 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SEC/0211/2023 
 
 
 
By E-filing 
 
      November 02, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, 
C-1, Block G, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol : APARINDS 
Kind Attn.: Listing Department 
BSE Limited             
Corporate Relations Department,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street,   
Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code : 532259      
Kind Attn. : Corporate Relationship Department 
 
 
Sub. : Submission of Transcript of Investors Conference Call made on Un-audited 
Financial Results (Standalone & Consolidated) of APAR Industries Limited  
(the Company) for Q2FY24.  
 
Ref.: Reg. 30 read with Para A (15) of Part A of Schedule III & all other applicable 
Regulations, if any, of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”),  
as amended from time to time 
________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Kindy refer to our letter no. SEC/2610/2023 dated October 26, 2023 w.r.t. submission of link of 
Audio Recording of post Investors Conference Call made on Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2FY24. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30(6) of the Listing Regulations, we are submitting 
herewith the transcript of the Investors Conference Call made on the Un-audited Financial Results 
(Standalone & Consolidated) of the Company for Q2 and Six Months period ended September 
30, 2023 on October 26, 2023.  
 
The aforesaid transcript is also made available at the website of the Company at www.apar.com. 
 
Kindly take note of this. 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For APAR Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
(Sanjaya Kunder) 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. : As above 
 
 
 
 
APAR Industries Limited 
Corporate Office : APAR House, Corporate Park, V. N. Purav Marg, Chembur, Mumbai - 400 071, India 
+91 22 2526 3400/6780 0400 corporate@apar.com www.apar.com 
Regd. Office: 301/306, Panorama Complex, R. C. Dutt Road, Alkapuri, Vadodara - 390007, India 
+91 265 6178 700/6178 709 apar.baroda@apar.com www.apar.com CIN: L91110GJ1989PLC012802 
SANJAY
A RAJU 
KUNDER
Digitally signed by SANJAYA RAJU 
KUNDER 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=7428, 
pseudonym=9fdeb5687d624d869f0
90b9361568600, 
2.5.4.20=e1e7d44fe70d01431f3f8f9f
bc5d579df83d4f144d97b964a056b
828176242b3, postalCode=400083, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=0cc5c938eb4e54110
332d07255e723e3bd1a6849c5d87c
4f34e5bec3533aa715, cn=SANJAYA 
RAJU KUNDER 
Date: 2023.11.02 10:38:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 37 
 
 
 
“APAR Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 26, 2023 
 
    
  
    
       
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. AMBESH TIWARI - S-ANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. KUSHAL DESAI - CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. CHAITANYA DESAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – APAR INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAMESH IYER – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - APAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 37 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to APAR Industries 
Limited Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ambesh Tiwari 
from S-Ancial Technologies. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Ambesh Tiwari: 
Good afternoon everyone. This is Ambesh Tiwari from S-Ancial 
Technologies. I welcome to all H1 & Q2 FY2024 earnings 
conference call for APAR Industries to discuss the business 
performance. We have from the management side, we have Mr. 
Kushal Desai, Chairman & Managing Director, Mr. Chaitanya 
Desai, Managing Director, CFO Mr. Ramesh Iyer. I will now pass 
on the mic to Mr. Kushal Desai for opening remarks. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you Ambesh. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to 
the APAR Industries Q2 and first half FY2024 earnings call. I 
would like to begin by giving a quick overview of our business 
and then get into more details on each of the three major 
segments performance. During the second quarter of FY2024, in 
the last quarter, the consolidated revenue came in at 3,926 
Crores, which is up 21% year-on-year. We witnessed volume 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 37 
growth across all three divisions. Our exports grew 26.3% year-
on-year, contributing to 49% of the overall company’s revenue 
compared to 47% a year ago. The EBITDA is up 58% year-on-year 
to 374 Crores at an EBITDA margin of 9.5%. Profit after tax came 
in at 174 Crores, which is 69% higher than the previous year. 
Profit after tax margin is at 4.4% compared to 3.2% in the same 
quarter previous year. 
Now looking at the figures for the first half and comparing them to 
the previous period so H1 consolidated revenue came in at 7,699 
Crores, which is up 22% year-on-year. Export revenue has grown 
by 39% and this was led largely by the cable business growing, 
the conductor division growing and the transformer oil segment 
growing. The EBITDA for the half year is up 56% year-on-year to 
743 Crores. We could attribute this to premiumization of the 
product and a better product mix besides the growth that has 
taken place. 
Looking at each individual business, conductor business revenue 
in Q2 FY2024 has grown by 35% year-on-year to reach 1,943 
Crores and the volume growth is 79% in the quarter. The export 
revenue grew by 158% year-on-year, contributing to 51% of the 
conductor divisions overall revenue. The EBITDA per metric ton 
post forex adjustment is at Rs. 39,007 per metric tonne. One of 
the highlight that we have achieved during this period has been 
that we have improved our reconductoring execution capabilities 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 37 
and this has resulted in higher productivity resulting in a better 
position to implement product faster as well as in more 
challenging situations. Reconductoring is a very critical part of the 
whole premiumization effort of the conductor business and these 
important developments should hold in terms of making it more 
efficient. During the first half, revenues came in at 3,717 Crores, 
which is up 24% year-on-year. Volumes are up 51% year-on-year, 
EBITDA per metric tonne for the first half period came in at an Rs. 
38,885 per metric tonne, which is 31% higher than the same 
period in the previous year. Our total order book for conductor 
stands today at 5,977 Crores. 
Coming to the Oil division, Q2 FY2024 revenues came at 1,200 
Crores. The volume grew by 18% in the quarter compared to the 
same period previous year making it an all-time high for a second 
quarter of a year. Exports contributed towards 47% of revenues. 
The EBITDA post forex adjustment came in at Rs. 4,562 per kl. 
One of the issues that we faced in the oil division is that our major 
base oil supplier supplying refinery suffered some issues in terms 
of their supply chain and the refinery turn around that they have 
post the end of life of a catalyst and due to this there were some 
huge complications resulting in lesser supplies to APAR, this 
affected profitability of the quarter as we had to go into the spot 
market and buy quantities of base oil to bridge the gap. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 37 
Having said that, the contracted base oil supplies have started 
improving from September onwards and some of the lost volume 
due to this is being bridged by the refinery. During half year 
ended, the oil revenue has grown by 7% year-on-year to 2,400 
Crores, the volume has grown by 16% compared to the previous 
period. The EBITDA post open period forex is at Rs.5,275 per kl, 
lubricant revenue came at 423 Crores with a volume of 34,918 
kiloliters. 
Coming to our cable business, the cable business revenue has 
grown 16% year-on-year in the second quarter of FY2024 to reach 
Rs.882 Crores. Our export mix is 51% in Q2. The EBITDA post 
forex came in at 98 Crores, which is about 11.1% of revenues so 
that is up 40% compared to the previous period. As mentioned in 
the earlier earnings calls, we are witnessing a slowdown in some 
of the distribution channels, especially those distributors in stock 
and sell in the US and to some extent in Europe and there has 
been restocking of excess inventory that they have been carrying 
which has led to relatively lower growth rate in the second 
quarter. As mentioned earlier, this phenomenon is expected to run 
for a few months post which the regular purchase cycle should 
pick up. Overall in the first half of FY2024, cable revenues are up 
32% year-on-year at 1,849 Crores, the overall export business 
contributed to 52% of sales. EBITDA post forex has come in at 
11.3% versus 8.5% in the previous period so with this, I would like 
to come to the end of my comments.  

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 37 
I would like to mention that we have a very detailed investor 
presentation deck, which has been uploaded on our website post 
the investor day that APAR had. We have also uploaded our third 
ESG report, which is also available on our website and it captures 
all the ESG activities which APAR has done in the last year, which 
is quite significant compared to what was done in the previous two 
periods. So this journey is a journey that we are well entrenched 
on continuing going forward. I would like to thank everyone for 
joining this call and I would like to transfer the call back to our 
moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, kindly note that the company 
has issued a postal ballot notice dated September 28th, 2023, to 
its shareholders seeking their approval under applicable law for 
issuance of securities. The postal ballot is available on the 
websites of the stock exchanges. In light of this, to comply with the 
applicable restrictions around publicity, the company will not be 
taking any questions on guidance, projections, forecasts 
pertaining to its business and financial performance, or any 
questions related to proposed funding requirements.  
We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good afternoon, Sir and congratulations on the excellent quarter. 
The first question is how has been the inquiry from transmission 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 37 
sector and renewables within the domestic market for conductors 
and cables separately if you can throw some light there? 
Kushal Desai: 
The inquiries Mohit is quite strong both in the transmission side as 
well as from the cable side, there are a number of corridors which 
have been announced, transmission corridors and in addition to 
that, given the general level of activity that is happening in 
electrification, the cable requirements also have been quite 
strong. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Is it possible to share the order book breakup for the conductors 
within domestic and export? 
Ramesh Iyer:: 
Out of the order book that we have for the conductor business 
about 5,900 Crores, 51% would be exports and the rest would be 
domestic. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood 
Sir. 
Second 
question, 
is 
there 
anything 
of 
reconductoring volumes in your total mix for the H1 if possible 
and we expect that mix to change the domestic market in terms of 
opportunity going forward? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
We talk about premium products typically and the premium 
products in the conductor division is in the range of 40% to 45%, 
Q2 also has been in that range and a similar percentage is also 
there in the order book that is pending as of September 30, 
2023. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 37 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from 
Invent Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Congrats Sir good set of numbers, two questions one is on the 
freight rates. Freight rates are rising again but the contract which 
we had brought should have entered as a lower rates, should that 
mean we are going to witness falling EBITDA going forward like 
last year the same thing was tailwind for us so in a similar way will 
it be a headwind or how we should look at it? 
Kushal Desai: 
Freight rate correction has already happened and we spoke about 
it quite extensively in the last board call that the correction of 
freight rate has started from the beginning of our financial year 
from about March, April onwards so fundamentally after that 
freight rates have been in a certain range, so freight rate is 
factored in today as we price the product in fact in many cases 
customers have shifted to an FOB purchase because they were 
seeing that freight rates were kind of correcting and falling. So 
there are customers who have actually shifted from DDP to an FOB 
business so they are more control on the freight. So what we are 
looking at today is basically just quoting freight on a spot basis. 
Anika Mittal: 
I was looking at the BBIY index that is the freight index so that was 
rising in month of September so I thought freight prices are rising 
so if that is the case…. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
I get your question just want to clarify basically these freight 
industry do not really play such a huge role and there is no 
correlation of that we do not take it account in any price variation 
or any such formula, all I can say is that the freight rates right now 
are quite stable they remains stable through the quarter and the 
increase in freight rates are not being seen today on container 
freight, but there is increased freight rates which you are seeing 
on bulk transportation as in for base oils and specialty chemicals 
and things like that so bulk of our business, which is containerized 
cargo movement, especially on the export side, the freight rate is 
quite flat. 
Anika Mittal: 
Understood like realizations EBITDA per tonne on the conductor 
side. So this quarter there is a rise Q-on-Q basis so what is 
reason? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
We have been already mentioning earlier also the EBITDA 
percentage in conductor, the reason for that is largely because of 
the premiumization of the products that has been happening for 
the last one and half to two years now and also because of the 
increase in the exports percentage. 
Kushal Desai: 
 So in the last quarter we had good execution and completion of 
projects that happened of HTLS as well as OPGW so with some of 
the items that I mentioned that we have been working on 
productivity of faster execution of projects. Last quarter saw good 
pickup in terms of productivity especially in more challenging 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 37 
requirements, you did not have a simple plain terrain. So our 
execution in Q2 was better than what had originally been 
envisaged. 
Anika Mittal: 
Our guidance is intact accross three segments? Like we mentioned 
in earlier quarter. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
In the beginning of the call, I think there was a statement that we 
cannot take any questions on guidance so we would like to stick to 
that one. 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay Sir. Thank you very much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charanjit Singh 
from DSP Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on great set of 
numbers. Sir my first question is regarding exports so in the 
previous call your commentary on exports was really cautious, but 
despite that we have delivered a very strong growth in the exports 
in both conductors as well as cables segment. If you can touch 
upon, on the ground how the export markets are shaping up, and 
the various projects which you would see in the international 
markets, basically U.S. markets on the renewable side. So what 
are the key markets which you are seeing and how the traction is 
you know going on the ground that is on the export side? 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
On the export front in the last earnings call we mentioned that 
since the supply chains have eased, de-inventorisation is taking 
place. So that effect has very much been in place. What you see 
are the shipments which had been scheduled and already went 
through, fresh order intake which is coming in through the quarter 
has been a bit slower especially from distributors, people who 
stock and hold stock in the warehouse and then sell the product 
because they are all looking at reducing their inventory levels 
which in the current situation is too high given that the supply 
chain has now been fully restored so as we mentioned earlier also 
that there is a period where there will be a slowdown in terms of 
execution for the US and Europe market and in Q2 we have seen 
that in the order inflow which has come in for immediate execution 
whereas the orders which have come in as I mentioned in the last 
quarter earnings call also is that they are for a longer dated 
delivery so fundamentally once the de-inventorisation process is 
over when it should get into a normal cycle so that is what we 
mentioned earlier and the feet on the ground pretty much as we 
speak today seem to be in that same direction. 
Charanjit Singh: 
So Sir, if you have to look at the kind of grid ramp up which is 
happening in US and the European markets and take a maybe a 
little longer term view rather than quarterly view on the export 
markets then how you would see that market from demand supply 
perspective and overall growth perspective? 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
So as I mentioned earlier also in the previous quarters call, the 
fundamental market scenario has not changed so the long term 
execution and the shift towards renewable energy moving from 
electricity being about 20% of the energy mix to 40% of the 
energy mix by 2050 and renewable energy forming almost 75%-
80% of that growth in the electricity addition, all those parameters 
remain pretty much intact so our sense is that whatever this de-
inventorization thing which we have been talking about from the 
last quarter onwards is more something that a tactical thing 
happening in this period, the factors which I mentioned earlier, 
they still hold good even today where you have got higher interest 
costs so the cost of carrying inventory also is much higher and the 
unpredictability factor that was there before because of supply 
chain, raw material outages etc, all that has disappeared. So today 
an order which is placed is being executed within a relatively short 
cycle and that cycle is a quite a predictable cycle so that is why 
this whole de-inventorization is taking place. But I think these two 
things are uncoupled the de-inventorization in the short term 
which is happening and the demand which is fundamentally there 
are two decoupled, we should decouple those two things, they are 
two different effects so hope I have been able to answer that 
question. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Yes that is very helpful so thanks for the detailed answer. So just 
on the cables segment, so cable segment, we saw revenue growth 
of 16% during the quarter on Y-o-Y basis so if you can touch upon 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 37 
could this growth have been you know higher pertaining factors 
which could have impacted our growth in the cables and wires 
segment and domestic market, how did we see in this segment 
and how the wires as a business is doing for us within this cable 
and wire segment that is my last question, Sir? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, the same effect as Charanjit we spoke about, because of 
deinventorization that is being followed by the Western countries, 
we have seen that impact in Q2 otherwise we see the quarter one 
growth rate was much higher than in Q2 so we are slowly seeing 
that impact what we just spoke about. On the wire business that is 
progressing as planned and we are increasing the number of our 
electrician meets and the number of retail touch points also there 
and we are already down there in the 17 states. We are present 
across India as of now so that is going as per our plan now that we 
mentioned.  
Kushal Desai: 
As Ramesh has mentioned the rollout you know continues to be 
reasonably strong so as we keep expanding our footprint the 
acceptance of the wires and the distribution of our wires are 
continuing to grow and we have seen that many of our competitors 
also are now seeing that this category and this type of wires 
actually is a clear stand out so some of our competitors are also 
now looking at trying to provide similar performance levels of 
wires like Anushakti but we see that as a very positive step 
because (A) It recognizes the strategy which we are following and 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 37 
(B) If other powerful entrance also start promoting the same type 
of wire, the whole category will end up growing with us having the 
first mover sort of advantage. So in short, that part of the business 
is growing. Our distributor presence has almost doubled over the 
one year period. Our retailer presence also has increased by 
almost 70%, the states that we are active in today, and Ramesh 
says from 13 states we are now active in 17 states and the 18th 
one just went active in the month of September. We also focus 
quite heavily on demonstrations, so the demonstrations because 
once you see the performance of our wires through a 
demonstrated test so the demonstrations which we did in 12 
months, we have completed in 1/2 and this year the same thing 
with electrician meet, the same thing nukkad meets with these 
shops. So basically our activity in the market has doubled what we 
did in the entire last financial year we have done the same similar 
numbers in the first half. So all these demand generation activities 
have been going on quite strongly and as a consequence even the 
sales is also showing similar sort of growth. 
Charanjit Singh: 
Got it, Sir. Thanks a lot for taking my questions and all the best for 
the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from 
Aequitas Investments. Please go ahead. 
Riya Mehta: 
Good evening, Sir, Riya Mehta from Aequitas. My first question is 
if you could just elaborate a little bit on the capex progress that 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 37 
was announced earlier and the capex plan that we have for H2 of 
this year and next year for both cables and conductors? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So our capex spend till September is about 150 Crores and bulk 
of it is there into the cable division and the conductor division 
over there and we have capex of about 350-400 Crores by the 
end of the year and will be very close to that number as we go 
into the second half. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and any plan for the next years, capex plan for next year? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Well, this still give us capacity for the next year and as we get into 
the later years, we will inform more about the guidance that on 
capex front and other areas. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and capex that we had announced last year, we had plans of 
commissioning and ramping up this year. Just wanted to know how 
that is progressing, especially on the cable front? 
Kushal Desai: 
It is pretty much on schedule. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay so have you commissioned any part of it? 
Kushal Desai: 
So there are lines which have come in and the lines have been put 
together and have been commissioned. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay typically what duration can we expect for full ramp up of the 
capacities that will be coming this year? 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
So you will see in FY2025, you will see the full, to a large extent 
the loading of these plants, so they are all getting commissioned 
through this financial year and our expectation is that by the end 
fourth quarter as we mentioned earlier also that this round of 
capex will get over, which will then allow for the running in the 
next year for almost a year and a half the ratio is about 10 to 12 
times so 400 Crores capex can get you 4000 to 5000 Crores of 
revenue at a base level. 
Riya Mehta: 
And we expect say next year to be full ramp up for this 400 odd 
Crores? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes expectation is that all this has been put together based on 
what we have seen, in terms of new tenders and customer 
requirements which have been indicated so based on that, the 
capex has been put in on what we think are relevant products and 
it should during the course of the next financial year get fully 
loaded. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and the second question is more on the opportunity side so 
two aspects, if you could elaborate upon the opportunity size like 
we have and whether we will benefit from that in a meaningful 
way, one is the Bharat Net part in India and the other is I think 
what I understand is there is a $3.5 billion investment announced 
by US for reconductoring their grid and strengthening their power 
grid so would we be able to benefit out of this and what is the 
kind of opportunity we can look out of these two initiatives? 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
So let me answer the question to the extent I am allowed to 
answer, with these restrictions that are there. We have spoken 
about the Bharat Net opportunity in the last call that we had. The 
Bharat Net opportunity is it is not yet finalized and in its final form 
announced for tendering, but is that a very advanced stage and 
APAR would be in a position to participate in the Bharat Net 
because we qualify with all the EPC capabilities that we have. We 
have the ability to participate in that tender which is there from the 
understanding that we have that I explained last time is that in the 
case of Bharat Net it is expected that this time it will be like an end 
to end tender where it is not only a supply, but then there is also 
you have to run the network for an X period of time so it is a 
supply and running the network and there will also be restrictions 
on the number of bids that any single company can make so this 
would clear to open up opportunities to people who have the 
capability and the qualifications to bid on it. 
Riya Mehta: 
We would be in position to taking up orders for end to end 
solution as in running up the network as well? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes we have every intention of bidding against at least one 
package so all the final form of Bharat Net is not out I think it is 
just at a prefinalization and tendering stage. But as we mentioned 
earlier in some of our earnings calls on the Investor Day meetings 
that we have every intention of participating. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay, understood. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 37 
Kushal Desai: 
As far as US is concerned, we have approvals and we have been 
in dialogue with number of utilities in the United States. We also 
have an active sales force on the ground in the United States so 
any massive amount of work which happens on the re-
conductoring side and addition of new transmission lines etc, the 
company would participate. You would have seen that in even in 
last year’s numbers that after India, our second largest market 
actually the United States contributed to over 25% of our revenues 
so we do have a significant presence there and the company is 
continuing to invest in growing the presence. 
Riya Mehta: 
Right this has to be re-conductoring opportunity, where would it 
be a premium product like OPGW and HEC or would it be our 
conventional product? 
Kushal Desai: 
So the funds that have been allocated, the United States market 
actually is run purely by private players so unlike in India where 
you have semi government or you have like state electricity, state 
transmission company involved etc., so this opportunity is 
something that has just been announced so I do not think you 
know all the details of that are all yet spelled out but our sense is 
that there will be a combination of both because generally re-
conductoring opportunity results in using an existing infrastructure 
and reconductoring a line meeting certain constraints so usually a 
reconductoring job requires HTLS or a premium conductor but the 
market in the US, our expectation is, as we mentioned earlier also 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 37 
that a number of new lines are coming up there which are 
executing or rather transmitting power from new and renewable 
energy locations so like a new wind farm or a new solar farm, you 
have the transmission line evacuating power from there into the 
grid so that line can be designed to be either a conventional 
conductor line or an HTLS type of line. Most of the reconductoring 
jobs require a higher HTLS component for you to really make it 
meaningful. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and on the oil segment, so we have seen this last couple of 
months being very volatile in terms of crude oil prices which I 
understand impacts our margins and also that there was some 
supply chain issues that was mentioned in the presentation so I just 
wanted to understand how have things been so far in Q3? 
Kushal Desai: 
I am constrained in terms of being able to talk about future, but as 
I mentioned in our commentary we had some issues from our 
largest refinery and supply source with whom we have been 
working with for over 20 plus year so there was a hiccup in terms 
of their supply chain during the second quarter that resulted in us 
having to buy raw materials on a spot basis etc., which was more 
expensive because you had to buy it from a source which was very 
short delivery to make up for, these sort of things are not 
predictable, but in the month of September, shipments have been 
restored almost back to its normal level for all grade and in certain 
grades additional products have been also shipped to us or are 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 37 
being shipped to us to compensate for part of the problem so as a 
consequence, we have ended up paying a higher price in Q2 the 
material which should have been used in Q2 is actually some of it 
is spilling over into Q3 and as a consequence, basically the higher 
price paid in the previous quarter will get offset to some extent in 
this quarter just in terms of the timing of the delivery. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay understood and just last question on a couple of data points 
what would be percentage of export orders in the conductor new 
orders of about 2500 Crores this quarter and what will be the 
execution period of order books for both cables and conductors? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Order inflow of the export part of the new order for Q2 will be 
about 43% and typically the execution time is about six to seven 
months. But as we mentioned earlier also we do get some orders 
in this period for which the execution will happen next year also. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and the cables? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Cable order book stands about 1,000 Crores and the cables are a 
much shorter execution period as of now, about just about less 
than 10% of the cable order book that for which the deliveries will 
happen in the next year or so of all will be in the short term.  
Kushal Desai: 
There is a bit of a que in terms of delivery into 1,000 Crores order 
book that is there, it has the domestic portion of it is, very short 
cycle. The export portion of it has some deliveries now and a 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 37 
larger portion of its deliveries are in Q4 given that the de-
inventorization thing is happening right now. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay and this new order for conductors you mentioned where you 
know the export is 42%, what will be the premium product 
percentage? Share of premium product? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Premium product should be in the range of 40% to 42%. 
Riya Mehta: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Anwani from 
Prabhudas Lilladhar Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Amit Anwani: 
Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the de-
inventorization which you are mentioning for exports, which you 
did mention in the last quarter as well. Just wanted to understand 
you are saying, if my understanding is right, distribution network 
will be seeing some inventory adjustment. How much would be 
that percentage distribution in exports and domestic market for 
you in conductor? 
Kushal Desai: 
You 
mean conductor 
going 
into 
the 
distribution 
versus 
transmission is that? We don’t do much in terms of conductors 
that go into the distribution side. The bear conductors are largely 
on, so 95% would be transmission and 5% distribution side. We 
have a hybrid product which is in between conductor and a cable 
which is called a medium voltage covered conductor. So that 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 37 
medium voltage covered conductor is a distribution conductor, but 
having an insulation, very specialized insulation layer on top so we 
are the leader in terms of MVCC in India and so that is the play 
which we have on the distribution side. 
Amit Anwani: 
My question, actually was you said that our distribution channel 
has increased and there would be… 
Kushal Desai: 
So that is from the building wire standpoint where you have 
distributors as in people who go shop to shop and distribute 
through all the retail outlets and things. 
Amit Anwani: 
So that we are seeing inventory adjustments, right? 
Kushal Desai: 
That we are not seeing any adjustment here. What we are talking 
about is okay, let me clarify what I meant is that we have there are 
several mega distributors in the United States who bring product, 
stock it and then sell it. So those distributors who are carrying a 
very high level of inventory that ran into 8, 9, 10 months also of 
inventory have now started de-inventorizing and destocking the 
inventory levels that they are holding. So this is affecting or has 
affected the short-term shipments that are happening to the United 
States. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right so how much percent that would be? 
Kushal Desai: 
Our total sales, export sales have been about 52% for the cable 
business so wire distribution, actually that number is, I do not have 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 37 
the exact number, but what is happening in terms of is that we are 
moving more and more towards dealing directly with the EPC 
contractors for the large jobs so when you have big re-
conductoring jobs when you would have that is why we have 
added people on the ground in the United States, so 
reconductoring work will largely happen with utility and EPC 
people and most of the transmission line work also happens to the 
big utilities through EPC and direct. The smaller utilities actually 
buy it through the distribution channel. The more channel remain 
active, but it depends on where the dollars are being spent. 
Participation in those channels will then be dictated by that so the 
smaller utilities are doing upgradation capex sort of work, then it 
goes through a distribution channel. If the larger utilities are doing 
work, then they typically buy directly or through an EPC 
contractor. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sir on re-conductoring, which you did highlighted that we are 
increasing the pace of execution and so are we talking this about 
the domestic market or is my understanding correct that now re-
conductoring opportunity will also depending on an export market 
and the mix there will also see a lot of re-conductoring growth 
apart from the conductor which saw a robust growth in exports 
market so if you would like to just clarify on that? 
Chaitanya Desai: 
Yes re-conductoring as a demand is happening both in India and 
outside India. APAR has been doing re-conductoring turnkey 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 37 
projects only in India where we are doing the execution work and 
where we mentioned about our productivity having improved, re-
conductoring demand from outside India, we are participating in 
that through supply of product only. We are not actually taking it 
on to end to end.  
Kushal Desai: 
Question was that are both the markets growing and so the thing 
is that reconductoring is generally growing because as we have 
been saying in the past, electricity consumption everywhere is 
increasing so wherever there is a right of way issue and you are 
not able to put up a parallel transmission line and the only viable 
option is to reconductor with the line of higher capacity so that 
sort of phenomena you will start finding everywhere happening 
around the world and our participation right now in domestic is to 
do both supply as well as EPC whereas overseas we are doing 
only supply. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right sir within cables, how was the contribution and growth of 
elastomeric cables and E-BEAM cables for H1? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Elastomeric cable has gone up by about 40% in H1. 
Amit Anwani: 
Okay sure Sir and so this capex which you said 350 Crores by the 
end of this year, this would lead to capacity increase by how much 
percentage over the base of last year if you would like to have? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Asset turnover is in the range of 10 to 14 depending on the 
category of products that will get used. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 37 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure my last question is on the interest cost. This quarter we saw 
interest cost going significantly up on a sequential basis and I can 
see oil business on the breakup provided on the PPT roughly 45 
Crores towards oil business which appears high so any 
understanding we would like to give, how should we read the 
interest cost numbers going forward and also on the working 
capital as we understand that typically we have interest bearing 
acceptances and we used to see interest costs as percentage of 
sales around 2-2.5%, which has gone up to 3% this quarter, so 
any understanding on working capital and interest cost going 
forward whether we target, how should we read on this? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes, so sequentially the interest cost is high because the first 
quarter the interest on discounting was less and second quarter 
the interest on discounting is high and therefore that is one of the 
reasons for the increase on a sequential basis. The other thing is 
that of course the volumes in the second quarter is much higher 
than in the first quarter, not only in terms of sales, but also in 
terms of procurement etc. You also see exchange rate going up 
slightly towards the end of Q2 and the increase in exchange also 
has an impact on how the interest costs will go up. 
Kushal Desai: 
Even interest rate itself has increased so wherever you have had 
open letter of credit of 180 days which was opened earlier, the 
interest rate was frozen at the time you open the letter of credit 
because it is fully financed so as the percentage of the LC is being 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 37 
opened, or more current interest rates, the rates are much higher 
than before given the high percentage. So whatever Ramesh has 
said plus this impact is what is resulting in higher interest costs. It 
will taper off because I think I mean depending on the rate hike 
whatever more happens it taper off at whatever level of so far is 
there today, on the import side and on the domestic side also 
whatever RBI guidance etc, I think it seems like it is flattening out 
so on that basis you know you can extrapolate what the interest 
costs would look like. 
Ramesh Iyer: 
On your question on working capital, typically we are in the range 
of 35 days net working capital so historically it has always been in 
that range and that is what we are being maintained even in this 
half of the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhanan Bagrodia 
from ASK. Please go ahead. 
Dhanan Bagrodia: Congratulations on a good set of numbers again. Sir I know you 
will not speak much on guidance but just a little bit on realization 
and would that be similar base or there would be scope for more 
reduction? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So as we said, we cannot talk about guidance so can’t talk about 
realization also. Excuse us for this time. 
Dhanan Bagrodia: Okay capex what you see, let us see this is capex would be for the 
next year? 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 37 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Yes. So we have already spent about 150 Crore in this year. 
Dhanan Bagrodia: 400 for this year, what would be for the next year? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Well, for the next year, we will share the information as we get 
into the close of the year. 
Dhanan Bagrodia: Okay perfect sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu 
Upadhyay from O3 PMS. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Congrats on good set of numbers. I had a question on this oil 
itself or the base oil what we stated despite that we had a 
phenomenal volume growth rate of 18% so the impact was 
completely moderating and how much are the spot prices higher 
versus long term prices generally are they significantly higher? 
Kushal Desai: 
So Himanshu here, fundamentally order inflow was strong, 
primarily led by the growth that we saw in transformer oil and to 
answer the second part of your question which is the difference in 
the spot market varies all the time so depending upon which is 
happening with crude and what is happening with gas oil or diesel 
and then the supply demand that is out there so if anybody goes in 
to pick up large quantities automatically the spot market correct 
upward, whereas the contract is based on formula pricing etc., so 
as I mentioned earlier, we have definitely seen an erosion in our 
profitability in the second quarter because we have to buy more 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 37 
from the spot market given that there were supply chain 
challenges from one of our largest supplier refineries that we 
work with. But having said that, as I mentioned in September, the 
shipment started normalizing and they have also tried to make up 
for loss volume. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: See my question is what we have seen crude price have moved 
up in last three four months, our price is formula based with a lag 
of one month time so what you will be getting now will be the 
lower price point or it would be from what the current price is 
whatever volume? 
Kushal Desai: 
All formulas are backward looking so as a consequence when 
prices are rising, formula pricing is always beneficial because it is 
backward looking. When prices are falling then the reverse trend 
takes place. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: So my question is the volume what we missed from July, August, 
and lets say for those two months the product what we will be 
getting will be based on July, August price points or it will be 
forward only. So the volume which went? 
Kushal Desai: 
Pricing goes based on every month and benefitting to the effect 
that some of the shipments got a little bit delayed, but the refinery 
has tried to cover up some of the shortfall which has happened 
obviously when they had significantly reduced production, they 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 37 
are not in a position to cover the entire gap but they try to cover 
some of that gap. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay I had question on transformers side, see what our 
understanding globally that there is a shortage of transformers, 
and many Chinese companies are gaining market share like Jin 
Tong, Eon all those in the US and Europe market. What impact 
does it have on our business because what I understand we do not 
supply to Chinese players and are we seeing opportunity coming 
up for even our MNC customers on the transformer side to 
explore outside India and will it benefit us or some of your 
thoughts on how the scenario will pan out? 
Kushal Desai: 
So transformer demand has been quite strong and fundamentally 
it is coming from the increase in the number of substations that are 
coming up and during our Investor Day presentation, we had a 
chart. In fact you will see the investor presentation deck. It gives 
an idea in terms of you know how cables, conductors, 
transformers/transformer oil is used along the entire supply chain. 
So what is happening is that renewable energy has a higher 
intensity of substation and each substation needs a transformer to 
step up the power or step down the power. So there is a shortage 
of transformer in certain area because the demand has suddenly 
gone up from being very stable, for example the US market 
transformer manufacturers are completely are fully booked. I am 
not so sure about Chinese companies being able to penetrate the 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 37 
US market because there are very high duties which are there on 
pretty much all Chinese products including antidumping duty in 
place so I would not be able to comment on that we do not sell 
transformer oil into the U.S. market simply because of very high 
logistics cost for transformer oil relative to you know the local 
refineries and their ability to service project sites so our focus on 
export in transformer oil is fundamentally been ex the United 
States. So to answer your question on are we seeing export orders 
coming on Indian transformer manufacturers who are part of the 
MNC system. We have been seeing export but the domestic 
market itself is very strong. So there is a lot of transformer 
demand especially India itself as all these transmission lines and 
renewable energy sites are coming up. So we have a strong 
supply that is going into the domestic market servicing all these 
transformer manufactures. So I think most of them are quite 
focused on just supplying to the Indian market at this stage. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: One more thing in the presentation what we see on the 
conductor side so Q2, the volume growth is much ahead of the 
revenue even in our order book which is high, the volume would 
be much higher than the value terms or what was there last year. 
Should we assume that? 
Kushal Desai: 
So there is no correlation in that. So it all depends upon the time 
you have book the metal and because you could have a metal that 
was booked one year ago, when the metal price was… 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 37 
Himanshu Upadhyay: That is the whole reason I wanted to understand? 
Kushal Desai: 
You will not be able to correlate because that is such a dynamic 
picture that it will keep on changing depending on that is the 
reason why we go by EBITDA per metric tonne as metric because 
aluminum was at a relatively lower price a year ago or two years 
ago, people have taken advantage of even COVID time and 
booked two years in advance and hedged metal, so you can have 
a different price points on the metal so the metrics that we look at 
is EBITDA per a metric ton and the amount of conventional 
products versus premium products because that is actually the 
measure by which one can get an idea in terms of sort of 
realization and margin company can have so otherwise the 
correlation is very difficult to track and explain. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay and one last thing you see we want to raise capital nearly 
1000 Crores and we gave a dividend of 160? 
Kushal Desai: 
I am not in a position to answer on that as regulation does not 
allow us to comment at all on fund raise so we will defer that 
question at this stage. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay thank you. But I think the document what has been sent on 
the postal is very vague and I think some more clarity would have 
been beneficial for us to understand. 
Kushal Desai: 
You may want to take it with the regulator. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 37 
Himanshu Upadhyay: Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet from YES 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet: 
Good evening, Sir. Congratulations on a very good set of results. 
My question is on the US export market, so as I understand it last 
year conductor revenue was around 7000 Crores and you 
mentioned 25% that was from US? Around 1500 Crores odd 
revenue from US and given the size of electricity consumption, 
size of electricity market in the US, I assume this as percentage of 
market and their target to increase the contribution from the 
renewable sources, the market is quite huge in terms of compared 
with the revenue that we have right now so the scope to increase 
the revenue new forward is huge for such a big market so what is 
our strategy going forward to penetrate and to get more revenue 
from the market and what is the kind of competitive landscape that 
you are seeing there? Are there local players or there are players 
who are exporters like us from the different countries, can you 
comment on that and our strategy in terms of increasing our 
market share in the economy 
Kushal Desai: 
So I have limitations Abhijeet is in terms of again what I can 
specifically answer. I will just stick to what I had mentioned earlier 
as well as in all our previous communication that all of these 
countries have signed up to this, decarbonization through, you 
know, COP 26, COP 27, etc. They have all set up significant 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 37 
targets. If you go to an investor presentation deck, you will see 
various charts and things which are supporting what sort of growth 
is expected over the next 15, 20, 25 years in these markets as far 
as renewable energy is concerned so all I can say is that we have 
had a focus on U.S. market. We have been engaging with various 
utilities there and we have been engaging with various EPC 
players there so it has for the last few years been a very strategic 
market for us. It will continue to be a strategic market 26% of 
APAR revenues comes from the US market so it is clearly market 
of focus for us and unfortunately, I am not in a position to you 
know answer anything specifically on forecast in the future etc., as 
such but as the execution plan happen in the US based on 
whatever announcement these governments have made and the 
targets that they have taken it is natural thing that demand will sort 
of follow. 
Abhijeet: 
I understand demand scenario is very strong in the next 10-20 
years, but what about the competitive scenario there in terms of 
supply and how favorable are we placed to capture the 
incremental demand that comes out of these markets? 
Kushal Desai: 
Again, I understand, but unfortunately Abhijeet I cannot answer 
that, given the fact that this gets into the area of, future and 
forecast so I cannot specifically answer that I just want to clarify 
that the export that we have to US 16% of APAR total revenue in 
FY2023 so it is very significant market from that standpoint. 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 34 of 37 
Abhijeet: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshee Chhabra 
from Svan Investment. Please go ahead. 
Sakshee Chhabra: I wanted to understand that the dealer that you mentioned about 
was that only pertaining to exports or is that even on the domestic 
side? 
Kushal Desai: 
This is pertaining specifically to a large importer distributor in the 
United States and Europe because the supply chain were broken 
during COVID and it was taking very long to get containers, 
shipment, clear them and deliver them to client side all large 
importers, distributors in the United States and Europe were 
having elevated levels of inventory. So domestic side that problem 
never really existed so this is purely US and Europe sort of 
phenomena. 
Sakshee Chhabra: So then what would be the reason that on Q-o-Q basis there has 
been dip in the domestic side of cables business? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
Well, it depends on the orders and execution we typically do not 
look at it on quarterly basis. 
Kushal Desai: 
But there is net increase that has happens in terms of if you at Q2 
on the domestic side, Q2 of our domestic side is higher than the 
same period previous year so overall growth in the domestic side 
of the business in fact the domestic demand for cable was always 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 35 of 37 
strong and it continues to remain strong and APAR has chosen to 
focus more on the export because we were getting better 
realization and higher profitability, good cash flow but the 
domestic demand for wires and cable has remained reasonably 
strong through the year in fact in FY2023 domestic demand in 
India grew by 20% plus compared to the previous period of wire 
and cable category. 
Sakshee Chhabra: Okay but there is no specific reason for the sequential dip? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
It has grown as compared to Q1 growth rates may have slightly 
come down, but overall there is growth in Q2 as compared to Q1.  
Kushal Desai: 
That number there is actually a year-on-year growth as well as 
sequential growth in the cable domestic side. 
Sakshee Chhabra: Okay, so the difference is only because of export? 
Kushal Desai: 
Yes. Export shipment in Q2 were lower, growth percentage was 
lower than previous period. As you know destocking that 
phenomena started fundamentally when you want to reduce 
inventory from holding 8-10 months down to the normal two to 
three months, we have about six months of excess stock which has 
to reduce so that is the phenomena which has been basically seen. 
Sakshee Chhabra: Can you also explain the disconnect that is there on conductor 
side between the realization on EBITDA per unit, on quarter-on-

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 36 of 37 
quarter basis, the realization has come down but the EBITDA per 
unit has gone up? 
Ramesh Iyer: 
So the realization is different thing it depends price on your 
aluminum or copper so that is why typically it is good to look only 
at EBITDA per metric tonne because the prices of metal fluctuates. 
Kushal Desai: 
For the quarter there is no correlation with the prices that exist in 
that quarter, it depends upon the hedging, when order was 
placed, what the client requires from usin terms of hedging etc. So 
that is reason why keeping on track on per tonne realization is not 
easy to track. Earlier I explained that the company if the customer 
asked us to hedge it for six months in advance then we would 
hedge it, now in the six months if aluminum goes up then that is 
precisely the reason why the client wanted to hedge the product 
and fix the pricing on it so it is difficult to see the realization per 
ton and that is the reason why we focus on EBITDA per ton as well 
as what is the percentage of premium products that are sold that 
will give you an idea of mix which will drive the profitability. 
Sakshee Chhabra: Got it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions I would now like to 
hand over the conference to Mr. Kushal Desai for closing 
comments. 
Kushal Desai: 
Thank you everyone for joining our call for this quarter and I also 
like to wish everybody season greetings and very happy and 

 
 
                    APAR Industries Limited 
October 26, 2023 
 
Page 37 of 37 
prosperous Diwali and New Year which is pending in the next few 
weeks so thank you very much for joining us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of APAR Industries Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
