 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 3, 2023 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Scrip ID: BSOFT 
Scrip Code: 532400 
Kind Attn: The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400051. 
 
Symbol: BSOFT 
Series: EQ 
 
Kind Attn: The Manager,  
Listing Department 
 
 
Subject: - 
Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 31, 2023. 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings call of the Company organized on October 31, 2023. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.birlasoft.com/company/investors/policies-reports-filings#, under the head – 
Quarterly Reports → Earnings Call → Transcript.  
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Birlasoft Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Sneha Padve 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Sneha 
Prashant 
Padve
Digitally signed 
by Sneha 
Prashant Padve 
Date: 2023.11.03 
16:54:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Birlasoft Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
7.30pm IST, 31 October 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANGAN GUHA, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MS. KAMINI SHAH, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. ABHINANDAN SINGH, HEAD - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
 
Note: 
1. This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
2. Any of the statements made herein may be construed as opinions only and as of the date. We expressly 
disclaim any obligation or undertaking to release any update or revision to any of the views contained 
herein to reflect any changes in our expectations with regard to any change in events, conditions or 
circumstances on which any of these opinions might have been based upon. 
 
(1 crore = 10 million) 
 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Birlasoft Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Abhinandan Singh – Head, Global Investor Relations, 
Birlasoft limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Singh. 
Abhinandan Singh: 
Thank you and welcome folks. By now you have received or seen our results. Those are also 
available on our website www.birlasoft.com. Joining me on this call today with me are our CEO 
and MD Mr. Angan Guha and our CFO Ms. Kamini Shah. We will begin the call today with 
opening remarks from both Angan and Kamini. 
But before I hand over the floor to Angan, a quick reminder that anything that we say on this 
call on the company's outlook for the future could be a forward-looking statement and therefore 
that must be heard or read in conjunction with the disclaimer that appears in our Q2 FY24 
investor update, which has already been sent to you and is also uploaded on our website as well 
as filed with the stock exchanges. With that, let me hand over the floor now to Mr. Angan Guha, 
our CEO and MD. Over to you. 
Angan Guha: 
Thanks, Abhi. Good evening and good morning to everyone, wherever you are. And thank you 
for joining us today as we share some perspectives on our Q2 FY24 performance. But before I 
delve into our quarterly results, I would like to welcome our new Chief Operating Officer, 
Selvakumaran Mannappan to our leadership team. You would have seen an announcement on 
this earlier this month. Selva is a seasoned leader with over 29 years of experience in the IT 
services business. He brings with him a wealth of expertise and a global perspective to our 
organization thanks to the various pivotal roles that he has held over the years including as the 
COO of several large units while spearheading some numerous strategic initiatives at a tier 1 
tech services firm. 
You will recall that I had earlier outlined the two dimensions along which we are transforming 
our company to become sharply focused on select verticals and service lines and to culturally 
become more nimble and execution-orientated. Key to this has been a creation of a refreshed 
and a reinforced leadership team at Birlasoft, most of which is already completed. And when we 
last spoke, there were a couple of open positions that we spoke about, the COO being one of 
them. With Selva coming on board, we now have a unified delivery organization reporting it to 
him, closely aligned to the geography organization. As the Chief Operating officer of our firm, 
Selva will be at the helm of refining our operational efficiency, driving transformation initiatives 
to enhance customer centricity, and capability building for sustainable growth. He will oversee 
our global delivery and operations, our service lines, business excellence, along with our CTO 
and the CISO functions and this will ensure that Birlasoft remains at the forefront of IT services. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Now let me quickly come to our Q2 Results: 
Coming to our Q2 Results, which I trust all of you have seen, we are very pleased to report a 
very strong financial and operating performance, delivering robust growth on all three fronts; 
revenue, margins and deal wins. Our revenue for the quarter has grown by 3.1% Q-o-Q in 
constant currency and 3% Q-o-Q on reported currency. Our reported currency figures are $158.3 
million, whereas our constant currency figures are 159.1 million. This was possible because of 
great account mining and deal ramp ups. If you take the 2 million disengagement services fee 
that we receive from Invacare in Q1 out of the picture, then our growth in Q2 has been even 
stronger at 4.4% Q-o-Q. In rupee terms, our revenue for the quarter increased to Rs. 1,309.9 
crore, a growth of 10% year-on-year. Again, if you were to take Invacare out of the equation, 
this will represent a growth of 13% year-on-year.  
We also recorded an expansion in our EBITDA margins and this is despite implementing an 
organization wide compensation hike and promotion that was effective 1st of September. Our 
EBITDA margins expanded by 50 basis points Q-o-Q to 15.8% in Q2. We have also seen our 
cash flows and cash balances improved. These sustained improvements are an outcome of both 
of our operating leverage as well as our push to enhance our operational efficiencies. Kamini in 
her section will take you through more details around those. 
Now, our performance comes on the back of a very strong 1st Quarter where we recorded a 3.1% 
sequential growth in dollar terms and also 170 basis point increase in our EBITDA margins.  
On the deal front, you would remember that our Q1 was a little muted. In Q2, we have reversed 
that trend. We have signed TCV deals worth $271 million and this included one very large deal, 
which is a deal with TCV upwards of $100 million from a Fortune 500 company in North 
America. As a part of this partnership, the customer and Birlasoft will establish a strong 
foundation towards application maintenance, modernization and migration to cloud. 
Additionally, we will build capabilities around customer experience, enterprise data governance 
and management in our data and analytics practice. This contract is for a period of 5 years and 
includes renewal plus incremental business and I'm sure you would’ve guessed that it is from an 
existing client. This is a milestone deal for us which reflects our unwavering commitment to 
shaping a brighter data-driven future along with our customers. Our ability to successfully go 
after and execute such large engagements also demonstrates our ability to create and close 
complex deals. But there is one more point I would like to draw your attention on: this deal will 
have a transition period of almost 6 months and we will start seeing the revenue uptake only 
from April onwards. 
On the capability front, we continue to scale up our emerging tech skills following the generative 
AI Center of Excellence, which we established in the last quarter along with Microsoft. Our 
initial training included 500 of our colleagues, but as we go forward, we have now extended it 
to cover all of our around 12,500 colleagues to be trained on generative AI. This is a big 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
investment from our perspective. We firmly believe in making these investments to reinforce 
and enhance our long-term competitive edge. 
In terms of looking forward, we have had some good deals. We also have a very, very strong 
pipeline. But as you are aware, the macro environment is still very unfavorable and the high 
interest rates that persist in the matured geographies and economic deceleration that is happening 
in the West will have some impact on our business. The current quarter, Q3, as we all know is a 
short quarter with lot of furloughs. So, I can say that the Q3 quarter will be a muted quarter for 
us, but obviously we cannot give guidance and, like I have always said, we will focus on in-
quarter execution to land wherever we have to land. Our approach has been to stick to and 
leverage our strengths and actively drive proactive deals. We are seeing this play out in all areas 
where we enjoy strong competency, whether it's cloud, whether it's infra, digital and even the 
ERP business, which is now spanning out and starting to see growth. 
Our strategy of retaining and mining existing accounts with both cross selling and upselling is 
delivering solid and positive results and this is visible in our deal flows. Our TCV in the past 
nine months, which is 3 quarters, is 21% higher than the total TCV during the preceding 9 
months. Our effort is to exit the financial year with a higher total TCV than last year and that 
should set us up for a good growth year even for next year. We intend to remain very focused 
on execution as we go forward. 
With this, I hand it over to Kamini, our CFO.  
Kamini Shah: 
Thank you, Angan. A very good day to all of you. I hope all of you are doing well and thank 
you for joining our call. 
Let me take you through the financial highlights for the 2nd Quarter of the current Financial 
Year: 
We have reported revenues of Rs. 158.3 million in Q2 FY’24. This represents a growth of 3% 
quarter-on-quarter in dollar terms. If you had to exclude the impact of Invacare, the inflow of 2 
million that we received in Q1, our revenues would have grown at about 4.4%. On a constant 
currency basis, the comparative numbers are 3.1% quarter-on-quarter and ex of Invacare 4.5%. 
This strong growth has been driven by a combination of sustained account mining and ramp up 
in the deals that are already secured. We have seen growth across all our key accounts with our 
top 20 accounts growing higher than the company average. 
Among the verticals, our growth during Q2 has been led by BFSI and Manufacturing that have 
grown by 5.3% and 4.2% quarter-on-quarter respectively. From a service lines standpoint, while 
the growth has been largely driven by digital and cloud, the ERP and infrastructure service lines 
did not have any inflow from Invacare in Q2, but adjusting for that, these two have also grown 
quarter-on-quarter. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Moving on to margin performance, our EBITDA for the quarter stood at $25 million versus 
$23.5 million in Q1. This implies a 15.8% EBITDA margin which is an expansion of 50 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter. This margin performance has been achieved even after implementing 
an organization wide compensation and promotion increase effective September 1st, absence of 
the one-time Invacare disengagement fee flow, and continuing to make the investments which 
are necessary to drive growth in our business. These headwinds have been offset by sustained 
execution of multiple operational efficiencies that we have been driving, enhancing our 
utilization level, and optimizing our SG&A and discretionary spends. As a result, our PAT for 
the quarter increased to $17.5 million, resulting in a PAT margin of 11.1%. Our effective tax 
rate for the year is expected to be at about 25%. 
Let me briefly touch upon some of the key balance sheet items. We have seen a sequential 
improvement in our quarterly collection during Q2 resulting in better DSO days, which now 
stand at 52 days. I'm very pleased to share that this is the fourth time in six quarters that we have 
recorded a quarterly collection above the $150 million mark and our operating cash flow to 
EBITDA is at about 93%. As a result, our cash and bank balances at the end of the quarter have 
increased by 13.5 million to $173.5 million. As you would have noticed, the board has 
recommended an interim dividend of Rs. 2.50 per share. This reflects our intention to reward 
shareholders for their ownership while also keeping in mind our capital allocation requirement, 
the record date for this dividend payout is 8th November 2023. 
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that our performance during the quarter reflects our ability 
to execute with financial rigor as we navigate our way through the macro headwinds that our 
industry has been facing. As I mentioned earlier, we have been making investments in our 
business and we will continue to do so which is required to create and scale up the capability 
that is required for long-term sustainable growth. We will be focused to win deals, generate cash 
flows and we are also seeing moderating attrition levels. All of this gives us the confidence to 
deliver a healthy performance for the full financial year. 
Thank you very much. Back to you, Abhi. 
Abhinandan Singh: 
Thank you, Angan and Kamini. Moderator, we can open the floor for questions, please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Apurva Prasad from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Congratulations on strong execution in the current environment. Angan, my first question is on 
the $100 million+ large deal, if you could throw some light on aspects that led to this outcome, 
perhaps in terms of deal sourcing, the competencies that supported this win, nature of 
competition and the margin profile? 
Angan Guha: 
So, Apurva, first of all, thanks for attending the call and thanks for asking the question. The large 
deal, like I said, is in one of our existing clients. So, we know the client well, we’ve worked with 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
the client for many years. So, we understand the client’s landscape significantly well. The client 
has trusted our past execution capability and has given us an opportunity to do a large piece of 
work. Now, this has a combination of existing as well as net new and I can only say that net new 
is significant. I can't give you precise numbers because as you can imagine, I'm under NDA from 
the client and as a result, we can’t talk about the client’s name or which industry it belongs to. 
But suffice to say that it is a client that we know of. Now, I feel the reasons Apurva, why we 
won the deal are three: 1) we have executed flawlessly with the client over the last year or so; 2) 
we were able to gain the customer's confidence when it came to the application maintenance and 
the modernization bit of it; and 3) our ability to move the application of the cloud played a 
pivotal role. So, from a combination of great execution in the past, great relationships that we 
have built with the client and our ability to display some of the great capability both around the 
core modernization and the cloud migration helped us win the deal. We displaced an existing 
vendor and the vendor is a Tier 1 vendor. Obviously, I can't give any more details around this. 
Now, we don't talk about individual margin profiles, but suffice to say the current deal that we 
picked up was higher than the current account margins. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Thanks for the color on that. My second question is how should we look at the trade-off between 
growth and margins? And I'm asking this in terms of the room to expand margins further from 
here as you attain higher end of industry growth, this is more medium term? 
Angan Guha: 
So, Apurva, you would recollect that I've always maintained that we will exit this year, 4Q, at 
16% EBITDA, right? Our 3Q will be muted and I will admit 3Q is a shorter quarter. It has got 
furloughs and it's an industry phenomena. So, 3Q will be muted for us, as it will be for the 
industry. But what we are committed to as a management team is to exit 4Q with a 16% 
EBITDA. Now in the medium to long term, I would like to keep the company in that range of 
15.5% to 16.5% EBITDA range as we invest for future growth. See, we are still in an investment 
phase. You know we are going to hire more leadership. We are going to sharpen our domain. 
We are going to create newer and newer service lines and internally we are also investing in our 
own tech transformation which is investing in technologies and tech stacks that we use to run 
our company. And like I keep saying, we are here to build a long term sustainable profitable 
business and not necessarily a quarter-on-quarter business. So, my sense is if I can get to an 
industry level growth and keep the margin at the narrow band of 15.5% to 16.5% or maybe even 
to the 17% ranges, I think that will be a good solid execution on our part. 
Apurva Prasad: 
Just one final bookkeeping one. On the other expenses side, what led to the 10% sequential 
increase? 
Angan Guha: 
We will come back to you on this. [Post script: Please page 11 of this transcript for the response 
to this query] 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Krish Beriwal from Nomura. Please go ahead. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Krish Beriwal: 
My first question is on your new unified delivery structure. When should we expect the benefit 
from it to come in and what kind of margin tailwind can we expect from this initiative in the 
medium term? 
Angan Guha: 
So, Krish, we just have hired Selva as our Chief Operating Officer, but our new unified delivery 
structure has been in practice right from 1st April as I have said in the past. So, some of the 
benefits have already accrued which is why if you recollect, last year our margins were at 14% 
EBITDA and now we have almost touched 15.8% EBITDA even after giving salary hike starting 
1st September. So, the benefits of unified delivery organization. some of the kind of work that 
we execute for our customers, are already in play. As I've said, in the long run we would want 
to report EBITDA margins anywhere between 15.5% to 16.5% to 17% range. Now we may 
make more money than that, but we will invest in our business going forward because we want 
to build a long term sustainable business, so our investment profile will only go up and while 
our investment goes up, we want to keep the margins in that narrow band, which I spoke about, 
Krish. 
Krish Beriwal: 
Understood. That's very helpful. So, Angan, we have now had three quarters of growth with 
consistent margin expansion. Now do you think it is the right time to maybe start looking for 
inorganic opportunities and if yes, then what kind of capability vertical or maybe geography that 
you have in your mind where we can look to improve our positioning? 
Angan Guha: 
So, there are a couple of things I would want to mention. You're right, we've had 3 quarters of 
consistent performance, but we want to deliver consistency over a long period of time. So, we 
are not celebrating victory just yet. That's point number one. Point number two, as I've said 
earlier and I want to mention that again, Q3 will see muted performance. Now I can't obviously 
say what exact the growth we will deliver, hard to say. And of course from an execution 
perspective, the management team will do everything to deliver strong execution led 
performance, but it will be a muted performance just to bring that out on the table. So, you know, 
if you were to take Q3 out of the picture, by Q4 we should be back on good execution led 
performance again. Our belief in the company is that we need to at least deliver 4, 5, 6 quarters 
of good performance, continue to generate positive cash flow as we've been generating, and 
strengthen our balance sheet further before we look for an acquisition. We will definitely get an 
acquisition done, but I can't tell you the timeframe and quite frankly, we've not even started 
looking at it because we are still building the organization, hiring leadership, settling down 
leadership. But my commitment to all of you is that we will focus on in-quarter execution even 
going forward and then once we feel comfortable, then we will look at an acquisition. 
Acquisition, whenever we decide to do it, we will do it in a couple of areas. We will do it in a 
domain that we are comfortable in and a domain that will see tremendous growth. We will do it 
in a technology or a service line that we feel can give us tremendous pivot. It could be a gen AI 
service line, it could be an engineering service line, and we will do an acquisition that helps us 
build capability. We will never acquire a company for revenue aggregation or revenue growth, 
but that has to give us solid capability around the two domains or the two service lines that I 
spoke about. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
Couple of questions. First about the large deal, I think you've covered a lot of detail, but just 
want to understand the number of services or overall offerings covered under it. Just trying to 
understand in terms of cross service index, what progress we are making because this is a fairly 
large deal, so if you can provide some sense how we are able to cross sell number of services in 
our bucket. Second question is about utilization. Now we are already above 86% this quarter. 
So, how one should look utilization over medium term, whether we are comfortable at this or 
you think further scope for expansion? And last question is, just want to get your sense 
considering overall macro uncertainty and different commentaries which we hear from different 
managements. So, if you can provide some sense about vertical outlook, the 4 major verticals 
where we operate? And geographically, Europe seems to be weak, but if you can provide some 
sense, thanks. 
Angan Guha: 
So, Dipesh, couple of things. First of all, the large deal that we have won, we have won from an 
existing client like I have said and like I talked about, we've been able to cross sell lot of our 
services. So, this is application maintenance which is a big service line for us. We are also 
participating in our client’s modernization effort. We are helping the client migrate to the cloud. 
In many ways we are touching all of our service lines, including data and advanced analytics. 
So, it's a combination of multi service lines. And that shows our strength and our customer’s 
confidence in us to trust us with work which is across service lines. In terms of our utilization, I 
think we are on the top end of the industry and improving from hereon is going to be impossible 
quite frankly. We would be happy to keep our utilization in a narrow band of 84% to 86% and I 
think that is the right number to go with. You must also remember Dipesh, we are continuing to 
invest, investing in talent for future growth, including training our people on AI, identifying 
leaders and resources and associates from the market to enable to funnel our future growth. So, 
delivering better utilization I think will stutter our long term growth and we would like to keep 
it in that narrow band. What was your third question? I couldn't get the third question. Can you 
repeat that please? 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, just about the major verticals, if you can provide some demand drivers and geographically, 
US, Europe? 
Angan Guha: 
Thank you, Dipesh. So, look, we are seeing tremendous traction in BFSI and like Kamini also 
called out even in this quarter, the two verticals that led growth for us were Manufacturing and 
BFSI. Healthcare has been a little soft, but I'm very confident that healthcare will sooner or later 
bounce back. Energy & Utilities is our soft sector, but it's an industry trend. If you look at the 
industry in general, the E&U sector has been soft and it's been soft for us. I can't really comment 
when that business will turn around, but that business is definitely a focus business for us. From 
a geography perspective, Americas continue to deliver strong growth to the tune of the fact that 
Americas are now touching 85% to 86% of our overall revenues, but we are focused on the 
Europe market also as you know. And I've said this before, we are hiring a leader to lead our 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
rest of the world business, not because of anything else but because we want to diversify and 
grow the other geographies as well as America continues to deliver strong growth for us. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
If I can squeeze one question, because I think you made two or three comments about utilization, 
moderation, earlier we gave increments intake and then furloughs related Q3 mutedness. So, 
whether these factors put together weigh on Q3 margin trajectory? Thanks. 
Angan Guha: 
So, I can't give exact guidance, Dipesh. As you know, we don't give guidance. I can only say 
that Q3 will be muted, but equally the management team's job is to drive good execution within 
the muted quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shradha Agrawal from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Couple of questions here, Angan. First is we've seen very solid growth in our top 6 to 10 clients 
bucket. So, was it led by some particular account in that bucket or was it some widespread 
growth that you've seen in that band? 
Angan Guha: 
Shradha, first of all thank you for asking that question. So, look, in our top 10 accounts, we see 
widespread growth, but what is even more heartening is that our top 20 accounts have also grown 
ahead of the company average, which is obviously very heartening because that tells us that our 
mining strategy of our top 20 accounts is working well. So, there's no one particular account that 
is growing, I think universally all our top 10 accounts have shown reasonable growth. In fact, 
all our top 20 accounts have shown reasonable growth as well, Shradha. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
Right. And in terms of margins, if I look at the segmental margins, margins in Life Sciences 
have seen a sharp decline on a Q-on-Q basis. So, barring the Invacare adjustment, is there 
anything else to read into it? 
Angan Guha: 
No, there is nothing else to read into it. It is basically the Invacare adjustment. But traditionally, 
you know, if you look at our margin profile, our traditional margin on the healthcare business 
has been a little soft, but we are investing in the healthcare business. This is one of the called out 
verticals that we want to invest in, going forward. We are doing well in Manufacturing and BFSI. 
We are very small. We are still growing and we want to invest in it and we want to invest in 
healthcare. So, it is because of the investment profile, you are seeing a little bit of downtick on 
the margins, but I will not be too concerned about it because we are in the investment phase and 
as you see the business turnaround and get back to growth, you will see the margin also 
improving going forward. 
Shradha: 
And just last question, with appointment of Mr. Selvakumaran, is our leadership team in place 
broadly or are we looking at more senior leadership hiring over the next few quarters? 
Angan Guha: 
Yes, Shradha like I said, we are very focused on the Rest of the World geography as well. So, 
we will hire a CEO for the Rest of the World that is pending. We have made an offer and 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
hopefully the leader will join us towards the end of November or starting December and when 
the leader joins, we will make an announcement. The only other couple of roles that we will 
hire, not at the CXO level though, will be a strategy officer and a growth officer. The growth 
officer like I have said will be focused on partnerships, will be focused on marketing, will be 
focused on analyst relationship and these are technology analysts, not financial analysts, and the 
strategy office will essentially help the CXOs to drive our long-term 3-to-5-year strategy, but 
outside of that, we have filled all the roles, Shradha. 
Shradha Agrawal: 
And sir, just one last question, if I can, what are the trends that we are seeing in the ERP space, 
I understand that it was a flat quarter because of no revenue from Invacare, but otherwise what 
trends are we seeing because last quarter we were sounding quite positive on the service line? 
Angan Guha: 
Yes, now we are still positive, Shradha. So, if you really take Invacare out of the equation, ERP 
has also grown and I think they have grown about 1% quarter-on-quarter outside of Invacare. 
We are very bullish on ERP and like I have said, we have a leader that we have gotten for the 
ERP business. He has joined us about 6 months ago. He is rebuilding his organization. I am 
bullish for two reasons; one is the entire SAP S/4HANA movement will happen by 2027 and 
that represents an enormous opportunity for a company like ourselves. Our capability around 
JDE, there are a very few companies in the world who are still in the JDE business, we are one 
of them and that is the big opportunity for us as well. And the last opportunity that I spoke about 
in the last earnings call is the mid tier manufacturing segment in North America. So, these are 
our target markets. We strongly believe that over the next few quarters, you will see growth 
coming back in ERP, but just to mention Shradha, outside of Invacare, the ERP business has 
grown this quarter, bottomed out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
First question was for Kamani, just to understand the extent of wage hikes that were 
implemented in the current quarter and what was the impact on margins due to the one month 
implementation and the second question was with regards to the extent of furloughs for 
December quarter, if you could help us understand, do you expect normal furloughs or it will be 
much higher than normal and how should we be thinking about the number of working days in 
December versus typically December? 
Kamini Shah: 
Let me answer the second question first. See as far as furloughs are concerned, we are not seeing 
an extended furlough request from our customers at this point of time. So, I think would be range 
of the typical furloughs that we have seen at any point of time, so while we don't discuss specific 
numbers, we are not seeing anything exceptional from a furlough standpoint. As far as the impact 
of the increments are, our increments have been in line with the industry wherever the companies 
have given. It has been about approximately about 90 basis point, which is the impact as far as 
the Q2 numbers are concerned. We would of course have the impact as far as the next quarter is 
concerned, which will be about 2 months of additional impact. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Malik Taneja: 
And the last question was for Angan. Angan, at Birlasoft, the focus over the course of last 2-3 
years was to reduce the long tail of accounts and some of it has continued even into your tenure, 
how should we be thinking about this on a go forward basis and simultaneously the changes in 
terms of our client revenue buckets? 
Angan Guha: 
What accounts? I couldn't quite get your question. 
Malik Taneja: 
Sir, we have been continuing to prune the long tail of accounts and also if you could talk about 
the client metrics in terms of the higher revenue buckets, the changes that we see in the current 
quarter? 
Angan Guha: 
Yes, we continue to prune our accounts and like I have constantly said that we want to work 
with lesser number of accounts, so our accounts have gone down by another 7, if I remember 
right even in this quarter, our accounts have now come down to 278 from 285, so the number of 
accounts are continuing to go down. We will clearly focus on our top 40, top 60 accounts and 
try and grow it from one bucket to the other. Now, we don't exactly report the bucket of accounts 
yet, and that is a best practice we want to get into going forward, but suffice to say that today 
we have a couple of accounts which are above the $50 million range. We have at least one 
account which is above the $75 million range, but eventually we will come back to you with 
reporting in terms of how many accounts are in what bucket. We will continue to focus on our 
top 200 accounts for future growth. I think we have enough real estate in those to continue to 
drive a lot of growth and as you saw in our results and if you see our last 3 quarter results, our 
top 20 accounts have continued to perform better than company average. 
Kamini Shah: 
So, maybe I will just take this opportunity to clarify on Apurva's question, on other expenses 
that have increased. Apurva, this is largely because of subcontractors and we have had additional 
working days as far as quarter 2 is concerned and quite a few of niche skills is what we have 
currently staffed through subcontractors, which is why you are seeing an increase as far as this 
is concerned. So, that is the reason behind it. I just wanted to clarify that. So, that query stands 
concluded during this call itself. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, ma’am. Next question is from the line of Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Mohit Jain: 
One or two questions, one is on TCV, like I think last time when you took over, there was some 
change in incentive plan because of which TCVs were supposed to convert into revenues little 
faster or better, is there something we should expect in FY24-25 or do you think that will take 
some time to reflect? 
Angan Guha: 
Our TCV will definitely convert to revenue for sure because at the end of the day, we are very 
closely monitoring in terms of the orders that we book and what is the correlation to the revenue 
number that has come up. As I had stated in the conversation earlier, you would have noticed 
that I talked about the fact that during the past 9 months, TCV signings have been up 21% over 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
the preceding 9 months. It only says two things, one is we are signing deals, but equally we are 
signing long-term deals. So, that gives us a surety of revenue. Our growth of 3%-3.5% 
consistently for the last 3-4 quarters is testimony to the fact that our order booking is getting 
converted to revenue. Now, what can derail this is of course a leaky bucket, so if projects get 
closed or people get ramped down, this equation becomes hard to depend, but at least going 
forward, we are not seeing that situation as far as our company is concerned. Our order book 
will convert into revenue. It has converted into revenue in FY24 and I don't see anything 
changing in FY25. 
Mohit Jain: 
And the second is related to your margin outlook, like 15.5 to 16.5 per cent seems to be at the 
lower end of the industry, I think from top 20 companies perspective, whereas wage hikes are 
behind hiring may pick up, but subcon you have an opportunity, so is there a scope for this to 
sort of go more towards 17%-18% rather than staying at 15.5% or 16%? 
Angan Guha: 
That is a great question and look, I am not saying we will be at 15.5, I am saying it will be a 
range of 15.5 to 16.5 and it could also go to 17. I mean, it is hard for me to commit on that today, 
but our endeavor will be to drive sharper execution and you must also appreciate that it is not 
that we will not make more money, we will definitely make more money, but I am a strong 
believer that we will invest 1% or 2% of our margin back into the business because we want to 
create long-term sustainability of our business. Like I said, we are embarking on a huge tech 
transformation which both Selva and Kamini will lead and that will need a lot of investments. 
We are creating a domain-led sales organization that will need a lot of investments and as I have 
said in the past that for us to build a long-term sustainable business, investments here and now 
are important. So, I would suspect that in the medium term and the medium term could be a year, 
year and a half, we will be in that 15.5% to 16.5% to 17% range wherever you can call it out, 
but as our business grows beyond the billion dollar mark and touches the $1.5 billion mark, you 
will see margins improving as well because then all the investments will be behind us, but over 
the next 24 months, we will be in the investment mode. 
Mohit Jain: 
And last is on hiring, like if you have any targets to share because our utilization is already high, 
so what should we expect in terms of hiring over the next 12 months or 24 or 25? 
Angan Guha: 
You mean the leadership? 
Mohit Jain: 
No, the employee headcount increase? 
Angan Guha: 
Again that is a little bit of a hard number to give because we are adding headcount, even if you 
see this quarter, we have added headcount, but equally I want to drive a lot of automation and 
drive a lot of nonlinear revenues. So, headcount may not necessarily associate itself to revenue 
growth all the time though. Our endeavor will be to drive a lot of automation and try and get 
revenue on a nonlinear basis, which we will continue to do, but we will continue to add 
employees. Now, it is also a manifestation of the kind of deals that we win and the kind of deals 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
that we are gunning after. So, it is hard to give a number, but I can only tell you for this financial 
year, we will have a positive headcount add. 
Mohit Jain: 
For FY24, alright? 
Angan Guha: 
FY24, correct, yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sandeep Shah: 
In terms of after winning the $100 million deal that you took from an existing account and 
displacing the tier 1 vendor, is it fair to say this can replicate in most of the other existing 
accounts? So, my question is, how’s our large deal set up? I am not asking to close $100 million 
deal each quarter, but is there a set target to have a deal closure about 10, 15 million for the 
quarter because that will set the growth profile in the medium-to-longer term? 
Angan Guha: 
So, Sandeep, that again is a great question and thank you for asking that. Look, we are winning 
lot of $5, $10, $15 million deals. That is our run rate and even this quarter outside of the large 
deal, we have still won about $140-$150 million worth of run rate deals. So, that is now par for 
course as far as Birlasoft is concerned. Obviously, as a management team, we are gearing 
ourselves to close larger and larger deals, but that doesn't mean that we will not focus on smaller 
deals because by nature smaller deals are more profitable. And with Selva coming on board and 
our company now being able to attract great talent, I am also very confident that if we pick up 
large deals, we will be able to execute those large deals and execute them profitably. So, I am 
very bullish around this, but you are right, we will still focus on a run rate basis on winning more 
$10-$20 million deals. Now if you look at our funnel profile, our funnel profile is ever 
increasing. Even after closing a very large deal this quarter, our funnel is back up to one of our 
highest levels and that consists of lot of small and medium sized deals which we will be focused 
on. But like I have always said Sandeep, we will have very superior focus on execution because 
if we can get execution right of large deals, then I am very certain that customers will trust us 
with more and more large deals going forward. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And just to follow up, it is a great execution on large deal as well as client mining. Is it a result 
of changing the variable incentive program and if yes, can you share what has been changed now 
versus what the structure was earlier? 
Angan Guha: 
Sandeep, I think I have said this earlier also. One of the big changes that we have made is we 
are now compensating our people on both profitability as well as revenue. Earlier, it was only 
revenue. Now, we have brought in the profitability angle and I think that is important. We also 
have hunting commission, which is very attractive and the hunting commission, if a leader opens 
a new account, is quite attractive and we will follow through on that, but more importantly, we 
are paying people for performance. We have a LTI plan that Arun, our CHRO, has 
institutionalized on meeting our long-term goals. So, there is a short-term goal and there is a 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
long-term goal. For short-term goal is the bonus and for the long-term goal is the LTI, and LTI 
can be a combination of cash LTI plus ESOPs plus stocks or whatever. So, we kind of pivoted 
to a more performance-based compensation culture than rather than a fixed base compensation 
culture and like I said, as we go ahead and open newer and newer accounts, our incentive will 
be tuned to take care of hunting commissions as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhishek ShindadKr from InCred Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Shindadkr: 
My first question is regarding Q3, you said Q3 will be muted due to furloughs, so do you expect 
a loss of revenue due to furloughs that could bounce back in Q4, would Q4 be more as business 
as usual and that is first? The second is this quarter digital and cloud service lines saw strong 
growth both sequentially and year-on-year, maybe any color could be helpful? And the third 
question is, if I look at the growth of top 5, 6 to 10 and 11 to 20 and also compare that with the 
client metrics for $1 million, $5 million and $10 million, the number of clients in those buckets, 
we have seen a decline in the buckets across the large clients, but the growth is very strong, so 
how should we read these two data points? 
Angan Guha: 
Let me take the first question first. Look Q3, we all know is a short quarter and on top of that 
there are furloughs. As you know it is very hard for anybody to kind of comment in terms of 
where the revenue will exactly lie, but our commitment, as I have always said to all of you is we 
as a management team will be very focused on execution. We will be focused on execution, we 
will be focused on serving our clients, we will be focused on finding newer and newer deals and 
large deals. That is our job and we will continue to do it. Now, where the revenues will fall, we 
will see, we can't give a guidance, we don't give a guidance, so I can't exactly tell you where our 
revenues will be, but in Q4 we will be back to business as usual. You have seen our performance 
in Q4, 1Q and now 2Q and I think 4Q again of this year will be back at that level, but obviously 
it will depend upon how we execute in Q3, which is why the execution in Q3 is important, so 
that is number two. Number three, you must also appreciate that today we don't know what we 
don't know, the situation in the market is very volatile. So, it is very hard for me to give even a 
two quarters out view, but what I am feeling good about is our pipeline, our execution rigor and 
the fact that the customers are willing to talk to us on largish deals and that gives me the 
confidence that going forward, I think the situation will only improve for us as we look at the 
real medium term to the long term. But in the short term because of the quarter we will have 
issues. Now, on the accounts, you must also appreciate that in the large accounts we had Invacare 
last year. We don't have Invacare this year and that makes a big difference, because that shows 
one large account going away. But I can only tell you that the overall set of the top 10 and top 
20 accounts as we call it today have all shown very good solid execution led growth. 
Abhishek Shindadkr: 
And if you can just comment on the service lines, is it Microsoft driven because last quarter we 
talked about a lot about Microsoft? So I am just trying to curious to know the growth in the 
digital and the cloud service line? 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Angan Guha: 
Yes, Microsoft is a large part of our business that continues to show solid growth. I can't give 
you exact numbers because we don't report numbers like that, but from our own service lines 
perspective, like I said, Digital has shown great growth, our Infrastructure business is a growing 
business. The reason you don't see it show up in Infrastructure and ERP service lines growth 
metrics is because it has the hangover of Invacare. But if you take Invacare out, both of them 
have grown well. Our Data & Analytics business is also showing signs of revival, so all service 
lines have grown reasonably and I am pretty confident that going forward all the service lines 
will do well. 
Kamini Shah: 
And Angan, if I may add to that also, I think our Infrastructure business has been growing at the 
company average of growth that we have seen and ERP has been in the range of about 1%. So, 
I think we are confident that the other service lines will also start picking up from a growth 
standpoint. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have Sandeep Shah back in the queue. Sandeep, please go ahead and complete 
with your question. 
Sandeep Shah: 
My question was just bookkeeping on the third quarter. You did mention that it would be a soft 
quarter because of furloughs, but because of strong execution, is it fair to say we can be at least 
in a positive growth trajectory? 
Angan Guha: 
Sandeep, that is hard for me to comment, and we don't give guidance. So, I will not be able to 
answer that question specifically, but there are, I was telling the other folks on the call, two 
things that I can commit to you. We will continue to focus on execution and execution is 
something that is table stakes at the Birlasoft now and we will continue to focus on that, that’s 
one. We will continue to serve our customers well and we will continue to win more and more 
deals. Now exactly where the revenue falls, we will see and it also, like you rightly pointed out, 
has a bearing on margins. And if we can execute well, I am sure we can do well on margins as 
well. But Sandeep, I will really request you to focus on a little bit of a longer term. Q3 is a 
seasonally weak quarter for the industry and for everybody, and we are no different. So, the 
muted 
growth 
that 
I 
talked 
about 
will 
continue 
in  
Q3, but while you were away, I was telling the other folks on the call that if we have a strong 
execution quarter in Q3, then by Q4 we will be back on the kind of performance that we have 
delivered in the first three quarters. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And in terms of margins in 3Q, we will have two months of additional wage hikes, we will have 
furloughs, may have this large deal transition cost because you said it may take 6 months before 
it starts ramping up from April, is it fair to assume directionally margin may decline in Q3 and 
then there could be a strong bounce back in the fourth quarter and from there we can actually lift 
the margin further? 
Angan Guha: 
So, Sandeep, while you were away, I was also telling the team a couple of data points. So, one’s 
on our long-term goal. And again, I can't comment on Q3 specifically, but our long-term goal is 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
to keep the margin within the band of 15.5% to 16.5% to 17% EBITDA, in that range. That 
doesn't mean we will not make more money, we will definitely make more money, but we will 
reinvest that money into our business. We are building our business, which is more domain-
oriented, and we are also embarking on a huge tech transformation within our company which 
will have great benefits in the long term. So, I don't want to kind of be penny wise and pound 
foolish. I want to invest in the business because we are here to create a business for the next 
decade. So, my suggestion and my request is, look at us from a medium to long-term perspective 
instead of a quarter-on-quarter perspective, but in the medium term, I can only commit that we 
will maintain the margins in that 15.5% to 16.5% to 17% range. 
Sandeep Shah: 
And last question Angan, is there any client specific issue outside Invacare in any of the 
accounts? 
Angan Guha: 
No, we don't have any client specific issue outside of Invacare, but again Sandeep, it is a very 
difficult world. We don't know who files for bankruptcy when, but I speak to clients every day 
and as far as we know, all of our clients are healthy. They are doing well and we are serving our 
clients well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, my question is following up on the earlier participants about the furloughs, will it be quite 
high compared to last year Q3 or it will remain consistent? 
Angan Guha: 
Thank you for asking that question. That is an important question. Look, our BFSI business is 
only growing as you see and I am sure you know this already that the majority of the furloughs 
happen in the financial services space and as our BFSI business grows, our furloughs obviously 
will grow. So, to your question, our furloughs will be more than last year only because the BFSI 
businesses are growing. But look, the kind of work that we are doing and with the clients that 
we are doing are very strong. They are big names and we are executing very well for them. So, 
even if the furloughs hit us, it is only a temporary thing which is why I keep saying that we will 
focus on execution and we will see where we land in Q3. But Q4 obviously will be a much better 
quarter. 
Jyoti Singh: 
And sir, another question is that like earlier last quarter we had discussed that we will be focusing 
more on the Banking side as we have more deployment on Insurance, so any update on that you 
can discuss with us? 
Angan Guha: 
Sure, Jyoti, so which is why you see in our results, our BFSI business is continuing to grow. It 
is showing strong growth, and we are investing in that business and I continue to see BFSI doing 
well, but again, in Q3 because of the furloughs and shorter quarter, you may see an impact on 
BFSI. But overall, I am very bullish on BFSI and you will see much more growth from us going 
forward. 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Jyoti Singh: 
And sir, last question from my side, do we have any plan in place for a potential acquisition 
that’s in the cards or in discussion? 
Angan Guha: 
We don't have any acquisition discussion going on currently. We are not even looking at it and 
I think I was telling some other participants that we will focus on organic growth immediately 
for a couple of more quarters, we will look at strengthening our balance sheet, generating more 
cash and then when the time is right and we get the right asset, we will do an acquisition. We 
will never do an acquisition for revenue aggregation, that we do not want to do. We will only 
acquire a company which we find is a strategic fit for us, will build some capability for us either 
on the domain or the technology side and is culturally aligned to our culture. If we find an asset 
like that, we will definitely look at it at that point in time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag K from Ashika Institutional Equities. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag K: 
Sir, I have one question on the furlough side. You mentioned that the growth on Q2 would be 
muted in Q3, so while it will bounce back in Q4, will the trajectory remain intact like what we 
have experienced in the past 3 quarters? Or is it that, due to the impact of the annual budget 
revision, investments, market and the incremental flow, growth will come? And second, on large 
deal pipeline side, are there any other engagements similar to what we have experienced during 
the quarter of $100 million plus kind of TCV in the pipeline? Will we witness some more 
announcements going forward? 
Angan Guha: 
First of all, in Q4 we will definitely do better than Q3. I can't say what Q3 will be, but Q4 will 
be better than Q3. What we have experienced in the past is something that we will gun for, we 
will attempt to get and it is too hard for me to say one quarter out only because the market 
situation is so volatile. Our endeavor will be to deliver sustainable growth as we have delivered 
in 4Q, 1Q and 2Q, that’s number one. Number two, our large deal pipeline is only increasing. 
Do we have more $100 million deals in the pipeline? Well, yes, we do have $100 million deals 
in the pipeline. Will it close in our favor or whether it will close in the next couple of quarters? 
Again, very hard for me to say, Chirag because it is a manifestation of what the client wants to 
do. But I can only tell you, and I have said this so many times before, that as a team we will be 
focused on our execution, our rigor on serving clients, closing deals and helping our clients in 
their transformation journey. 
Chirag K: 
And just one follow up on the first question, what do you think about FY25, situation will revert 
and we move to optimistic scenario than what we have seen in the FY23 or FY24 also? Your 
guidance or any comment would be helpful? 
Angan Guha: 
I don't know, in today's market, as you know it is hard to comment on two quarters out, so 
commenting on FY25 is very tough. I can only say that based on what I can see today, it will all 
depend upon how things shape up in our clients’ space. So, we are staying very close to our 

 
Birlasoft Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
clients. As you rightly pointed out, the budgeting exercise happens in January-February and 
March and we will have more color for FY25 only then. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Angan Guha, CEO and MD, Birlasoft for closing comments. 
Angan Guha: 
Thank you. First of all, I would like to thank all of you once again for joining us on this call 
today and for your insightful questions. I really appreciate your interest in Birlasoft. We have 
had a very good first half of the financial year as you have seen, we have grown our business 
and the growth has been profitable. Our fundamentals are very solid and we have a well 
incentivized team that is building a client centric organization that can take us to the next phase 
of our growth journey. Despite the challenges that our industry is facing, we will continue to be 
focused on execution. I look forward to speaking with you once again next quarter. Meanwhile, 
if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to Abhinandan for any clarification 
or feedback. Thank you once again and talk to you very soon. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Birlasoft Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
(This document has been edited for readability purpose) 
Contact information: 
Mr. Abhinandan Singh, Global Head – Investor Relations 
Email: abhinandan.singh@birlasoft.com 
 
Registered office: 
35 & 36, Rajiv Gandhi Infotech Park, Phase – 1, MIDC, 
Hinjawadi, Pune (MH) 411057, India 
CIN: L72200PN1990PLC059594 
www.birlasoft.com 
 
