{zg} GoODLUCK 
Date: 08.11.2023 
The Manager, DCS 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. 
Phiroze jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 
Ref: Scrip Code: 
- 530655 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Goodluck India Limited 
Corp. Office 
: "GOODLUCK HOUSE" Nehru Nagar, 
Ambedkar Road, Ghaziabad-201001 U.P. (INDIA) 
Ph.: +91-120-4196600, 4196700, Fax 
: 91-120-4196666, 4196777 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 
- GOODLUCK 
As Earlier informed, a Conference Call for the investors and analysts held on Thursday, 02m 
November, 2023 at 11:30 AM IST to discuss the H1/Q2 FY2024 Earnings of the Company. 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid Earning call. 
This is for your information and record. 
Thanking You, 
For GOODLUCK INDIA LIMITED 
RAMESH 
Digitally signed by 
RAMESH CHANDRA 
CHANDRA 
GARG 
Date: 2023.11.08 
GARG 
11:20:52 +05'30' 
RAMESH CHANDRA GARG 
DIRECTOR 
Encl: as above 
Regd. Office 
: 509, Arunachal Building, Barakhamba Road, Connaught Place, New Delhi-110001 (INDIA) 
CIN 
: L74899DL1986PLC050910 
| Website 
: www.goodluckindia.com 
| Email 
: goodluck@goodluckindia.com 
Works 
: A-42 & 45, Industrial Area, Sikandrabad 
- 203205 Distt. Bulandshahr, U.P. (INDIA) 

Goodluck India Limited 
Q2 and H1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
2" November 2023 
Moderator: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q2H1FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call of Goodluck India Limited. We have with us today, Mr. M C Garg, 
Chairman, Mr. Ram Aggarwal 
- CEO and Mr. Sanjay Bansal 
- CFO from Goodluck 
India Limited. 
At this moment, all participants are in the listen only mode. Later we will conduct 
a question-and-answer session. At that time, you may click on the Q&A Tab to 
ask a live question. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Incorporated 
in 1986, Goodluck India Limited 
is 
a reputed and established 
precision engineering and steel products company having an experience of over 
three 
decades. 
The company 
is 
headquartered 
in 
Ghaziabad 
and 
has 
6 
manufacturing 
units 
with 
a 
combined 
capacity 
of 
412000 
MTPA. 
Its 
manufacturing units are located in Sikandrabad 
- Uttar Pradesh and Kutch — 
Gujarat. 
Goodluck’s 
value 
added 
product segments 
includes 
Engineering 
Structures & Precision Fabrication, Forging, Precision pipes & Auto tubes and CR 
Coils, Pipes and Hollow Sections. The company’s products find application in high 
margin-high growth downstream user industries namely, Aerospace, Defence, 
Automobile, Construction etc. The company is ISO 9001:2008 certified and has a 
state-of-the-art NABL (ISO / IEC17025) accredited Quality Testing Lab. As of date, 
Goodluck’s products are exported to over 100 countries and has around 600+ 
customers. 
| would now like to request Mr. M C Garg, Chairman to welcome the attendees. 
Thank you and over to you Sir. 
M C Garg: 
Thank you. Good morning, everybody. 
| welcome you all in the phone call for this 
Q2FY24. 
| really thank you all for your unwavering support and state first belief. 
Your belief in complete mission has been instrumental in our continued success. 
Without your support, it would not have been possible. 
Together we have embarked on 
a remarkable journey of transformation. And 
growth 
and 
the 
heart 
of 
our company 
that 
hosts 
lines, 
an 
unwavering 
commitment to provide maximum value to all our stakeholders. We take pride 
in being India pioneer and living space life, engineering Product Company and 
including converting basic history into quality engineering products. 
We are 
a high value engineered steel product manufacturing. Manufacturing 
presence in precision tube for the inspector and Gl 
5. What gives adequate 
strength and effort disturbance in three decades of experience in manufacturing 
steel products, our strong manufacturing proficiency and total install capacity of 
4,12,000 tonnes MTPA and over 6 manufacturing unit one in Gujarat, 5 in Uttar 
Pradesh. It had been possible because the promoter are envisage from IIT most 
of them. 
I think most of them a global footprint with exports to almost hundred

countries seemed 92 we have been an export first company and state-of-the-art 
quality testing here we have in almost in all the plants. 
The results of the half year and year end, you will note that PAT has gone up by 
55% year on year basis whereas only has gone up by 20%, which has grown 44%. 
Good Luck India Limited has strong performance in Q2 FY24 and X1 by 24 with 
strong focus on sales, production and profitability. Our strategy recently move 
to 
raise capital 
96 crore 
to issuance 
of shares and 
preferential 
basis and 
incorporation of the holy on subsidiary Good Luck defence and aerospace carry 
on with this in the defence sector, far reaching impact on the company's growth 
trajectory. 
This earlier under review 
| was criticised 
by unfavourable global economic 
environment and ongoing market volatility with respect to commodity price 
shocks and tight supply chains, demand for material outstripping supply resulted 
in huge intensive pressure and also led to in concrete of growth barrier to trade. 
But John Company had weathered and mass pass with the flying colours out of 
all 
the 
problems 
around 
us. 
Our engagement 
has 
created 
the 
country 
infrastructure development category for supplier to domestic infrastructure 
complete 
led 
us 
to 
gain 
prestigious 
contract 
of experiential 
bridges 
for 
Hyderabad Mumbai Bullet train project, the deliveries of which have started last 
month. 
Further expand to our market share. We really with this in renewal energy, road 
safety and 
infrastructure 
for railways and 
highways 
to 
propel sustainable 
growth. 
Also, 
| would 
like 
to mention that we have entered 
into 
a joint 
agreement with one of the established European manufacturers for the renewal 
and road safety projects 
in India falls to become the third largest economy 
worldwide by 27-28, and alternative global manufacturing hub with China plus 
one, we are fully here to terms with the main potential for powering steel and 
sweat and scale. Our next three years auto tube of higher habitual and thickness 
such as hydraulic pipe will remain our top priority given us is domestic and global 
potential for this we are actively investing Rs. 170 crore to expand its capacity 
from 50,000 MTPA to 130,000 MTPA. The plant is likely to be commissioned in 
the first quarter of the next financial year. 
As we move forward on this journey, our expertise experience well what we did 
for course will enable us to deliver our growth and value through innovation, 
efficiency, we intend to create lasting value for our shareholder partners and 
society general. Goodluck India fully committed to high standard of corporate 
governance, sustainability and corporate social responsibility. 
I take this opportunity to acknowledge and thank everyone for their support. The 
board and management are committed to ensuring that our trajectory, business 
growth, financial returns and sustained value creation continues. Also, 
| thank 
the 
board 
members 
for 
their 
support 
and 
when 
you 
will 
contribution 
empowering and new India and request their continued support in future. With 
various investments and transformation process we are establishing our values 
and 
become 
an 
enduring 
enterprise 
to 
deliver 
future 
results 
to 
all 
our 
shareholders. 
Now 
| hand over the conference over to Mr Ram Aggarwal, CEO Good Luck, India 
limited.

Ram Aggarwal: 
Welcome everybody. 
| would 
like to advise you of the developments in the 
company. Our strategy is to maximise our bottom line as well as the top line. 
Today as the earlier speaker has told, we are engaged in manufacturing and 
export 
of wide range 
of high valued engineering 
steel 
products including 
engineering 
structures, 
forgings, 
precision 
tubes 
and 
which 
are 
catering 
infrastructure, solar aerospace, defence component, auto, railways, solar and oil 
and gas industry being our summarised sectors. For Goodluck, this was a historic 
H1 with several landmark developments in our progressive journey. 
Our strategy to enhance resilience in an environment of uncertainty contribute 
to our sound performance despite the challenges we reported overgrowth 
driven by our strategic focus on high margin value product high growth sectors 
which help improve our bottom line. We took a strategic decision to transition 
to our solar energy to fulfil our electricity requirement at our plants in Uttar 
Pradesh because today everybody 
is talking zero carbon. Somebody is giving 
2013, somebody is saying 2047. 
So our company has put a step forward in this regard. With this significant step, 
we are expecting to offset over 300 million kg CO2 emission during the project 
technical lifetime. Which 
is equivalent to planting over 6 factories in another 
strategic development, we made significant growth 
in roads into road safety 
products by collaborating with the foreign company. 
Further and OEM customers, our primary USB we undertook several brand 
building initiatives this year. To identify new markets, increase our presence in 
existing markets both in India and overseas to serve our predominant customer 
segment. 
| may call it our USB, ability to constantly shuffle markets and also our 
product mix helps us cater to evolving needs our large customer base, both India 
as well as overseas. We worked out the strategies to maximise one category of 
raw material to keep the stress swelling under one. This reshuffle also ensured 
value addition in existing products and helps us explore new market destinations 
while allaying market pressures during market volatility. 
We have evaluated options to avail an advanced receipt from our customers 
against raw materials 
to manage our working capital adequacy. To ensure 
superior quality standards across all our manufacturing products will imbibe the 
zero tolerance policy across 
all our verticals for every employee undertaking 
regular study of machines and everything we are doing. Capacity utilisation is 
one of the points we are taking most of the care additionally, consistently 
assessing and enhancing our production facilities, conducting R&D for new 
products with the with the same asset as well as machine mechanising and 
digitalizing, our manufacturing operation collectively led to cost reduction and 
enhance our efficiency. 
The negligence software we introduced 
in 
all verticals provided 
us with 
a 
competitive edge 
in market analysis and 
in taking proactive action towards 
stepping new opportunities. We have created our team 
mill 
as our global 
standards to develop new shapes and sizes of top tubes, which is the dialling of 
the market. Right now we also to various training and interactive programmes 
for our employees to help them grow and become our partners in our growth 
story too.

Mr Sanjay Bansal: 
So basically, we are aiming for the 
all sides goes where our customer, our 
employee, everybody is a partner. Value added products will continue to be our 
driving force of future growth. We are working on value addition in high volume 
low margin, Gl business our aim is to add more valuated engineering products to 
our product portfolio by upgrading regular products. 
We are working on expanding the capacities of a high value-added product 
segments, we are expanding our valuation verticals while also transforming our 
low value added to high value added products which will also capitalise on our 
strength in supplying high quality material to defence and aerospace, oil and gas, 
railways and other key sectors in India with newly capacity period capacities and 
measures undertaken to turn around Gl business, we are well positioned to 
benefit from the government's planned infrastructure spending over the next 
few years. 
And 
lastly, we will continue maintaining our strong focus on increasing our 
EBITDA margin and optimising our capital structure to maximise our shareholder 
return. We will continue to invest in equilibrating equipment to enhance our 
productivity, 
we 
will 
continue 
reshuffling 
our product and 
market 
breaks 
through 
flexible 
marketing 
strategies 
to 
further enhance 
our 
operational 
efficiencies and enhance our EBITDA margins. 
Going forward, the rising demand for steel, favourable government policies and 
the conductive business environment are expected 
to 
result into 
an even 
brighter future for your company. 
Now 
| hand over this conference call to Mr Sanjay Bansal, CFO Company to 
apprise you of our financial performance for H1FY24. 
On behalf of Goodluck, welcome you 
all 
for joining 
us 
for conference on 
performance of the company in Q2 and first half year financial year 2024. 
Regarding Q2 performance. Stand-alone the sales were increased to Rs. 885.99 
crores as against Rs.779.20 crores during Q2 of previous years, registering 
a 
growth of 14% above. However, EBITDA for the quarter stood at the rate of 8.3% 
of the sales of Rs.73.68 crores as against Rs. 51.37 crores during Q2 of previous 
year, the 
profit before tax, 
including other comprehensive income was 
at 
Rs.45.96 crores 
in quarter? 
as compared 
to Rs.27.95 crores 
in quarter to 
a 
previous year, however PAT Q2 of current year was Rs. 34.70 crores as against 
28.59 crores in Q2 of current year, registering a growth of 21% Q on Q basis. 
The performance of the company in H1 of current FY 2024, the sales has been 
increased by 9%. EBITDA margin has improved to Rs.144.55 crore with EBITDA 
margin rate 8.29% of net sales as against 6.53% during last six months of financial 
year 2023. However, 
the 
PAT margins 
have increased 
to 
Rs.63.29 
crores, 
registering a growth of more than 50% as compared to first half of the previous 
year. Earnings per share has been at Rs.12.73 per share in Q2 of current year as 
against Rs.7.83 per share during Q2 of previous year. However, EPS of the 
company six months of current financial year for stand-alone was at Rs.23.22 per 
share on financial front, our interest cost has marginally gone up due to increase 
in level of activity during first 6 months of current year as compared to previous 
year. Also, employee salary and benefits have been increased due to annual

Moderator: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
increment and increase in level of activity as compared to previous year. Thank 
you very much. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our 
first question is from the line of Aditya Javar from AJ Capital. Please go ahead. 
Thanks for the opportunity. Great head of numbers from management. 
| have a 
couple of questions. First is related to working capital. 
| see the working capital 
is stretched so 
| want the breakup of working capital in each segment. Which 
segment is taking the lot of working capital? That is the first question. 
You see working capital segment wise retail is not readily available, but overall 
working capital requirement is within the norms of the industry and it is perfectly 
being operated and up to the mark. As far as fund availability is concerned. 
What is the working capital base currently? 
Working capital total fund based on non-fund based both are 600 crores. 
In number of days. 
for 40 days about 
OK. Any plans to decrease this working capital or this will be 
in steadily in 
numbers? 
Always, we try to decrease the working capital. 
OK. And the second part is if 
| see your data right, 
| think forging and precision is 
having the high margin business and the other two are dragging. So how do you 
see going forward, our margins coming? Currently it is at 8%, can we achieve 
10% margin? That is the first question. And the second question 
is, 
if you see 
you're mixing a bad business with the good business. So is there any timeline to 
demerge because we are having a lot of companies under one roof so there are 
any plans of demergering the different business to get the value accretion for 
the shareholders? 
Well, basically if you see there is no bad business we have. As 
| had already stated 
that the Gl business which you are saying it is a low margin business, we are just 
transforming it into the solar business which is a high margin business. So there 
is a process of transformation of the product which are taking lesser EBITDA. We 
are trying to convert 
it into higher EBITDA with the same assets. We just go 
through my speech and there 
| am specifically told it. And the removal plant is 
not on the table because our most of the verticals are doing good and the 
verticals which are having a big issue we are transforming it. So the demerger is 
not on table right now. 
And margin guidance for the next one or two years. 
So basically right now this year 
it will be almost 8.4- 8.5 EBITDA and in the coming 
2-3 years it will be reaching to 9.5 plus.

Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Darshil Pandya: 
Management: 
Darshil Pandya: 
Management: 
So basically it is a mix change or it will be basically Gl fives also contributing. It is 
a change of the product profile. 
Basically what we are doing a value addition will be giving more and the lesser 
value addition it will be giving less. 
It will increase this quarter with sales itself 
showing our sales have increased by 20%. But whereas our profits are served by 
70%. So what we are doing transforming business because there are new 
opportunities in the market and we are taking those opportunities but using our 
same what we have. The asset base we are having the same. So margins are 
increasing. 
And the long term debt are we trying to decrease? 
Definitely, every year some long term is going back. It is being repay. 
In the next two years there do you plan to decrease significantly by 50%? 
Yes, we always aim that the long term should be zero, but particularly it is not 
possible but we are trying. 
On the revenue part for this year, it is Rs. 3500 crores, in the next two years it is 
Rs. 5000 crores. Do we stand with that still? 
This year it should be 3500 crore. Next year it should be 4000 crore and then it 
should be 4500 plus because of third year, 
| cannot see right today. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Darshil Pandya from Finterest 
interest Capital, please go ahead. 
We know that you don't give an order book status, but any visibility or the last 
time that you gave on all the segments. 
Basically we have 5 verticals and ever and every vertical has a different order 
book size. But in all if aggregate you will see. So there is an order book of almost 
3 to 4 months in the regular products and where these are the infrastructure 
projects, there is an order booker tendency of nine months to one year. 
And Sir, 
| would like to hear some more developments from defence and solar. 
What is the thought purposes of the management of these two segments where 
you are seeing some good traction? 
Basically solar, everybody 
is looking to solar because the thermal capacity, 
thermal power nobody wants to use and with the powers, with the stressors 
going on, everybody wants less reliance on the oil. So solar is definitely and we 
are having an edge because we are doing a tetra tube in there. It's a new field, 
but everybody is trying to put gigawatts in terms of this tetra tube and we are 
pioneering making the tetra tubes. 
So, in solar we look forward in the coming 2-3 years. It will transform to the right 
now business what we are suppose it is 50 crores so it will be 10X times business 
in next three years. 
In terms of solar and in defence, what we have asked in

Darshil Pandya: 
Management: 
Darshil Pandya: 
Management: 
Darshil Pandya: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
defence, definitely we have been working for last 4-5 years we are making some 
products for the defence because there are prototypes are made and then order 
comes it's a slow process, but we have been doing with many products and now 
we understand that it's the time to go for a big production for scaling up. So we 
will be making more products in our Goodluck defence and aerospace in the 
coming years. 
And Sir, have you seen any shift in the export business as a percentage of the 
total revenue? 
Percentage of an export business will remain same with the growing volume, the 
volume and export will grow, but percentage may not grow much. 
And one last question Sir, what is the current on the new plant that is coming up 
on Q1 FY25, what is the current status of that? Last time we had it was the land. 
As the land was purchased and orders for machines. 
Land acquired develop the building 
is coming 
up, which 
will 
be ready 
by 
December and the plant completion should start by end of January. And we are 
on right track to commission the plant in the first quarter of the next year. 
And how much time does it take to come up to the optimum utilisation? 
The ramping of our capacity will take minimum six months 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush Agarwal from SOIC LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
So, first question, what is our capacity expansion plan in each and every one of 
our divisions because in 14 units we are also doing some capacity expansion. Can 
you just give us the numbers of the capacity expansion? 
Basically, our total capacity 4, 12,000 tonnes what we have given and it is divided 
in five verticals. So, the division we can give you later on. You can go with the 
other question. 
So just for our understanding in the forging unit and the precision engineered 
tubes. Precision engineer tubes we have the capacity expansion and what are 
the capacity expansion that has the forging unit specially? 
In forging unit we were on present defence. In an addition to the forging capacity 
only all the items which will be making for every present defence will be adding 
to the forging capacity only. As on date our capacity of forging is 30,000 tonnes 
which is likely to go up to 50000 tonnes in next two years after commissioning 
of this terrorist prison defence plant, it will take 1 and a half years. 
Right, and so what is the EBITDA part fund that you're doing in the forging unit 
right now. And do we expect that to increase? 
Right now itis 12 to 13% improvements and the products addition it will increase 
in the coming years.

Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Rohit Pawar: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Vivek Gautam: 
Right. And 
it's just targeting this different vertical, don't you think that the 
working capital will stretch a bit more on that will be compensated by the margin 
side? 
I'm not able to hear you. Can you repeat your question? 
This is defence vertical like in this forging unit that we are targeting. So don't you 
think are working capital will increase a bit or will that be compensated by the 
higher margin? 
Definitely higher margins will reduce the working capital requirement. 
Right. And sir like after all, expenses are done and all this value addition work is 
done, do we expect that EBITDA margins on 
a consolidated 
basis 
to start 
increasing in next one or two years? 
Our aim is to increase the bit of margin progressively. Which you are finding the 
trend for last one year and it will continue at least for next two year the EBITDA 
margin are going to improve. Our aim 
is to achieve a 10% EBITDA margin next 
three years for or 9.5 to 10%. 
Thank you. 
My 
next question 
is from 
the 
line 
of 
Rohit Pawar from 
RIB 
investments. Please go ahead. 
So my question is, in accordance to the Gati Shakti National Master Plan, we are 
pleased to be a significant player. So may 
| know the competitive advantages 
that our company have? 
Yeah, Gati Shakti National Master Plan, government is putting all the focus on 
the infrastructure project products and we are there to serve from northern 
region, we are there to serve from Western region. So we have one competitive 
advantage basically in all the new coming trains. There are Vande Bharat train 
160 kilometre there is bullet train 348 kilometres. So we are going for the higher 
speed detection, where fabrication is quite difficult and surpass those difficulties 
and now we are the one 
of the premium companies who can make these 
technical and critical budgets for the railways for the NECI. So 
| think we have 
better place for this Gati Shakti Plan. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from the 
line 
of Vivek Gautam from 
GS 
investment. Please go ahead. 
Our Company got listed in 90s and was sleeping for a very long time. Good part 
is that unlike so many companies which came with IPQ's in 90s and disappeared, 
our company is still there and what has been the recent result change for which 
the company performance started improving? Is it the next generation is coming 
in and you have been always very highly educated from IIT and ISM some of the 
quality. But what changed have been the triggers of late wherein the company 
performance started improving and the major concern 
is on the commodity 
business of GI Pipe. So basically, how long will it take to move from that low value

Management: 
Vivek Gautam: 
Management: 
Vivek Gautam: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Manan Shah: 
Management: 
Manan Shah: 
Management: 
to high value? And you can also tell about the opportunity size for us in different 
segments. What is the growth of rate we expect in time to come? 
Sir, 
I must tell you quickly, we were growing all the time investing from 2005 to 
2018, we kept on investing and it is the time has come of the take off stage 
| 
should say. And now the products have come of age. Indian policy has changed 
in, an environment of business has changed and we are trying to avail the 
opportunity and ramping our production capacity and that is the only trigger. 
Our policy has been incrementally low investment, high returns really what we 
are doing, 
all the production facilities are being streamlined to have a better 
production. That is why you see for last three years they have been growing at 
every rate of 20%. And we expect to continue to grow at that rate, we are not in 
a hurry to grow at 100%. And consolidate our achievements and march forward 
that is the only reason. 
Can you tell something about the next generation, Sir? Who 
is now taking 
interest in the business? 
They are not only taking interest they are in charge of the business. They are all 
in charge of the business doing their work. Old men are only watching them. 
Your promoter quality as far as the education part goes, is almost second to none 
in 
India and 
| am 
not very sure that people might 
be aware about your 
background. And so what is the opportunity size and the growth rate which we 
expect and the commodity business that is the major concern Gl pipe? And how 
long will it take, we can move to high valuated segment? When will the CapEx 
get completed? 
Sir, 
| must say that the advantage here for raw materials, commodity our 
products are engineered. We take advantage being our raw material being 
commodity and our products are not commodity. We add value to our each 
product made. 
It 
is pleasing 
to the customer requirement that 
is the only 
advantage here. Thank you. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Manan Shah from Money Bee 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Sir. The 20% growth 
that we witnessed 
this 
quarter. 
So which segment 
contributed to this growth? If you can highlight little bit on that part. 
Auto Tube segment as giving boost to this 20% development. However, the other 
segments have also contributed, but significantly if you want to know it is the 
Auto Tube segment which is given the boost. 
And now with this volume that we did in the past quarter, 
| believe we would be 
at optimum 
utilisation 
across 
our 
all 
segments. 
So 
are we confident 
of 
maintaining this volumes and 
is there any possibility of any debottlenecking 
whereby we can achieve higher volumes in the upcoming quarter? 
| can tell you debottlenecking is an ongoing process, continuous process. 
It is 
happening. And this is what we are doing and the growth will continue with least 
of investments. Improving the balancing equipment is our core. By like that 
| give

Manan Shah: 
Management: 
Manan Shah: 
Management: 
Manan Shah: 
Management: 
Manan Shah: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Management: 
you 
an example 
in 
metallics that 
in the Gujarat 
plant, we have made an 
investment around 20 crore. It will add value of almost 300 crore annually to us. 
It will improve export, declining exports of the country. It will give a boost to us 
in exports. This 
is what we are doing in every plant. 
In the debottlenecking 
everywhere, continuing the exercise. This is what our R&D department keeps on 
working. 
Secondly, on the forging side in the earlier comment you mentioned that we 
make around 
12 to 13% the margins 
in the forging segment. Now when 
| 
compare with other listed forging players, like MM forging or RK forging, it seems 
we are on the lower side of the range in terms of margins. So why is there any 
differential that we do? Is it the product because of which our margins are only 
12-30%, not upwards of 15 to 18% sort of margins? 
| perfectly agree with you. Our volumes are lower, costs are higher. We are 
working out on 
it. The extra and faces on adding products of defence and 
aerospace will bridge the difference very soon. You will see in coming years the 
difference of this year we will better than this. 
So the incremental business that we are looking to add in the forging segment, 
the defence, so what sort of margin do those products? 
Much better than what others are doing. 
OK, understood. So what sort of CapEx are we looking at in this forging segment? 
It is under planning right now. We will let you know when the time comes, when 
we will float it, we will let you know. But the plan 
is on the table and we are 
working on. 
So 
| asked because we announced in this press release that we are again looking 
to raise more funds because 
| believe a couple of months back only we raised 
funds around 66 crore by issue of warrants, which 
| believe was to for the forging 
segment. Now again, we are looking to raise more funds. So just to get an idea 
of what sort of CapEx are we looking at and what sort of funding are we looking 
at? 
Rs. 66 crore raised for expansion plan in auto tube section and fresh issue of 
shares further investment in subsidiary about Rs. 40 crore, capital expenditure 
of new debottlenecking equipment Rs. 14 crore and repayment of some loans 
the company want to prepay the loans so we will repay existing loan so that 
interest burden may reduce. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harsh Mulchandani from Kriss 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congrats on this set of numbers. Wanted to 
understand when we see a significant contribution of the new segments defence 
and aerospace touching say 10%. Do we expect that to happen in next two to 
three years or it will take even a longer time frame to reach that number? 
It should have been within the next four years, not three years.

Harsh Mulchandani: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Aditya Javar: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Piyush Agarwal: 
Management: 
Got it. And another question which 
| had was around 
if you could provide us 
segment wise split as 
| think was asked in the previous question also of volumes, 
so 
| understand that auto etc 
is doing well for us but going forward which 
segment would pick up and drive for us, along with defence etc would also be a 
growth driver. But just wanted to understand that you also have these value 
added products which are kicking in across. So how do you see the volume pickup 
also happening along with these expansion of value in terms of EBITDA? 
There are other sectors as well which we are doing well. The one is the infra 
sector because India 
is doing for infrastructure and that's one sector we are 
expanding and in coming 2-3 years you will see a good portion of our turnover 
comes from that sector and a good portion of margin comes from there along 
way policing you have already mentioned. The 4th one is the solar, the solar 
segment which we have 
just started a year back, it will add to the bottom line, it 
will add to the top line. 
So these four sectors, Auto Tubes, our forgings, our infrastructure and solar, 
these four sectors will drive the company into future. 
Thank you. Our next question 
is from Aditya Javar from AJ Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Thanks again, Sir. You said on the working capital side 40 days, right? How are 
you calculating working capital? Because when 
| match with my number, 
| did 
not get that. 
Sir, you kindly send us your query over e-mail. We will provide detail working on 
it. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush Agarwal from SOIC LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
So 
| just had a suggestion if we can have the volume wise breakup of each and 
every segment in our PPT and also our Capex also capacity expansion by it will 
be taking see where all we are spending there because we have 4 to 5 units. So 
for investors which sometimes becomes extremely difficult to check where the 
capacity actually is going, where the capital is allocating all this segment is going, 
so if you see the suggestion from our side. 
Mr. Agarwal, can you speak a little slower? Please repeat your query. 
So, Sir, it was this suggestion from our side in the presentation that if we have 
the volume breakup of each and every segment and also the capacity expansion 
plan for each and every segment, so that we investors can get a better idea to 
judge your company. 
Sure, Sir. You will see the PPT there, there's the details you are seeking for. Those 
details are available there. Our Secretary will send you.

Moderator: 
Apoorv Singh: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Nirvan: 
Management: 
Nirvan: 
Management: 
Nirvan: 
Management: 
Nirvan: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Apoorv Singh from Panchratna 
Investors. Please go ahead. 
Hi, Sir. Congrats for the numbers. 
| just wanted to understand some visibility on 
the different side order book of visibility given the CapEx we're doing. So it will 
be really helpful to understand what we are looking in the future there. 
We are already supplying for the last few years for photos in Brazil system and 
the photos have been approved. The production orders are expected anytime. 
Now we are embarked upon in narrow for the defence subsidiary, really making 
components for defence for which they are asking to be a very big export market. 
At least two very big export market and this project is being lined up is on the 
blueprint drawing board and the implementation should take place in whether 
1 and a half year the visibility is very bright. We are expecting a mixture of the 
plan could be a game changer for the company's growth trajectory. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nirvan Laha, who's an investor. 
Please go ahead. 
| just wanted to understand your H1 sales volume scheme. And if you can call 
out the volumes in the forging segment and the precision segment separately 
for H1 and for the same period last year. 
Current six months we achieved 
1, 83,000 metric tonnes, volume so detailed 
working we will provide you kindly send us the e-mail. 
What was the same number for last year? 
Both the information we will provide you. 
Alright. And my second question is if 
| look at your cash flow from operation and 
compare it to your EBITDA over the last many years, the ratio is actually quite 
low something like 40% and this has consistently been the trend. So this means 
that free cash flow generation has been quite low because we have consistently 
invested a lot in fixed assets. So what is the plan to improve this? Because 
| can 
see that receivables and rent inventories have consistently eaten into your cash 
flow from operation. So is there a focused effort to improve this because it can 
then improve your debt to equity ratios and even prevent future capital raise? 
We are always endeavour to improve the cash flow and we are raising the funds 
to repay the existing loans also 
in order to improve our ratios. 
So this 
is 
continuous 
process 
and 
we 
are 
doing 
our 
efforts 
to 
make 
the 
profit 
maximisation. 
Sir, actually raising capital to pay off debt will not improve your operating cash 
flow. So 
I'm trying to focus on your inventory. That was my question that 
operating cash flow are you seeing or do you have any targets of improving that 
so that we become a positive free cash flow company because for the last 2-3 
years we have not been able to generate free cash flows. So, is there a focused 
effort towards improving operating cash flows?

Management: 
Moderator: 
Gunjan: 
Management: 
Gunjan: 
Management: 
Gunjan: 
Management: 
Gunjan: 
Management: 
Moderator: 
Ram Agarwal: 
Yes, Sir. In fact, as our management told you that EBITDA margin next 2-3 year 
would increase to 9.5% 
as against 8.40% currently. So definitely operation 
margin will improve and it will improve the cash flow. 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay. 
Please go ahead. 
So 
| wanted to understand sorry join the call a little late if you have answered, 
wanted to do if the export revenue in FY22 was much higher than effect 23, there 
was 
a slowdown in the demand. So right now how are we seeing the export 
market particularly for our tube and the forging business? And what's the kind 
of order book as on 2023, we closed over the book of 900 crore. So what's the 
sign of all the books that we expect right now and what kind of visibility we have 
for 5-6 months? 
We have almost 25 years of exports. Performance with us as on date last year, 
we achieved nearly 1000 crore, year before also we achieved 1000 crore exports 
and this year also we are likely to achieve in spite of the headwind in the export 
market, Indian export flowing, we are adding increase incremental capacity to 
improve and heavy in the export market and we expect to clock under 900 
thousand crore to this year also. 
900,000 crores in FY24, also, it's continues from export markets. 
Now look in spite of Indian export going down the world demand is going down. 
We'll maintain our share of exports. Our quality, commitment and consistency 
of export gives us the advantage over others. 
And so what's the kind of all the order books that we have right now. 
Almost two months. 
Is it possible to share the numbers for exports. 
| mean not for exports generally 
for the overall business. 
| was trying to understand what the order book that we 
have right now is. 
Basically, there are 5 verticals and every vertical has different order book. So if 
you 
take 
the further general 
order 
in 
3 
and 
a 
half months 
but further 
infrastructure products 
like forging 
like bullet train, there 
is 
a visibility of 9 
months to 12 months. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question and 
answer session. As there are no further questions. 
| would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr Ram Agarwal, CEO of Goodluck India Limited for closing 
comments. 
I thank you everybody for joining this on call and in my closing comments, 
| would 
like to put some light on what we are doing in defence and aerospace because 
every everybody was wanted to know what we are doing. 
Basically we have been doing in defence and there was aerospace for the last 
four or five years, but it all was on the photo basis. But now with the results,

M C Garg: 
Moderator: 
what we have seen in last 4-5 years and with the Indian Government giving an 
impetus on Make in India for all the products. Normally if you go two years back 
there were almost 100 million imported in India. But now government has put a 
target of at least 30% made in India. So with this impetus we have started getting 
many inquiries. We have started getting many orders. And we thought it is the 
right time with our experience and with our planting machines, then we thought 
to put to scale this defence and aerospace business and for this we are already 
going to give 40 crores in the coming fund raising. So we hope these products 
will give a turnover almost 300-400 for additionally after 3-4 years. 
It will take 
time but it will give with a very good margin. It will give a very good top line, it 
will give a very good EBITDA margin. So we all pay then we will get this. 
And for Goodluck, we will try to put like in solar we have said not put up any new 
plant but we have used our old plant and we transformed it to make these solar 
tetra tubes. So it has given us the advantage by putting no more money we have 
got good bottom line. We will be trying this all for our all products and we go 
forward with your support. We hope that we will have the new heights. 
Sir, 
| would like to emphasise the policy of Goodluck is no volume without value 
and no value without volume. There is our tagline of any development decision 
we take in Goodluck. Thank you. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Goodluck India Limited, that 
concludes today's session. Thank you for your participation. You may now 
disconnect your lines.
