 
 
 
November 6, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 021 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip Code:  500271  
 
 
 
Scrip Code:  MFSL 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call  
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call held on November 1, 
2023 post declaration of Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2023, is enclosed.  
The 
same 
has 
also 
been 
uploaded 
on 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://www.maxfinancialservices.com/static/uploads/financials/earnings-call-
transcript-q2fy24-06-11-23.pdf 
You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
for Max Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
 
Piyush Soni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
PIYUSH SONI
Digitally signed by PIYUSH SONI 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=8dd0cddff2ef195403957ee938e595bb, 
2.5.4.20=bfd6755985f67f4a853852181c0a856a4323027b
9e4fb25340aeda6e9ae4a361, postalCode=482001, 
st=MADHYA PRADESH, 
serialNumber=256dce49fca826b6e56b9b5468a1ed6c030
ebc32e2ba7933bef4cf28009b0f53, cn=PIYUSH SONI 
Date: 2023.11.06 21:40:46 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
Max Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 01, 2023 
 
 
Moderator:  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Max Financial Services Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amrit Singh, Chief Financial Officer, Max 
Financial Services Limited and Max Life Insurance Company Limited. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Amrit Singh: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the earnings call of Max Financial 
Services for the half year ended September 2023. We made our results available 
on our website as well as on Stock Exchange last evening. I hope you got an 
opportunity to go through it. Today, I'm again joined by Prashant Tripathy, MD 
and CEO of Max Life Insurance. And I will hand to Prashant to actually share the 
developments of the first half. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Thank you, Amrit. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for being on the call. 
Let me first begin by giving you a quick update on the Axis transaction. As you may 
recall, in quarter 1, we had received approval from Max Life and Max Financial 
Services' Board regarding Axis Bank infusing INR 1,612 crore. Post that approval, 
MFSL has received shareholder consent and we have initiated the regulatory 
approval process with IRDAI and PFRDA. 
 
At this point of time, our proposal is moving forward. We had received the first set 
of query, we are in the process of responding. We are actively collaborating with 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
the regulators for completion of these procedures. And I'm very hopeful that over 
the next few weeks, we'll make good progress. 
 
Transitioning to our business update, I'm pleased to report that Max Life has been 
able to accomplish significant growth outcomes, and we have picked up pace 
consistent with some of the updates I've been sharing with you over the last few 
quarters. I'm now going to outline accomplishments against the called-out areas, 
four or five areas, which are of strategic importance to us. 
 
Firstly, as you may recall, we are trying to build a predictable and sustainable 
growth by focusing on enlarging and building distribution. And in the second 
quarter, our individual adjusted first year premium saw an impressive increase of 
32% compared to 16% growth in the private sector. This growth was primarily 
driven by a remarkable 34% increase in the number of policies, indicating a robust 
market demand and our superior execution capabilities. If one were to compare 
the number of policies growth for private versus Max Life Insurance, our growth 
will be almost 3x.  
It is crucial to emphasize that this growth was not limited 
to a specific area, but permeated to all key aspects of our business, including 
distribution, product innovation, technological prowess and customer service. Our 
proprietary channels witnessed substantial expansion with the Annual Premium 
Equivalent (APE), surging by 50% in this quarter. This growth was particularly 
prominent in both online as well as offline proprietary channels. In the online 
sales, we maintained our leadership position in the protection segment and 
successfully entered the savings segment last year. I'm delighted to announce that 
in quarter 2, we achieved a leadership position in the savings segment as well. 
This area is a very dynamic and with the progress that we've been making, I'm 
very hopeful that we will be able to strengthen our overall position in savings 
area. This accomplishment was possible due to our deep understanding of the 
digital landscape, coupled with a comprehensive product strategy tailored for 
online success. 
 
In off-line space, Agency channel experienced renewed growth through new agent 
activations and adviser recruitments, experiencing a growth of 62% in 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
recruitment. Additionally, our direct customer acquisition channel saw 
improvement in efficiency and contributed significantly to the overall growth. 
                                           Our Banca channels also demonstrated strong growth, driven by momentum in 
sales in Axis Bank. In quarter 2, our bank channels, APE experienced an impressive 
growth of 30%. 
 
Furthermore, as a part of our strategic efforts to enhance our distribution 
network, we successfully onboarded eight new partners during the second 
quarter of FY '24. This included a strategic partnership with AU Small Finance Bank 
in the digital space.  
                                           Our ongoing initiatives to scale up our offices is progressing well, and we 
anticipate sustaining this positive sales momentum as we go forward. 
 
Talking about product innovation and its impact on margins. Quarter 2 was also 
fuelled by introduction of new and competitive products offerings, aimed at 
capturing a larger market share. In line with our growth objectives, we have 
introduced two offerings in the market. Firstly, we launched industry-first index 
on focusing on small cap in unit-linked insurance plan design, achieving huge 
success. And we also launched a new product called SEWA, where we expanded 
into Health and Wellness sector through our flagship product design Secure 
Earnings and Wellness Advantage Plan. 
 
This pioneering offering integrates health, protection, savings, and holistic 
wellness benefits, catering to the evolving needs of today's consumers. SEWA 
provides comprehensive coverage, including hospitalization, ICU, surgery, critical 
illness, disability, and life cover solution, which brings many, many things under 
one platform. Additionally, customers gain access to Max Fit wellness digital app, 
encouraging a disciplined and healthier lifestyle by offering enhanced maturity 
benefits. 
 
Alongside these offerings, our participating offering launched in quarter 1 has 
garnered substantial success revitalizing this segment. These innovative products 
have resulted a well-balanced product mix in the first half of the year. On Annual 
Premium Equivalent (APE) basis, the product mix comprises 21% participating, 

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
26% non-participating products under Savings category, 30% Unit-Linked, 6% 
Annuity and 17% Protection. 
 
We continue to gain traction in the two identified focus areas for Max Life, which 
are retirement offerings and product Protection and Health. In the first half of the 
year, the Protection and Health segment experienced a growth of 55% and the 
annuity sales increased by 217% on APE basis. This growth in annuity sales 
stemmed from both single premium as well as limited premium plans. 
Additionally, Max Life Pension has achieved asset under management of 
approximately INR 409 crore as 30 September 2023. 
 
Since morning, I went through a few analyst reports where there were issues 
highlighted with respect to the margins of Max Life insurance. I must like to 
highlight that margins of a life insurance company in the context of quarterly sales 
are very dependent on the types of products that we launched. As I shared in the 
first half of the year, there was a lot of focus on participating as well as unit-linked 
plan. And within unit-linked to drive the online sales momentum, we had 
launched an index-linked plan where inherently the margins are lower. So as a 
result of that, the first half margins appear to be 24%, quarter 2 was 25.2%, and 
the margin is on an upward trajectory, however, lower than last year. 
 
Max Life Insurance had guided that we would be in the range of 27% to 28% by 
the time we finish the year. Our second half margins historically are always higher 
than first half, and I'm very hopeful that through the bouquet of products that we 
are going to launch in the second half, predominantly focused on non-PAR will 
rebalance the overall mix in favor of those products, which will drive margins. And 
I remain optimistic to hit the 27% to 28% target. So that's -- I just wanted to state 
upfront about our margin situation On the third element of customer obsession 
across the value chain. At Max Life, our steadfast dedication revolves around 
providing our customers with a substantial value proposition and continually 
striving to enhance the overall experience. Our exceptional claims rate ratio of 
99.51% in FY '23 serves as an evidence of our unwavering commitment to 
customer obsession. 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
In first half '24, we are delighted to observe a 3-point enhancement in our overall 
company Net Promoter Score rising from 52 to 55. I would like to highlight that 
Net Promoter Score methodology, not just focuses on transactions, but also on 
relationship vectors. Across the transaction NPS, our current NPS is about 72, 
which is really quite superior on the transactional basis. 
 
Furthermore, Max Life proudly maintains its position as a market leader in terms 
of 13th month persistency on number of policies. Specifically, our 13th month 
persistency of regular limited pay premium stood at 84% and our 61st month 
persistency was at 58% for the period ending September 2023 achievement 
underscores the trust and loyalty of our policyholders in Max Life. 
 
Talking about some of the digital initiatives that we undertook to drive efficiency 
as well as intelligence. Our focus on technology touches various aspects of our 
operations, including product launches, prospecting, onboarding and customer 
service. By leveraging agile methodologies, we have achieved operational 
excellence and high-end efficiency. We introduced the Max Fit App, our health 
and wellness platform for customers purchasing the SEWA product, as I shared 
earlier. This app offers important features such as vital tracking, physio connect, 
health checkup, doctor consultation, chronic disease management and discounts 
on labs enhancing customer experience significantly. 
 
Our prospecting methods have been enhanced through mSMART, a tool for all our 
new partners, and a renewal management system is now live for our major Banca 
partners. Over the last 18 months, we have completely transformed our activity 
tracking as well as onboarding methodology for all our distribution partners. 
Furthermore, our cloud infrastructure has been reinforced with our core systems 
going live on cloud, a pioneering step in the industry and in the country. This 
move is integral to our legacy modernization efforts, providing greater resilience 
through near real-time disaster recovery and scalability. 
 
We are informed by Oracle that we are the only second company in the world to 
move the Ingenium core system to cloud. In our pursuit of leveraging AI 
capabilities, we introduced SalesGenie, a generative AI-based virtual training 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
companion for frontline sales. Additionally, a gen AI based SEWA bot pilot was 
launched for customer service team query resolution specific to queries on SEWA 
products. These initiatives highlighting our unwavering commitment to digital 
transformation and utilizing cutting-edge technologies to enhance customer 
experience and operational efficiencies. 
 
In summary, our strategic initiatives to fuel our growth are yielding results in line 
with our expectations, positive growth across all parameters bolsters our 
confidence in the chosen path. We are optimistic that the upcoming initiatives 
planned in Q3 and Q4 will enable us to achieve our full year guidance. 
 
I'm going to now hand it back to Amrit, who will provide an update on the 
financial performance. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, Prashant. Just on key financial metrics. For MFSL, the consolidated 
revenue, excluding investment income, now stands at INR11,221 crore, a growth 
of 16% compared to first half last year. The consolidated PAT for MFSL is at 
INR271 crore, up 109% year-on-year. 
 
Renewal premium for Max Life grew by 11% to INR7,215 crore, and gross 
premium stands at INR11,496 crore, a growth of 16%. Value of New Business 
during this period of first half stands at INR663 crore versus INR586 crore last 
year, representing a growth of 13%. And as Prashant highlighted, the NBM for first 
half stands at 24% and for quarter 2 at 25.2%. 
 
Embedded value as at 30th September '23 is INR17,911 crore. There is negligible 
operating variance in the first half. On the non-operating variance, there is a 
positive INR282 crore movement, which is mainly constituted by positive 
economic variance in equity market and interest rate moves. Operating ROEV for 
Max Life in first half FY '24 is 17.5%. The overall policyholder opex to GWP ratio is 
at 15.4%. Max Life FY '23 profit before tax is INR260 crore, an improvement of 
81%. And our solvency is at 184% with AUM at around INR1.34 lakh crore. 
 
So, with this, to conclude, we remain confident in our leverage our strength and 
continue delivering sustainable value for customers, shareholders, employees. 
And we remain committed to our purpose of inspiring people to increase the 

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
value of life. We will be now happy to take any questions that you may have, and 
we will open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
We'll take the first question from the line of Swarnabh Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: So, two-three questions on my side. First of all, thank you for confirming the 
marginal outlook. I just wanted to understand that you mentioned that the 
second quarter, the margin expansion will be due to scale up in non-PAR given 
product launches. So right now, the share of non-PAR in the mix has gone down 
significantly as ULIP and PAR has grown. Just wanted to understand would 
product launch and scale up be sufficient to take us to our ask rate for second half 
of margin so that we are able to lead that? 
 
And also, how to think about growth in second half given that the size of non-PAR 
as you have disclosed is slightly lower than where it is for ULIP. So, should we see 
kind of this 25% growth, which we have in the first half? Or should we expect a 
slightly lower number than that? So that's the first one. 
 
Secondly, sir, in terms of Banca, if you could highlight where our counter share for 
Axis Bank lies and if I could break down the growth between Axis and other banks, 
how to look at it. 
 
And thirdly, if you have given that because of the business mix and investment, 
there has been a negative impact in VNB. So, if you could just give us some color 
on that, what will be cost aspect which has resulted from that? How should we 
think about cost in the second half? Those are my 3 questions. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Okay. You asked many questions. Let me try and attempt answering a few of 
them. So, thank you for your question. I think these questions will be common 
across many people. Overall, the product mix is an element of 2 factors, the 
customer demand as well as tactical interventions that we make through launches 
of new products. 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
 
I personally believe that the par segment got strengthened, but it came at the cost 
of non-PAR going down a little bit. And it was driven predominantly because of 
the tactical move of PAR launch. Again, within ULIP, while the ULIP mix is similar 
to how it was last year, we wanted to drive a number of policy as well as our 
presence in the online space, and hence, we had to launch an index-linked kind of 
design where inherently, the margins are lower. 
 
In the second half of the year, the tactical interventions in terms of product 
launches are going to be more biased towards non-PAR. That's a part of our 
calendar, it's a part of the design, and that's going to have an impact on driving 
the overall mix in a positive manner so that we are able to improve our margins. 
 
Again, as the business builds in the second half, you would notice that about 60% 
of the sale actually comes in the second half with respect to first half. So, the 
overall leverage also in the business drives the margin. And as a result of that -- 
and I went a few years looking at the data of last few years, generally, the second 
half margins are higher. 
 
So as a result of that, I mean, we are following a well-chosen predecided product 
calendar. And we remain absolutely optimistic about the margin guidance. As the 
year began, I had shared that the business will be making investment towards 
growth and market share. And hence, the 31% margins was not sustainable for us, 
which we achieved last year, and we had given a guidance of 27% to 28%. We 
remain committed to that, and we are very optimistic that we’ll be able to go in 
that range. 
 
On your question on growth, I think, our guidance, as you may remember, March 
last year was an extraordinary month because of tax changes where the sales 
volumes were pretty high. So, we had given a guidance that on a full year basis, 
we will hit a double-digit number, and we are working towards a double-digit 
number. So, on sales, our commitment again is towards the guidance we have 
given. At this point in time, it is very hard for me to say whether the sales 
momentum or sales trajectory is going to remain exactly as per first half or not. 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
 
The first half momentum, you will also notice the first quarter, our sales were 
quite tepid. So, all I can say is momentum is building by every passing month, and 
we are trying very hard to deliver a strong double-digit kind of growth rate as we 
finish the year. 
 
On your question on Axis and other banks, our counter share remains stable. 
We've been told by Axis Bank, overall we've seen our overall counter share to 
remain in the range of 65% to 70%. We remained stable at around 70% in the first 
half of the year. Equally on, Yes Bank, our counter share is very stable at around 
58%. It's plus/minus 1%. So that's where we are. And we are happy that our 
execution still is helping us maintain our counter share. So, I remain optimistic 
that we will be able to drive growth through our bank partners. 
 
On your question, VNB colour into cost and business mix, I'm going to just hand it 
over to Amrit actually to talk through this. I think the cost is fairly stable, as you 
would have noticed. Of course, there are allocation-related adjustments which are 
made between other lines and commissions in view of the commission guidelines. 
But otherwise, the cost is pretty stable. Of course, we have made investments in 
opening new offices, which will start to get realized but otherwise, I'm not 
anticipating that cost is going to be completely out of sync with respect to the 
guidance that we've given. And hence, the VNB is going to be predominantly an 
outcome of the mix that they are going to drive in the business. I hope it answers 
all the questions. 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes. I think I'll just add, Prashant. I think just stepping back at the start of the year, 
we had indicated that this is a year of investing and driving for overall buildup of 
distribution and hence garnering our market share. And a large part of our 
investments were predominantly in two areas, either it was in augmentation of 
distribution muscle, or it was towards investment in technology. And I think we 
are on that trajectory, and we will continue on that trajectory. So, this elevation 
that you see of opex is something that will kind of remain in the period in this 
particular fiscal for sure. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Just a couple of follow-ups. One is on the Banca mix; I just wanted some color on 
how the growth has been between Axis and others? I mean, the 31% growth, if 

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
you could give some sense by what percentage Axis channel had grown and by 
what percentage other channels have grown because my sense is that other 
channels growth must be much more higher than Axis. So, some colour on that. 
 
And on the cost, I just wanted to understand, you have mentioned that in the 
presentation that first half policyholders expense to GWP ratio is around 15.4%. 
So broadly flattish now given that GWP has gone up by 16%. So, you could assume 
costs have been going up by 16%, 17%. In the second half, the operating leverage 
we were discussing about, if the growth in expenses remain at a similar rate 
would that play out or not that is what we want to focus? 
Amrit Singh: 
I think, if I understood your second question correctly, the operating leverage 
plays out largely because of volume and the absolute volume of sales and 
absolute volume of opex. Even though there is a growth in opex, but the absolute 
volume is where the leverage kind of kicks in generally for us and this is historical. 
I mean if you go back in years and see how our second half margins look like. They 
do benefit because of the way we allocate and the way cost is actually attributed. 
 
So that is where the leverage comes from. And that is what we expect in this 
particular year itself, even though March might be a muted month, but still an 
absolute rupees crore of sale for the second half is much larger than how the opex 
actually stacks up. 
 
On your specific questions around the color of growth between Axis and our other 
partnerships. Axis actually for the quarter 2 and equally for other partnerships as 
well, has grown upwards of 28% is Axis growth in quarter 2 for us. And other 
partnerships have grown at around 60%. So, for the quarter, our Banca partners 
have grown at the range of around 30%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
A couple of questions. If you can just help us understand sort of what is working 
for you in the annuity? Because typically, annuity has been something that you 
used to sell more in the second half, but this year, even in the first half, you are 
selling a good amount of annuity and particularly the trend in the industry on 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
annuity has been a bit of a mix. So I mean, what is helping you there? Is it some 
sort of the return of, I mean for this particular with channels, those are helping? 
And if at all, I mean, on a Y-o-Y basis, your annuity margins, if your margin profile 
is similar in the case of annuity. So that's first question. 
 
And second, if I were to look at, I mean, your accounting profit, of course, it had 
come better. And particularly, if I see the growth in new business strain has been 
on the lower side. Is it more to do with a PAR and maybe single premium annuity 
this year being higher than last year? Or is there something more to it? 
Amrit Singh: 
Thanks, Avinash. I'll take this question. I think on annuity, what is working for us. I 
think I'll say 2 things. You'll recall, we had established our full retirement team as 
a construct over the last now 18 months, actually a full-fledged team has come in, 
which holistically looks at the entire retirement as an ecosystem, trying to tap into 
whether the NPS ecosystem, whether the corporate superannuation systems or 
whether driving the individual annuity through channels. 
 
So this investment in actually this team overall has helped actually support the 
annuity growth that we are experiencing for ourselves. In addition to the team, 
obviously a channel dedicated to this particular aspect. There were also some 
product interventions and actions which were taken, wherein we created a 
plethora of products across regular pay products, single-pay products, deferred 
entity designs and the entire construct. So this has helped us keep the momentum 
strong with respect to annuities. And a large part of benefit is definitely coming 
out of our group annuity design that we are selling to superannuation customers 
and clients, which is actually helping us.  
 
I think on the margin, overall annuity margin as you compare to last year does 
look a little weak and is not to do with a specific design actually, it is to do largely 
because of the mix between our business. We have seen, in line with pressure in 
the industry on single premium annuity, which has shifted towards regular 
premium annuity. But given the whole investment that we have undertaken, our 
overall annuity momentum actually continues to remain quite robust, as Prashant 
highlighted in his opening remarks  

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
 
I think on the question around profit that you see strain to be lower. I think it's to 
do with obviously the mix of participating being higher, which actually has more 
allowables and that has actually helped and also has lesser strains as a business 
line, which has helped in the profit profile. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Going back to the growth argument, looking at your performance for the last 2 
quarters, doesn't it look like your guidance for sort of 10% APE growth for the year 
is a little conservative? I mean your ask rate for second half is not very high, even 
if I sort of exclude the one-offs that you did in the month of March. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes. I mean you good question that it's always good to remain conservative on 
giving guidances. Of course, we are trying very hard for a strong double-digit kind 
of a number. We will try to beat the guidance. So let's take it as that. We are 
trying very hard month-on-month to outpace whatever guidance is given, 
Nischint. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And on the Banca side, what would be your growth in Axis Bank on a year-
on-year basis? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
On year-on-year basis, if I look at the growth rate around Axis Bank on MFYP or 
paid premium basis, it is 12%. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
For first half. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
For first half. Of course, the business momentum picked up quite considerably in 
the second quarter, where we grew about 28%. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Okay, 28% in the second half. And on the proprietary side, if you could just 
highlight because your proprietary growth is very strong. So is it something that it 
kind of sustains in the second half, it may be moderate to the first quarter level in 
the second half because you can see a big divergence between proprietary or 
agency sales across various players. So what is it that you are doing? And is it 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
something that can continue? Or is it just that you're getting some counter share 
out here from peers or anything of that sort?  
Prashant Tripathy: 
So under proprietary, and let me elaborate a little bit. There are 3 channels that 
we predominantly look at. The first one is agency and all agency-like models. The 
second one is direct sales force where our employed workforce works on different 
customer segments. And then the third one is all the sales that we generate either 
on our own website or on aggregators website under digital domain. So those are 
3 areas. 
 
As I highlighted, proprietary growth is of strategic advantage to us, and that's a 
very core area of focus for us for Max Life Insurance over last few quarters. Last 
year, we began a project with BCG to look at our agency differently to grow 
agency faster than how it was growing in the previous 5 years. And I'm very happy 
to share that in that project, we've been fairly successful. If I were to look at 
agency overall growth, it is clocking better than industry. I'm sure it will be 
amongst the top 3 fastest-growing agencies in India. And the effect of buildup of 
new offices is still to kick off. So once that starts to come board, I'm reasonably 
certain that the momentum within agency will definitely be in the range of 20% to 
30%. I'm reasonably sure of that. So that momentum will continue for a while.  
 
Within DSF again, earlier, we used to only look at predominantly at the orphan 
customer base, but we expanded that. We're looking at digital leads. We're 
looking at bank leads. We are experimenting with surrender leads. And that entire 
scope has been enhanced plus the improvement in productivity. So those 2 put 
together has become a good driving force. And over the last many quarters, I have 
seen that particular team deliver anywhere between 30% to 40% kind of growth 
numbers. 
 
The third one was in online space. Again, in online space, our protection growth 
consistent with the industry has started to pick up, and we have grown about 
~37% on a paid premium basis. But the good part is we wanted to strengthen our 
position in savings space and through a variety of product levers, we could really 
substantiate our position and there has been an upside in growth coming strongly 
in the savings space of almost 4x. So across all vectors of proprietary channel, we 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
are working very hard to drive momentum and that yielding outcomes. And I'm 
very confident, that this momentum will continue. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
And specific to this quarter, was there a sort of slightly high push on the digital 
side because Q2 numbers have seen a lot. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
That's correct. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
I mean either way the inherent agency growth is stronger, no doubt about it, but 
probably that it is to push its. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes, digital growth was higher though on a smaller base, I must say. But yes, there 
was digital push, and we want to leverage the index-linked small-cap fund that we 
launched and that was a small cap that we launched. That was fairly successful. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Sure. And just one last point is, going beyond this year, I think you've already 
given margin guidance for this year, how should we really think about margins 
going in FY '25, '26? Is it something that you sort of revert back to '23 levels? Or 
does it remain flat? Or do you think that maybe 25% is the more sustainable long-
term level? How should we think of it? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
I think like I gave you the guidance to finish closer to 27%, 28%. As  we grow and 
there is operating leverage that comes the margin will improve, but you are in a 
competitive situation, you are fighting it out with competition. So that eats into 
margins. So honestly, over the next 2 to 3 years, we should think about the margin 
profile from 27%, 28% going up by maybe a couple of hundred basis points. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, was there some pressure on product line VNB margins, as you highlighted 
with regards to ULIP, wherein you saw some pressure because of the mix 
changing and the launch of the new product. Similarly, on non-PAR or Protection, 
any specific trends that would have impacted the product level margins? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes. I think on ULIP, as has been mentioned, the launch of is a very unique offering 
for the online channel, which actually was also taken up by our banks channel as 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
well, especially in the affluent segment of selling and was successfully executed. 
There is a margin pressure at a ULIP line, for sure, because this particular product 
profile has a lower margin which actually has impacted the ULIP profile. Our 
participating non-PAR guaranteed savings design and the margins are stable. 
There is nothing to worth mention there.  
 
On Annuity, I did specifically mention in responding to Avinash's question that the 
shift which has happened between the variants actually is the reason why the 
annuity margins looked lower and it is not to do with specifically with the margin 
profile of that particular variant compared to last year. It's just the mix of variants 
that have been sold in it. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Non-PAR, how many resets would have done in the quarter and because of 
where any resets, delay in resets, was there any pressure on margins? 
Amrit Singh: 
Non-PAR savings, I think there is a very keen eye on to how the interest rates are 
moving and consequently, what happens to margin. So as a practice, we look at it 
on a monthly basis and make decisions keeping all parameters in play. Over the 
last 6 months, we would have done 2 resets, which has actually and it's in line 
with how the markets have moved. And those resets have helped maintain the 
momentum of non-PAR savings guaranteed businesses. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Secondly, on the agency channel, how is the ticket size, say, compared to 
last year's first half and this year's first half? And do you expect the agency 
channel ticket size to move higher going ahead? Some understanding was given 
that in the first half, there was some apprehension with regards to the 
understanding of the tax change. And that's the reason the 5 lakh plus ticket size 
was not moving well in the agency channel. Is there something of that sort is 
happening here as well for you guys as well? 
Amrit Singh: 
So the objection is right. Actually, for last year, the channels which benefited out 
of the taxation change in the month of March, were largely agency and in broking 
channels. These actually benefited the most because of that disintermediation. 
And that's the reason of that expectation that as the full year progresses and 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
especially when the month of March comes, there could be some moderation in 
that particular activity. 
 
But specifically looking at a company level and looking at greater than 5 lakhs kind 
of a thing, we have seen actually even our less than 5 lakhs cases are definitely 
growing at 21% robust momentum, but greater than 5 lakhs are growing. They're 
definitely not degrowing. They have grown at some 5%, 6%. But the contribution, 
obviously, has come off a little bit as compared to last year. 
 
So there is that pressure with respect to the contribution of greater than 5 lakh in 
our traditional book as compared to last year. But both of these segments stay in 
growth trajectory for us. And there are some interventions which are already in 
play or have been in play to offset some of this impact. But we had indicated that 
maybe half of the impact we will be able to hold on to a half is something that we 
get impacted with. And that's why the full year guidance is what Prashant was 
indicating. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got that. And with regards to VNB margins, you mentioned that the growth, the 
expansion margin, and that will be primarily given the product mix or it will be 
more operating leverage driven? 
Amrit Singh: 
So it will be both actually. It will be, operating leverage will have an important 
role, in fact, a major role. And with respect to certain product actions, pricing 
actions, and some of it, for example, we have already taken. I mean, in the month 
of October, we have corrected prices around our nonparticipating design chassis. 
We have corrected prices. We are launching a new non-PAR variant in another 
few days from now. So some of this actually will help us shift a little bit away from 
participating towards nonparticipating and away from ULIP towards non-
participating. So it should help us in that momentum. But it's a play of both 
operating leverage and the product variant  that we'll introduce and the action 
that we'll keep taking on. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Great. Can I just slip in one more, small one. Post EOM guidelines, have we 
changed the product level commission or old rates continue? 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Amrit Singh: 
So I think I'll just answer, I mean, there is a cost of acquisition frame that you 
should keep in mind. And I'll say the cost of acquisition has been maintained 
across our channels and our partners. There is some classification that is 
happening. You can see in our financials, obviously, the commission rates have 
increased quite sharply. But at a cost of acquisition level, you should assume that 
it has remained stable of how it was previously. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please 
go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have one question on the agency channel. So if I look at the agent count, it was 
at about 70,000 flat in FY '22, '23. And you mentioned about BCG activity that you 
had carried out. In the first half, your agent count is up 7,000. It is at 77,000 right 
now. So while your agent productivity is amongst the better ones in the industry, 
are you looking at any specific agent base, like maybe, in the next 1 to 2 years, we 
want to achieve this much agent base or something like that? That's my question. 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes. I mean, honestly, one way of looking at it is how many people do we have in 
the agency workforce. But there are other ways of looking at agency also. How 
many of them are active, which means doing one policy every month. We look at 
another measure of how many agents are delivering 10 lakhs and above of new 
sales. 
So there are several measures that we deploy. I don't have those numbers handy, 
maybe we could come up separately, but we are trying to drive the number of 
active agents and number of people contributing more than 10 lakhs. So those are 
2 parameters that we internally track and that's how we drive the business. 
Amrit Singh: 
I think I'll also point you to the recruitment momentum. Actually, recruitment is 
up, if you see from the same data that you're looking at as compared to last year 
in the ranges of 60% to 65%. So what we're doing recruiting in large numbers, 
which is not just driven by higher manpower being deployed for recruitment in 
the demand region, but also the throughput for manpower has been quite 
significantly up because of more structured governance and focus around how to 
go about some of these things. 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
In addition to that, we're also working towards ensuring that these recruited 
agents are becoming more and more successful. So one of the big reasons for our 
agency doing quite robustly in the first half actually is driven by both higher 
recruitment quantity and also the quality effect of those people recruited which is 
in terms of activation. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Got it. And just a follow-up question over there. Is it, do you also track your agents 
in terms of what kind of quality of customers they bring in terms of probably the 
profitability pool of their customer base? Or is there any linkage between their 
performance and the commissions you pay out? 
Amrit Singh: 
It is obviously linked to the entire compensation philosophy of how you 
incentivize an agent has the linkages to many parameters. It has linkages to the 
product variants that they're bringing, the length of the product that they're 
actually selling, the persistency outcomes of those products, the way they kind of 
comes through, implications on the grievances, miss-sell, etcetera, all holistically 
kind of packaged in a compensation philosophy for a particular agent is designed. 
 
And that has always been the case, and there is always refinement and sharpness 
that keeps happen. Do we measure at an agent cohort level productivity? The 
answer is no. I think we do measure at a branch level, but not going down to an 
agent level yet. But intrinsically, the way products are constructed and where the 
products are remunerated, there is a very strong linkages to how the profitability 
of that product will turn out to be. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Adarsh from Enam Holdings. 
Adarsh: 
Congrats. Just wanted to check on Axis as you close this transaction and you 
negotiate as a long-term partner. Just is there any difference in payouts that could 
have happened? Or is it product centric? How, the question I'm asking is because 
eventually, they have ended up paying you a little bit more money for the stake 
that they have bought. So does economics stand now from a VNB margin 
perspective, we could see some extra payouts? 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So basically, the long-term arrangement and long term strategy of Axis Bank is to 
invest in Max Life insurance. And we're just following the regulatory guidance. I 
don't expect that to have any material impact on our VNB margin. 
Adarsh: 
Got it. And since our counter share is stabilized in the Axis network at now 65%, 
70%. And given that there is one more channel, one more partner added from the 
Citi Channel. How is the progress happening on what access Tata is getting in Axis 
to Citi network? And how do you expect that to impact you in terms of counter 
share? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So Axis Bank believes in open architecture. And it believes in having multiple 
partners at the same time, they have clarified and so have we to investors at large 
that Max Life is an investment of Axis Bank. And hence, our counter share will be 
kept at 65% to 70%. Of course, we do participate on Citibank and then the new 
partner through acquisition of some participants. At this point in time, I have no 
additional news to share in terms of their participation on Axis Bank counters. But 
I must like to highlight that the philosophy is to remain open architecture. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Nidhesh: 
Two questions, firstly what all is included in protection and health? When we're 
saying protection has been grown at 70% Y-o-Y, what all products are included in 
that? And secondly, how is the growth in credit life business? What is the 
quantum of credit life business that we have done in H1? 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes, Nidhesh. So protection and health category actually help now also includes 
the SEWA product that we have launched. Because with respect to the objective 
that it is solving for, it is very similar to the ethos of Protection and Protection & 
Health includes some bit of SEWA as well. And they are also similar margin profile. 
So it is actually a very strong grouping that has been done. 
Amrit Singh: 
But irrespective of that, even if I take out the SEWA contribution, which was 
around INR 18 crore, the growth is quite robust at 50% to 52% for Q2. Credit Life 
has been growing at a steady momentum of 30% to 31%, and we have signed up 
more partners as we speak and hopefully expecting this to pick up further as the 
year progress. 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Sir, just to confirm the margin for SEWA product is similar to protection margins? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
Yes. More or less. More or less. 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from the line of Sanketh Godha from Avendus 
Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
I just wanted to understand the digital drive strategy because of you indirectly 
alluded to the point that it's a lower VNB, it's a drag on the VNB margin business, 
on the overall company's VNB margin because at the cost the products typically 
sold are the index-linked, ULIP plan. So I just wanted to understand that this is like 
a onetime phenomenon you chase that growth with the digital channel in the 
current quarter? Or given the margins are lower, you might tone down that 
growth? 
 
And I just wanted to understand how much is digital as opportunity of total APE. 
In that prop channel, how much is exactly digital, how much exactly is agency and 
how much exactly is direct of 40% of total APE what you have disclosed? 
Amrit Singh: 
So ULIP, the question, I think whenever there is a particular product offering, 
which is offered, there is always some bit of initial 1 to 2 months of overindexing 
of that particular proposition. And we don't expect the ULIP drag to be a structural 
permanent drag, which will remain and we expect it to settle down as the year 
kind of progresses. So, I think that answers the question that you were trying to 
ask there. 
 
With respect to how much does our online e-commerce channel now is 
contributing, it's contributing around 8%-9%. 
Sanketh Godha: 
And how much it was last year, if you remember? 
Amrit Singh: 
It would have been around 5%-6%. So it is now around 9%-10% and has been 
corrected. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Perfect. Perfect. And the second question which I had was with respect to 
persistency. In the presentation some data looks off because the 49th persistency 
seems to be higher compared to 37th month persistency, which ideally should not 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
be the case. So how do I read these numbers? Generally, the persistency fall as 
months progress. So I just wanted to understand that part little. 
Amrit Singh: 
Yes, I think we have done an alignment to the persistency circulars, which are in 
play, which is now the 2021 and 2010 persistency circular. And basis that -- the 
guidance of the circular, the persistency has been recomputed. It doesn't mean 
anything economically. It is just a computation methodology, which has been 
brought more in line with market and also the circular which are in place. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Got it. Got it. And the last one, just to the previous question. You are actually now 
seeing in Axis Bank, previously, to the extent I understood that Tata products 
were largely limited to Citibank branches. And now you are seeing even Tata 
products getting sold in Axis Bank branches, that's the understanding should I pick 
up? 
Prashant Tripathy: 
So, I don't know where you picked it up from right now, the answer is no, but I 
really can't confirm that it is going to be so in future. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amrit Singh: 
Thank you, everyone, for having joined our earnings call, and we continue to look 
forward for such interactions. Have a good day, and goodbye to everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Max Financial Services Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
