 
 
 
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene   
and Health Care Limited 
CIN: L24239MH1964PLC012971 
Registered Office: 
P&G Plaza 
Cardinal Gracias Road, Chakala 
Andheri (E), Mumbai 400 099 
Tel: (91‐22) 2826 6000   
Fax: (91‐22) 2826 7337 
Website: in.pg.com 
 
 
 
 
 
September 22, 2023 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
     To, 
The Corporate Relations Department  
     The Listing Department 
The BSE Limited 
 
 
 
     The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
 
     Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
 
     Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001  
      
     Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: PGHH/500459 
 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Analysts/Institutional Investors – Outcome – Transcript of the meeting 
 
This has reference to the intimation dated September 05, 2023 and outcome uploaded earlier 
today, September 22, 2023, with respect to the virtual connect with analysts/ institutional 
investors. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, enclosed herewith is the transcript of the above meeting with analysts/ institutional 
investors, copy of the same is also made available on the website of the Company.  
 
This is for your record and appropriate dissemination. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
 
 
 
Flavia Machado 
Authorized Signatory 
 
 
 
FLAVIA 
PETER 
MACHADO
Digitally signed by 
FLAVIA PETER 
MACHADO 
Date: 2023.09.22 
16:42:32 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care Limited 
 
Investors & Analysts’ Call 
 
September 22, 2023 
 
Start Time : 9:00 AM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. L. V. Vaidyanathan, Managing Director 
Mr. Gautam Kamath, Vice President- Finance 
Ms. Flavia Machado, Moderator – Senior Manager (Legal and Secretarial) 
 
 
 
 
 

 Flavia Machado: 
Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Company’s Investors & Analysts call. Thank you for joining us 
today. Today, we will begin with presentation by the management of the company, on the company's 
performance, results, strategies and business outlook. 
 
We have received questions submitted by the participants at the time of registration for the call. The 
management will address the questions received, after the presentation concludes.  
 
Let me introduce our presenters for today. 
 
We have on the call, Mr. L. V. Vaidyanathan, Managing Director of the Company, and Mr. Gautam Kamath, 
Vice-President-Finance. 
 
All participants are placed on mute and can participate in the listen-only mode.  
 
Please note that during the course of the call, the presentations and information shared by the management 
may include forward-looking statements. These statements are made on the basis of the company's current 
views and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance and actual events or results may differ 
materially from those statements. 
 
I will now hand over the proceedings to Mr. L. V. Vaidyanathan. Thank you, and over to you LV. 
 
Below Disclaimer was presented on screen: 
This communication, except for the historical data, may contain forward-looking statements, including 
words, phrases, numbers that set forth anticipated results based on management’s current plans and 
assumptions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are 
subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause results to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
in those statements. The Company cautions investors that any such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and that actual events or results may differ materially from those 
statements. Actual events or results may differ materially because of factors that affect international 
businesses and global economic conditions, as well as matters specific to the Company and the markets it 
serves. The Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by law. 
 
 Mr. L. V. Vaidyanathan, Managing Director 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call today. It is our pleasure to interact with all of 
you.  
Today, I shall take you through the work that we have been leading at P&G Hygiene and Health Care in line 
with our strategic priorities, and the strides we have made during the fiscal year in achieving our objectives. 
Over our 185 years globally, we have shown that our ability to grow is directly connected to our commitment 
to responsible business and doing good. Our ability to do good is in turn strengthened by our growth. 
Therefore, we aim to be a force for growth and a force for good in the communities that we serve, keeping 
our consumers at the core of it all. 
We have been growing and creating value prior to, during, and following the pandemic through a strategy 
that drives growth and value creation through five integrated choices:  
1) A portfolio of daily-use products where performance drives brand choice 
2) Superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution, and value 
3) Productivity to fund this superiority. 
4) Constructive disruption of the entire value chain to future proof our business; and  

5) A highly efficient and effective organization structure. 
The model is dynamic and sustainable. It adapts to the changing needs of consumers, customers and society 
and is focused on growing markets—creating versus taking business—the most sustainable and typically 
most profitable way to grow.  
We believe the best path forward is to double down on this integrated set of strategies that are driving our 
results. 
Let me take this opportunity to talk more on the focused portfolio of daily-use products for PGHH, in the 
Feminine Hygiene and Personal Health Care categories, where performance plays a significant role in brand 
choice.  
We concentrate our efforts and focus on delivering superior products with the best performance, in every 
price tier in which we compete in these categories. 
For our Feminine Care business, we serve our consumers with products that not only meet their needs in a 
way they expect, but also offer them superior benefits which improve their lives. In turn, the consumers 
reinforce their trust in the brand, which truly makes Whisper – a market leader. 
Similarly, our personal healthcare portfolio serves consumers with an assortment of products that cater to 
diverse needs be it – single symptom, multiple symptoms and even evolved needs that require customized 
solutions.  
This consumer centered approach has resulted in Vicks’ continuing its market leadership through the years. 
Coming to Superiority, that is the formula to delight consumers and earn their chosen loyalty. 
We know how to create value in these categories – by delivering irresistibly superior propositions to our 
consumers and retail partners across product performance, packaging, brand communication, retail 
execution and value.  
We continue to raise the bar on all aspects of superiority in all price tiers where we compete. 
We are leveraging this superiority to grow markets and, as a result, P&G’s share in these markets to 
sustainably build the business.  
Noticeable superiority is increasingly important in an inflationary environment, as consumers reassess value 
across all elements of their budget.  
We have been very intentional in building a strong presence across all relevant price tiers and retail channels, 
so consumers have a choice of different price points and value propositions within our portfolio. 
Let me translate our strategy of superior products for you, through an example of Whisper. Did you know 
that during periods, the flow menstruating women experience at night is different from flow at daytime? 
Yes.  
Our Whisper Nights pads are up to 75% longer and wider* to give the consumer maximum protection and 
ensure no staining during period nights. This proposition is growing strong double digit as it solves a key 
consumer unmet need. 
Our brand Vicks leveraged the power of superior communication to better resonate, engage and serve 
consumers. We intended to create stronger awareness about the bouquet of benefits Vicks Vaporub can 
provide to consumers, vs the select situations where Vicks Vaporub was most used.    
* vs. Choice Regular 230mm 

The outcome was a simple, yet effective message that Vicks Vapo Rub relieves 6 cough and cold symptoms, 
as effectively as the mother’s touch of care.. And we delivered this messaging in the language the consumer 
prefers on their preferred channel of communication. Let’s play the ad now. 
<Video was played>  
Another example is our Whisper Choice Communication, that takes to the consumer our technology of 
Magic Gel, which coupled with a longer pad, provides up to 100% stain protection. 
<Video was played> 
We also continue to emphasize superior performance of our offerings through strong value-based 
messaging – in communication, on packaging, and at shelf – physical or virtual in terms of retail 
execution. Point of sale is an equally important touchpoint to engage and educate consumers, and by driving 
superior retail execution we intend to better serve our consumers AND customers. 
Success in our highly competitive industry also requires agility that comes with a mindset of constructive 
disruption – a willingness to change, adapt and create new trends and technologies that will shape our 
industry for the future. It is a healthy dissatisfaction with the status-quo – and this mindset of constructive 
disruption is even more important in this challenging, ever-evolving macro-economic environment.  
We’re innovating how we innovate, moving faster by combining over 180 years of expertise with the 
entrepreneurial spirit of a startup. 
100% of our brands are impacted by technology in some way or the other.  
 
Be it mining for consumer insights and customizing our media outreach to reach the consumers where they 
are, enhancing our Go To Market operations to create value for our partners, driving digital transformation 
within the organization for better productivity, and expanding availability and service at stores using the 
power of AI and ML, tech is truly powering our engines! 
 
We have moved away from media planning in silos (TV, digital, ecommerce separately) to an Integrated 
Media Approach, where an algorithm powered with latest trends and historical data, can bring up the best 
cross-screen media model that helps us achieve the maximum reach at the lowest cost. 
 
Historically, our Supply Chain has been a competitive advantage for us, and we are investing significantly to 
strengthen this advantage and be better positioned to handle larger capacity and higher ranges of demand 
volatility, while reducing over-dependance on singular nodes. We’re calling this Supply 3.0—the next 
generation of Supply Chain: An end-to-end synchronized, sustainable and resilient supply chain, amplified 
by data analytics. 
 
For instance, In India, we are leveraging analytics to optimize total distance travelled and reduce number of 
touches by the product, while improving our speed and reliability to market. This has led to 35% faster speed 
to market, and reduction of around 6 million Kms and reduction of carbon emissions.  
The strategic need to keep investing in superiority, the short-term need to manage through a very 
challenging cost environment and the ongoing need to drive balanced top- and bottom-line growth, 
including margin expansion, underscore the importance of ongoing productivity. 
We have developed a strong productivity muscle over the years. Productivity is now fully embedded in our 
operating model and is embraced in every part of our operation. 
Specifically last year, through our productivity interventions, this company achieved savings of over Rs. 105 
crores. 

P&G’s organization structure is designed to focus our human, technical and financial resources on our 
biggest opportunities for growth. 
This structure yields an empowered, agile and accountable organization with little overlap or redundancy - 
flowing to new demands, seamlessly supporting each other to deliver against our priorities in the 
communities. 
One aspect of our empowered organization is the organizational focus on Citizenship – our intent of also 
being a #ForceforGood. 
We have embedded Citizenship in the way we do business every day, and our efforts are based on 
Community Impact, Equality & Inclusion and Environmental Sustainability, with a strong foundation of Ethics 
& Corporate Responsibility guiding everything we do. 
Through this, we aspire to positively impact our people, communities, partners and leverage the voice of 
our brands, to maximize impact. 
The journey of enabling starts with our people at P&G, who live our spirit of being a #ForceForGood every 
day. We continue to upgrade our bouquet of policies and programs to cater to our diverse workforce, so 
that every single person can bring their whole authentic selves to work every day.  
For example: we recently introduced our Infertility Treatment policy to support all employees and their 
partners with more inclusive opportunities for family planning. This program supports employees of diverse 
gender identities, sexual orientations, and family structures. 
Similarly, we continue to be committed to accelerating the pace of change outside of P&G - be it removing 
barriers to education and economic opportunities, or advancing inclusion for the LGBTQ+ community, and 
many other initiatives. You can learn more about them in our Citizenship Report now live on our website. 
We are also leveraging our significant voice in advertising to tackle bias through our long-standing brands 
movement like Whisper #KeepGirlsInSchool.  
Our recent film – Whisper’s Missing Chapter, takes forward this movement, and aims to educate mothers 
on the biology of periods… so that they, in turn, can educate their daughters on menstrual hygiene and 
health. From being the first brand to advertise sanitary pads, to now being the first to depict female anatomy 
in advertising – Whisper continues to break taboos and educated on menstrual health & hygiene. Let’s look 
at the film now. 
<Video was played>  
Our longstanding commitment to education is also our way of contributing to the social development of the 
country, brought to life via our flagship CSR program, P&G Shiksha.  
P&G Shiksha is a holistic educational program that addresses critical barriers to achieving universal 
education. Over 18 years, Shiksha has helped reach thousands of schools and communities, impacting over 
35 lakh children. 
Environmental Sustainability has been embedded into P&G's business practices, and we consistently strive 
to minimize our environmental impact, encouraging consumers and suppliers to do the same.  
• 
We have committed to accelerated efforts to combat climate change as part of Ambition 2030. 
• 
We have committed to be Net-Zero by 2040. 
• 
Our Global Water Strategy aims to restore water in water-stressed areas around the world. 
• 
Today, we are collecting back more plastic packaging waste in India than we put out and leverage 
renewable energy in our operations.  

Our brands are incorporating sustainability in serving consumers with superior products, for instance by 
leading the use of recycled plastic. 
Many of these efforts, have been recognized widely by prestigious institutions, which only reaffirms our 
belief of being a #ForceForGrowth and a #ForceForGood. 
With that, I handover to Gautam Kamath 
 Mr. Gautam Kamath, Vice-President, Finance 
Thank You LV.  
Good Morning everyone. My name is Gautam Kamath and I’m Vice President-Finance for P&G India.  
LV spoke about our Integrated Growth Strategies and how they are making a difference to our business 
results. I will now share with you what exactly these business results have been in the past one year as well 
as over a longer period. I will also share with you our view on the long term outlook for the industry as a 
whole. Of course, many of you sent over questions, which I will address in the course of my session.  
We have bounced back in a year in which the industry faced several headwinds. In the Healthcare category 
specifically, we faced a strong category growth challenge, as the impact of a high COVD-driven base got 
corrected. Despite that, our sales for the Q4 quarter grew 3% excluding the impact of any one time items. 
The headline though was not our Sales – rather it was the bounce back of our profits, which grew 255%, 
driven by premiumization and pricing, and a reduction in expenses in response to our productivity programs.  
For the fiscal year, our sales grew 12% excluding the impact of one-time items. We saw strong growth across 
both our portfolios, despite the challenging situation on category demand growth in the cough and cold 
sector, as well as the massive commodity headwinds in the industry. The profit grew a strong 10% excluding 
the impact of one-time items. We were able to offset the headwinds through a combination of prudent 
pricing combined with our productivity program, which as LV earlier mentioned, delivered Rs 105 Cr in 
savings for the year. 
Before I address some of your questions, I want to talk about the external landscape and how we see it 
evolving.  
FMCG consumption in the Apr/May/Jun Quarter was the fastest we have seen in the past 6 quarters. 
Inflation is softening and volume growth is finally returning. The 7.5% volume growth in the quarter is great 
news for the industry and the economy in general because we know volume growth eventually unlocks 
capital investments and triggers a positive investment cycle. In another piece of good news, the rural growth 
is inflecting as well, with the quarter showing 1.4% volume growth in the non-food sector after four quarters 
of significant volume decline.   
Many of you had questions on how rural economy is growing and I'll address them later on how that impacts 
our business as well. While the term “cautiously optimistic” may be a bit of a cliché in the field of 
investments, I believe it’s the term that best describes our outlook for market growth at the moment. While 
we are seeing the consumption trends to be broadly up, driving our optimism, retail inflation for the months 
of July and August have averaged 7% and August rainfall has shown a 11% negative deviation from norm, 
driving the caution. On anecdotal evidence, September rainfall appears to have bounced back – and might 
have a big say in how the rest of the year goes. 
Many of you also asked about commodity prices. Commodity prices however remain high, and we have not 
seen the cost pressures receding as expected. The bars you see on this chart represent the three 
commodities that we use the most in terms of value.  You can see the price upcharge in the fiscal year 22/23 
was even higher than the increase in fiscal year 21/22, and they are not showing signs of receding.  This 

means bottom-line pressures will remain. Of course this could differ based on the particular commodities 
that impact each industry. 
I return now to more PGHH statistics, and some long-term data.  
Our Integrated Growth Strategies are working for us. We have delivered consistent high single-digit sales 
growth over the past 10 years, while at the same time delivering a cumulative annual profit growth of 13%, 
while becoming more and more asset efficient. Our return on equity has improved 54% during this period. 
Our operating profit margin during this period has increased by 550 basis points. 
Another way to look at these numbers is in absolute. Our absolute sales have grown 2.3 times over the past 
10 years, while profits have more than trebled, demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver superior 
execution of our strategies. We have also created significant shareholder value over this period. Our 
dividend per share over the past 10 years has increased by 6 times, and our share prices have reflected the 
consistency of business result delivery.  
Once again, our integrated growth strategies enable us to bring consumer centricity to life, and have been 
the guiding forces enabling these results. We are confident that these are the right strategies to navigate 
the near-term. 
I’m now going to move to the Q&A session and would like to thank you for sending your questions in 
advance.  
1. Many of you had questions on category growth expectation for the next few years. I quote One 
question here from Mr. Mudit Minocha from M3 Investment, which is- What is the category growth 
expected for the next 5 to 7 years? 
- 
We expect volume consumption growth within the FMCG category to be in the mid-single digits 
over the next 5-7 years. There are however several categories where consumption is 
underdeveloped, whether we look at the potential to further improve and impact consumer lives, 
or if we compare to other countries with similar per capita income. We see an opportunity to grow 
these categories double-digit. To make this a reality, the role we see companies like P&G play is to 
continue to drive awareness and education, make our products available to consumers at varied 
price points and retail channels, and continue to delight them with superior propositions at the right 
value.  
 
2. There were quite a few questions on our current market share or strategies to defend that market 
share and long term, you know plans and strategies going forward. Again, Mr. Mudit Minocha from 
M3 Investment asked this Mr. Vishal Gutka from Phillip Capital, asked a similar question. Mr. Akshay 
Jogani from Xponent Tribe, Mr. Aman Batra from Goldman Sachs Asset Management, and Mr. 
Ranjeet Hingorani all asked similar questions. 
- 
We are market leaders in both Feminine care category (nearly half the market) and in the Cough 
and Cold category (over half the market). This has been possible because our focus has actually 
been to grow and build the category, and that’s what we will continue to focus on. Our Integrated 
Growth Strategy will continue to form the primary foundation for us. This means focusing on 
delighting and serving consumers, customers, society and shareowners through the five strategic 
and integrated choices: a portfolio of daily-use products in categories where performance drives 
brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and 
value; productivity in everything we do; constructive disruption across the value chain; and an agile, 
accountable and empowered organization. This strategy has helped us navigate multiple challenges 
in the recent past, and we are confident these are the right ones to hold us in good stead in the 
times to come.  
 

3. Mr. Vishal Gutka, Phillip Capital, asked if recent distribution expansion will help us to do or to gain 
meaningful market share and volume growth. 
- 
There was never any question of whether distribution expansion directly leads to market and 
category growth, as we are making our products available and better serving our consumers and 
customers. The question was - can we go deeper in a sufficiently cost-effective manner and  grow 
profitably? That is the question we have answered positively with our recent distribution expansion  
Talking more about how we did it – we developed an in-house Artificial intelligence & machine 
learnings algorithm that analyses consumer behavior patterns to customize a range of P&G 
products at a store level. With this, we have transitioned from a cluster-based planning to 
store/neighborhood-based planning. This win-win model is helpful for the consumer in making their 
desired products available, and helpful for the storeowners helping them optimize inventory and 
significantly reducing non-moving stock.  
4. How's raw material scenario currently? – a question from Mr. Nikunj Gala – Sundaram AMC 
- 
I believe I covered this in my presentation where I talked about, you know, how the commodities 
are moving and and that covers you know the the question on raw material as well. 
 
5. Plans to merge with other unlisted entities in India - a question from Mr. Rohit Kadam from Entrust 
- 
This was a recurring theme and many of you asked questions on integration merger opportunities. 
While we can't comment on this price sensitive information, our current corporate structure in India 
is delivering strong results. We will continue to focus on creating value for all our stakeholders.  
 
6. Any new categories you plan to enter - a question from Mr. Rohit Kadam from Entrust. Similarly, 
Mr. Sandeep Shanbagh from Excelsior also asked if the company intends to enter into new product 
categories other than feminine hygiene and cough and cold. 
- 
While we can’t talk about what is in the future, this year has been great in terms of our brands 
upgrading and introducing innovations across the portfolio. This includes Vicks ZzzQuil- World’s #1 
Sleep Supplement, Vicks 2-in-1 Roll-On Inhaler and Vicks Xtra Strong on the healthcare portfolio, 
and the consumer favourites Whisper Hygiene Comfort, Whisper Choice Nights and Whisper softs 
in new avatars! 
 
7. How's the competitive intensity currently? – a question from Mr. Nikunj Gala – Sundaram AMC 
- 
After a couple of years of flat volume growth, the industry as a whole is looking to come back 
strongly, and competitive activity is fairly intense. Healthy competition enables category growth, 
and we are all for it.  
 
8. There were a couple of questions on our ad spends. What percentage of ad spend is management 
comfortable with in the long term? – a question from Mr. Nikunj Gala – Sundaram AMC, while Ms. 
Manasvi Shah from ICICI asked about how will our ad spends pan out for rest of the year and next 
year?  
- 
The ad spend is not determined by comfort, it is a function of the business need at hand and the 
right scale of consumer awareness needed to address it. Therefore, this could vary from year to 
year. The focus has always been, and remains, growing the category by delighting our consumers 
with superior propositions, and locating the relevant touchpoints to create awareness with the right 
consumer audience.  
 
9. Do you propose to expand manufacturing for exporting as well? – a question from Mr. Kailash M 
Rustagi, VNS Risk Management Services. 
- 
Today, our footprint in India also serves consumers across many other markets, including Nepal, 
Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Philippines, South Africa to name a few.  

 
10. How much does e-commerce channel contribute to your total sales? – a question from Ms. 
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani, from The Hindu Business Line 
- 
E-commerce is already contributing in double digits to our overall revenue, but of course differs by 
category and the choice a business makes on the channels for each segment. But this strong growth 
and momentum can be attributed to evolving consumer habits, where consumers are shopping 
online to meet their needs instantly. Along with this, E-commerce is opening up a new set of 
avenues to reach, target and engage consumers. In fact, we are also learning and seeing early wins 
on specific formats like quick commerce.  
Taking an example… 
Whisper has a single-minded focus on developing evolving segments like Nights, and bringing in 
new users via driving education, leveraging right topicalities, and creating buzz regarding bundles. 
Whisper Nights is growing at 150Ix vs year ago, bringing a lot of the segment growth. 
Vicks ZZZQuil, one of our newest launches, seeks to help Indian consumers with the rest they 
deserve and drive a significant mindset shift across consumers, pharmacists, and customers. Zzzquil 
is the #1 product in P3M on e-commerce portals in the sleep aids category. 
11. Mr. Gokul Maheshwari from Awrig asked us, can you comment on the penetration and per capita 
usage, what has been the capital growth and your market share movement in the last five years. 
Again, a lot of you ask very similar questions, Mr. Ronak Soni from Equirus Securities asked us, again 
about low penetration levels. Mr. Ankit Gupta from SBI Funds Management, asked how do we 
expand the market size for women hygiene segment- In terms of educating the market, removing 
the taboo etc.? Similarly, Mr. Vicky Punjabi, Mr. Chockalingam Narayanan, Ms. Disha Sheth asked 
very similar questions. 
- 
Fem Care category is of course characterized by generations of taboos and stereotypes, preventing 
girls from availing timely and appropriate awareness about periods and hygiene. Therefore, our 
focus over last 3 decades has been to drive menstrual health education and hygiene. Till date, we 
have educated over 10 crore girls and mothers. We have also spearheaded many consumer 
movements that challenge these stereotypes – from #TouchThePickle to the recent 
#KeepGirlsInSchool.  You saw our recent communication as well during LV’s presentation. From 
being the first brand to advertise sanitary pads, to now being the first to depict female anatomy 
in advertising – Whisper has consistently challenged these taboos.  
 
This has also borne fruit – Fem care category has grown 23 times in 20 years. 20 yrs ago, ~24 crore 
pads vs ~480 crore now. While our shares have hovered around the similar mark, we have continued 
to be market leaders. This has also led to the penetration of the category, and whisper, increasing 
consistently. This reinforces our belief in category growth as the driver for not just growing our 
business, but also serving more consumers and doing good in the society… bringing to life our 
mission of being a #ForceForGrowth and #ForceForGood. 
 
12. How big is the unorganised segment in feminine hygiene and how does imports from China affect 
the sector growth rates (Mr. Ronak Soni, Equirus Securities) 
- 
Unorganized segment is around 5% of the overall market share and it has stayed the same for past 
few years. There has been no significant impact through imports, as most of the unorganised players 
operate from India.  
 
13. Mr. Shyam Mehta, Creaegis asked- I would like to know about the penetration levels of the sanitary 
pad category in India divided by urban and rural. Is there a case to have two different brands to 
address both markets? Similar question asked by Mr. Siddharth Bhattacharya from Anvil Wealth 

Management asked- What is the addressable market size for Feminine Hygiene segment in India? 
Similarly, Mr. Pratik Prajapati, Motilal Oswal asked what might be the differing contributions from 
rural and urban. Similar questions were received from Mr. Mitesh Kamdar and from Mr. Krishnan 
Sambamoorthy from Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, on what's the penetration level? 
- 
As you all would have guessed, penetration levels in rural India lag those in urban India. Roughly the 
numbers are in the ballpark range of 62% in urban India and 35% in Rural India. Having said that, 
there is significant opportunity to increase penetration even in urban areas. In terms of value spent 
per consumer, we are at about one fourth of the average BRICS consumption. The penetration and 
consumption gap only widened with the pandemic induced challenges.   
Our aim has been to address the common and diverse challenges faced by menstruators across 
markets and make superior propositions from our diverse portfolio available to them. We are doing 
this by identifying needs, designing propositions and making the products available to consumers. I 
already spoke of our extensive efforts on busting taboos and myths regarding periods.  
Our Whisper Nights portfolio is an excellent example of catering to unique consumer needs. As the 
flow menstruators experience at night is different from flow at daytime due to gravity, we have a 
product designed for it. Our Whisper Nights pads are up to 75% longer and wider to give the 
consumer maximum protection and ensure no staining during period nights.  
14. How has competitive landscape changed over the last 5 years? In a growing category like feminine 
hygiene, increased competition shouldn't really impact incumbent's growth but in the last 5 years, 
our topline growth performance has been choppy. – a question from Ms. Manasvi Shah, ICICI 
Prudential AMC 
- 
Yes, the competitive landscape has evolved, and more competition has entered the category. But 
like I said, healthy competition can also help grow the category. There have also been tough years 
given the pandemic induced challenges and commodity inflation that impacted the category and 
industry at large.  
However,  our overall growth during this period has remained strong as we’ve remained focused on 
driving our integrated growth strategy and remained focused on the consumer. 
 
15. Is there any thought on developing naturals portfolio in healthcare? – a question from Mr. Vicky 
Punjabi, UTI Mutual Fund 
- 
Actually, 90% of our healthcare portfolio is naturals, and Ayurvedic. 
 
16. What do you prefer over long term - Market share or Profitability? - a question from Mr. Ankit Gupta 
SBI Funds Management 
- 
It doesn’t have to be an “or”. We believe, and have demonstrated, that market share can be 
delivered while growing the category, top line and bottom line. We have proven that over the years 
with our Integrated Growth Strategy.  
 
17. Mr. Aman Batra from Goldman Sachs Asset Management’s question- Please share the current direct 
and indirect distribution reach and plans to expand the same. Similar question was received from 
Mr. Pratik Prajapati, Motilal Oswal Financial Services- Could you please provide information about 
P&G's existing distribution network, including the quantity and locations of their distribution 
centres? Additionally, how does P&G utilize technology to enhance the efficiency of its distribution 
operations?  
- 
While we can’t share details to that extent of our distribution network, we did cover earlier about 
how we are leveraging the power of Artificial Intelligence and Machine learning to make our 
products reach more stores, and better serve consumers from those. 
 

18. We have close to Rs. 1000 cr cash on the books, Are we looking for inorganic growth opportunity. 
If yes what kind acquisition strategy we have? – a question received from Mr. Pritesh Vora, Mission 
Street India 
- 
This is price sensitive information and I’m unable to talk about it. 
 
19. Can you please detail on product extension, if any? – a question received from Mr. Pritesh Vora, 
Mission Street India. Similar question from Mr. Abhnees Roy, Nuvama- What is Percent of new 
Products contribution? And from Mr. Aiswrya Dave, iThought- Any new products to be launched in 
near future?  
- 
Our two newest product launches have been Zzzquil sleep aid gummies and Whisper Overnight 
pants. Both are products that are unique and develop nascent category segments, and we are 
hoping to serve a specific consumer need with these products.   
 
20. Explain the nature of flowing expenses. Business process outsourcing, legal and professional 
expenses. – a question from Mr. Tejas Trivedi, Barter Capital. 
- 
Business process outsourcing expenses are the charges paid towards the services we receive from 
our shared service centre. These are in the nature of accounting, IT and back-end processes. Legal 
and Professional fees are fees that we are currently paying to legal firms that represent us as well 
as external firms and agencies that are currently helping us on tax and regulatory matters.  
 
21. What are the products from Vicks global portfolio that can be launched in India? – a question from 
Krishnan Sambamoorthy, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities. 
- 
Indian consumers are unique, with their own habits and usage practices. Taking products from the 
global Vicks portfolio and launching in India without assessing the specific consumer need in India 
can result in lukewarm business outcomes. The starting point is always unearthing the consumer 
need. Post which, we assess the best way to serve this consumer need, including assessing the 
products from our rich global portfolio. The launch of Zzzquil, Vicks Steampods, and Whisper Period 
Panties are prime examples of the global portfolio products serving the needs of our Indian 
consumers. 
 
22. Any thoughts on reviving Old Spice brand to the fullest? – a question from Mr. Amit Kadam, Canara 
Robeco 
- 
Clearly, like myself a lover of the brand. We continue to make best efforts to grow the brand. As the 
Aerosol/Deodorant and After Shave Lotion categories expand, we strive to grow Old Spice with it.  
 
23. The recently announced capex of Rs. 2000 Cr in digestives for exports will be done under P&GHH, 
if Yes, then by why it would get completed. The expected asset turns are same as current business 
structure? Mr. Priyank Chheda, Vallum Capital and Mr. Kailash M Rustagi, VNS Risk Management 
had similar questions. 
- 
The announcement pertains to a different legal entity.  
 
24. Have you begun witnessing green shoots in rural regions? Ms. Meenakshi Verma Ambwani, The 
Hindu Business Line 
- 
Yes, indeed there are visible signs of green shoots in the rural economy. As I said earlier, we remain 
optimistic about the growth, with some concerns about the monsoon and retail inflation, but the 
broader trend is encouraging. Of course, it will also require companies like us to continue to invest 
in rural growth through awareness, trial and distribution, which we are already working towards.  
 
25. There were a couple of questions on margins, Mr. Mitesh Kamdar, Aditya Equity Investments 
asked about what's the long term band for EBIT margins? Mr. Abhneesh Roy, Nuvama asked- 

How will margins evolve this year? and Mr. Amit Kadam, Canara Robeco asked- How do see Gross 
margin and A&P behaving in current financial year i.e. FY 23-24?  
- 
We will continue to drive both topline and bottom-line, as well as EBITDA margins. The exact band 
is difficult to predict but we aim to grow bottom-line ahead of topline in the foreseeable future. 
This will enable us to fund innovation, raise the bar on superiority, and absorb macro headwinds.  
 
26. The next question was on what's the internal benchmark for growth and is it the market share 
multiplier to GDP? Mr. Ajay Garg, AM3 Ventures 
- 
We have a bouquet of benchmarks that we define for ourselves, including Top line and Bottom Line 
growth, Category Growth, Cost and Cash, Organization growth, with Ethics and Corporate Social 
Responsibility guiding everything we do.  
 
27. The next question was on force from Ms. Disha Sheth from Anvil Shares & Stock Broking, on 
What's the company's thought on process of decomposition of feminine hygiene products? Are 
we coming out with products which are environmental friendly/recycle?  
We are on a journey of sustainability and continue to work with the government and all the other 
stakeholders. We continue to work with different state authorities and organizations to enable 
collection as part of our Extended Producers Responsibility.  We are also working on partnerships 
with the municipalities and NGOs, who collect the waste that consumers will segregate, and are 
testing technologies to upcycle. 
In fact, Environmental Sustainability has been deeply embedded in P&G's business practices for 
many years. We consistently strive to minimize our environmental impact and encourage 
consumers and suppliers to do the same across 4 scientific focus areas – Water, Waste, Climate, 
Nature. We take pride in being collecting back more plastic packaging waste in India than we put 
out, being zero-waste-to-landfill across sites and leveraging renewable energy in our operations. 
We have made strong commitments, including an ambitious Climate Transition Action Plan 
Ambition 2030, which accelerates our efforts to combat climate change. We have committed to 
being Net Zero by 2040. 
In conclusion, we hope today’s session was both informative and exciting for you. We have endeavoured to 
respond to most of the questions that we received from you – either in the presentations or in the Q&A 
section at the end. Some questions, while not called out, would have also been addressed as part of what 
you heard from us today.   
Once again, we thank you for joining us on the call today.  You may disconnect now. Have a great day!  
Thank You. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of English 
language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
 
