~
KRITI INDUSTRIES
(INDIA) LIMITED
-rA~------~
I ~
BRILLIANT SAPPHIRE, 801-804, 8th FLOOR, PLOT NO. 10, SCHEME 78-II, VIJAYNAGAR,
INDORE - 452010 (M.P.) INDIA. PHONE No.: (+91-731)
2719100.
REGD. OFF.: "MEHTACHAMBERS", 34, SIYAGANJ,INDORE - 452007 Phone: (+91-731) 2540963
E-mail: info@kritiindia.com Website: http://www.kritiindia.com
CIN : L25206MP1990PLC005732
KIILlSE/2023-24
15th November, 2023
Online filing at: www.listing.bseindia.com
and
https:llneaps.nseindia.comINEWLISTINGCORP/login.jsp
To,
BSE Limited
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy
Towers,
Dalal Street
Mumbai - 400001(M.H.)
BSE Script ID: KRITIIND,
BSE CODE: 526423
To,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)
Mumbai - 400 051(M.H.)
Symbol: KRITI
Subject: Transcript
of Earning
Conference
Call held on 09th November, 2023.
Dear Sir / Madam,
We enclose
herewith
transcript
of Earning
Conference
Call of Kriti Industries
(India)
Limited
with
the Investors
and Analysts
held on Thursday,
November
9, 2023.
The
aforesaid
information
is
also
being
hosted
on
the
website
of
the
Company
www.kritiindustries.com.
Please take note of the same in your records.
Thanking
You
Yours faithfully,
For, Kriti Industries
(India) Limited
TanujSethi
Company Secretary
& Compliance
Officer
Encl: As above
TANUJ 
SETHI
Digitally signed 
by TANUJ SETHI 
Date: 2023.11.15 
13:02:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
Kriti Industries (India) Limited 
FYQ224 Earnings Conference Call 
November 9th, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the FYQ224 Earnings Conference Call of Kriti 
Industries (India) Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing 
*, then 0on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you ma'am. 
Purvangi Jain  
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisor. We represent the investor relations of Kriti Industries (India) Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
earnings call for the second quarter of the financial year 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's con call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risk and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions 
made by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned 
not to place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now let me introduce you to the management participating with us in today's conference 
call. And I will hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Shiv Singh 
Mehta, chairman and managing director and Mr. Rajesh Sisodia, Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Shiv Singh Mehta to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Thank you, Purvangi. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to this earnings conference 
call of Kriti Industries (India) Limited for the second quarter for the financial year 2024. I'm 
pleased to announce that FYQ224, the company has registered an overall growth of 32% and 
43% in terms of volume and value respectively on year-on-year basis. With total sales volume 
at 11,150 metric tons at against volume of 8451 metric tons, this growth in volumes was 
supported by increased efforts of market penetration and network development of building 
materials.  

 
Page 2 of 10 
For the first half of FY24,the company registered an overall growth of 70% and 49% in terms 
of volume and value respectively on year-on-year basis. However, comparison with last year 
is not appropriate as we faced difficulties after the fire we had faced.  
Now I hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Rajesh Sisodia to give you financial highlights.  
Rajesh Sisodia: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me take you through the financial 
performance of our company on a consolidated basis. The revenue for the second quarter 
financial year 2024 was around Rs. 150 crores, which was 43% higher on a year-on-year basis. 
Our EBITDA stood at Rs. 10 crores with EBITDA margins of approx. 6.95% and net profit was 
reported at Rs. 2.5 crore. The revenue for the first half ofFY24 was around Rs. 429 crores, 
registering a growth of 49% on YoY basis. EBITDA profit was around Rs. 28 crores with EBITDA 
margins reported at around 6.48% and net profit was around Rs. 10 crores.  
Talking about the segment wise revenue contribution for the first half financial year 2024, our 
agricultural segment contributed around 61% and industrial solutions contributed 26% with 
building products contributing 11%.  
Thank you. I would like now like to open up the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vani Desai from Total Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vani Desai: 
Hi. Good afternoon, sir. My first question is that Q3 is generally a strong quarter for us given 
that the rains have subsided. How do you see demand on the ground and is there any impact 
of erratic monsoon that you see for the demand for our products in the coming quarter? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
As far as demand scenario is concerned, as you said, there have been some erratic nature of 
monsoon, but at the same time the prices of current material, that is PVC and polyethylene 
are at the lower level, more comfortable level for the buyers. So, we expect good volume 
growth. 
Vani Desai: 
Okay. Second question on the building product side, in the first half, we have already done 
around Rs. 50 crores and that's a very good growth in Q2, in spite of being a slower quarter 
we have done a very decent volume there. So, you know what your expectation for the 
current year is and since now our product portfolio is complete and we said that we'll now 
start adding dealers also since we have stabilized. So, how do you look at you know growth in 
the building product side, you know for the next year?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We are seeing a month-on-month increase in our volumes and market is, I mean efforts are 
on. As I've been telling you that we will be putting in these two three quarters extensively for 

 
Page 3 of 10 
improving our market penetration and width of our distribution. And we continue to do that. 
So, we expect that we will be able to generate better volumes in second-half over first half.  
Vani Desai: 
Okay. Essentially, you know, we should be able to cross Rs. 100 crore this year and then grow 
from there next year, right? That's the right way to there. 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Exactly, how we feel.  
Vani Desai: 
Okay. And sir, in spite of increased contribution from building products, I think our EBITDA 
margins are still, you know 6.5% - 7% and I understand this is a lean quarter, but even if I look 
at the raw material to the total sales, I think it's currently around 25% which is I think 
historically we have around 22% to 23%, we are above that number. So, you know, shall we 
be able to maintain and improve this number going forward as building product contribution 
rises in the coming quarter? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We are sure that we should be able to do that. I have been maintaining that. I mean coming 
for two – three quarters, this critical volume our efforts to grow market and expenditure 
towards development will continue to be pushing our EBITDA margins to some extent. But 
I'm quite hopeful going forward, we should be in a much better position.  
Vani Desai: 
But any color on what kind of investment that we are doing to grow the building products 
both on manpower side, on promotion side, any quantitative number around that or at least 
you know impact of that on EBITDA margin? And is this investment going to continue for the 
rest of the year and next year, how should we look at that?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, normally development of a new product in markets entails about 4% or 5% of extra 
expenses to make a beginning. So, I mean it's very difficult to define in numbers because it 
will be you know month to month efforts go on changing and number of volumes come after 
you make initial effort, so I would say we will maintain better margins than what we have 
seen in Q2 and going forward we will continue improving quarter on quarter thereafter.  
Vani Desai: 
Okay, and last question from my side. So, I think PVC prices had dipped and then again 
slightly bounced back. So, was there any impact of the same on our numbers in terms of any 
inventory losses or that number was inconsequential?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see what kind of volatility in polymer prices have shown in last two – two and half years, 
now this Rs. 4 - Rs. 5 drip either side we have to take it in stride. So, this time also there was a 
price fall in the last quarter of Rs. 3 to Rs. 4 over beginning to end of the quarter. But 
thereafter in this month of October now market prices of material have stabilized or 
improved a bit.  
Vani Desai: 
Okay. So, essentially there is no major impact in terms of trade losses for our numbers? 

 
Page 4 of 10 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Right. 
Vani Desai: 
I may have more questions. I'll come back, thank you.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Sure.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sahil Jain. Please go ahead.  
Sahil Jain: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, a couple of questions from my side. So, the first one is, 
are we getting any benefits from the government schemes?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
As we are still in the process of getting our registrations through at many places where we 
are still to make a beginning in a meaningful way.  
Sahil Jain: 
Okay. And my other question is why the company is not able to achieve similar margins to its 
peer companies? So, especially when those peers are able to attain better margins?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, initially we have a lot of efforts to develop markets. So, our expenses are far more 
than industry average, and our volumes are low. So, on a lower base, if your expenses are 
high, your margins will suffer. It takes time to build it up.  
Sahil Jain: 
Okay I understood. So, the last question from my side. So, what led to expansion in the 
margins in FYQ224 compared to FYQ223?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, last year was a different year for us. So, any comparison with last year will not be 
meaningful because we went through a very difficult phase when we had a major fire. And 
then there were trading losses because we could not convert our current asset into sales. So, 
I mean there are no comparable numbers. So, if we can claim to have boasted much better 
margins than last year, but that's not relevant if you ask me.  
Sahil Jain: 
Okay, all the best thank you.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Thank you.   
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Majumdar from Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Thanks for the opportunity. So, my first question was, can you provide some information 
about our major clients or top clients in the industry segment and in the percentage break up 
more detailed way?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, see, as I have been maintaining, we are trying to develop our building material and that's 
where our major efforts are today. Our agriculture segment is growing as such on a regular 

 
Page 5 of 10 
basis because we are pretty strong brand in the areas where we focus and we have a major 
market share in the areas. So, we will continue to grow with the industry and whatever little 
extra effort we make and extra additional growth comes to us. As far as institutional sales are 
concerned, we are quite circumscribed in the sense that we don't want to get aggressive 
there. We will continue to maintain a reasonable presence within the limits and boundaries 
which this kind of industry offers, maintaining our total exposure to that in a limited budget 
what we have internally, we keep deciding upon. The reason is that most of the EPC 
contractors generally run into payment problems once government payments don't come 
through in time. So, that's where we are there. Volumes are possible, but we are quite 
circumscribed and careful. Do I answer your questions?  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Yeah, pretty much. Also another question was what is the overall demand for our products in 
central India and are we experiencing significant sales in region beyond central India and also 
in other companies, we just heard about some issues in the pipeline which are coming up in 
supply chain. So, could you throw some light on this regard? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No, I'm not very clear about the question. Can you repeat what you really want to know?  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Yeah. Mainly I want to know overall demand for our products in central India and are you 
experiencing any significant pipe sales? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Yes, the demand is good and we still maintain that going forward, the prospects are good and 
we are maintaining fairly good supply side for the central portions of India where we are well 
known brand.  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Okay. And basis on the supply chain issues for the pipe this quarter? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
No supply chain issues are not much to be experienced, so I think that is fairly comfortable, 
from the raw material side to finish goods side, things are okay.  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Okay. And just have a last question. Why did your financing costs and depreciation increase in 
H1 compared to H1 FY23? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Financial costs have gone up a bit in terms of new investments we have made. So, that is 
what is reflected in our numbers.  
Sonali Majumdar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Total Capital. Please go ahead.  
Dhwani Desai: 
Sir, we have seen a very sharp jump on the industrial side and I think in the last call also had 
indicated that the demand is good, but we will actually shuffle in that. But at least this 

 
Page 6 of 10 
quantum of volume you know can be maintained without taking a new credit risk. How do 
you see that demand for next two – three quarters? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Demand is certainly good. We will be very careful in committing anything beyond this based 
on our experiences on payment side of EPC contractors. So, far payments are coming well 
and within our disciplined working parameters. So, till that time we are working and we will 
not go beyond that.  
Dhwani Desai: 
Okay. And also, on the agri and building product, both the sides, if you can give us some 
sense as to how the non-MP, Rajasthan states are scaling up? And any new states that we 
have entered into or the entire growth is coming from the existing states, but slightly newer 
than the MP and Rajasthan. Some color on that? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, as you have said, the demand side for agriculture is good. Building material we are 
seeing that from the states we had entered, we are improving month in month out and we 
will continue to operate in these states till we mature them. We will not try to go to newer 
unchartered territories on immediate basis.  
Dhwani Desai: 
So, that will be largely MP, Rajasthan and Maharashtra, right, these three states.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Building material we have some extended territories as I've been telling you, we have gone to 
some states in South. We are working on some of the northern states like UP and others 
which we will continue. And as our market experience improves and matures, we will further 
steer our business plan.  
Dhwani Desai: 
Okay. Sir, wherever we are present currently and whatever current dealership that we have 
kind of appointed for building products and the marketing people that we have employed, all 
put together, can we scale this business from let's say Rs. 100 crore to Rs. 250 crores without 
making any new entry into new states or kind of adding more dealers or increasing marketing 
strength? What is the current setup? What is the optimal revenue that you can get?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Absolutely what you have said is on spot because our market shares are fairly small. So, even 
if we improve our market share by a few points, say we become a reasonable player in these 
areas. We will get these numbers from the same market without unnecessarily going into 
new territories or geographies.  
Dhwani Desai: 
Okay. And last question, sir, on the building product side, I think almost everybody is entering 
in this space or anybody who is in the pipe segment and I think we have kind of discussed it 
before, you said that the market is very large and hence there is room for everybody but at 
the end of the day, we have to compete with the smaller and larger both kind of players. How 
is it that everybody is entering in this market and still are able to make good margins? 

 
Page 7 of 10 
Generally, when any industry, space gets crowded, the margin will come under pressure. So, 
aren't we seeing that kind of a possibility or scenario playing out?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see presently Indian market is growing fairly fast and on a continuous basis. So, going 
forward for coming 5-6 years, I don't see a challenge there because the industry capacity 
addition and the total demand will more or less keep industry comfortable.  
Dhwani Desai: 
Okay. That's it from my side.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please go 
ahead.  
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you, sir. I'm so sorry if I can be repetitive, sir, I missed some initial parts of the 
commentary, With regards to demand overall on the agri and the building product side, given 
the rains thereby till first week of September the rains were deficient but somewhere in third 
and fourth week the rainfall was quite high, heavy in some of the major markets where we 
are operating including MP and Rajasthan. So, typically now how do you see the scenario in 
terms of the overall demand going ahead? And since third quarter is generally a very good 
quarter for us compared to the second quarter and also going ahead for the next year season, 
somewhere the stocking will happen by the retailers from the fourth quarter onwards. So, 
how do we see the scenario going ahead?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see what you said is right, that there were challenges due to erratic monsoon this time, 
while up to July it was very good, August was totally wiped out in terms of rains and 
September there were heavy rains once again. But overall, the crop situation has not been 
very poor. It's been fair. #2 the prices at which raw material is today is very comfortable for a 
customer to make a buy decision because he has seen much higher prices in the past. So, it's 
comfortable. So, we are seeing good growth. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And this is for both agri and for building products.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Yes, both sides.  
Rahul Jain: 
And, sir with regards to margins, typically since our industrial has been much better for last 
two three quarters, if you can quantify typically what is the difference between the margins 
of agri, building products and the industrial side, because I understand industrial is the lowest 
margin business. So, is that somewhere the industrial proportion as a total has been higher 
whereby the margins are lower? And how would it go high?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Our efforts of developing market entail much more expenses because our base is smaller on 
building material. So, till the building material volume gets ramped up, our margins will 
automatically improve.  

 
Page 8 of 10 
Rahul Jain: 
And in what time do we estimate those margins? Typically, this development expenditure 
and promotional, which we have been doing for last three four quarters, somewhere are we 
at the peak of that or now will that start reducing? How do we look at it? Because even in last 
quarter when our sales were really very good, somehow the margins were a bit 
disappointing.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
I appreciate your point, but as I said even last time in the call that at least for two quarters, I 
see little stretch on the margins because of promotional efforts will continue to make.  
Rahul Jain: 
So, probably you are trying to hint that from third quarter onwards somewhere the margin 
should be improving now? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
They should start showing improvement, but real improvement will only come next year.  
Rahul Jain: 
Next year.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Yeah, because another two quarters, they will continuously show improvement because our 
investments will continue, but our volumes are since improving, the base is larger for 
absorbing those promotional costs. 
Rahul Jain: 
And with regards to building products, since you mentioned that we have been putting in a 
lot of promotional as well as development expenditure for building products, we are done 
with the SKUs also now and I understand that the overall building products is doing well this 
year. And so going ahead in the next year, what kind of growth we can see on the building 
product side? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We will be certainly closing this year, I mean second-half at a higher numbers than the first 
half. So, going forward next year, we should see a fairly good quantum jump in building 
material with all the basic requirements in place.  
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, thank you, sir, and best wishes and wish you and the entire team at Kriti, a very happy 
Diwali.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Thank you so much. We need your good wishes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Singh from Robo Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Aditya Singh: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, can you please share how much PVC prices are as of 
now, one in Q2 and at present for our company?  

 
Page 9 of 10 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
I have a division of totally agri sales. I don't have specific information on my table about PVC 
or any specific product, so I can ask our accounts, finance and you can connect. They will 
share the information.  
Aditya Singh: 
Alright and again we understand that the capacity utilization depends on the demand 
ultimately, but any inspirational target as to where are we looking this demand next year and 
ultimately where should we reach in terms of capacity utilization in the following two years?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, we clearly see good demand from customers at these raw material prices. So, we 
should see a significant jump. Industry should be growing at an average of 7% to 8% because 
overall growth is clearly visible. So, we must be targeting little beyond that number.  
Aditya Singh: 
Okay. Little beyond 8% to 9%. Alright, thank you. That was my question.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Total Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Sir, thanks for the opportunity again, Sir, for building products, do we need to do any further 
CAPEX in the coming year to grow the business substantially from Rs. 100 crore onwards and 
if so, what would be the quantum?  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
You see, building product is a business where you have to continuously increase your range, 
better designs and developments. So, CAPEX will be a continuous process but it will all 
depend how far and how quickly we are able to ramp up to the numbers because at every 
level of growth you will be looking at next level of products and business offers opportunities. 
So, it will all depend what time we strike, the critical number for a particular Stage-1, Stage-2, 
Stage-3. So, we will definitely need CAPEX cycles, but it will all depend where we are by next 
year and then we'll decide on the kind of CAPEX we will be doing.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
So, whatever Rs. 30crores - Rs. 35 crore of CAPEX that we have done that would hold us good 
for what Rs. 140 crores - Rs. 150 crores kind of a number.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
All depends on the - no for Rs. 100 crores business cycle we have nothing to say. We are 
there, we'll do it and already proceeding to that line. But if we become little ambitious next 
year, say we want to grow by another Rs. 50 crores or Rs. 100 crores, then we'll have to go for 
more CAPEX and then we'll plan that.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And that would be incremental in nature like say Rs. 15 - Rs. 20 crore kind of a number, 
right? So, it will be a Brownfield CAPEX? 
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We are able to ramp up because ultimately capacity limitation will come through the line 
throughput. So, if you have to increase your line capacities then you will need, if you want, to 

 
Page 10 of 10 
raise the basic range you already have. So, it's a question which would depend on the actual 
business scenario we are able to create for ourselves.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. And I think in the last call and even previously you had indicated that for the further 
CAPEX from the agreed side or get entering a new state in terms of putting up a new facility, 
we'll take a call after we look through two or three quarters. So, have we made any decisions 
around that or we're still kind of contemplating?   
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
We are studying the subject. We are seriously evaluating when we should really get into that 
kind of action. I mean we have said that after two or three quarters, we'll definitely look at it. 
So, we are definitely considering the options and evaluating them.  
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I'll now hand the conference over to Mr. Shiv 
Singh Mehta from Kriti Industries (India) Limited for closing comments.  
Shiv Singh Mehta: 
Thank you, all the participants. You have been very kind to find time even in this festive 
season to be with us. And thank you for your encouragement. We look forward to more 
positive and constructive dialogue. I wish all of you a very happy Diwali and happy New Year. 
All the best. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kriti Industries (India) Limited that concludes this conference today. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
