26th October, 2023 
Stock Code BSE: 500696 
 NSE: HINDUNILVR  
 ISIN: INE030A01027 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter ended 30th September, 2023 
This is further to our letter dated 19th October, 2023, whereby the Company had submitted the link 
to the audio/video recording of the Earnings Call held post announcement of Financial Results 
for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023. 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the said 
earnings call, for your information and records. 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.hul.co.in/investor-relations/results-presentations/quarterly-results/september-
quarter-2023-results/. 
Please take the above information on record. 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Dev Bajpai 
Executive Director, Legal & Corporate Affairs 
and Company Secretary 
DIN:00050516 / FCS No: F3354 
BSE Limited, 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
DEVOPAM 
NARENDRA 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed by 
DEVOPAM NARENDRA 
BAJPAI 
Date: 2023.10.26 17:23:02 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“September Quarter 2023  
Earnings Call of  
Hindustan Unilever Limited” 
 
 
October 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Rohit Jawa, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director 
Mr. Ritesh Tiwari, CFO and Executive Director, Finance and IT  
Mr. A Ravishankar, Group Finance Controller and Head of Investor Relations 
 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 2 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hindustan Unilever Limited 
Conference Call for the Results for September Quarter Ended 30th September 
2023. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravishankar, Group Controller and 
Head of Investor Relations. Thank you and over to you sir. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good evening all and welcome to the Conference Call of 
Hindustan Unilever Limited. This evening, we will be covering the results for 
the quarter and half-year ended 30th September 2023. On the call with me is 
Rohit Jawa, our CEO and Managing Director and Ritesh Tiwari, our CFO. 
We’ll start the presentation with Rohit sharing an overview of the operating 
environment, our performance in the quarter and our key focus areas. Ritesh 
will then cover our financial results in more detail and also share the near-term 
outlook. We expect the prepared remarks to take about 20 to 25 minutes, and 
leaving us with ample time for Q&A.  
Before we get started with the presentation, I would like to draw your attention 
to the Safe Harbor statement included in the presentation for good order sake. 
With that, over to you Rohit.  
Rohit Jawa: 
Thanks Ravi. Good evening, everyone. It’s a pleasure to interact with all of 
you. 
Let me first start before I begin the presentation to share a milestone that you 
have crossed recently. We completed 90 years of corporate existence on 17th 
October. This is a testament to the strength of our business, dedication of our 
people, unwavering support of all our stakeholders, and a long-held belief that 
‘What is good for India is good for HUL’. It is indeed a proud moment for us 
to share with you. 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 3 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Starting now, with an overview of the operating environment. The demand 
trends in this quarter remained stable and were similar to last quarter. Market 
volumes grew in high single digits year-on-year. However, we need to be 
mindful that this came on a base period where volumes declined mid-single 
digits and hence, cumulatively two years market volumes remained largely flat. 
Urban and within that modern trade and large packs are leading growth for the 
FMCG market. On the other hand, rural demand remained subdued, with 
volumes continuing to decline marginally on a two-year basis. Price growth in 
the market is tailing off as expected with FMCG players continuing to pass on 
the benefit of lower input costs to consumers. This is reflected in a sequential 
reduction in market price growth with September quarter at 3% versus 8% in 
June quarter. Consumers are yet to experience deflation which largely explains 
why the volume recovery is gradual. The other lens to look at is price growth 
over a three-year period which as you can see is a substantial 25% increase.  
FMCG market continues to witness heightened competitive intensity. As we 
spoke during June quarter results, we are seeing the resurgence of small and 
regional players in select categories and price-points, many of whom had 
vacated the market during the peak of inflation. For instance, when you look 
at Tea or Detergent bars, smaller players are growing significantly ahead of 
large players.  
We are also seeing a sharp increase in the media intensity. Aggregate media 
deployment in our category increased by over 20% versus the same period last 
year.  
In this challenging backdrop, we delivered a resilient performance in the 
quarter. We have scaled a new milestone by crossing Rs.15,000 crores 
quarterly turnover mark for the first time.  
Our Underlying Sales Growth was 4% with the Underlying Volume Growth of 
about 2.5%.  
EBITDA margin at 24.6% improved 130 basis points year-on-year. Profit after 
tax before exceptional items and EPS grew 12% and 4% respectively.  

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 4 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Talking about market share performance - our growth was competitive with 
about 60% of our business winning value shares. We continue to win volume 
shares in more than 75% of the business, which is an important marker as we 
move from price lead growth to a volume lead growth.  
There are certain pockets of our portfolio primarily in the mass end, where we 
have seen a dip in our value market shares. However, on a sustained basis we 
have been winning shares in large parts of our business leading to significant 
corporate share gains over the last two years.  
Speaking about progress made on some of our key sustainability initiatives: 
As a part of our sustainability goals that we had announced last year we have 
Net zero goals, which aim to achieve zero emission in our operations by 2030 
and across the value chain by 2039. We have been decarbonizing our own 
operations driven by the rapid adoption of clean energy in our factories. Nearly 
100% of our electricity is from renewable sources and we have replaced fossil 
fuels with biofuels for thermal energy.  
However, large part of emissions comes from outside of our operations through 
ingredients purchased from our suppliers. More than half of our scope three 
emissions is actually in the Home Care business value chain.  
With an aim to mobilize actions to achieve net zero, we hosted more than 100 
representatives from our Home Care supplies across the world in our first 
Clean Future India Summit. As part of the Summit, we announced two major 
initiatives: 
1. “World’s First Near Zero Carbon Soda Ash” in partnership with 
Tuticorin Alkali Chemicals & Fertilizers Limited. 
2. The scale-up of low carbon sodium silicate in partnership with 
Sudarshan Silicate Private Limited. 
Talking about another initiative, you must be aware of our Shakti program. We 
work with over 1.9 lakh women entrepreneurs to transform their lives and 
livelihoods. A couple of weeks back I visited Kanjatapur, a village in South 
Bengal where I met Paromita. She is one of our Shakti entrepreneurs. She has 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 5 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
been associated with us for over 12 years, I was delighted to hear her proudly 
narrate her passion with sales, financial independence and being able to 
provide for her family. She’s an influencer in her own right. She also spoke 
about amplifying HUL’s nutrition awareness project which we call ‘Mera 
Poshan Mera Gaon’ - a reminder that she doesn’t just sell HUL products in the 
hinterland, but she also serves as a beacon of social change and 
entrepreneurship in her community.  
Shakti entrepreneurs are up skilling and becoming digitally savvy and 
restocking their products using our e-B2B app, Shikhar. We have now 
onboarded over one lakh Shakti entrepreneurs on the Shikhar app. Shakti 
continues to grow from strength to strength and is indeed a testament to our 
belief of doing well by doing good. 
As you are also aware, we were the first FMCG company which partnered with 
ONDC when we went live with U-Shop a year back. We are further extending 
our partnership with ONDC by leveraging Shikhar with an intent to 
democratize e-commerce for small retailers.  
With the help of an integrated module in Shikhar called the Shikhar Seller app, 
neighbourhood kirana stores can now go on live on ONDC seamlessly and sell 
the entire catalogue of products online.  
This is now live in two cities, New Delhi and Bengaluru, covering about 60 
outlets as a pilot and we will be further scaling it based on retailer feedback.  
Let me shift focus from the ‘here and now’ to the longer term. I’m a big 
believer in the India story and opportunity. We are the fifth largest economy 
with the GDP worth $3 trillion, growing at a fast pace and well poised to 
become the third largest in the few years. The demographics also stack in our 
favor - 20% of the world’s working population, over a billion reside in India. 
10 million get added every year to the workforce, giving us a huge 
demographic dividend.  
India is leading the Digital revolution. The IndiaStack is one-of-its-kind digital 
scalable public infrastructures, based on identity, payments and consent-based 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 6 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
data sharing. Just to give you the magnitude, we have more than 130 crore 
Aadhaar card holders. In the years to come, application based on the digital 
infrastructure, such as ONDC for digital commerce, ULIP for logistics, 
Ayushman Bharat for electronic health records amongst others, will spur 
innovations and new growth. While in several other more developed nations, 
digitalization is a privilege, in India digitization has been democratized to reach 
even the grass root levels, with the initiatives such as Aadhaar, Jan Dhan 
Yojana and Unified payment interface. 
All these factors augur very well for our FMCG industry and offers a huge 
runway for growth. India’s per capita FMCG consumption when compared to 
other similar economies is significantly low and within that rural is highly 
under indexed. Penetration levels for many of our large categories are still very 
low. Premiumization is bound to accelerate as India becomes more affluent and 
more urban. The more affluent population is expected to double by 2027, 
naturally their per capita FMCG consumption is much higher at about 1.5 to 2 
times compared to national average.  
In this context, we are well placed to win. As Indian’s largest FMCG company 
we are well placed to lead this growth opportunity. Each of our three divisions 
by itself will be larger in size than most FMCG companies in the country.  
9 out of 10 households in India use one of our products. We are proudly the 
market leader in more than 85% of our business. We have a wide and a resilient 
portfolio of 50+ brands of which 19 brands clock more than a Rs. 1000 crore 
turnover annually.  
We have reached about 3 million outlets directly of which 2.3 million outlets 
are covered through our distributor network and the remaining by our Shakti 
entrepreneurs in the rural hinterlands.  
While our supply chain one of the most complex it also gives us significant 
competitive edge. To give you the perspective, we manufacture and sell more 
than 65 billion units every year, which is about 45 units per Indian. That’s the 
scale of our supply chain.  

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 7 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
We continue to be the employer of choice for many years in a row and now if 
you look at our track record in the last decade, we’ve added 33,000 crores top 
line to our turnover growing at a CAGR of 9%, well balanced between volume 
and price growth. We have improved our EBITDA margin by over 800 basis 
points from 15% to 23% and a large part of this has come from our culture of 
saving and by driving premiumization. Our net profit in the last decade grew 
at 10% CAGR. 
Clearly we have a very strong business model, and our track record is reflective 
of that.  
That brings me to the key thrusts. Let me now outline the key thrusts that will 
enable us to continue winning in the marketplace. Our core belief of ‘What is 
good for India is good for HUL’ and the integrated approach to sustainability 
remains unchanged. A lot of what we have already been doing has strengthened 
our business and we’ll continue to build on it while adapting to the changing 
consumer trends and shopping behaviors. 
Our first thrust is to grow the core, which includes the 19 large brands through 
product superiority and WiMI led execution.  
 
Second, we’ve spoken about the opportunity to build categories of the future 
through market development. We will do this through persuasive 
communications, large scale consumer contact programs, driving mental and 
physical reach. Innovations and formats of the future will propel 
premiumization. 
 
Third, we have the job to continue transforming parts of our portfolio to the on-
trend demand spaces especially in beauty and foods.  
 
Fourth, Winning in Channels of the future through brilliant execution, and 
curating a tailored portfolio by leveraging our design to channel approach 
remains an important thrust. 
We will also need to structurally reset our cost base which will help generate 
fuel to invest back in growing the business. To this end, we’ll continue 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 8 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
leveraging our Net Revenue Management and symphony programs to drive 
savings across all lines of the P&L.  
 
We will further sharpen our distinctive capabilities by: 
1. Doubling down on WiMI and digital.  
2. Deeply embedding sustainability in our business. 
3. Building a culture of innovation, agility and intelligence risk taking through 
empowered teams operating with an owner’s mindset. 
These are the summary, our focus areas for now, as we evolve and sharpen our 
strategy for the next phase. I look forward to sharing more details in due course. 
Now, let me hand over to Ritesh to cover our results in detail. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you, Rohit. And good evening, everyone. Let me now take you through 
our quarter results in detail. 
Rohit covered the overall FMCG market context, which remains challenging. 
In this backdrop, we have delivered another quarter of resilient performance. 
Our Underlying Sales Growth was 4% with an Underlying Volume Growth of 
2%. Talking about our bottomline performance, EBITDA margin at 24.6%, 
improved 130 bps year-on-year. Profit after tax before exceptional items at     
Rs. 2668 crore was up 12%. Net profit at Rs.2717 crores increased 4% year-
on-year.  
The quarter numbers include the benefit of a one-off credit that we received 
due to favorable resolution of an indirect tax litigation. This slide explains the 
impact of this credit. 
Excluding the one-off, our Underlying Sales Growth would have been 3% with 
Underlying Price Growth being flat. PAT bei growth would have been 7% with 
net profit declining marginally year-on-year.  
From a segment perspective, the benefit is entirely in Beauty and Personal 
Care.  

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 9 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Talking about our margin performance. Our gross margin improved 700 bps 
year-on-year to 52% and is back to pre-inflationary levels.  
With the increase in competitive intensity, we have stepped up A&P 
investments by about 700 crore year-on-year to ensure our Share of Voice 
remains ahead of our Share of Market. This is a 420 bps increase versus 
September quarter 22. We will continue to invest behind our brands to protect 
our competitive position and ensure the long-term health of our business. 
Let us now look at performance across the three segments: Home Care grew 
3%, both Beauty and Personal Care and Foods and Refreshment grew 4%. 
Margins in all three segments remain healthy with Home Care at 19%, BPC at 
27% and F&R at 19%. 
When it comes to Underlying Volume Growth, the divergence between 
segments that we saw in June Quarter continued. Both Home Care and BPC 
delivered mid-single digit UVG, while F&R saw a mid-single digit decline 
primarily due to sustained input cost inflation in coffee and HFD categories.  
I will now click down to talk about performance in each segment.  
Starting with innovations in Home Care: 
• 
Comfort expanded its range with Intense Fabric conditioners created 
specifically for sportswear.  
• 
A new range of Vim Dishwashing Liquids ‘Vim Pure’ was launched. 
It is a superior 100% plant based, paraben and phosphate free 
formulation.  
• 
Leveraging WiMI, Vim liquid was re-launched with an improved 
formulation to suit the varying needs of consumers. 
Moving on to Home Care performance in the quarter, the business grew 3% on 
a high base of 34% in SQ22. Volumes grew in mid-single digit led by strong 
performance in both Fabric Wash and Household Care.  
 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 10 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Our premium portfolio in Fabric Wash continued to outperform with both Surf 
and Comfort growing volumes in double digits. Household Care delivered high 
single digit volume growth led by Dishwash.  
We have taken further price reductions in both Fabric Wash and Household 
Care to pass on the benefits of lower input costs. A&P investments have been 
stepped-up to protect our competitive position.  
Now talking about Beauty and Personal Care. This has been a busy quarter for 
our BPC team with the launch of several innovations. These actions reflect the 
key thrusts which Rohit spoke about earlier.  
We are transforming our Skin Care portfolio through innovations in evolving 
and on-trend demand spaces. Pond’s has extended its moisturizer range to build 
a hydration regime which includes a cleanser, gel moisturizer, night gel and a 
serum.  
Building on its strong ayurvedic credentials, Indulekha has launched a new 
anti-dandruff Hair Oil and Shampoo.  
Vaseline has introduced a new range of premium moisturizers for rich sensorial 
experience.  
Lakme has introduced new ‘glitterati collection’ for the upcoming festival and 
wedding season. Lakme also launched Eyeconic Probrush liner in pen format.  
Moving on to our performance in Beauty and Personal Care, we delivered a 
volume led mid-single digit growth.  
Skin Cleansing grew volumes in low single digit with both Lux and Hamam 
continuing to outperform. Bodywash continues to scale up well. 
Hair Care saw a high single digit growth led by Clinic Plus, Sunsilk and 
Indulekha. Future formats such as serums and masks continue to do well. 
Skin Care and Color Cosmetics grew in double-digit with robust performance 
in Vaseline and Ponds. Our focused interventions in new demand spaces such 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 11 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
as hydration, sun protect and in channels of the future including e-commerce 
is helping us drive growth. 
Oral Care delivered mid-single digit growth led by Close Up.  
Now talking about innovations and activations in F&R. Let me start with the 
bottom half of the chart -what you see is an innovative billboard by Taj Mahal 
Tea. It uses raindrops that fall on the billboard to generate Indian classical 
music. It has won us a Guinness World record for being the world’s largest 
environmentally active billboard. 
We have launched an exclusive range of artisinal Ice Creams called Slow 
Churn ice-creams. It is made with 100% fresh cream and real fruits and it’s 
available in the E-commerce channel. I would strongly recommend you to try 
it, my favorite is Guava.  
We have extended our Horlicks Plus range with two new variants Strength Plus 
for adults and Growth Plus for children in selected geographies and channels. 
Horlicks “Barsat pe bharosa” campaign is focused on higher immunity 
benefits.  
Lipton Green Tea was re-launched in the quarter with a better tasting blend.  
Talking about performance in the quarter F&R is seeing divergent input cost 
trends when compared to Home Care or BPC. We continue to see inflation in 
this business and have therefore taken judicious price increases to offset the 
impact of inflation.  
Tea saw moderate growth as the category continued to witness consumer 
downgrading. Coffee delivered double digit growth driven by pricing.  
Health Food Drinks delivered a mid-single digit price led growth. I’ll spend 
some more time on HFD performance in the subsequent slide.  
Food and Ice Cream, both grew in mid-single digit on a high base. Mayonnaise 
as well as Peanut Butter continues to see strong consumer traction and Food 
Solutions remain resilient with double digit growth momentum.  

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 12 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Now in this chart, let me cover HFD performance in a bit more detail.  
It has been a little over three years since we acquired the business. HFD is an 
under-penetrated category. Hence, our focus has been on recruiting new 
consumers into the category. Through access packs, focused communication, 
increased distribution coverage and doubling down on home-to-home 
connects, we have been able to handsomely grow penetration in this category 
which was relatively stagnant for many years prior to the acquisition. We also 
further strengthened our market share in the category.  
While recruitment of new consumers into the category has been healthy, 
consumption across existing users has declined over last few years. The 
category was initially impacted by COVID and recently by high inflation 
especially that of milk. High milk prices create a double whammy impact for 
HFD - not only it is an ingredient in the production of HFD, but typically the 
product is consumed with milk. Hence the end-cup cost of Horlicks and Boost 
saw a significant increase in past few quarters.  
Let me also cover in some detail what is happening on cost synergies and 
margin. As far as margins are concerned, we have seen two impacts - one is 
the inflation that I spoke about. Secondly, due to the planned strategic 
interventions of access pack and sachets, we have had adverse mix.  
When it comes to cost synergies, we have unlocked most of the planned 
synergies with some more expected to come from manufacturing efficiencies 
over the next two to three years. These synergies have provided us the fuel for 
growth to invest in growing the business and countering the impact of inflation. 
Consequently, the EBITDA margin for the business remains ahead of what it 
was at the time of acquisition, despite the significant inflationary cost.  
Now, I would like to use this opportunity to clarify a question which comes up 
in some of our discussion. You would recall that we had mentioned an 
underlying EBITDA of 31% for the business at the time of acquisition. I would 
like to remind you that this number includes the benefit of Consignment Selling 
Arrangement for the OTC products of Haleon, which we had announced 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 13 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
earlier, ends effective November 23. The income from this business was more 
than 300 crores in the last fiscal.  
With that being the context, our single-minded focus on market development 
remains unchanged. We want to bring in more users into the category while 
creating more occasions for consumption and premiumizing our portfolio.  
We are driving three main actions to achieve this –  
1. We have sharpened our proposition to focus on outcome-based claims and 
owning occasions like monsoons.  
2. Strengthening our science backed credentials to recruit new users and at 
the same time premiumizing our portfolio. For instance, our plus range 
focuses on specialized nutrition requirements to address various lifestyle 
stages and conditions.  
3. And third, expanding our portfolio to new demand spaces like Mother Plus 
or the new millet-based chocolate Horlicks to future proof the portfolio.  
 
We remain confident about the long-term prospects of the category and in our 
ability to unlock volume lead growth through market development. Of course, 
as we have said before, market development takes time and one needs to stay 
the course for long term value creation.  
Moving on, let me quickly summarize our performance for this quarter. Let me 
reiterate what Rohit said. We are delighted that we have crossed the 15,000 
crore quarterly turnover mark for the first time. This is truly a testament to the 
strength of brands and execution prowess of Hindustan Unilever.  
I have already taken you through most of the lines, but here let me explain the 
movement from 9% EBIT growth to 4% Net profit growth in next slide.  
Net finance income has benefited from better treasury yields, higher cash 
balance and dividend received from subsidiaries.  
When it comes to the tax line, there are two impacts. As we have mentioned 
earlier, we expect regular ETR for the year to be about 26.5% versus 26% that 
we had in the last fiscal. This had an adverse 1% impact on net profit growth. 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 14 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Further, we had substantial gains from prior period tax adjustments in SQ22 as 
many past year assessments were concluded. Since we are lapping this, we 
have an adverse impact of 9% on net profit for the quarter.  
Lastly, net exceptional cost was marginally lower year-on-year, giving a 1% 
benefit.  
Hopefully this helps you to better understand the movement between profit 
lines.  
Moving on to our first half performance. Our turnover just shy of 30,000 crore 
mark grew 5% year-on-year, EBITDA margin at 24.1% increased 90 bps, PAT 
bei and Net Profit grew 11% and 6% respectively.  
Considering our resilient performance in the first half of the year, the Board of 
Directors have declared an interim dividend of Rs.18 per share for the year 
ended 31st of March 2024. This is a 6% increase compared to the interim 
dividend of last fiscal year. 
Let me now turn to Outlook: 
Looking ahead in the near term, we remain cautiously optimistic. Moderating 
inflation and upcoming festive season should improve consumer sentiment. At 
the same time, we need to be watchful of heightened competitive intensity, 
volatile global commodity prices as well as the impact of uneven monsoon on 
crop output and reservoir levels.  
Overall, we expect volume recovery to remain gradual.  
If commodity prices remain where they are, we expect our price growth to be 
marginally negative. Our focus remains on driving competitive volume 
growth, stepping up investments behind our brands and maintaining EBITDA 
margin in a healthy range.  
We will continue to manage our business with agility and take actions to ensure 
long term 4G growth, growth which is consistent, competitive, profitable and 
responsible.  

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 15 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
With this, we conclude our prepared remarks and will now hand back to Ravi 
to commence the Q&A session.  
A. Ravishankar:  
Thank you Rohit and thank you Ritesh. With this, we will now move to the 
Q&A session. We request you to kindly restrict the number of questions to a 
maximum of two at a point in time, in case you have any further questions, feel 
free to join the queue again. In addition to audio, our participants do have an 
option to post the questions through the web option on your screen, we will 
take these questions just before we end. With that, I’ll hand the call back to 
Neerav to manage the Q&A session for us. Over to you Neerav. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on Skin Care and Color 
Cosmetics. So, you have seen double digit growth, which is a good 
achievement, even Nykaa saw 20% growth in B2C business in Q2. So, my 
question is, is this growth sustainable and how is rural demand in Skin Care 
given general rural slowdown, is that impacting your double-digit growth in a 
big way. And second is you briefly alluded to the focused intervention in the 
new demand cases, could you elaborate that more because currently I 
understand those will be smaller pieces of your overall Skin Care business. So, 
is that impacting overall growth in a big way? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Thank you for the question, if I understand you well, you spoke to the Beauty 
growth or Skin Care, I couldn’t hear that very well. The first part? 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, Skin Care and Color Cosmetics double digit growth.  
Rohit Jawa: 
We feel very excited with this category because we have a set of great brands, 
master brands that can stretch across formats, such as Lakme, Ponds, to name 
a few, Indulekha which is another rising star and Dove and of course Glow & 
Lovely. We have a high relative market share, so we feel confident, we 
understand the consumer. We have brands stretching across the price pyramid, 
and we have extended all our brands now into new growth spaces and into new 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 16 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
formats, such as sun care for instance, even new format like serums for 
argument’s sake. So, we have been mapping the market, we also have already 
seeded and seen some promise in brands such as Simple, which is mainly a 
face wash brand, but has a full portfolio. So, we are also there for innovating 
quite aggressively. In this market, you spoke of Nykaa, Nykaa of course, we 
are going faster than this number in that platform. And Lakme is one of the top 
three brands, in that platform if I’m not wrong. So, we feel very excited about 
this category, this category has a virtuously strong growth rate, higher profit 
profile, where we have both the technology, R&D and brand assets. So, in some 
substance this is a very exciting space, and you should see more and more of 
our effort going in this direction. We spoke to the high growth demand spaces, 
there are two parts of the market. Of course, we have high growth demand 
spaces, frankly in all categories that we play in because we are in India, which 
is a great market to be in where this promise of great future because the per 
capita consumption are so low compared to other markets. And each and every 
category we play in, in a broad state of categories we know are going to go 
through their S curves. We’ve shown we can play our S curve for instance in 
Home Care with liquids that we have done with Fabric Conditioner. Similarly, 
we see S curve opportunity in new demand spaces. But we are particularly 
excited about new demand spaces in Beauty and in Foods, Packaged Foods 
where there’s a lot more new benefits and new consumer habits and new ways 
of shopping such as through digital E-commerce that are beginning to take 
place. So, I’m hoping this gives you a pretty good flavor of how we are thinking 
about this entire space. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks Rohit, that was useful. And on a question on rural demand in that part 
of the business that was slow in the earlier quarters, and generally rural is slow 
in most FMCG. So, how are you seeing in this part of the business in rural? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Maybe I ask Ritesh to join in, he has really been studying the rural, the trends 
and patterns and he will probably give you a much more richer answer. Ritesh. 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, Abneesh, let me pick up the rural question. See overall, if I just start with 
the number, rural in this quarter, I’m just talking volume growth because price 
growth overall in FMCG has come down from the peak of 14% as an industry 
to 3% in this quarter. And the expectation, of course is that we further get 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 17 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
moderated going forward, given the pricing actions that all the players are 
doing. But for a minute let me just focus on volume growth of rural. So, rural 
volumes grew at 8% this quarter as market and in FMCG and same period last 
year we know that overall market had declined. So, when rural markets grew 
at 8% this quarter, the market had declined by 6% same period last year. So, 
overall, when you look at the total market it has grown at 1% over two-year 
CAGR. If I double click within that rural, rural for this quarter grew at 7%, but 
on a back of 9% decline same period last year, which means on a two year 
period, two year CAGR average, rural has still not fully recovered the volume 
that it had before it’s in minus 1%, but the good news is the minus 1% 2Y 
CAGR now is better than what we saw minus 4% CAGR in the previous 
quarter, June quarter. So, we have seen gradual recovery coming, albeit on a 
soft base. Now, of course, the single biggest factor which is supporting rural 
recovery is inflation moderating, it leads to more disposable income and hence 
more amount of expenditure gets incurred in FMCG for that matter. Real rural 
wages, we all know that overall, the wage inflation has always been higher for 
the last many quarters now in urban compared to rural. But we also have seen 
that real rural wages have now started to get into some positive territory which 
again in my mind is good news. Government had continued its thrust on rural, 
so the heightened amount of expenditure in rural and investment for last few 
years it has been maintained and on top of that, we know also that after 
agriculture, the second most important area where rural people get jobs is 
construction and hence the entire CAPEX getting tied up that should start 
showing more impact in rural. Now of course, there are watch outs, we know 
that overall job participation is increasing. And you also saw the MGNREGA 
demand. In fact, the MGNREGA demand is higher in 2019. And equally 
monsoon has been uneven against a long period average there’s a 6% deficit 
on monsoon and also the reservoir levels as we are exiting the monsoon season. 
So, that will have some amount of knock-on impact as the Kharif crop gets 
harvested and as we get sold. So, overall, if I summarize, we are cautiously 
optimistic, and we expect demand to continue to recover gradually. So, that’s 
our overall read on rural. 
Rohit Jawa: 
Glow & Lovely which is our biggest rural brand is also showing better 
outcomes recently, which is also very encouraging. 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 18 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Abneesh Roy: 
So, thanks. My second and last question is on the resurgence of small players 
slide which you have put and that has two sub parts, first is on Tea. Now, Tea 
has not seen too much of deflation and normally local players come back when 
there’s a sharp deflation. So, when you have said that local players are growing 
1.4x of the two pan India players, what is driving this because when I see 5% 
decline in your F&R business, the sense I’m getting is your Tea business would 
have seen a sharper decline. So, correct me if I’m wrong there. And second for 
the national Tea consumers, generally they are far more sticky so your 
customer will be sticky he may downgrade within your brands. But does it 
happen that there will be almost 7% - 8% kind of a decline in your tea volume? 
He goes out of your brands, and he goes to regional brands and what’s driving 
that? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes, so let me kick off, and then Rohit, I will hand it over to you. So, overall, 
it’s a good area spend some time Abneesh. And again, it’s not only what 
happened in this quarter, just important to see the last four to six quarter what 
has happened to Tea. So, Tea all of us know had significant inflation and 
followed by that prices started coming down. And in fact, a point in time the 
commodity year-on-year is also declining. In this period, what has happened 
second factor apart from commodity volatility is also decoupling of loose tea 
which is basically Plainer Tea the commodity and the Premium Tea. The 
Plainer Tea had seen more amount of price moderation because of a better crop 
compared to Premium Tea, again I’m talking commodity which had seen a 
little more inflation compared to the Plainer Tea. So, in effect what has 
happened, the price table between a Plainer Tea and Premium Tea has widened, 
when this widens so Plainer Tea which is what by and large the loose tea 
players end up using and Premium Tea will have over index consumption into 
our tea basket, you have seen some amount of divergence and decoupling of 
the commodity trend. Now, in the overall context of inflation to start with not 
only tea, I’m saying overall inflation, the point is in last three years in FMCG, 
consumers have seen 25% inflation in the last three years. So, that has had an 
impact where Tea was the first category where we saw consumers 
downgrading, downgrading more towards loose tea and hence smaller players. 
Within our own portfolio exactly to your point, we’ve seen more amount of ,let 
me say, traction to Taaza as compared to premium tea’s. But the market overall 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 19 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
has also moved towards loose tea and downgrading, that has had an impact. 
That’s one, second of course question was overall F&R. And of course, if I 
look at our business that we have, two third businesses sits between HFD and 
Tea and both in HFD as well, the point that we mentioned earlier, we have seen 
dairy inflation, which is why our growth in HFD is price led and we have seen 
volume decline, because of high amount of prices and hence we had to increase 
our prices, though judiciously.  
Similarly for coffee. Coffee has seen 60% to 70% price inflation; I’m saying 
commodity inflation over the last two years. Again, because of that the growth 
that we have in coffee is a price led growth with of course volumes have got 
impacted on consumption because of the impact of high inflation. So, if you 
look at F&R portfolio, be Tea downgrading, be it HFD price increase, or be for 
that matter Coffee these are the reasons why volumes in F&R overall have got 
impacted. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second sub part and this is my last question. So, essentially on 
detergent bar, you have mentioned resurgence the issue is you have given a 
very stark data, 6Y versus Y it looks like a very stark data. So, could you give 
some real absolute numbers to have a better understanding and detergent 
powder mass end, there also you are seeing local players grow much faster, 
just like detergent bars? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Yes, so the point of this that we quoted, we used two examples and of course 
there are parts of the portfolio especially at mass end, at those price points in 
certain geographies is what we have seen is behavior and which of course two 
examples we quoted out of that which is detergent bar and tea and in these 
spaces as commodity soften we have seen resurgence of many small players, 
and which is why at an aggregate market level these players have grown ahead 
of the large players. And of course, as you know we are market leaders in these 
categories. So, as this development happens, it has impacted to us in pockets 
where our market share is limited. Something very similar we had also captured 
in our last quarter’s narrative. And we’ve seen that consistently playing out. 
Now, of course this reality is, probably if I just go back to a little more longer 
history, 2007 - 2008, when we saw this happening for Skin Cleansing, 2012 - 
13 happening for Laundry, 13 - 14 happening for Tea. In each of these periods 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 20 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
we have seen this behavior where when commodity price goes up, after that it 
comes down volume recovery takes some time to happen. And we do have seen 
this behavior where we see small players who basically vacate the market when 
commodity is extremely volatile, and they start participating in the market 
when commodity becomes benign. And after some point in time, like 
everything else in life. These are cyclical in nature in terms of commodities 
and as price table stabilizes the market equilibrium gets established. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from line of Vivek M from Jefferies India. Please 
go ahead.  
Vivek M: 
Good evening team. I have two questions. So, my first question is on the slide 
on the market share. So, where you have mentioned, let’s say 60% of the 
portfolio is winning value share, whereas over 75% is winning volume share 
with all that you have explained, I’m still not able to understand why would 
that be the case so, I would have thought that value share would have been, 
portfolio gaining value share will have been higher than volume share given 
that there is a competition at the bottom and so on and so forth, why do you 
think there is this disconnect between the two? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Okay, let me pick it up this question Vivek. So, very similar what I just 
mentioned with softening input cost, small players growing at mass and faster 
than the larger player and remember as Hindustan Unilever we are over 
indexed on premium portfolio. And hence, when the mass end of the market 
becomes larger because in certain pockets like this with growth, it leads to 
value volume disconnect in short term as we are transitioning this inflationary 
period. And I quoted example, Vivek, of Tea, Loose Tea take Taaza and take 
Premium Tea. As the market is overall downgrading in our case as well Taaza 
for example, which again is a lower end of the price will see more better growth 
compared to let me say Premium Tea. So, hence overall when we look at 
portfolio which is over indexed on premium compared to industry, and if mass 
is growing with higher weightage, this is the volume-value disconnect which 
you get in short period. If you look at the volume share, more than 75% 
portfolio is gaining volume share and these are the pockets where you see the 
volume-value disconnect leading to about 60% value share gain, but this is 
basically the volume-value disconnect in short period as market tables of 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 21 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
pricing are getting stabilized and as this demand curves are getting into 
transition and getting stabilized. 
Vivek M: 
Okay. So, just to get it right Ritesh, when there is a, let say, the mid and the 
bottom which is growing faster so you are saying while that is happening you 
are still gaining market share but it is just the value? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Overall value gets impacted, typically as Hindustan Unilever we called it many 
times out. For us mix, remember our UVG measure is volume and mix, mix is 
usually a factor which is accretive, in these times where the mix changes little 
bit in categories like example I quoted on detergent bar, example I am quoting 
of Tea, when down gradation happens I am saying, overall value per tonne 
which industry sell comes down and which is a mix impact you end up seeing 
and which is why we end up seeing a volume-value disconnect. 
Vivek M: 
Okay, sure. The second question is for Rohit, so this is the first conference call 
where you are addressing, and HUL is by far always considered to be gold 
standard. But what are the areas so we know all the positives, but Rohit what 
are the key focus areas from a near to medium term perspective that you are 
thinking about at this point of time? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Hi, Vivek excellent question, and I am only thinking about HUL day and night 
for some time now. And, firstly what I am really impressed, and I have said 
this before in the last, in other interactions that we fundamentally have very, 
very robust business. And I talked about in my presentation, the reason why I 
feel inspired and excited to be a part of this business today for its deep strength. 
When I look closely at even our operational health, and all indicators, in the 
moment I see that we have very high, large part of our portfolio is growing 
penetration which is a good sign, we have our product quality being superior 
than competitive benchmarks more like 60% in blind which is very good of 
turnover, we have increasing assortment, our distributor strength is strong in 
holding, we in fact doing very well in some parts of rural areas like Shakti, 
where we are seeing sustained growth. We also have strong brands, and a large 
majority of brands are growing brand power, there are of course a few fixes to 
be done. So, on the whole, the portfolio is strong. That said, when you look at 
the, my most important emphasis is going forward and I tried to cover that in 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 22 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
what I call the key thrust chart, that there are parts of our strategy that must be 
continued because they are appropriate for the opportunity you are seeing. As 
I mentioned to you that the Indian market is at a point of inflection, I feel it’s 
like 10, 15 years behind China, where I worked for some years, similar trends 
although of course they are not exactly the same. Whether it’s the big growth 
in affluence that one can see already in higher income households sort of 
doubling every five years, or you see the opportunity of the digital and the hard 
infrastructure that’s creating for consumers to access brands both, a way how 
they consume the brand messages and buy the brands. And also, of course the 
way brands are built is changing as well because social for instance has become 
a big deal in India already. Whether it’s rural or urban, because of the deep 
access for instance cell phones and YouTube and platforms such as those. 
There’s of course fragmentation one can see in channels, but also in benefit 
segments. And yet, there’s every category we are in is going to go through an 
S curve or is going through an S curve of growth. And I’m particularly excited 
with taking the strengths we have forward and then we are evolving some more 
to be ready for the future. So, as I mentioned to you my priority in the moment 
and we will sharpen them as we go along and at some stage in a few months I 
would like to give you more deep color what it means for us, and what changes 
it means for us, but for sure, the first thing is to drive and forward the strategy 
that’s working and shape it for the future. So, as I mentioned to you, for me 
very crystal clear that our big 19 or 20 brands worth of thousand crores will 
have to be the first engine of growth and our strength in making sure they are 
superior in execution end-to-end across our 16 clusters of Winning in Many 
India’s is the first disciplined capability I need to keep repeating. The second 
is, market development which we have shown we can do a great job within 
particularly Home Care with Fabric Conditioners liquid, we replicate that in 
Shower Gels for instance, and we replicate that in Face Wash, and so on so 
forth we will see that is a repeatable model that we need to exercise more 
widely, especially for more premium formats whether it’s benefit segments of 
sun care, or a new format such as serums, we have identified a certain set of 
market development bets, we will stay multiyear committed to. The number 
three is transforming two specific parts of portfolio where we believe we can 
do better in terms of coverage, although we have a very good portfolio which 
fills the price pyramid. But, Beauty care and Food, Packaged Foods are two 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 23 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
areas where we can actually leverage our big brands and in fact bring in new 
brands including from Unilever to stretch and fill out new demand spaces. 
That’s what I meant by, on trend demand spaces. And finally, second but last 
is this whole area of winning channels. And we are very strong in general trade, 
and we have an above average fair share in modern trade. But there’s a new 
way in which consumers are shopping, they are shopping in E-commerce like 
Nykaa, one of our colleague mentioned Abneesh, or they are shopping in quick 
commerce which is happening now as well. And of course, Amazon, Flipkart 
customers such as those are also going deep established so E-commerce, quick 
commerce, and of course our B2B strength through the Shikhar app, which is 
an amazing asset, which we will actually leverage and make it even a deeper 
moat. So, digitally selling to our customers and consumers and also building 
strengths in new channels such as quick commerce in pharma is clearly an 
opportunity we will not let go. And finally, we have a very good strong muscle 
of frugality, and operational tightness we call “Symphony: Fuel for growth.” 
So, while our value creation is more driven by top line, we do want to inch up 
the margin to increase fuel for growth. And that’s why you see, we will 
continue driving our reputable model on symphony, which is our end-to-end 
P&L squeeze off productivity, and we are going to take it to the next level. So, 
we can generate big funds that can go behind a big BMI or A&P that we need 
find all of these opportunities. And all of this, I want to really reinforce some 
existing strengths like WiMI and take it to the next level. In digital we are, as 
I mentioned Shikhar, we are also going to look at what we can do around 
consumer and the operation and more details on this later. So, reimagining 
agenda taking forward, sustainability we are going to focus more on things like 
net zero, plastics, water, and community of course and we will build a culture 
- we have a great culture of leadership, of discipline of rigor of being thought 
leaders, we will make sure that our scale becomes an advantage, and we 
become big and fast. So, scale insurgence, even going forward when we take 
intelligent risks, we have already 16 clusters, we have 16 small category teams, 
each of them can be our operating unit independent on their own so creating 
that entrepreneurship and empowerment, so that we can really collectively 
move very, very fast. And really tapping all these opportunities, culturally as 
well, would be something that I’ll be working on to take to the next level. So, 
I don’t know if this gives you a good flavor, but this is the sort of thing that we 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 24 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
are thinking of as a team. And we are sharpening our agenda and making sure 
that it we evolve this agenda for the next phase of HULs growth journey. I 
hope it gave you a good sense of both the heart and the mind of really where 
our agenda is for HUL. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Thanks for taking my questions. My first question was actually on the near-
term outlook. So, last couple of quarters you have mentioned a few factors, 
destocking in the channel due to the price cuts, some rise at local competition, 
this quarter of course there’s a bit of festive timing issue. So, on the first two, 
do we believe now that those are behind or that adjustment of pipeline and 
small players versus large players is something that could continue for some 
more time. And in the similar light, does festive season really matter for FMCG 
if yes, if you could give some flavor of how much could be the impact of that 
timing? 
Rohit Jawa: 
Ritesh, if you could just pick this up for Arnab, please, thank you.  
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Sure. So, Arnab let me just talk about the outlook for volume to start with. 
Long term Rohit covered extremely comprehensively about what drives 
FMCG and what are the kind of opportunities in the long highway for growth 
of the category and of course us as Hindustan Unilever. So, if I just zoom in 
now to short term, there are factors which are supporting continued volume 
recovery, we had called it out that we will see post this high inflationary period 
a gradual recovery in volumes and what are the factors that are supporting, 
three of them. #A, inflation is moderating and the full impact in this quarter as 
we speak, in Laundry and Skin Cleansing, we have taken sequential price 
reductions, which is why at an overall aggregate level we saw HUL had 
roughly flat price growth in this quarter. FMCG industry as per Nielsen Data 
is still showing 3% price, which the point I had mentioned earlier, that it takes 
basically a quarter or so for it to stabilize and start reflecting what 
manufacturers are selling at. So, consumers will start seeing the impact of 
deflation as you start seeing the price growth going away. That’s number one. 
Secondly, the upcoming festival season. Of course, there are as you know 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 25 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
phasing of festival this time all the days of festival lands in December quarter 
unlike last year where there were some days of festival which came in 
September quarter and of course a larger part of days came in December 
quarter. This time we have all days coming into December quarter. So, with 
inflation moderating, higher disposable income in hands of consumers, urban 
leading growth overall in the industry for FMCG for now, and urban income, 
more resilient and having seen better wage inflation, we see that again as a 
third factor which is helping in short term for volume recovery. Of course, as 
an economy we know that between growth, inflation and currency, the country 
is in excellent job in managing the three vectors very well. So, we have on the 
back of a resilient economy. Watch outs, equally like support factors, in my 
mind will be three, #A, monsoon, we all discussed the kind of uneven monsoon 
we had, and the potential impact of that that could have in rural. And second, 
of course, is global commodity prices. As we speak crude is coming up and it’s 
more than 90, as we speak and with geopolitical stability again being 
questioned and as all of us know what’s happening this time around. Those 
factors put together are in my mind a short term watch out. And hence in 
summary, post a high inflation period the gradual recovery should in our view 
continue and which is why we are cautiously optimistic but equally confident 
of gradual volume recovery. So, that I would say in short term is our view 
where it is, from a pricing perspective we had called out in our commentary 
that if at all commodity price remains where they are, we will see marginally  
negative price growth going ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
So, Ritesh just to clarify, so the channel destocking component, and this local 
competition versus national competition, is that largely behind in your view, 
or there is a little bit more of adjustment there required given where you see 
the market. The rest of the points of course are there but these two are they 
kind of behind now? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes, so let me first pick up the channel players. So, the channel inventory 
overall, since at least I can talk about Hindustan Unilever, with all the 
commodity that have gotten moderated, we have finished doing our pricing 
action this quarter. And as an industry assuming the same thing happens which 
is the 3% price growth which Nielsen shows moves to zero, I think, by next 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 26 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
quarter they should all be set square. So, I think, that transition in my mind 
should get done unless we end up seeing more amount of commodity volatility 
which brings a new story altogether. So, sans that this should get stabilized 
next quarter number one, and number two the small player -of course this is 
something which is again very much linked to the commodity cycle. Again, as 
commodity cycle starts to stabilize, in our mind of price equilibrium, will start 
get to stabilize. The bigger job there would be, of course overall demand 
scenario, and demand scenario across different price point, if market does not 
continue to downgrade example in Tea, or for that matter, small players at a 
mass end example in Laundry Bars, that behavior will have to change for this 
equilibrium to set equal. Again, as I mentioned we’ve seen in the past this 
happens, and then in few quarters, it starts to then go back to the same 
equilibrium of competitiveness across the price point as it always is. So, in our 
view it’s still in short term couple of quarters. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Sure, thanks that’s very helpful. My second and last question was on HFD. So, 
you explained the steps that HUL has taken, obviously you have put in a huge 
amount of effort on every line of what you could have done to grow that 
business. In Food, what we are seeing in other companies is wherever there is 
very high price growth, volumes are subdued, but revenue growth are very 
high, HFD seems to be one of those categories where even the revenue growth 
is just about mid-single digit with a lot of pricing. So, my question really was 
that, could it really be a structural issue where the consumers who are reducing 
consumption are doing it for other reasons of other sources of nutrition, is there 
something that gives you confidence that this is purely an inflation related issue 
and therefore once the stability is achieved there, you should get back to 
volume growth? 
Rohit Jawa: 
If you look at the benchmark market Arnab for similar categories in Southeast 
Asia, the size and scale of such brands is very, very strong. And given that the 
HFD category penetration levels are low. And we are actually fully, we have 
basically South and East and we have North and West still to go to. The 
headspace on this category should be a lot, and apart from the fact that it’s got 
this market development runway, this is also a category which is good for the 
country and that’s why we like it so much because it helps address the mal 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 27 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
nutrient gap that exists within our society. So, given that of these two reasons 
this is definitely a long-term bet. Now, it is possible that, we know that for a 
fact that consumers have titrated the consumption because the cost of each cup 
had gone up. And we start to see already in the last few quarters, as milk prices 
have stabilized. And we focus our communication on why this category makes 
sense, why it’s so important, and we have started customizing our 
communication as well, to different regions, we have stabilized our assortment. 
And our whole incentive curves on our SKUs, we start to see green shoots. 
Secondly, there’s also a big opportunity in the premium end of this category, 
which is in the space of science-based supplements that are focused on adults, 
on women, women’s health, and so on so forth, and those are doing quite well. 
And we have low share in that segment. So, there’s also an opportunity to do 
that is to grow there and then of course Horlicks and Boost and Boost, by the 
way is doing very well, it’s already in the double-digit levels. We do see an 
opportunity for as well to also stretch these brands, leveraging their strong 
equity. So, I see many levers, or like we said in the chart more users, more 
usage and more premium, many, many more opportunities to draw this 
category and take it to the next level. It’s already a scaled category for us, 
almost €500 million in scale. So, I’m optimistic but we need to stay disciplined 
and patient and keep working for the long term. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jitendra Arora from ICICI 
Prudential. Please go ahead. 
Jitendra Arora: 
I just had one question with respect to your A&P expenditure, given the sharp 
growth year-over-year, I just wanted to understand the characteristics of the 
expenditure in the base as well as current year if you can help me in terms of 
how much would be advertising and how much would it be towards promotion 
and within advertising how much would it be let’s say to a traditional medium 
and the digital medium?  
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thanks, Jitendra, for the question. So, this quarter, as you’ve seen our results, 
we have 11.4% A&P expenses. Same period last year, we had 7.2% and which 
is why you see a pretty strong 420 bps year-on-year increase in A&P expenses, 
which is 700 crore and a 65% increase. Now, of course to some extent it is the 
base and remember again, September quarter same period last year it was a 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
peak of inflation, and hence overall, the GRPs in industry had come down, 
where there’s a much higher price versus cost gap for the industry. And on the 
low base of last year, same time when you compare 11.4% looks a substantial 
increase. But even if I ignore the base, if we just look at the overall full year 
number, same period last year 8.4% was our annual A&P. And that A&P 
number we have gradually kept increasing from 7.2% to 8%, to 8.8%, 9.9% 
and then 11.4% in the current quarter. Now for us what are the principles for 
A&P resource allocation, the first ground principle is share of voice ahead of 
share of market, that determines the amount of intensity, #A competitive 
intensity and basis that the amount of allocation that you want to do for 
resource. Second, of course your reach, objective and your frequency objective 
basis the amount of innovation that we want to land in the market that’s the 
second driver, which then determines the absolute amount A&P investment 
which you end up doing. Suffice to say where we are at a little lower 11%, 
between 11% to 12%. That’s the kind of a benchmark at some stage we had 
pre inflation. And the way I see this number will remain firm, given the amount 
of competitive intensity this number will remain firm. 
Jitendra Arora:  
I’m sorry Ritesh, but that does not address my question. I just wanted to 
understand the characteristic of this expenditure rather than why it has grown. 
Ritesh Tiwari:  
Yes. So, in terms of characteristics see overall when we look at our total let say 
100 pie to a question 1/3 is digital media, 2/3 is traditional media. So, that’s 
how we typically split our expenses. Now, the other sub question, is it 
promotion driven, it is advertising driven? It is advertising driven.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from line of Amit Rustagi from UBS Group. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Rustagi: 
I have just one question on the sale of 3 - 7 or 3 - 9. Where do you think that 
our increased A&P spends will lead through on a higher volume growth for the 
second half of the year?  
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Sorry, did not get your question, can you please come again please? 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Amit Rustagi: 
So, like I’m saying how confident we are on a scale of 1 to 10, that how much 
volume growth, we can drive in the second half of the year with the increased 
A&P spent and when gross margins are going to stay here. So, are we going to 
continue with the higher A&P spent in the coming quarters as well? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Yes. So, let me take your second question first. And the first question you are 
trying to ask is the outlook, that we have a volume going ahead. So, that’s clear. 
Of course, the job that we have which is to keep driving our reflex muscles, 
and generating overall symphony saving the program that we use internally, in 
the organization called symphony where our objective always is to drive 
savings across all the lines of the P&L, be it promotions, be it advertising, be 
it supply chain cost, or for that matter overhead cost. Some portion of that gives 
benefit in gross margin, other element of the lines of the P&L also get benefit 
of the overall savings program that we drive. That effort of driving savings 
across all lines of the P&L will continue. And to Rohit’s earlier articulation 
will only further step it up, with full intention to ensure that we are able to 
invest in back in the business. Invest it back in terms of ensuring competitive 
levels of expenditure of A&P which as I mentioned will remain firm that’s how 
we read, invest it back in terms of capability building when we do “Shikhar” 
when we do “Reimagine HUL,” they all require investments to get done. And 
that’s how when we generate sources to invest in the business and see of course 
invest back in terms of product superiority and invest back in terms of overall 
portfolio development. So, that job of generating resources in the P&L and 
deploying to drive growth and that cycle will continue to do. So, that’s how we 
look at, when we look at the financial growth model is to keep looking for 
sources of investment. And of course, areas that we need to invest to drive 
growth. And then coming back to outlook is what I was responding earlier. We 
have seen a gradual recovery of demand as high inflationary period are 
stabilizing. And as we mentioned that in summary, we remain cautiously 
optimistic in terms of this gradual recovery of demand as high inflationary 
period is hopefully behind us. And we have a more stable outlook going 
forward in terms of commodity and hence impact of that in terms of positive 
impact of that on the demand generation overall in the industry. I know you 
would love to hear a number from me. But I can only tell you qualitatively 
what are the factors as I was responding earlier, which we see in short term 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
driving and supporting the growth and be it overall inflation coming down. Be 
it overall festival demand or the resilient economy that we have. And of course, 
the factors I did call out between monsoon, volatile commodity, and 
geopolitical stability which are the factors which might work against as this 
recovery is happening. Which is of course see when all these things put 
together, we’ll see how demand situation pans out. But the overall aggregate 
narrative is, cautiously optimistic with continued recovery of demand outlook. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
My first question is on pricing, portfolio level how much price cut have you 
taken from the peak and how many quarters the pricing would remain negative 
and the price cuts mostly are they in value segment or are they broad based? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, Kunal I called out that the price in this quarter, that September quarter there 
are two categories essentially where we have taken price decreases 
sequentially. Number one, we called out our Skin Cleansing and second, we 
called out in the area of Laundry, Soap, Detergent. Of course, as I mentioned 
earlier to one of the questions there are also areas where we have also increased 
prices, be it coffee, be it HFD where we have seen input cost inflation. Now of 
course, as we speak to the extent where commodities are today, and whatever 
near term outlook we have, as far as we are concerned, we have finished doing 
the job in terms of price adjustments that we had to do to our portfolio, which 
is why if commodities remain where they are in short term, short term could 
be three months, four months, all depends as to where commodities end up 
settling in or a little longer period than few months. All depends upon where 
commodity settles. So, at least in short term, we do see our price growth to be 
marginally negative if commodities remain where they are today. 
Kunal Vora: 
Okay. And can you talk about your priority like say as the GM expands, would 
you raise ad spends but it looks like price cuts don’t seem to be very large. You 
also have increased competitive intensity. Like why prioritize ad spends and 
not pass on some benefits to the customers especially with intense competition? 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
Ritesh Tiwari: 
So, we have done both one of the factor Kunal we had mentioned that when 
you have such prices going up coming down, the single most important priority 
is to ensure competitive price value equation of all of our products across the 
board, equally when the commodity price is going up, and hence we have to 
increase prices or for that matter when commodity cost comes down we then 
decrease prices. In fact, our pricing principle has been when commodity cost 
goes up we take price increases in smaller chunks. When commodity cost 
comes down, we take decrease in larger chunks so that we don’t disrupt trade 
pipeline with frequent changes in pricing. So, to the extent we had to take 
prices down judiciously to ensure competitive price value equation, that job we 
have done. And of course, as that has happened and the bleed of price versus 
cost has come down which is apart from everything else that we’ve done to 
drive costs down is one of the reason why we’ve seen pretty good amount of 
gross margin recovery which turns back to a pre inflation level where we are 
today at around 52%. So, that’s what we have done in terms of #A, first port 
of call has been to ensure competitive price value equation. And then as we 
needed to invest money behind A&P competitively with the principle of share 
of voice ahead of share of market is what we’ve done. But again, that doesn’t 
mean that other elements of jobs to be done in terms of investing in product to 
drive product superiority, investing in capability like Shikhar, Reimagine 
HUL, that we kept doing or for that matter dialing up more amount of 
innovation that we want to bring to the marketplace. We spoke this quarter, we 
were very busy with BPC with a good amount of innovation across the board 
that we have landed. So, the resources then which get generated in the P&L, 
they get basically deployed in all of these priorities to drive all round growth 
and business development. 
Kunal Vora: 
Sorry to continue on this but like, when competitive intensity has increased 
significantly, you have let say portfolio is gaining less market share, why not 
just take larger price cuts. When like, why have 700 bps margin expansion over 
the last one year instead like, maybe that could have been reinvested a bit more 
in pricing? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Of course, it’s a very complex set of decision. And you can imagine business 
decisions are very complex, the way you deploy your entire 6P from 

                          September Quarter 2023 Earnings call of Hindustan Unilever Limited 
 
 
Page 32 of 32 
Sensitivity: Public
development to deployment to pricing, to promotion to product and this entire 
6P mix we have to always look what will give us a competitive edge in the 
market. And it can never be a uni-dimensional view that cut price will get more 
growth, only if life was so simple. 
Kunal Vora: 
And just one last point, historically has elections had an impact on the growth 
rates. How do you see the elections coming in? 
Ritesh Tiwari: 
We have seen one thing our read over last several years in this space has been 
where there are structural interventions that the government does, be it for 
example we have spoken on last couple of years of heightened amount of 
capital expenditure that government has done or for that matter when you 
contain inflation. When infra spend goes up, we have seen those long-term 
measures have a higher impact on FMCG demand and because #A, they drive 
disposable income, they drive better amount of jobs and hence they also drive 
more amount of money being available to be spent. So, our read has been that 
those macro factors developed and deployed by government has larger impact 
on FMCG demand. So, that’s where we see higher correlation. 
A. Ravishankar: 
Okay. We are at 7:30. So, we will end the session here. Before we end, let me 
remind you that the playback of this event will be available on the Investor 
Relations website in a short while from now. If there are further questions, feel 
free to reach out to any of us in the IR team and we will be happy to address 
them. Once again, thanks for the participation and have a great evening ahead.  
Ritesh Tiwari: 
Thank you so much for all your engagement really appreciate. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Hindustan Unilever Limited that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us, you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript has been edited to remove any grammatical inaccuracies or inconsistencies of 
English language that might have occurred inadvertently while speaking. 
 
