SMC GLOBAL SECURITIES LIMITED 
CS 
wo? wa BN 
»SmMmc 
Member: NSE « BSE * MSE « NCDEX + MCX 
Clearing & Trading Member 
: Cash, F&O, Currency, Debt & Commodity 
SEBI Regn. No. 
: INZ 000199438 + Research Analyst No. 
: INH100001849 
  
Moneywise. 
Moneywise. Be wise 
wise. 
Regd. Office 
: 11/6B, Shanti Chamber, Pusa Road, New Delhi-110005 
Ph 
: +91-11-30111000, 40753333 
Fax 
: +91-11-25754365 + CIN No. 
: L74899DL1994PLC063609 
E-mail 
: smc@smcindiaonline.com 
Website 
: www.smcindiaonline.com 
Date: 15th November, 2023 
  
 
 
 
 
To, 
Listing Operations 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, P J Towers, Dalal Street, | National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Mumbai -400001, India 
Exchange 
Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 543263 
Symbol: SMCGLOBAL 
Subject: Submission of the Transcript of Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Dear Sir(s)/Ma’am 
In 
compliance 
with 
regulation 
30 
of SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Part A (15) 
of Schedule III, please find 
attached herewith the transcript of Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on 8th 
November, 2023. 
The same shall be available at the Company’s website i.e. www.smcindiaonline.com 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
For SMC Global Securities Limited 
Suman Kumar 
E.V.P. (Corporate Affairs & Legal), Company Secretary & General Counsel 
(Membership No. F5824) 
re 
F 
MUMBAI OFFICE 
: AWing, 401/402, Lotus Corporate Park, Graham Firth Steel Compound, Off Western Express Highway, Jay Coach Signal, Goregaon East 
¥ 
Mumbai-400063 Ph 
: +91-22-67341600, 66481818 Fax 
: +91-22-67341697 E-mail 
: smcmumbai@smcindiaonline.com 
” 
KOLKATA OFFICE : 
18, Rabindra Sarani, Poddar Court, Gate No. 4, 5th Floor, Kolkata - 700001 Ph 
: +91-33-66127000 Fax 
: +91-33-66127004 
surosane won 
A SEI Initiative 
  
  
E-mai! 
: smckoi!kata@smcindiaonline.com
SUMAN 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
SUMAN KUMAR 
Date: 2023.11.15 
15:42:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 6 
SMC Global Securities Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 8, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SMC Global Securities Limited Q2 FY22 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
"*" then "0" on your touch-tone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Purvangi 
Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you Mrs. Jain.  
Purvangi Jain:  
Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of SMC Global Securities Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's 
earnings conference call for the second quarter of the Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the 
statements made in today's concall may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking 
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ 
from those anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as 
assumptions made by an information currently available to management. Audiences are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any 
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference call is purely to educate 
and bring awareness about the company's fundamental business and financial quarter under 
review. Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating in today's 
earnings conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us. 
Mr. Subhash C. Aggarwal – Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group. Mr. Mahesh C. 
Gupta – Vice Chairman and Managing Director of SMC Group. Mr. Ajay Garg – Director and 
CEO of SMC Global Securities Limited; Mr. Himanshu Gupta – Chairman and CEO of 
Moneywise Financial Services Private Limited; Dr. D. K. Aggarwal – CMD of SMC Capitals 
Limited; Mr. Anurag Bansal – Wholetime Director of SMC Global Securities Limited; Mr. 
Pranay Aggarwal – Chairman and CEO of Stoxkart, and Mr. Vinod Kumar Jamar – President 
and Group CFO. 
I will hand it over to Mr. Subhash C. Aggarwal for his opening remarks. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:   
Thank you, and good afternoon, everyone. It is my pleasure to welcome you to the earning 
conference call of our company for the Second Quarter and Financial Year 2024.  

 
Page 2 of 6 
For the benefit of those joining this call for the first time, let me begin by providing some 
background information on our company, to get everyone on the same page. 
SMC Global Securities Limited over the years has grown into a diversified financial services 
company offering a wide spectrum of services like brokerage, investment banking, wealth 
management, distribution of financial products, financing, insurance broking, clearing and 
depository services, fixed income securities, financial advisory services to corporate, 
institution, high net worth individuals, and other retail clients.  
We have a strong network of 2485 sub-brokers and authorized persons spreading across 455 
cities in India. Over the years, we have also launched various innovative digital technology-
enabled capabilities to offer best in class products and services. Our discount broking arm 
under the brand name of Stoxkart which is a first of its kind platform in the broking industry 
has noticed a very positive response. The company is governed by strong board including ten 
independent director of high standing and is run by highly qualified and experienced 
management team. With our established presence and by embracing the latest technology, 
we are pioneered for continued growth in coming years. I now hand over to Mr. Vinod Jamar 
– our Group CFO to take you through the financial and operational accomplishments for the 
2nd quarter of Financial Year 2024. Over to Mr. Vinod Jamar. 
Vinod Jamar:  
Thank you, Subhash Sir, and Good after noon everyone. Talking about the financial 
performance for quarter 2 FY24 of our company. On a consolidated basis, the operating 
income for the quarter was Rs 390 crores, which grew by 29.7% on a year-on-year basis. 
Operating EBITDA was reported at approximately Rs 94 crores increased approximately by 
45% year-on-year. EBITDA margin stood at around 24.13%. Net profit after tax reported Rs. 
40 crores while PAT margin stood at 10.24%. For the first half of Financial Year 2024, the 
operating income stood at Rs. 701 crores, which grew by 18.8% on year-on-year basis. 
Operating EBITDA reported was approximately Rs. 173 crores increased approximately by 
27% year-on-year basis and EBITDA margin stood at 24.63%. Net profit after tax was reported 
at approximately Rs. 70 crores, while the PAT margin percent stood at about 10%.  
Let me now take you through quarterly segmental performance on a consolidated basis: In 
the broking distribution and trading segment Q2 revenue stood at about Rs 227 crores, which 
is increased by 16% on a year-on-year basis and for first half of FY24 revenue increased by 
13% on a year-on-year basis. The number of branches increased to 142 from 129 during 
quarter ended September 2023. 
Coming to the insurance broking division, revenue for Q2 stood at about Rs 123 crores which 
grew by 47% on a year-on-year basis and in first half of FY24 revenue increased by 28% on 
year-on-year basis. The EBIT increased in Q2 by 87% and in first half of FY24 it grew by 71%.  

 
Page 3 of 6 
Lastly in the financing division segment revenue for quarter 2 was around 46 crores, which 
grew by 65% on a year-on-year basis and in first half of FY 24 increased by 50% on a year-on-
year basis. Loan AUM stood at Rs 1016 crores, an increase by 40% on a year-on-year basis. 
EBIT in quarter 2 grew by 53% on a year-on-year basis and in the first half of FY24 by 53% on 
year-on-year basis. The GNPA and NNPA decreased to 2.32% and 1.3% in September 2023 
respectively, from 2.62% and 1.51% in September 2022. With this, we can now open the floor 
for the questions and answer session. Thank you.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. The first question is from the line of Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
 Namaskar sir, and congratulations for such a nice performance. Financially operating 
businesses have been doing so well, your clients are also adding. So, something good, Sir I as 
a shareholder and client of SMC would like to just request you that why we did not give a 
dividend interim dividend for the second quarter as well. That is one and secondly sir, how 
our good performance can be reflected in the prices. So, you are expert people of the share 
market. So, you can better suggest that. Thank you. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar Damani Ji, you see just two quarters are there, we are always open for 
future quarter for interim dividend and it is not correct to disclose when we will declare, but 
as usual we are open and secondly price is not reflecting that is investors to decide, share 
price is less than book value, so, it is up to the investor. I do not want to comment on share 
price increasing, but it should there. You people should decide why it is like that. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
One more question regarding one announcement was there before few quarters that you had 
purchased some real estate. So, what was the purpose. I mean, is it for development or what 
is it planned? I think it was on the Faridabad side or something like that, if I am not wrong. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
We are constructing our own office in Mohan cooperative Property. Our offices are spread in 
Delhi in many places, so we want to consolidate it and put it in one place for administrative 
purposes and for effectiveness. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
So, the building is ready by now or because it was a plot of land that was. 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
It will be ready by around the year 2025, target has been given to architect by March 2025. 
Sanjeev Kumar Damani: 
Okay. Will we be able to get some extra square feet for letting out to others or it will be only 
ours? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
It is for our own use which will be around 1,50,000 square feet. So, in total for our use only 
we think we will not let it to others. 

 
Page 4 of 6 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi, good after-noon sir and congratulations on great sets of numbers. My first question is on 
the broking part of the business. Currently we are seeing the entire industry is seeing uptick 
in volume. There is an uptick in volume as well as number of clients. So, just wanted to 
understand I mean share broking is that by structure it is a cyclical business. The markets are 
doing well, which is causing volumes to be on the higher side. See if the volume has to come 
down tomorrow. What are we doing to make this business more sustainable. So, current rate 
of revenue, which we saw for H1 FY24, how can we make this sustain this business on 
sustainable basis? 
Subhash C. Aggarwal:  
Just I can say one thing. Even if economy is not doing well because broking business can be 
reduced only when the economy is not doing well and our economy as per statistics and 
research given by research institutions India is to grow from 6% to 8% to 9%, at least for the 
next 50 years. So, the financial industry will be the most beneficial when economy is growing. 
So, I always say we are very positive about the economy as well as our financial industry and 
penetration will be definitely there because we are very positive. We are well diversified in 
our financial services and even one segment is not performing well, we have various other 
segments like NBFC, Insurance broking, real estate broking, investment banking, etc to 
compensate. So, many businesses we are doing under one roof. We are providing more type 
of financial services. So, we are very positive and we have seen all negative positive part in 
the industry. We have seen 1992, we have seen 2000, we have seen 2008 and so many up 
and down we have seen in the industry. We are very positive, and we have always stood 
without being affected even in negative things. 
Ajay Garg:  
Let me add to this, I am Ajay Garg, Director and CEO of SMC Global. So, basically you see in 
the broking industry after COVID like we have seen before COVID 4 crs. demat account were 
there, now 12 crs. demat accounts are there and even penetration is happening in Tier-3, 
Tier-4 cities. If you see the data more than 55% of the new demat trading are coming from 
Tier-3, Tier-4 cities. So, SMC is a full broking house as well as we do have our discount arm 
and we are working 360 degrees as we are increasing number of branches, we are focusing 
on even franchises into Tier-3, Tier-4 cities and we are doing a lot of digital marketing and we 
are putting lot of stress on the improvement of technology. So, in coming six months you will 
see like the complete face of SMC to change, be it back office software, be it website, the 
mobile trading application, be it KYC app. So, lot of things we are revamping and as Subhash Ji 
said that Indian economy is bound to grow and we are becoming from #3 to #2 in next 5 
years and #1 in next 15- 20 years, so SMC is also poised to grab all the opportunities and we 
are very positive about the financial industry. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, fair enough and in terms of competition, I mean broking is becoming a fairly 
competitive business, stock broking as well as insurance broking business because we have 

 
Page 5 of 6 
heard that Jio Financial wants to get into this space and when someone like Jio enters the 
space, they want to disrupt the industry. So, what is your strategy to withstand the 
competition? So, one of the earlier participants had asked something about the stock not 
performing. I think one of the key aspects is that either the market feels that the broking 
revenue is not sustainable because if the market doesn't do well or if the market activity 
comes down, the earnings will fall at a faster rate and #2 is the competition aspect of it on 
the broking side you have say Zerodha, Groww, Angel who are growing aggressively. Anyone 
on the insurance broking side, more and more players are getting into it. So, how are you 
positioning yourself to send your market share? 
Ajay Garg:  
You see like Subhash Ji has pointed out that SMC is a well-diversified financial services 
provider. We do have insurance, mutual funds, fixed income products like besides grouping 
like we are into various spaces and even to the clients like through our mobile app, we will be 
providing besides broking services, mutual funds and insurance services and lot of advisory 
products and like lot of Fintech tie-up we are doing as well. So, we are continuously working 
on improving our technology and we will be ahead of the competitor in time to come and you 
see in the growing market even till date lot of competition had come but since then we are 
holding this position and with the new technology  we try to even surpass lot of competitors. 
Our discount process arm is also doing very well. We have opened more than 2,00,000 
trading account through our discount broking arm and even the new mobile app has been 
launched which is currently working in a beta phase and we are going to promote it once it is 
fully developed. So, we are very confident that we will be ahead of the competition. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay, that is good to hear and on the NBFC business side, so when we talk with the other 
players that we listen to the player, the commentary for the smaller banks say the small 
finance banks or even the NBFC, they are quite skeptical about the SME space. They are going 
slow or somewhere they are saying that some sort of stress is still there. So, in comparison 
you are doing this book at a faster rate. So, just wanted to get a sense of how the underlying 
industry is pairing for you and what gives you this confidence to grow in this business? 
Himanshu Gupta: 
I am Himanshu Gupta CEO of Moneywise Financial Services Private Limited.  So, basically you 
see, as we discussed the India as a country is doing very well. So, SME sector would also be 
doing very well even today and in time to come. So, we are very confident about the SME 
market and even as you said, the small finance banks and other NBFCs are equally focused on 
the SME space. Our book size is relatively smaller to them. We have not diversified into the 
consumer lending space, but we are also fully focused on the SME space and the credit 
quality is holding in the SME lending space, however we have also added products within the 
SME space, we have diversified our exposure to geographical diversification and even the 
industry within the SME sectors is also very well diversified. So, we are not concentrated on 
any particular location or industry and also our underwriting practices are very-very strong. 
So, we are very confident of growing in this space. 

 
Page 6 of 6 
Harsh Shah: 
 
Okay. Understood. All right, thank you so much, Sir. And all the best. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Mahesh Gupta from SMC Global Securities Limited for the closing 
comments. 
Mahesh Gupta:  
Myself, Mahesh Gupta, thank you all for participating in this in this earning concall. I hope we 
have been able to answer your questions satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or 
would like to know more about the company, please reach out to our Investor Relations 
Manager at Valorem Advisors. Thank you. Stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much to all.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of SMC Global Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
