 
 
Date:  14th November, 2023 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”), 
The Listing Department 
“Exchange Plaza”, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
To, 
BSE Limited (“BSE”), 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
2nd Floor, New Trading Ring, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
NSE Symbol: SULA 
BSE Scrip Code: 543711  
ISIN: INE142Q01026 
ISIN: INE142Q01026 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call for analyst/institutional investors for discussing 
Un-Audited Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the quarter  
and half year ended 30th September, 2023 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Analyst / Investor Conference Call held on Friday, 10th November, 2023 with regard to the Un-Audited 
Standalone and Consolidated financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023. 
 
The said transcript has been uploaded on the Company’s website at the following link: 
https://sulavineyards.com/investor-relations.php. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Sula Vineyards Limited 
 
 
 
Ruchi Sathe 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A33566  
 
RUCHI 
PRAMO
D SATHE
Digitally signed 
by RUCHI 
PRAMOD SATHE 
Date: 2023.11.14 
16:10:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Sula Vineyards Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJEEV SAMANT – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SULAVINEYARDS LIMITED 
MR. KARAN VASANI – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
AND CHIEF WINEMAKER – SULAVINEYARDS LIMITED 
MR. ABHISHEK KAPOOR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– SULAVINEYARDS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DIWAKAR PINGLE – E&Y, IR 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call of 
Sula Vineyards Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing 
star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Diwakar Pingle from EY, IR. Thank you and over to 
you. 
Diwakar Pingle: 
Thank you so much, Yashashri. Good afternoon, friends. We welcome you to the Q2 FY 2024 
Earnings Call of Sula Vineyards Limited. To take us through the results and to answer your 
questions, we have with us the top management from Sula, represented by Rajeev Samant, 
CEO, Karan Vasani, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Winemaker, and Abhishek Kapoor, 
the Chief Financial Officer. We'll start with a brief overview of the quarter gone past by 
Rajeev, which will give a broad highlight of the business trends and what he's observing in the 
market. 
This will then be followed by Abhishek with the financials, and we'll round it up with Karan 
talking about the operations in the upcoming harvest season. We'll open the floor to Q&A after 
this. The discussions that we have today may contain forward-looking statements relating to 
future events and future performance. 
Numerous factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-
looking statements. New factors emerge from time to time, and it's not possible for 
management to predict all such factors, as is the extent to which any combination of factors 
may impact Sula's business or cause results to differ materially from those contained in any 
forward-looking statement. Sula also undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking 
statement to reflect developments that occur after the statement is made. 
With that said, I'll now hand over the floor to Rajeev. Over to you, Rajeev. 
Rajeev Samant: 
Thanks a lot, Diwakar. Good afternoon to all of you, and I want to wish you a very happy 
Dhanteras and Diwali. All looking forward to enjoying Diwali break after this.May Lakshmi 
bless you all.  
I'm pleased to announce another solid quarter of double-digit growth here at Sula, leading once 
again to an all-time quarterly revenue, in this case, our Q2 revenue, EBITDA and PAT. I 
believe we've started on quite a good note, strong note for H1, and looking forward to an 
equally strong year ahead. 
In Q2, revenues have grown overall revenues by 11.6% YOY, reaching a total of Rs 142.8 
crores. Of course, our focus, own brands have grown by a little bit more than that, just over 
12%, reaching Rs 128.2 crores. And within this, our super focus premium portfolio, that is our 
Elite & Premium wines, have grown by 15%. 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
So, this is very much in keeping with the trend that we have had over the last few quarters 
since before, just before IPO and after that. Our focused efforts on the higher-end segment 
have succeeded in increasing our Elite & Premium wine share to an unprecedented close to 
74% in Q2. That's up from 72%, a year ago. 
So, this is a tribute to our unerring focus on the higher end of the spectrum in Indian wine. You 
can say that we are India's first premium alcobev company. This is a trend that you have in the 
rest of the world. 
You have many companies who explicitly only focus on the premium end of the spectrum. 
And today, you can say that Sula is really the first one of those alcobev companies in India 
that's very focused on the premium end of the spectrum. And this is a good thing because we're 
definitely seeing K-shaped growth here. 
So Elite & Premium has grown, as I told you, by 15%. Our Popular & Economy grew at just 
4.2%. We have repeatedly said that this is not a very exciting segment for us, this lower-priced 
segment. There's a lot of competition, very heavy discounting, and very low profitability. So, 
we are very firmly focused on wines costing above INR700, below that, not so much. And 
given this K-shaped growth that we are witnessing, and I guess this is not only us, but there’s 
also other industries as well, other consumer goods, other alcobev, our premiumization 
strategy has been the right one and for us and a profitable one. 
Our world-renowned Wine Tourism business has also shone very brightly in this quarter, 
grown at close to 27%. And within this, I'm especially happy to note a massive 43% jump in 
tastings over Q2 FY2023. So, we did close to 50,000 tastings at our various facilities this 
quarter. That's a pretty massive number, and that is something that's going to pay rich 
dividends going forward. A lot of these people have never tasted wine before. Some of them 
might have tasted some wine, but they might not be familiar with our wines. And once they 
come to our campus and taste the best of what we have to offer, they become firm brand 
ambassadors for Sula.  
And also, we move them along their path of becoming wine consumers and wine drinkers. And 
I want to note here that no other consumer goods company in India has anything like this 
beautiful property, these properties that we have. And that really sets us apart and gives us 
such a great springboard continuously for future growth. And you know, we are barely 
scratching the surface. Even when you look at the number of tastings, when you compare it to 
the population of drinking age and even you can say the people who drink of drinking age, you 
know, these numbers can just keep coming for a long time to come. 
 
And this is a major reason for our continued success. And everybody who's on this call who 
has not yet visited our vineyards, once again, I would love to welcome all of you. We have 
really a stunning and unique place. You know, it's one of the largest Wine Tourism operations 
in the world. And you know, sometimes some of you say that you try to come, and you can't 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
get a room and we've done something to address that. I'm very happy to say we now have three 
beautiful new lakeside villas and one more lakeside property. We've taken our total keys to 
over a hundred. So that's almost a 50% jump over the last year or 15 months. So hopefully 
you'll find the availability. Of course, you can always get in touch with us directly and and 
we'll help you out.  
We've also expanded at the same time our iconic Nashik winery tasting room to keep up with 
the continuing surge in visitor numbers, as well as our beautiful Starlight Terrace where you 
get to enjoy our wines under the starlit Nashik sky. We've something like increased that by 
50% in the past quarter. 
 
And our promise is every time you come back, for those of you who have already been, every 
time you come back, you're going to find something new and exciting. So, just because you've 
been once doesn't mean that you can't be visiting again.  
As a result of this revenue growth, our EBITDA margin has grown by 173 basis points to 
31.6% in Q2, crossing 30% for the first time ever in Q2. And our PAT has risen also, the 
margin has risen to 16.2%. That's a growth of 93 basis points compared to the previous Q2. 
One of the milestones which I would like to highlight today is that we have now had six 
consecutive quarters of YOY growth in our revenue, EBITDA and PAT. And I believe it's 
double-digit growth in terms of own brand revenue, EBITDA and PAT. So, we're really 
building a great track record of growth and execution here. And as we approach the one-year 
milestone since listing, we're really pleased to have delivered something like a 35% to 40% 
return to our IPO investors until the close of trading yesterday. 
 
And I do hope we all of us do hope that this is just the beginning. One really great statistic that 
stands out is that our institutional shareholding has jumped to over 36% from 16% just after 
listing. So, if you look at FII's plus DII's shareholding, we are today over 36%. And I want to 
place on record my thanks to institutional shareholders for believing in us, just shows that they 
believe in this company, in the management, in our execution. This will pave the way for 
greater growth and stability in share price. We're all aware that institutional investors tend to 
be typically longer-term investors compared to general investors. So, it's something that that 
bodes very well for us for the future.  
One thing that I'm very proud of is our efforts in sustainability, climate mitigation and climate 
readiness. We recognize climate change as a significant risk early on, and we've been very 
proactive in implementing measures to mitigate its impact. So, this will be our fourth excellent 
harvest in terms of successive, in terms of quality and quantity. You know, that's easy to say, 
but what you don't see is the hard work that goes on behind the scenes in making this happen, 
in mitigating the impact of climate change, global warming. So, our winemaking team, 
viticulture teams are continuously doing so much work to make sure that even if there are 
some unseasonal events, climate events, weather events, Sula is ready to make sure that we get 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
the supply that we need of quality wine grapes and therefore to produce quality wine to meet 
the ever-increasing demand. 
 
And, you know, I should point out here that a lot of the world's wine regions have experienced 
some dramatic climate issues over the last five, six years. And if you look at any given major 
wine region in the world, it will be difficult for them to claim that they've had four harvests 
where they've mitigated impacts and managed to deliver a consistently good quality and 
quantity harvest. So. this is something that also should give all of you a good feeling for the 
future. 
 
We are firmly on the path to being one of the world's most sustainable wine producers, very 
committed to reducing our ecological footprint and increasing especially our renewable 
energy. So, to that end, we have also taken a call to increase our investments in renewable, 
especially solar. When I say renewable in Sula’s terms, that's mainly solar. That makes a lot of 
sense for us. Solar compared to, along with now storage, something that we're starting to invest 
in. So, this year we are bumping up our solar energy CapEx and our sustainability CapEx. And 
our goal is that 70% of our energy should come from solar energy by 2026. Right now, we're 
just above 50%. We've grown consistently over the last decade. And this is the target that 
we've really set ourselves. This will really reduce our environmental and carbon footprint in 
this world where this is becoming so important. And also, at the same time, pave the way for 
substantial future cost savings over increasingly costly grid power. And so, unlock profits in 
the years to come.  
I'd like to talk about a few of the pending sort of issues that have been brought up in these 
calls, in past calls. One is about the Maharashtra WIPS issue. That's the VAT refund scheme. 
That again is still in abeyance at this point, but we remain optimistic. At the same time, I want 
to point out that the other states have been growing much faster. So, in H1 our fastest growing 
segment has been CSD, Canteen Stores, which has had close to triple digit growth compared to 
last year. So, what's happened is that all these other markets and states have been growing 
faster than Maharashtra in this H1. And what that has meant is that our proportion of revenue 
that comes from Maharashtra and therefore the proportion that comes from this WIPS scheme 
has been steadily decreasing. For this quarter, it is at 7.4% more or less versus 8.9% a year 
ago. So along with that also the overhang and the risk is steadily reducing.  
Also, a word about the excise blending matter that made the news a few months ago. As you're 
all aware, we had received a demand notice from the Maharashtra excise, and we immediately 
obtained a stay from the High Court. Again, we are very hopeful here that, the hearing has 
already happened, and we hope to get a positive ruling within this quarter itself. We're quite 
optimistic about our chances of getting this positive ruling. So that's just a word that I have to 
say here because I know that there would be questions on both of these cases. 
So, ladies and gentlemen, here at Sula, we are really doing something special. We're creating a 
category here that has a potential to pay off for decades to come. Nobody until we came along 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
had created a premium wine company and premium wine brands in the way that we have done. 
India still has such a long way to go. Per capita consumption here of wine is still pretty much 
the lowest in the world at maybe 20-25 milliliters per capita in contrast to China, which is 
more like 800 milliliters, so 0.8 liters. So, we have our sights set on something like that and we 
do believe that it's just a matter of time that we get close to that. We leave aside, we're not even 
going to mention Europe where the per capita consumption is northwards of 20 liters and UK 
and US where it's more like 15 liters. But we are very confident that we will get there in time 
and that gives us a lot of runway for the decades ahead for continuous growth. 
 
When I talk about Premium Wines, I would like to bring attention to our Source range, which 
to my mind has been by far the most successful premium Indian wine brand launch of this past 
decade. Our source is getting new consumers, customers every day and we have, really 
successfully with this range. taken the battle to the imported brands and we've really hit the 
sweet spot. This range is sort of between Rs 1,100 and Rs 1,400, so somewhere just below the 
price of imported wines above most other domestic wines and of course in the sweet spot as far 
as profits go and as far as quality goes.  We're very pleased to announce the launch of our latest 
addition to this range, which is the Source Pinot Noir. Those of you who are wine drinkers and 
especially red wine drinkers will know how important a varietal Pinot Noir is. So, we're very 
pleased. This is our first Pinot Noir being launched from the Sula’s stable and to our mind, the 
Source Pinot Noir is by far the best Pinot that's ever been created in India. And once again, you 
know, it will start small, few hundred cases, but then grow dramatically and create another 
avenue for growth, you know, a couple of years down the road, et cetera. So that's something 
that we've been very successful. You know, recently we released our first Chardonnay, that 
was the Dindori Chardonnay. Also, recently we did our first Moscato, which is India's first and 
only Moscato, which is the Source Moscato. So, we are continuously bringing out more wines 
that are not available in our stable yet. And that creates, you know, there's customers and 
consumers looking for those wines and they have a great today premium Indian equivalent, 
which creates a further runway for growth down the road. So, with this addition, we have six 
wines in the Source range and successfully bringing higher end wine drinkers back to drinking 
world-class Indian wines.  
I'm very pleased on the management front, pleased to announce that our Chief Winemaker 
Karan Vasani, sitting here right next to me, who's been a very key member of the Sula 
leadership team since the past 10 years, has taken over as Chief Operating Officer from 
October onwards. You're going to hear a few words from him in a bit.  
And I would now like to introduce also Abhishek Kapoor, who joined us as CFO in August. 
He brings over two decades of expertise in financial planning, accounting from various 
FMCG, media and auto companies, and gives me pleasure to introduce him to you. 
 
And I will close out on that note. And it's over to you, Abhishek. 
Abhishek Kapoor: 
Thanks, Rajeev. A very good afternoon to everyone. 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
 
And at the outset, I would like to wish everyone a very, very happy Deepawali. I'm delighted 
to interact with all of you over my first earnings call, post taking over as the CFO at Sula. As 
Rajeev has given a detailed narrative of our business performance, including the key initiatives 
we have taken during the quarter, let me take you through some key highlights of our financial 
performance during the quarter in H1. 
 
Our revenue from operations has grown 11.6%, which is a result of our continuous focus on 
premiumization. In our own wine brand portfolio, which now contributes to 89% of our 
operating revenues, our Elite & Premium category has grown 13% by volume and 15% by 
value, while our Economy & Popular category has grown 4% in value terms. There's a 
favorable mix shift of 190 basis points towards Elite & Premium, taking its total contribution 
to 73.5% of our own brand's portfolio. 
Our wine tourism facilities in Nasik, which act as one of the key consumer enrollment 
platforms for us, continues to see an ever-increasing fraction of our guests. Our wine tourism 
revenues have seen a solid 27% growth in Q2. As a result of a favorable mixed change in 
revenues, our gross margin has expanded by 122 basis points to hit 73.1%. On cost front, we 
continue to invest in strengthening our human resources through a strong learning and 
development program. 
We also continue to invest in our market through selling and distribution spends focused on 
driving a healthy portfolio mix. We registered an EBITDA growth of 18% with an EBITDA 
margin of 31.6%, which is up 172 basis points over quarter two last year. Our profit after-tax 
for H1 stands at Rs 36.8 crores, up 21% year-on-year, and our EPS stands at Rs 4.4 per share, 
up 15%. 
As Rajiv spoke about our continual focus on expanding our investments in sustainability 
initiatives, we invested a significant proportion of over Rs 17 crores CapEx in H1 towards 
these initiatives. I would also like to inform we are very comfortable with our debt EBITDA, 
which is well below 2.  Where the benchmark rates have increased to 110 basis points, for us, 
our borrowing cost has grown only 60 basis points.  
I'm also pleased to share with you all that we have enhanced our credit rating from CRISIL 
from ‘A positive’ to ‘A plus stable’, and this will further help us in leveraging and improving 
our long-term as well as short-term borrowing costs. With this, to talk about more initiatives, I 
would like to hand over to our COO, Karan. 
Karan Vasani: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you, Rajeev. Thank you to all of you for joining our Q2 earnings 
call, and Happy Deepawali to everyone. 
 
Building on some of the stuff Rajeev and Abhishek have already shared with everyone, I'm 
happy to announce that we look to be set for quite a successful 2024 grape harvest. We expect 
this to kick off in January as per normal. There were a few concerns, of course, with a slightly 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
deficient monsoon, but happy to say that the monsoon did catch up in September, and we look 
set for a very strong harvest, which will assure us to have adequate supply of our key Elite & 
Premium wines in fiscal 2025. So, absolutely no concerns from a supply point of view.  
In further updates from the winery, I should mention is that in Karnataka, where we have two 
wineries, we will be exiting our leased winery and consolidating all our operations at our own 
facility called Domaine Sula, which is halfway between Bangalore and Mysore, and also a key 
wine tourism facility for us.  
We were finding that this leased facility, which we had been at for over a decade, was not up 
to the mark for producing our Elite & Premium wines, and as our focus shifts towards 
premiumization, we felt it best to consolidate all our operations at our own facility. 
 
So, this will be just a replication of capacity. The leased unit was about 6.5 lakh liters, and we 
will be putting in an equivalent capacity at our Domaine Sula facility, and we expect this to 
complete in time for the 2024 grape harvest.  
In further details about capacity, we felt that we were able to slightly augment the capacity of 
our DD unit, which is our key unit in Maharashtra. We're doing a small 3.5 lakh liter 
expansion, which will roughly be about 2.5% to 3% of our overall capacity, and this will stand 
us in good stead as we're expecting a strong harvest. Always good for us to have a little bit of 
safety margin on the capacity side. With all of this capacity expansion, our investment in 
renewables also happening. We will be increasing our annual capital expenditure this year 
from Rs 55 crores to Rs 65 crores, an increase of 18%, and as Abhishek already alluded to, we 
are very comfortable on the financing side. Rs 5 crores of this increased CapEx will, of course, 
go towards renewables, some of it towards the cellar capacity expansion, and we have also 
picked up a little bit of land at our Domaine Sula facility in Karnataka, which will be helpful in 
the long term as our hospitality operations grow at that facility. 
So that's it from me, and I will hand back over to the call operators to get us into Q&A. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator:  
We have a first question from the line of Vishal Punmia from YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Punmia: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity and best of greetings to the team. So, my question is 
actually on the overall market in terms of the growth potential. You mentioned that the focus 
would be on premiumization going forward. So, pardon me if I am repeating this question. I 
haven't attended the past calls, but if I look at the kind of growth that we have seen in Tastings 
as well as in terms of tourism, so there is definitely a lot of interest behind the category. The 
penetration level of this subcategory within the overall Alcobev space is fairly small compared 
to the other big categories. So why so early in terms of focusing on premiumization? Being a 
market leader, I think, shouldn't we be focusing more on getting more and more consumers for 
the future? 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Rajeev Samant:  
That's a good question. You know that in terms of AlcoBev, given the high taxation that states 
levy, you know, our raw material is not as cheap as what is used in a lot of, for instance, IMFL 
or beer. Grapes are inherently more expensive. So, what happens is at the lower end of the 
price spectrum, profitability totally vanishes. So, if you want to put in a fairly expensive 
CapEx, the way it is in our case, it doesn't make sense. And therefore, you know, we don't 
believe when we talk about premium, we're talking about INR800 to INR1000. As I've said 
before, that's our sweet spot. 
 
We don't believe that that's an impediment for a large number of people to get in and to try at 
Rs 400, Rs 500, you know, state taxes. And then in the case of free pricing markets like 
Maharashtra, unfortunately, it tends to be massive discounting, gobbles up all the profit. So, 
though we are not saying that we are totally letting go of this category, what we are saying is 
that it is not a prime focus for us. 
 
So, there are many other players who are in this category. And therefore, probably the category 
growth at a Rs 200, Rs 300 level is possibly higher than what our growth is. But our growth at 
the Rs 800 to Rs 1000 level is far faster than what the category has been. Now, of course, we're 
reaching a stage where we have such a major market share. And we still, we feel that that's the 
way to go about it for ourselves. 
Vishal Punia: 
Understood. Is it the case that currently when new consumers are entering, if they enter at a 
more than Rs 700 price point, it benefits the category both in terms of earnings as well as in 
terms of marketing because of the regulatory environment? Would that be the case? 
Rajeev Samant: 
Yes, so we would distinguish between a couple of different kinds of consumers. There are 
those consumers for whom price is the most important thing, price bang for the buck. They 
want something alcoholic and sweet. And they are the natural consumers of our port wine. You 
know that Sula is still today the largest port wine producer in the country, even having said 
that we focus on the top line. We don't see a lot of those consumers naturally moving up the 
value chain. 
 
A lot of them are stuck or are going to remain at that sub Rs 500 level. Whereas you have a lot 
of the, you know, you have a young cohort of new wine drinkers coming into drinking age for 
the first time, coming from fairly affluent backgrounds. These are the ones who are naturally 
reaching for the Rs 700, Rs 800. So our Rosé Zinfandel, I would say our Chenin Blanc!. These 
are two very popular wines among these consumers. And they are the ones going up the price 
ladder as we go along. And there's more than enough of those. We've had a dramatic increase 
in our premium wine sales as well, this H1. Last year was much more about Elite. This year 
H1 Premium has also seen a massive double-digit increase. And so, you do have a lot of these 
consumers and they are our target. 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Vinamra Rawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Vinamra Rawat: 
So, Rajeev, you sound pretty bullish on the wine tourism segment. Do you see it becoming 
more than 10% of your revenue going forward? 
Rajeev Samant: 
So, I should put this in perspective that there's something hidden here, which is the wine that 
we sell at Wine Tourism, which shows up in own brand's revenue. But it is basically DTC. If 
you take that this year, our total wine tourism revenues, including our DTC wine is going to be 
something above Rs 90 crores. 
 
So, actually, when you take it, it's much more significant than 10% for the company as a whole 
we start to get to something more like 15% to 18%, something like that. So very significant 
from that point of view. And here's a place where we can drive people towards, nudge them 
towards trying exactly what is our focus brand or focus brands for that quarter or for that year, 
which is a great way to go. So actually, the revenues are going to be something above Rs 90 
crores this year, the way it looks. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
And do you also see it incrementally becoming a larger portion of your revenue? 
Rajeev Samant: 
You know, this year, actually, the growth will be fairly significant because of all the increases 
in the number of keys, et cetera, et cetera. Moving forward, I don't necessarily see it 
outperforming own brands as a whole. You know, I would see it more in line or in fact, I 
would see own brands, especially the Premium & Elite, even growing a little bit faster than 
wine tourism going forward. 
 
It's much more feasible to show this strong double digit growth in Elite & Premium wines 
across the country and across the world than to keep growing our wine tourism because there 
are some inherent, you know, factors there which tie to where the wine is actually produced. 
Though we do have some plans for some more retail stores, we're opening a few more retail 
stores this quarter. That's the plan in the Nashik area. But still, I don't see it outperforming own 
brands as a whole. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
My second question is, you know, do you have any guidance on volume and value growth in 
the Elite & Premium segment? 
Rajeev Samant: 
So, I see whatever has been happening for the past couple of quarters, we are fairly 
comfortable with seeing that moving forward. So, I would say, also value, you know, strong 
double digit, but sorry, can't give much more color than that. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
Two questions. So firstly, I mean, on wine tourism, I think it was asked earlier also, just 
building on that question. Is there potential to put up or basically expand this across the 
country? Right now, you're operating from two sites, effectively. So can you build this out 
across the country? 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
May not be, I'm not talking about immediate, but let's say over a period of time. And secondly, 
can you give a sense of what you are doing to expand this category overseas, especially selling 
your wines outside of India? 
Rajeev Samant: 
So yes, there is a potential to expand this to certain other sites. But that I would say is very 
early days. What I would say is that at our Bangalore site right now, we do not have 
opportunity to stay. And that is something that has been very successful at our Nashik site. So 
that is firmly in our plans to offer also a stay option at the Bangalore Vineyards. We hope to 
roll out something in the near future. 
 
And that should add a lot down there. For now, you know, Bangalore itself is growing at 
something like the wine tourism there is growing at something like 50% a year. So, there's a 
lot of work to be done just there in Bangalore, so lot of potential. We have a lot of open land 
there around our winery, which we have earmarked for expansion of wine tourism. 
Aditya Soman:  
I understand very clear. And lastly, in terms of overall penetration, what do you think the total 
population that can afford like an Rs 800 plus wine is and where do you think you are in terms 
of penetration there? 
Rajeev Samant: 
So, in terms of total population, I would I would put it that, you know, anybody who's buying a 
bottle of whiskey, above Rs1500 can afford a bottle of wine above Rs 800 rupees in terms of 
penetration. We've hardly penetration -- penetrated. I would say that today, probably it's, you 
know, 2% of those who are who are buying that whiskey. So, I hope that we can bring that up 
to at least 10%. That would be a great result. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Relita, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Relita: 
My question to you is that you were already present in the metro city. So, I wanted to 
understand from you, what are we doing for increasing your tier one and tier two city? 
Rajeev Samant: 
Yes, so tier one is firmly in our sights. And, you know, I am pleased to say that in the last year 
or so, there's we've seen substantially growth, substantial growth in tier one. You know, I'll 
give you the example of Haryana, where until now, I would say 90% plus of our sales were 
just in Gurgaon. 
 
And now we are pushing out to other cities in Haryana. And part of that is also doing tastings 
in these places. In UP again, our most of our sales have been in Noida. Now we are making 
substantial efforts in in Agra, et cetera. And already starting to see good results from these 
places. So definitely, we do have our sights on that. 
 
And in terms of expansion of our sales team, our sales team has been very metro focused and 
metro based over the past decade. And now we are rolling out ,we are we are starting to hire 
sales personnel in your tier one cities as well. And hopefully also to tier two in the not so far 
future. 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take our next question from the line of Ketan Sanghvi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Ketan Sanghvi: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I have three questions, Rajeev. One is what's the 
percentage revenues for us from the restaurants and the hotel side? The second question is on 
the fixed asset turnover for us. I mean, at 90% to 100% utilization, what would be our 
revenues? 
And the third question I had was on the subsidy that we have received in Q2. And what's the 
current outstanding? Those are the three questions from my side. Thank you. 
Rajeev Samant: 
Revenue from hospitality, you know, in fact, somebody just asked this question, we would 
club the wine sales at hospitality along with the overall with the wine tourism revenues that 
you see in the thing. So, which would bring us to somewhere between Rs 90 to Rs 100 crores 
this year. That's going to be the total revenue from wine tourism, including the wine sales, 
which is obviously a substantial part of it, which is, I don't know, around 50% of the total 
sales. 
In terms of utilization of assets, you know, in wine, typically, you can't do more than 90% of 
your gross sort of storage capacity that you have. Typically, if you do 85%, that's full, I would 
term that as full utilization. What I mean by that is, if you've got a million litres of capacity, 
tank capacity, you can make 8.5 lakh litres, so 850,000 litres of wine, and we are almost at that 
capacity pretty much. 
 
So, we have built out the civil, which allows us to on short order, put in tank capacity based 
on, you know, what we’re expecting in the harvest. So we always, we like to sweat our assets, 
we never really go below 80%. So, we’re always between that sort of 80% and 85%. 
 
Third question was on WIPs. And WIPs, AK, you have some, maybe you can give a little more 
color on that answer. 
Abhishek Kapoor: 
Yes, sure. So, the WIPs accumulated balance on our balance sheet as of date is Rs 130 odd 
crores. This is the fair valuation. And for the year in H1, we have received around Rs 4.5 
crores. The balance, of course, is depending on the policy, which we continue to maintain that 
we are positively hopeful of this. So, I hope this answers your question. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Rhea Khurana, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Rhea Khurana: 
So, my question is, what is the contribution shift you have seen from Maharashtra to the other 
states? And do you see that changing any further? 
Rajeev Samant: 
I'm just seeing if we have that number for you somewhere. Yes, we've got it here. So 
Maharashtra, H1 this year is at just over 48%. Last year, H1, it was at 54%. So quite a- quite a 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
substantial shift to other states. As I said earlier, other states and in the earnings release as 
well, the other states have been growing faster. 
 
So non-traditional wine states, you can say, have been growing far faster. Number one growth 
in H1 has been CSD, in fact. So of course, that is not Maharashtra. The majority of that is 
Delhi in that case. So Yes, hope that answers your question. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Himesh from Purnartha Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Himesh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. So the first question, you mentioned that the Maharashtra VAT 
collection was Rs 4 crores for the first half, right?  Because in the Q1 also, it was Rs 4 crores. 
So basically, for this quarter, we haven't received any amount. 
Abhishek Kapoor: 
So, we received this money only in the month of July. So, we have received the entire sum of 
money in quarter two. Last time, we had said because that call was in August. So, by July, that 
period had already kind of crossed. And we had received this now. 
Himesh: 
And the second question is in terms of the gross margins. So basically, now we are at 78%. 
Can you just help us understand what is the steady state gross margins, because some of the 
raw material costs like the glass and the boxes, the costs have been coming down. So how do 
you see that gross margins going forward? 
Rajeev Samant: 
So, I think we've already reached a great place in terms of gross margins. 78% is something 
unprecedented. I don't necessarily see it going up so much from here. Now, I want to point out 
that, you know, yes, boxes and all that apart, really what's driving the gross margin increase is 
our much better performance in terms of the premium portfolio than the value portfolio. So 
obviously, with the premium portfolio, that's exactly why we are concentrating on it. The gross 
margins are much better. 
 
So, I mean, to my mind, this is almost as good as it gets. But I mean, of course, that's not to say 
that it couldn't even go up further the way things are going. I want to point out that every 
earnings call, I also say that, you know, EBITDA margin, this is probably as good as it gets. 
 
And then what do you know, we have one more quarter. And once again, the EBITDA margin 
has gone up. So, you know, who am I to say? 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vinamra Rawat from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
I have a couple more questions. So, I understand that, you know, Maharashtra becoming a low 
portion of our sales is good because we're less reliant on the WIP subsidy. But isn't 
Maharashtra also the state which has sort of the lowest excise duty on wines and has the lowest 
taxes as a percentage of EWP? 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Rajeev Samant: 
I think possibly Karnataka might be even lower.  
Vinamra Rawat: 
I meant on the lower end, on the lower end compared to the other states. 
Rajeev Samant: 
On the lower end, yes, on the lower end, absolutely. But Maharashtra also has the largest 
number of small wineries producing lower-end wines. So, while you're right that taxes are 
pretty low, it's basically we're talking Rs 10 a litre excise duty. Plus, of course, you have the 
VAT of 20%, and then you're supposed to have WIPs. But of course, that's not come through. 
So, the problem there, of course, is also that you have so many producers producing at the 
lower end, and that is not a quality conscious market. That is to do with quantity and discount. 
So yes, our market share has not been growing at that lower end. If anything, it's been 
declining. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
Okay, so you're saying Maharashtra is generally more of a lower end market? 
Rajeev Samant: 
No, I didn't say that. You were talking, you were asking about taxes. So, I was just replying to 
your taxes question. You said at lower end, at the lower end, it has lower taxes. I assume that's 
what you meant. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
No, no, I was saying it has on the lower end compared to other states. 
Rajeev Samant: 
Yes, so Karnataka and Maharashtra, very much, yes, lower taxes compared to the others. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
Okay, got it, got it. Just another question. So, is there a breakdown of margins of you know, 
the own brands and wine tourism business, if you could provide us? 
Rajeev Samant: 
That, I'm not sure if we are providing that currently in the key indicators. So, I think we could, 
possibly show that from FY 2025 onwards, we might start to do, there could be an expansion 
of our reporting. We'll keep you posted on that. 
Vinamra Rawat: 
If I could just ask one more question. I just wanted to know whether you own the vineyard 
land, or is it leased? 
Rajeev Samant: 
Oh, the company hardly owns any vineyard land. 90% plus of the grapes come from third 
party growers. So, neither do we own it, nor do we lease it. There's a very small acreage of 
land that the company leases for very high-end grapes for the RĀSĀ range. But in terms of 
quantity, it's less than 5% of the total grapes bought by the company. We work with 
smallholders, small farmers. 
Yes, we are dealing with individual grape growers. So, you know, we have something like 400 
grape growers who we have contracts with, et cetera. So, Sula is very asset light when it comes 
to vineyards. We basically buy the grapes, produce the wine, and then sell the wine. We do not 
grow the grapes. 

 
 
Sula Vineyards Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand over the 
call to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rajeev Samant: 
Well, thanks a lot, all of you. Thanks for taking the time. I know that some of you are anxious 
to head out on your Diwali break. And once again, closing with Happy Dhanteras and Happy 
Diwali to all of you, take care. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Sula Vineyards Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Contact Details: 
Investor Relations: 
investor.relations@sulawines.com 
Registered Address: 
901 Hubtown Solaris  
N.S. Phadke Marg, Andheri (E)  
Mumbai 400069, Maharashtra India 
CIN: L15549MH2003PLC139352 
 
