 
 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., Regd. Office: Plot No. 1367, Road No. 45, Jubilee Hills, Hyderabad-500033, Telangana, India  
Tel: +91-40-44333000       Fax: +91-40-23552358       Email: info@kellton.com       Website: www.kellton.com 
Kellton Tech Solutions Ltd., Plot No. 404-405, 6th Floor, iLABS Centre, Udyog Vihar, Phase III, Gurugram-122016, Haryana, India 
 Tel: +91-124-4698900        Fax: + 91-124-4698949         CIN: L72200TG1993PLC016819 
 
To 
 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street Fort, Mumbai-400001 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 519602
Scrip Code: KELLTONTEC
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
 
Subject: Transcript of Q2/FY 24 Earnings Call held on November 15, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2/FY 24 Earnings Call held on 
Wednesday, November 15, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
This is for your information and record 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Kellton Tech Solutions Limited 
 
 
 
Niranjan Chintam 
Director 
 
 
NIRANJAN 
REDDY CHINTAM
Digitally signed by NIRANJAN 
REDDY CHINTAM 
Date: 2023.11.21 15:52:50 
+05'30'

Kellton Tech Solution Ltd.
Q2 Earning Conference Call
15th November 2023
Moderator:
Good day, and welcome to Kellton Tech Solutions Limited's Q2 and
FY24 earnings conference call.
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this
conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0”
on your touch-tone phone. I would like to thank you all for
participating in the company's earnings call for the second quarter
of the financial year 2024.
Before we begin, I would like to mention a short cautionary
statement. Some of the statements made in today's con call may
be
forward-looking
in
nature,
and
such
forward-looking
statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could
cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such
statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions
made
from
the
information
currently
available
to
the
management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any
investment decisions. The purpose of today's earnings conference
call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's
fundamental business and the financial quarter under review.
Now I would like to introduce you to the management
participating with us in today's earnings call. We have with us Mr.
Niranjan Chintam, Chairman and Whole-time director, and Mr.
Karanjit Singh, Chief Executive Officer, India. I now hand the
conference
over
to
Mr.
Niranjan
Chintam,
Chairman and
Whole-time Director. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Niranjan Chintam:
Thank you, everyone, for joining the call. First, apologies for
having this call during the India and New Zealand semifinals. Now
let’s start with the financial numbers for the first six months of FY
2024. The total revenues that we have achieved in this period is
Rs. 490 crores, which is about a 10% year-on-year increase. The

EBITDA stands at about Rs. 54 crores, which is about 6.4%
year-on-year growth; it might be around 11% for the six months.
The net profit stands at Rs. 31.9 crores. The PAT margin is about
6.5%, and the EPS stood for this quarter at Rs 3.32, this is the
financial review for the first six months of the year.
The revenue during the second quarter (Q2) stands at Rs. 241
crores, a 5.8% year-on-year growth. The company has an EBITDA
of about Rs. 26.8 crores, about 3.1% growth year-on-year. The
EBITDA margin is around 11%. The net profit for this quarter
stands at Rs. 16.5 crores, a 7.1% QoQ growth. The PAT margin is
about 6.8%, and the EPS stood for this quarter at Rs 1.78
Now, we are coming to the operational highlights: I'll let Karanjit
explain in detail about it, but yes, we have won about 8 new
clients for this quarter. We have also notified the exchange about
the Karnataka state government HRMS contract, wherein we will
develop the second version or Version 2.0 for the Human
Resource Management System (HRMS). The development and
implementation of HRMS Version 2.0 is targeted for more than 6
lakh state government employees of Karnataka. It is a significant
win for us. Kellton has also achieved another milestone in the
form of the 2023 Economic Times Premier Tech Company brand
award. As part of our expansion strategy, we have now forayed
into the Singapore market. We are in the early stages of our
expansion in this market; however, our deep industry experience
and
aggressive investments have already started helping us
acquire new customers in the digital transformation space. With
that, Karanjit, can you please briefly talk about our recent wins?
Karanjit Singh:
Sure, thank you, and hello, everyone! So, as Niranjan said, we
have acquired eight clients this quarter, and these clients operate
across various industries, but all these projects involve significant
transformative digital efforts. Also, for the first time, we have
signed up two initiatives on the India Stack. The latest initiative on
the India Stack is about building on from Aadhaar and onward. We
will help with the supplier onboarding journey for one of these
initiatives and the whole QA automation.
Similarly, on the generative AI front, while there is a lot of hype
about generative AI, we can proudly state that we are actually
working on almost 8 to 10 real projects in this space. In one of
these projects, we are helping a startup build an SME platform;
the people there are clear about what they want and have a

robust strategy. Also, in this project, the AI part also comes where
the innovative technology will help take the SME and capture all
his knowledge and create a digital double so that their clients can
interact with the digit double, and they're always available under
the scale.
We have another client, and they are an extensive retail chain. It's
a company with multiple retail stores. And we are engaged with
them on the data side. Then, there is another company where we
are helping them with the SAP initiative on the enterprise side.
We are helping with SLO, which is essentially about large-scale
reconfiguration of the existing SAP implementations.
We have also signed up with a couple of other customers in the
US. There's one product company where we will do all the product
engineering. They were not happy with the present vendor. We're
almost the hot swap. With the release expectation within the end
of that month, we took over that. This is significant work, and we
took on that. We are now trying to put an order into that release
process. We did the first release and continue to work with them
on multiple initiatives. And there were a couple of other clients
we signed up in manufacturing. There is a large media house in
India. We have worked with Zee in the past. We signed up with
another media house to develop their content management
system. Which is, again, a very large project that we took on. So
yeah, these briefly should give you a sense of the kind of
engagements in terms of the transformative assets in the digital
space. Thank you. 
Moderator:
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer
session. The first question is from the line of Shahnawaz, who is
an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Shahnawaz:
Hi, Sir. Good evening.  First of all, the number what we saw in May
when there was like the different we are going to grow eventually
along with a good EBITDA but this quarter again was a very
unfortunate number. So I mean even revenue has dropped down
to 21 as well as the EBITDA is similar and if you look at the balance
sheet which has a lot of outstanding receivable is very high. So
what is EBITDA we are earning? Again, it is almost six months that
also almost 5 to 6% will go as an interest because of the high
receivable.  I mean hard issues like you have said Karnataka state,
you have won an order then can you define the value of the
order? What is the size of the order because if it is big so at least

the market should know what is the value of the order in how you
are doing business because I just want to see the comparison in AI
when we search there are two emails are there and they are able
to give 24-25% EBITDA. So I could not compare, but there is a tier
of course Saksoft is there that company has performed 4-5X and
because of that, if you look at the revenue and manpower side is
also less. But they are far better than even cash flow. In fact, they
are given dividends also. So what do you say and how do you see
the future, Sir, I mean always we talk and sometimes back you said
300 million we came to 200 million. By 2025, but I don't see even
by 2025. I’d appreciate it if you could answer these questions.
Management:
Thank you, and I appreciate you asking the questions. So let me
answer each one of them. Kindly correct me if I'm wrong on the
Karnataka government order side; it's about Rs. 45 crores, but
there is a lag between when we can raise an invoice because of
the milestone-based fault. So there's almost a 10-month lag
before the 1st invoice goes to the Karnataka government. So that's
the reason why some of the things that you're seeing right are not
a group unless we meet the milestone, we cannot accrue the
revenue into our books. That's the reason why some of this
revenue that you have probably seen there is a cost high income
now versus the revenue coming in a little bit later.
Also, you asked the question about revenue-wise: the revenue a
little bit lower than the last quarter. It's also due to deferred
orders. Some of the orders that we have won are deferred by a
quarter in most cases, and some of them are by two quarters. This
is just because of the headwind that the industry is facing in the
US and not a reflection of what we're doing. It is actually a
reflection of how all the other companies are facing; their budgets
also have been pushed back.
So we will be starting a lot of these contracts, starting probably
the first quarter of the calendar year 2024. So all these
deferments that are going on, we continue to hear, yes, we are the
finalists. We have won it. But the start date is getting pushed back,
sometimes by a few months, and sometimes by a few quarters.
That's the reason you see that difference.
To answer your question about the AI-based company, you're
comparing us with somebody else, though I am not sure which
company. I understand your question that our margins are lower
compared to others. It is because we are delivering on-site, many

of our projects, especially in the US and some in Europe. We're
delivering on-site whereas some of these companies are able to
deliver by bringing back the contracts to India and delivering from
India. We have been experimenting with some of them, we are
successful, some of them we are not as a customer insisting that
they need to see the faces, they need to sit there and do the
work. Because of that, our margins are lower. So it looks slightly
different. We have always started with that model where we have
many on-site personnel delivering projects in the country versus
offshoring into India. There is a significant difference between
them and us; I understand our model is different from others;
therefore, you see that margin difference.
Coming to the revenue numbers, you asked about this, we are
confident that we are going to achieve the 200 million target that
we have done right now. We are in this planning exercise for 2024
and 24 on a turning calendar that is where all of our people have
been traveling around and talking about the management, Srini is
on a plane as we speak. That's the reason why he couldn't get on
the call. But 2024 is looking much better. We're hoping that the
headwinds that they're facing are going to go away. There are
many projects in the pipeline that we have, and the pipeline looks
very solid, and 2024 will be much better than 2023. Again, I'm
talking about a calendar year at this point because we do calendar
year planning, whereas the recording comes to a financial year
deposit. That's the reason why you see the difference.
Shahnawaz:
Apologies for the interruption, but as I see it, we are doing a lot of
projects on-site, right? And I assume this trend will continue. So,
whether the pressure on margin will continue like this, or do you
have a mitigation plan, which is implemented, or 75% is done, and
you are planning because overall you see the bottom line and
even your cash flow is feeble? The operating cash is hardly 11
crores. I mean, we are such a big company. So, how do you see the
improvement in the EBITDA margin, as I have seen you also have
done some pledging process.

Management:
Our share price has more to do with the operating money we took
from the bank. It has nothing to do with our work. Personal needs
are more for the company. We are not Tata, Birlas. Hence the only
asset we have that is not pledged is the shares, and the banks
demand more and more, whenever we ask for a small amount of
money. And we have to price issue pleasure shares to get that
operating. Let's look at the Karnataka government project that we
talked to you about the first milestone that we can raise ten
months from now. Whereas every month, there is over one crore
of employee costs that we have to incur, in addition to other costs
like infrastructure costs, the office set-up, all that stuff, right?
We're talking just the employee costs here. So we are almost like
the time when we raise a bill we are about 15 crores into the
project. So, these kinds of projects require significant upfront
investments whereas the revenue comes later. So that's why you
see this kind of pressure on the cash rate improvements and all
that stuff. I hope I answered your question. 
Shahnawaz:
I got it, Sir. So I assume that for another ten months or so, the
pressure in the margin will be there or how you are seeing the
problem.
Management:
You're just looking at only one contract, right? However, we have
many contracts like that; let me give you an example.
Shahnawaz:
Overall, like with the discussion on where the market can get
some confidence to yes, Kellton is going to bring EBITDA on track. 
Management:
The exhibition is also happening. So when we have this large
milestone project, we would have these cash flow pressures that
we're facing as an economic cost today. That revenue cannot have
to extend the cost today. Yeah, that's where the challenge is
coming.
Shahnawaz:
How is the future, Sir? 
Management:
2024 is looking much better than the calendar year 2023.
Moderator:
The next question is from the line of Mohammad Afroz
Namakwala, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mohammad:
Sir, Happy Diwali to your team and everybody from my side! Sir, I
would like to know about two quarters previously that profit was a

bit low. So the reason was that we have done over costing and it
was said that in the next coming quarter, you will be looking at
this over costing effects in our balance and this P&L. So, would
you please clarify and put light so why this quarter our profit is
also flat? 
Management:
So first, you're referring to some of my comments. As I said, our
employee costs have increased, whereas our bill rates for our
clients have not increased that much. So the bill rate, the way it
happens at the time of renewal is when the one-year contracts
where the rates are locked in the cycle of the renewal cycle, every
customer has a
different renewal cycle. So we negotiate an
increase in the bill rate. Now, some of them have come in place,
some of them are going to come in. It's a process that goes on
over a period of the next year; it’s when the bill rates start going
up. Some of these rates are facing headwinds. And for the
companies, they are facing headwinds. And they are asking to
freeze it or say I reduce it too to some extent, some of the
customers, so we have a combination of those two. There's the
balance without over the period of the year. And at this point, I
don't have a date where I can say that everything has returned
back to normal. I don't have that date because it is a continuous
evolution process. And yes there are companies that are facing
headwinds in the Western world. So we are seeing that in the
factory when it comes to some of those raises that we're looking
at some of the bill rate apart from customer’s rights, new-age
customers and we're able to ask demand for the community.
We're getting some of these AI-related ones we discussed earlier.
Where you can build a significantly better margin than the old
technology-wise that we do provide services.  
Mohammad:
And there is one more question that I would like to ask you; it is
regarding our debts. I mean the data, the sales we do when we
have to collect our money back, our data days are around two
quarters, that is around 180 days, which is dragging our profit
because of the interest we are paying and our funds are stuck with
those data. Even though we have clients, big companies, how it
could be that we should get this money earlier or fast cycle
money. 

Management:
Okay, so let me answer that. We are a small company when it
comes to these companies like Adani. Unfortunately, because of
whatever happened, there was some pressure on them and that
pressure also got transferred to us. Now we are back to normal..
So, those are the things that we cannot negotiate with them, as
we’re a very small player in the industry. You either take it or lose
it to somebody else. I agree with you that what we used to get in
30 days has now increased to 45 to 60 days. So, yes, those delays
are there. However, we can not do much about it. It is because our
customers are facing cash flow issues, the pressure is coming on
to us and there is not much we can do about it. But overall our
long-term customers have been fantastic for us. It’s just that
things are not going great for them and we have to share the
burden.
Moderator:
We now have the next question from the line of Shahnawaz, an
individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Shahnawaz:
Sir, what is the backlog we have?
Management:
So, we have about eight months’ worth of backlog. So if you look
at the revenue, we have over two and a half quarters' worth of
revenue. But in some cases, right, some of the contracts are ready,
but today they have about eight months’ worth of backlog. 
Shahnawaz:
And is there any write-off in the outstanding?
Management:
So, there will be a very small write-off if you're going to do
anything. It's a very small write-off. It's probably, I would say, I'm
just making stuff up here. Probably less than 1% is what we write
off. I think last year was probably less than that, but this year
maybe 1%; It's just that's the nature of the business that your
insurer talked about earlier, that's the nature of the business. We
are at a milestone some of these payments get paid off in the next
month's cycle where we're going involved, then we get there. The
cycle of 30 to 60 days to 90 days, 7 cycles. So we end up getting
much almost like five to six months before we have realized the
cash.
Shahnawaz:
Thank you, Sir. But I hope our results increase. Thank you so much.
Moderator:
Thank you. The next question is from Rajesh Mundra, an
individual investor. Please go ahead. 

Rajesh Mundra:
Even after implementing One Kellton, why are we not seeing a
significant increase in our revenue in these six months? 
Management:
So you're asking why there is no significant increase in our
revenues post One Kellton initiative, correct? So, let me answer
this. I think we just finished it, like I said earlier, right, so we just
did the brand refresh recently. So there's a cost because of the
brand refresh as well; right now, our brand is looking a little bit
refreshed compared to what it was before. We did that experience
that was completed also. And we have made some very
high-profile hires, a couple of seniors in the last quarter. One of
the practice heads that was hired in the US, we recently hired a
North America salesperson here. So these costs are all coming into
play. We are increasing, I guess, probably the overhead at this
point with the anticipation of increased revenue in the calendar
year 2024. Hence, this is why these costs are loaded in structuring
revenue already. The force of the preference that we have hired at
house cost has already been recovered by the sales that he has
provided, so the contracts that we have won because of him. So
those are some of the things that I'm getting basic. So these are all
the stuff that is a process that is going on, it's not an upfront, we
won't get it. But over a period, in the next one year, you'll start
seeing. We started seeing margins as well as increased debts. 
Rajesh Mundra:
Sir, another question, how is the USA economy doing? Is it
recovering? It’s crucial for us as our revenue largely depends on
the USA market. 
Management:
Yes. So we have the customers. However, some customers are
deferring new starts by a quarter, some are deferring the new
starts by a few months, and some of them even by six months. If
we talk about inflation, it has slowed down to about 3.3% from
the predicted rate of 3.7%. So, yes, improvements are happening.
However, from a macroeconomic situation, the US economy is still
not out of the woods yet. We will see how this quarter is almost
from a cyclical point of view, our bill rates revenue numbers are
not that great for this quarter because of the holiday season;
Thanksgiving has already started. I mean, we're doing some
planning exercises around this part-time of the year. I'm listening
to videos for that. So we see that a slowdown has happened, the
slowdown is going to be affected till probably mid of January and
then when it's going to take off. So to answer your question, we
will not know till Q1 of current year 2024 is when we will know

how the economy is going to be. So we would get a better handle
on that. However, there is some slowdown, everybody is seeing it
and we are seeing it while we are still continuing to get new
customers, existing customers, there are some deployments and
some customers which we were given a verbal to execute a signed
order. They're taking some more time because of their budgetary
reasons they're waiting for next year's budget.
Moderator:
We have no further questions. I would now like to hand the
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over
to you, Sir. 
Management:
Thank you, everyone, for joining again! Hopefully, we did not miss
much of the cricket match. Looking forward to talking to you next
quarter. Until then, thank you, and good luck India!
Moderator:
On behalf of Kellton Tech Solutions Limited, that concludes this
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect
your lines. 
 
