Regd. Address 
: Marathon Futurex, Mafatlal Mills 
—— MARATHON 
Compound, N. M. Joshi Marg, Lower Parel (W), 
Mumbai - 400 013. 
Date: November 15, 2023 
To 
BSE Limited, 
NSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Listing Department, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BKC, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 503101 
NSE Code: MARATHON 
Sub: Transcript of Q2 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2 FY'24 
earnings conference 
call held on Thursday, November 
9, 2023. The Transcript 
is also 
available on the Company's website at https:/ /www.marathonnextgen.com/ 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Yours Truly, 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
Wes, 
K S Raghavan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A8269 
Encl: A/a 
MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LTD. 
T:022 6724 8484/88 
CIN: L65990MH1978PLC020080 
702, Marathon Max, Mulund-Goregaon Link Road, 
E 
: marathon@marathonrealty.com 
WEB: www.marathon.in 
Mulund (W).Mumbai 400080 
www.marathonnextgen.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited Q2 FY Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR SHAH – VICE CHAIRMAN, MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. KAIVALYA SHAH, PROJECT HEAD, NEO HOMES, 
MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. SAMYAG  SHAH, PROJECT HEAD, MARATHON 
FUTURE X & NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. S. RAMAMURTHY – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, MARATHON NEXTGEN 
REALTY LIMITED 
 
 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that the conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from E&Y. Thank you and over to you. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thanks Yashashree. Good morning to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining this 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Call for our Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. Please note that we have 
mailed out the press release and presentation to everyone and you can also see the results on our 
website as well as it has been uploaded on the stock exchanges. In case you have not received 
the same, you can write to us and we will be happy to send it over to you.  
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer our questions we have with us the 
management of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited represented by Mr. Chetan Shah – Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Mayur Shah – Vice Chairman, Mr. Kaivalya Shah, Project Head, 
Neo Homes, Mr. Samyag M. Shah, Project Head, Marathon Future X and Nextgen and Mr. S. 
Ramamurthy, Chief Financial Officer and Whole Time Director. We'll be starting the call with 
a brief overview of the quarter gone past, which will then be followed by Q&A session. 
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Chetan Shah. Over to you, sir. 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you, Binay. I'm Chetan Shah, Chairman and Managing Director, Marathon Nextgen 
Realty Limited. With me is present Mayur Shah, Vice Chairman and Samyag Shah and Kaivalya 
Shah both project heads. Four people are present here.  
Friends, we are delighted to post yet another quarter of strong performance on the back of robust 
and resilient demand environment. This consolidation along with the reduction in inventory 
levels has created an optimistic landscape for us and the entire industry. The strong demand for 
our projects and our ability to efficiently execute our development plans have been key drivers 
of our success.  
Our strong performance during the first half of the fiscal year has boosted our confidence and 
we are steadfast in our belief that we will continue to set new milestones moving forward. This 
positive outlook for the future is further supported by our healthy launch pipeline and our access 
to vast land parcels across the MMR region, which are primed to develop.  

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
We look forward to the future with great optimism and anticipate reaching new heights as we 
continue to shape the real estate landscape in Mumbai. We've already shared quarterly highlights 
also. I'll just briefly mention the half yearly highlight. Operational highlights for H1 FY24: Area 
sold stood at 2,62,900; booking values stood at 384 crores, collections stood at 301 crores, 
average realizations stood at 18,580 per square feet for commercial and 12,666 per square feet 
for residential. 
Consolidated financial performance for the Half Year FY24: Net revenues stood at 339 crores 
compared to 268 crores in H1 FY23. EBITDA stood at 146 crores as compared to 99 crores in 
H1 FY23. Profit before tax stood at 80 crores as compared to 30 crores in previous half year. 
Profit after tax stood at 78 crores compared to 27 crores in H1 FY23. Net debt stood at 851 
crores as on 30th September 23.  
On the cash flow front, as on 30th September 23, balance collection from sold units completed 
and ongoing in all launch projects stood at 642 crores. Total pending estimated project cost to 
be incurred stands at 858 crores and total estimated revenue from unsold inventory is at 1,727 
crores. Friends, I wish to convey Happy Diwali to all of you and wish a very prosperous New 
Year ahead. And now I open the floor for question answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Shreegopal Agarwal from Aagman Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
Just two, three questions from my side, wanted to know the kind of sales momentum that you 
are witnessing in your project of Monte South, Marathon Future X and Nextgen Millennium? 
Mayur Shah: 
Monte South I would like to say first is that it is going very well because what has happened is 
like Tower A is already topped out up to 64 level and we have already given part occupancy up 
to 51st floor that is the reason like we have almost near ready, very good inventory coming out 
in Tower A and that is the reason we are seeing a great velocity in ready to move in.  
Secondly, Tower 2 is also at 38th floor now and there also we are seeing good movement on 
sales. Similarly, we have been looking at the progress of Tower A and Tower B in sales. We 
have already done the construction foundation of Tower C and Tower C segment is again 15% 
to 20% lower than the ticket size of Tower A. So, they are not competing with each other.  
So, Tower A is a highest-level segment and then 10% to 12% down is Tower B and Tower C is 
further 10% down. So, we have a mixed inventory from 2.75 crores to 7 crores type of flats 
available and we are seeing a very good velocity in this type of segment. On average, we are 
selling around 15 to 18 units per month in such a high value ticket size. This is a very good 
velocity in Monte South. 
Similarly, on Millennium we have also reached our 20th floor near OC out of the 30 floor 
building and there also we have been selling very well because the commercial buildings are 
sold very well after the OC is received. At Future X we have already topped out up to 38 floors 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
and we are seeing a very good traction. The commercial office market has opened up like 
anything because in Mumbai almost 100% of the employees have come back to the office unlike 
other cities of the world and we are seeing like absolutely normal environment in the occupancy 
and that is the reason. 
And what has happened is also that there is an increase in the size per employee from 65 to 80. 
Thus, there is a larger space requirement for office work. So, overall, all these three projects 
sales have really picked up very well. 
Samyag Shah: 
Briefly, I just want to add one more point for FutureX. You may be aware that there was a Lower 
Parel bridge in that locality which was closed down for many years and as of last quarter that 
bridge has finally been opened and that's a huge infrastructural sort of benefit that the project 
has received.  
In fact in terms of leasing and sale we've seen a good uptake and we are able to gradually take a 
maybe higher rate also. So, that's one big positive that we have received recently for that specific 
project. 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
And sir what is the minimum IRR that we look at before taking up any new project? 
Management: 
IRR depends on many factors. So, what we actually target is a profit after tax of 15% on a project 
level. Now, if the investment is lower, this can translate into an IRR which is much higher. As 
you can see in our EBITDA numbers, the EBITDA has been between 30% and 40%; some of 
the projects it has gone down to 25%. So, IRR are variable, there is no fixed IRR targeting. What 
we are doing is the project level targeting. 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
And sir it would be great if you can throw some light on your upcoming projects in detail? 
Management: 
So, in the presentation we have a slide. So, in the upcoming project in the next few years we'll 
be coming up with Bhandup mainly Monte South and Nexzone some area mainly in the next 
one year we are targeting around in Monte South 3,00,000 square feet is what we're targeting. 
In Bhandup, we're targeting around 1,80,000 and in Nexzone we're targeting around 2 lakhs to 
3 lakhs square feet in the coming year.  
Management: 
Our Slide 17 in the presentation shows the upcoming project - majorly the top five contributing 
projects totaling to about 31.5 lakh square feet of saleable area and estimated sale value at 4,660 
crores. 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
And the last thing sir the recent BMC order on pollution, do you think that this will any way 
impact on the company as such or this will impact the constructional field or spend something? 
Management: 
Well, temporarily they have given us a certain requirement that the periphery wall should be 20 
feet or 25 feet with the cladding so that the dust particles don’t escape the construction site. Then 
there is a requirement of water sprinkling on the dust that is thrown up particularly from RMC 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
plants and other things. So, these are something which is doable. They will add to a marginal 
increase in the cost, but there is no great issue here.  
The major thing comes when you want to transport the debris outside so that needs to be now 
planned very well and the transportation contractors have now work with some sort of coverage 
on the debris or trucks and water sprinkling before entering after entering and all that. So, this 
will work out. These are not major hindrance at all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ajit Mishra, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Ajit Mishra: 
So I have two questions. So, revenue during the quarter fell sharply to 129 crores, also the 
collection fell quarter-on-quarter. So, can you please help us understand the technicality behind 
it?  
Management: 
Well, like Mayur mentioned in the answer to the previous question the sales velocity has been 
good. So, that adds to new bookings and ultimately over the next few quarters it reflects in the 
cash flow that is collection, the progress of the work actually gets reflected in the revenue. So, 
as and when we are following percentage completion method so as and when we complete 
additional percentage, we recognize the revenue of the sold units in that percentage.  
So. these are ongoing numbers and as you see the growth has been very good. So, the growth in 
terms of execution is high and that is reflected in the revenue, growth in terms of booking is high 
that reflects in the pre-sales number and growth momentum is maintained because the cash flow 
that its collections are high.  
So, on all front we have been doing very good and most of our projects are also financially closed 
projects in the sense that even if there was booking, that gets slowed down. There would be a 
bank finance available to complete the construction. So, the pace of construction is not directly 
dependent on the booking. However, we have not had to borrow more, and we have been able 
to sustain from the collection that we collect from our customers.  
Management: 
Quickly, I just wanted to add one more thing real estate due to its nature of business ideally 
should not be seen quarter-on-quarter while I think we have done much better than the last Q2, 
there will be one or two quarters where things may not align because sometimes these deals are 
long gestation timelines and things like that, but overall on an annual basis, I think we should 
more than or if not cover up and do much better than last year. 
Ajit Mishra: 
Sir, also if you can talk a bit about any price increase that you have taken in any of your projects 
in this quarter and your growth plans over the next three to five years down the line? 
Management: 
Yes, that that gets reflected. We share a few numbers. One is the average residential sales values 
and another is average commercial sale value. So, that is reflective of consistently higher number 
and in the last quarter if you see the commercial values average commercial rate has moved from 
18,400. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Management: 
So actually in our residential and commercial the prices are going up, but if you look at our 
average rate commercial you might see some dip because in this quarter we saw a lot of sales 
from our project Marathon Millennium, which is in Mulund. So, the price in Mulund is slightly 
lower than Lower Parel.  
In residential also it all depends on the project that we sell. For instance, if you sell at Bhandup 
you'll see slightly price increase and if you look at the Panvel, you'll see a slight average price 
slight decrease.  
Now talking about per project, every project on its own prices have increased at least to 5% to 
7% over the last one year itself. So, that's the kind of price increase that we're seeing per project.  
Management: 
The price increase also depends on the percentage completed if it is nearing occupation 
certificate, the price increase is the highest, and if it is nearing foundation the price increases are 
lower, but overall, there is an uptick between 5% and 10%.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Monica Arora from Share Giant. Please go 
ahead. 
Monica Arora: 
I have two, three questions, so can you please provide an update related to the acquisition of 14 
acres of land in Bhandup and have we planned anything in terms of launching something on that 
in the near future?  
My second question would be if you can provide details on the redevelopment projects, which 
are in pipeline for the company.  
We have a decent land bank with us. So, the pipeline what you are holding and from launching 
more projects, can we double and maybe treble sales and increase momentum, what all is there 
in that front.  
And my last question would be how many square feet overall, you are planning to launch in this 
year like another half remaining of this year and FY25? 
Management: 
As for the 14-acre acquisition, I'll ask Kaivalya to speak on it. We have already launched on 
project there and rehab buildings are getting constructed.  
Kaivalya Shah: 
Monica, the 14-acre project as we speak this quarter will be coming into the listed entity and 
you'll be seeing numbers next quarter. That being said, it is a slum rehabilitation project of the 
14 acres acre, 1 acre is what we cleaned up and build the slum building and we have actually 
brought the slum back into the new building, the new SRA building that we've constructed, and 
for the sale building we have the ground vacant as we speak, and excavation work is going on. 
As for the sales, sales are looking really good in this area. Typically, the ticket size is from 40 
lakh to 60 lakh and in this range we're seeing a good sales again the sales numbers you will see 
in the in the next quarter or whenever the revenue recognition happens.  

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
So, that's 14 acres and this is 1 acre of the 14 acres, but we intend to launch year-on-year at least 
1 acre year-on-year project. So, that way you can kind of understand how soon we'll be wrapping 
up the project and that's how you can calculate your cash flow as well. 
Management: 
And second thing was regarding redevelopment. We are still looking at projects, there is no 
redevelopment project that we have actually took on hand. It will take at least another two 
quarters before any news can be out on redevelopment.  
As far as the pipeline of projects we have that upcoming project Slide number 17 in our 
presentation which is immediate upcoming projects and we have also shared a slide where the 
group land bank is available for future exploitation.  
So, if you want to have a look at that immediate upcoming projects, slide 17 tells you that there 
is a 31.5 lakh square feet of launch saleable area available, and this will be most likely be 
launching in 12 to 36 months and further 36 to 48 months for completion at the estimated value 
of this pipeline itself is 4,660 crores.  
On top of that, this Bhandup plant will keep on coming and Mayur will share some more 
highlight on this. 
Mayur Shah: 
Your last question that in 2024, what is your approximate plan of launching, approximately total 
9 lakh square feet across Monte South Neo Park and Next zone 4 lakh square feet. So, 
approximately around 1,200 crores of out of these 4,600 crores is we are looking at launching in 
2024. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Sukhin Naphade an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sukhin Naphade: 
So, when do you plan to launch the Phase-3 of Monte South as well as the Phase-3 of Nexzone 
and Neo Park. Also, what are the other projects in the pipeline which you plan to launch in the 
future?  
Management: 
Phase-3 consists of Tower 4 and commercial which is yet away because right now we have just 
launched Tower 3 at foundation stage. So, that will be another 1.5 years to 2 years away. As for 
other launches Mayur just shared in an answer to the last question, and he'll repeat that. 
Mayur Shah: 
So, in 2024 we intend to launch additional area of Monte South 3,00,000 square feet, Neo Park 
Phase-3, we plan to launch 1,80,000, Neo Park see we would like to launch around 60,000 and 
Nexzone Phase-3 around 4,00,000 square feet altogether close to million square feet in 2024 
amounting to 1,200 crores value.  
Sukhin Naphade: 
So, the second question is what is the approximate value of the unsold ready to move in inventory 
of your residential and commercial projects?  

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Management: 
Yes. If you see the slide in our presentation, we have shared all those numbers. So, as of Q2 
FY24 Monte South has around 47,000 square feet that's amounting to around 100 crores. 
Nexzone has around 61,000 square feet that's amounting to 38 crores and some area of FutureX 
is unsold.  
So, that's the unsold area in residential and commercial. This is FutureX mainly we received OC 
I think last quarter and hence you might see slightly larger numbers in commercial which are 
OC, but unsold and also when you look at commercial typically they're sold after OC fair chunk. 
Management: 
Just to add FutureX, I think close to 1.6 lakh sq.ft. is the current unsold and ready. However, as 
we speak considering some of the leases that we've already done in Q3, so that may not reflect 
in Q2 close to 55,000 odd square feet is leased. So, roughly a third of what is unsold in FutureX 
is actually leased which we have an opportunity to do as a pre-lease sales and the balance is very 
useful. 
Management: 
So, just that clarification that all unsold inventory is not necessarily something that is available 
for sale because we have already leased one-third of that till end of previous quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Kavita Gupta an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Kavita Gupta: 
You have said that you are expecting around 5% to 7% price hike in the existing ongoing project. 
I just wanted to have a little longer view or medium view in this. So, what do you think about 
over next three years the price hike look like maybe for you and also for the industries if you 
can give an overview? 
Mayur Shah: 
Kavita, what Kaivalya has said already is that 5% to 7% on an average we have already realized 
increase in the prices in the last one year. The momentum across the inventory is we are seeing 
very good whether it is a Neo Homes which are close to 60,00,000 or affordable housing of 80 
lakh to 1 crores and we are also seeing similar quicker movement of sales in the range of 2.5 to 
7 crores inventory.  
Typically what you see the good quality branded projects are rare to find in Mumbai and that is 
also giving premium to brand who have delivered a good project with the quality construction 
and we are seeing that if there is a good project, we can see another 7% to 10% increase in the 
prices are quite likely to achievable in next three years. 
Management: 
As a policy, we are not holding the inventory to increase the prices. So, we would sell at whatever 
best rate that we can get and even though we have seen 5% to 7% uptake because we are in the 
making of constructing of the premises and if we sell faster, we will launch another project faster. 
So, that would be philosophy at the base of sale price. So, it's not just the higher profit margin 
that we would be looking at, but higher volumes we would be looking. 
Kavita Gupta: 
So, just one last question on your debt, there is some marginal increase during the quarter, but 
going forward, how you see the debt repayment program or debt repayment structure should be 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
and where do you see in probably 2 years the debt should be or you believe that because the 
volumes are also increasing like you said debt would kind of remain at the same level? 
Management: 
That’s how the policy has been because the cost of debt is much lower than the profits that we 
are generating. So, in that sense, leveraging is helping us. However, after seeing the pandemic 
situation where the debt was the one that was impacting badly on everybody’s balance sheet, we 
try to keep it under control by keeping a 1.0 debt-to-equity ratio around 1.0 as our target.  
Now this gets reduced from two perspective. One debt actually reduces another is equity actually 
increasing because it's the ratio and as you have seen, the equity has been increasing at least at 
the rate of 20 crores, 25 crores per quarter and the debt also gets reduced. Over the next two 
years the debt is likely to reduce.  
However, we have already shared earlier that ideally, we would like to keep the debt equity not 
below 0.6. So, 0.5 is actually a good ratio and between 0.5 and 1 is what is manageable ratio. If 
you see our debt service coverage ratio that has gone to 2.2 this quarter, which very clearly says 
that we are able to not only pay the interest, but also the upcoming repayment schedule of next 
12 months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Girish Gulati from Quality Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Girish Gulati: 
So, Chetan sir you are a Structural engineer and Mayur sir is a Civil engineer and henceforth I 
presume that all the cash flows and the balance sheet would be ready in your mind for the next 
5 years the kind of work which you are doing and would also acknowledge the kind of 
remarkable corporate governance which we have been showing over the last few quarters, 
probably four quarters now and along with the performance of course.  
And the entire management team coming up on the call and showing a lot of enthusiasm over 
the call, which shows their commitment, dedication not only towards the work, but towards the 
shareholder as well and showing that yes, shareholders, community, minority community is also 
important for us.  
Sir, I mean, doing something big I always think is a spiritual job. So, I would certainly pray that 
all the divine forces are aligned with you for this wonderful endeavor which you are into and 
wishing the entire team and near and dear ones as well a very, very Happy Diwali. That's it from 
my side, no questions, but thank you sir. Thank you so much for everything. 
Management: 
Thank you Girish. Thank you so much. Your input is always welcome and we appreciate your 
comments and like you said we have one more engineer also joining us and the next generation 
all three are also well educated, US educated and they are put in their systems and processes to 
help carry Marathon name forward. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Doctor Amit Vora from the 
Homeopathic Clinic. Please go ahead. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Amit Vora: 
Now my question, sir, does realizations have come down from last quarter 22,500 around to 
18,500 in this half year for commercial and the residential it has come down from 16,500 odd 
figures to 12,500. 16,500 for quarterly Q1 and for half year it has come down to 12,500. So, any 
reason why do you see this realization coming down?  
Management: 
Any other question. 
Amit Vora: 
This is my first question and the second question is I wanted to know the land bank of Bhandup 
you presented that about 2,250 crores.  
Management: 
So, the first thing is that you have to understand that this realization per square feet that we are 
sharing is an average realization of commercial. Now that average consists of majorly in 
commercial two-part one is Mulund, another is Lower Parel. The Lower Parel prices have also 
increased and the Mulund prices have also increased, but the component of Mulund in the total 
collection during the quarter sometimes goes up.  
So, the average can come down. However, the commercial prices have formed up like we said 
in the previous answer to the question that commercial prices have also formed up the residential 
prices have also formed up between 5% to 10%. If you want, we can give that breakup of 
commercial.  
Management: 
So, again to answer that in last Q1 we sold around 5,600 square feet of Millennium and 25,000 
square feet of FutureX. However, in Q2 we sold 38,000 square feet of Millennium and 17,000 
square feet of FutureX. So, if you look at the share of Millennium, Millennium has fairly 
increased and the approximate price of Millennium is around 12,000 to 13,000. Hence, the 
average rate of commercial dropped dramatically because of Mulund sales, but overall each and 
every project itself is saying a price rise.  
Amit Vora: 
Similarly for residential also? 
Management: 
We have a Panvel component, Panvel residential Nexzone contributing in a higher ratio as 
compared to the previous quarter. So, that is why the sale realization average rate drops. 
Answering your second question, Bhandup land is all within one kilometer of LBS Marg. It is 
on the West of LBS Marg that is between LBS Marg and the mountain on the West side. So, 
there is about 2.5 kilometer strip of land where this projects are located. 
Amit Vora: 
Is that close to Asian Paints? 
Management: 
Close meaning within 2 kilometers of that yes Asian Paints. 
Management: 
The area is also called Gadhav Naka that's where this whole 14 acre land parcel is. 
Amit Vora: 
The new 2,250 projects? 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Management: 
All these projects are within 2 kilometers of each other, so they are in proximity of Asian Paints 
or other industrial units that you see on the LBS Marg. 
Management: 
So, if you Google map Shivaji to allow it's like one minute walking from there.  
Management: 
I actually stay somewhere close by only that's why I have the idea of this area. 
Management: 
Close by Gadhav Naka where the project is.  
Amit Vora: 
In fact, I am also a resident of Marathon Building only. 
Management: 
Very nice. I am glad. 
Amit Vora: 
You say it is close by the Gadgav Naka area, the new project. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Amit Vora: 
One good thing about the realization I hope this quarter the realization hasn’t come down for 
individual projects. As you said the project wise the sales have changed? 
Management: 
Yes, you are right. The proportionate area of a lower value may have increased, but overall sales 
realization has increased, all the other financial numbers are on uptake.  
Amit Vora: 
And last question so this joint development model, are you looking only with Marathon Realty 
only or you are open to other builders or other parties also since we have a single land bank? 
Management: 
We are open to that. We have not closed, but currently most of the projects are in this format, 
but we are open to looking at projects with other land bank owners also.  
Amit Vora: 
And any redevelopment projects around Worli or something which works means you are 
planning something like that? 
Management: 
Yes, we have been looking, but the announcement maybe two quarters away because this due 
diligence and other things take very long time and currently, we are still scouting for the right 
project. We are definitely looking at Worli, Walkeshwar, Pedder Road that kind of a 
redevelopment area and there have been 4 proposals 5 proposals already on the drawing board 
for which we are discussing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you very much for participating in this conference call. We are happy to note the value 
input that you have given. Some of the questions that you have asked also tells us how investors 
look at the company and that puts us on the toes that we should also be working towards 
improving some of the other numbers.  

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
We are very happy that the growth of the company has been beyond what we had already 
envisaged and all the investors who have participated with the company have also put in their 
valuable investment with us and together we can grow Happy Diwali and a prosperous New 
Year to you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
