Ref: ASCL/SEC/2023-24/46 
October 30, 2023 
1. ·To, 
The General Manager 
2. To, 
The General Manager (Listing) 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSELimited 
National Stock Exchange oflndia Ltd 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P. J. Tower 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Plot No. Cf 1, G Block 
Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 532853 
NSE Trading Symbol: ASAHISONG 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF CONFERENCE CALL HELD ON OCTOBER 27, 2023 WITH 
INVESTORS AND ANALYST ON· THE FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE OF 
Q2FY24 
REF: REGULATION 30 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE 
REQUIREMENTS) REGULATIONS, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and • Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of 
Conference Call held on Friday, October 27, 2023 at 11 :00 a.m. (1ST) with investors 
and analyst on the financial performance of Q2FY24. 
The said transcript will also be made available at the website of the Company at 
www.asahisongwon.com. 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
._.......,_,,WVNDfDI~ 
SAJ I VARGHESE F?.:::"1?:::=...-=:. 
----- IIGllflSfUl:Dl~ .... lodld 
JOSEPH 
..... 
... ...... -
~ 
... 
, ... ,1:D:, 1-+CIISW 
SAJIJOSEPH 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Asahi Songwon Colors Ltd. 
CIN: L24222GJ1990PLC014789 
Regd. Office: "Asahi House", 20, n mes Corporate Park, Thaltej - Shilaj Road, 
Thaltej, Ahmedabad - 380 059, Gujarat, India. 
Tele : 91-79 6832 5000 •Fax : 91-79 6832 5099 • Web Site: www.asahisongwon.com ~~ 
ISO14001:2015 
OMS 004 
Rogislorod 
A MEMBER 
IMS.OE/JAS..C0061/G4Ql 
OF IAF KLA 

“Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
 
Q2 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 27, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. GOKUL JAYKRISHNA –
 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER –
 
ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED 
MR. SAJI JOSEPH –
 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE 
OFFICER –ASAHI SONGWON COLORS LIMITED
MR. MITESH PATEL –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –ASAHI SONGWON 
COLORS LIMITED
MR. ARJUN G.
 
JAYKRISHNA –
 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR –ASAHI 
SONGWON COLORS LIMITED
~ 
Asah1Songwon 
~ 
til 
EY 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
Asahi Songwon Colors Ltd.
 
Q2FY24 Conference Call
 
27th
 
Oct 2023
    
 
Moderator:
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Conference Call 
for Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
 
September 2023 result discussion. 
  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes 
should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal and 
operator by pressing “*”, then “0”
 
on your touch tone phone. Please note that 
the conference is being recorded. 
  
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra.
 
Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
  
Abhishek Mehra:
  
Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining this Q2 FY24 earnings Conference 
Call of Asahi Songwon
 
Colors limited. 
  
The results and investor updates have been emailed to you and are also available 
on the stock exchanges in case anyone does not have a copy of the same
 
please 
do write to us and we'll be happy to send it
 
over to you.
  
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your questions, we 
have with us today Mr. Gokul M.  Jaykrishna, Joint Managing Director and CEO, 
Mr. Arjun Jaykrishna Executive Director, Mr. Mitesh Patel, Executive Director and 
Mr. Saji V Joseph, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
  
We'll be starting the call with a brief overview of the business and the financial 
performance in Q2FY24, which will be followed by the Q&A session. 
  
I'd like to remind you all that everything set in this call reflecting any outlook for 
the future, which can be construed as a forward-looking statement must be 
viewed in conjunction with the uncertainty and the risks that the company faces. 
These uncertainties and risks are included, but not limited to what we've 
mentioned in our annual report, which you'll find on our company's website. 
  
With that said, I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Gokul. Over to you, Sir. 
  
Mr. Gokul:
 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and it's a pleasure to welcome you to our 
industry call this morning our performance for the quarter was consistent with 
our prior guidelines of achieving break even at that
 
level. 
  
In this quarter, we have been able to do that despite
 
very challenging market 
conditions and very tepid demand. So in the last investor call when we had had 
a very poor performance earlier, we had envisaged that the markets will 
improve. This has not happened. The demands we made very sluggish even now, 
particularly in Europe though we have seen pickup in US, which is very promising 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
and India remains very strong eminent. So our concentration in business in India 
also has been consistently going up. 
  
However, despite this market conditions we are happy that our team has been 
able to improve operating performance and due to that what we had earlier, 
very negative performance, we have broken even at the PAT level as we had 
envisaged and guided earlier. I will take you through some of the highlights that 
have happened in the last few months. One, we have been able to successfully 
sell the silica land at a price of Rs. 48 crores and this has resulted in a net profit 
of about Rs. 24 crores. 
  
This transaction was completed extremely smoothly and the proceeds have all 
been received the tax on the transaction also paid and everything is completed. 
This
 
has resulted in improved debt position of the company where we had last 
con call guided that our peak debt would probably be coming to about Rs. 225 
crores at peak level sometime in 2020. 
  
For now, we have revised that guidance to a peak debt level of Rs. 170 crores, so 
this is much improved from the earlier guidance that we have given. This is based 
on two things. One, the sale of land which has brought in free cash as the land 
was not going to be utilized after our move to buy the pharma business. And put 
up a new Greenfield project of pharma, etc. So this went on very smoothly. 
  
The second reason for improved guidance on the overall long term total debt 
would be our improved cash flow. So all three verticals are showing improved 
cash flows despite not being very profitable. And so that is one of the highlights. 
The second one, this is a major one just on Dusshera
 
24th of October, we have 
commissioned and broken ground on our Greenfield project of Atlas Life 
Sciences in CHATRAL. 
  
So the intermediate section of Atlas in CHATRAL is now operational from 24th of 
October this year. This puts us in a much better position for the next six months 
at our at last order site as well because we hope to be completely self-reliant
 
in 
two of our main raw materials N1 and N2 from the month of January itself or 
January of 24. 
  
The third fact that I wanted to just bring to your highlight and then Arjun our ED 
w ill in detail and give his views on it, but our ATC team at the haze has done 
extremely well and despite very challenging
 
demand scenario and no 
improvement in the market, we have EBITDA of broken even at ATC. Finally, as 
we had foreseen, except the fact that we had not forcing the demand to be this 
week. 
  
So we are happy that despite the poor demand, we've been able to have EBITDA 
of breakeven
 
coming up and we look forward to one improving in the next 
quarter or definitely in the last quarter of the financial year and then that will 
have us very well placed going forward. 
  
The final thing on a consolidated basis where we had a PBT of -7.7 and a half 
crores, we are nearly breaking even on PBT basis on a consult basis. So this is 
reassuring in the current circumstances when markets are very challenging. And 
gives us a lot of hope that with the efforts that our team has put in to reduce 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
cost and improve overall performance. We should be able to take advantage of 
the markets when they revive and get back to normal profitability level. 
  
With that, I would like to hand it over to Arjun to give his views on the recent 
performance. 
  
Arjun:
 
Thank you so much. So good morning everyone. I'll run you through a quick 
summary of the performance and update you on the recent performance for the 
ATC part of it
 
and briefly touch upon the API segment as well. 
 
So we continue to witness improvements in AZO business as has been 
mentioned by our CEO right now in the last quarter, we operated at around 40 
to 45% capacity utilization. Despite the challenging market and challenging 
market conditions for AZO pigments, in general, our performance in this 
segment is showing progressive improvement. 
  
So this quarter, we successfully were able to launch a few new products in the 
Red pigment
 
range as well.
 
And these continuous products traditions have 
played a pivotal role in scaling up as a business, despite the poor market 
conditions. On the yellow side, our capital expenditure for expanding our 
capacity in the yellow pigments remains on schedule and we anticipate that we 
will have it completed by Q1 FY25. 
  
As the market conditions improve, whenever that may be, we are confident that 
our AZO business will reflect the positive returns on our investment. And while 
we achieved break even at the EBITDA level for the AZO business this quarter, 
our subsequent goal is to reach breakeven
 
at the PAT level in the forthcoming 
quarters, so it is a challenging time to continue and improve on the performance. 
  
However, the team is working really hard and we are exploring several new 
opportunities in terms of launching new products as well as trying to expand our 
customer segment. So that we are well positioned to grow even in these bad 
conditions and be ready and well positioned when the time comes for us with 
the market picking up. 
  
Turning now to our API segment, I am extremely delighted to announce the 
commencement of our commercial production at our intermediate plant this 
week. This move will significantly assist us in sourcing to two of our crucial raw 
materials, which
 
are essential for the API’s
 
produced. We
 
project the ramp up of 
this intermediate facility by the end of Q3 FY24, which will in turn enhance our 
margins in the API business. The remainder of our CapEx is progressing as 
planned and is set for completion this quarter.
   
On a consolidated note, it is evident that our business is nearing the culmination 
of its current CapEx cycle each of our business segments is steadily advancing 
past their challenging
 
phases. And while a surge in demand might still be a few 
quarters away, we remain steadfast in our belief of achieving a sequential 
improvement in our financial performance. And we hope that we are able to use 
the momentum of the last month in both are as well as API businesses to 
motivate the team to keep working harder and keep this performance and the 
slow but steady growth on going despite very challenging conditions and hope 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
to give a good performance in the coming quarters as well. Here you may open 
the floor for questions now. 
  
Moderator:
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities
Please go ahead. 
  
Aditya Khetan:
 
So my first question is you've mentioned in your opening remarks that demand 
continues to remain
 
weak. So for the current month, are you witnessing any sort 
of improvement and if we say that demand is built, so if we can highlight how 
much is the inventory in the pipeline and how much more months of inventory 
these stocking we can more see so demand could
 
remain weak and how is the 
situation
 
in the international markets in US and Europe and by when we can see 
improvement if
 
and all if we hope to see that?
   
Management:
 
So to answer your question, the demand still continues to be very typically to be 
very honest I don't see an
 
immediate demand revival this month or next month. 
For sure, it may be January, February, and March
 
at the earliest. 
  
That we would see a demand revival. In my view, the latest could be by April, 
May. That is the kind of time horizon in my view that
 
we will see in terms of 
demand revival, so at least quarter and probably maximum two quarters before 
demand revives. So now we
 
do not wait for demand. We have to work in this 
environment. And I've already addressed the entire team and we are prepared 
to improve our performance given the same weak demand environment. This 
can be achieved by two ways one is increasing the basket of products, which we 
are successfully doing, as Arjun mentioned in his con
 
call at API at the behest 
plant, we will do the same with the Atlas plant with the staff of the CHATRAL 
facility as well. 
  
And we have also so that is brought by increased number of products and the 
range of products is one way to mitigate weak demand scenario and the 2nd
 
is 
by increasing the breadth and the number of your custom base so we are 
approaching new customers and we are doing this successfully in two ways. 
  
In ATC, of course we are new and we are approaching a lot of new customers, 
gaining new customers with the old view business. We have gained some 
customer base in India as well. So the business in India which where the demand 
is good. We have strengthened and are improving as a percentage. It's already 
now 40%-45% of our overall business, which it used to be A10. 
  
So these are the two strategies we apply to so that we are not reliant on just 
demand revival we should be prepared for demand
 
revival in a way where we 
are reduced and improve our cost efficiencies. So whenever the demand revival 
comes, we find ourselves in terms of cost and very efficient, better than we were 
before. 
  
And two with a broader
 
range of products and increased range of customers that 
would probably put us in the best position to take advantage of the demand 
whenever it comes. This is what we can
 
control and impact ourselves the 
demand itself. We have no control over. So we do not want to worry much about 
the demand. 
 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
 
We don't care if it doesn't come for the next three months, we will still continue 
to improve our Q
 
on
 
Q performance. 
  
Aditya Khetan:
 
OK, Sir, is there any situation of an excess inventory still into the pipeline?
 
And
 
so that is also like. 
  
Management:
 
Good question. Sorry I didn't ask for that earlier, so this problem is now already 
sorted out. We had a huge problem of in inventory
 
overhang for which we 
suffered losses over the last six to nine months. As you all know, that is why that 
was one of the key factors why our performance was negative at a pack level, 
and even slightly negative at a better level. These days are over. 
  
So I will take you through all the three verticals. So I answer your question very 
directly. So in the blue business, our inventories today extended 600 tons where 
it's so that 1400 tons in November of 22. We were at 1400 to 1500 tons. Today 
we are at 550 to 600 tons and this is the minimum inventory we like to have 
which is we make about production of about 1200 to 1300 tonnes of blue. So 
holding a 500
 
to 600 tons, 10 to 15 days. Inventory is the bare minimum we need 
to do for our customers also the inventory
 
that we now hold is not high cost 
inventory because the prices and the markets have bottomed down. And we are 
not seeing in the last 2-3 months any deterioration in the markets. 
  
While there is no demand available, there is no deterioration and inventory is 
completely over. So now there is no inventory sitting on our books where it will 
result in locals as it did for six months with Atlas at Odor. Our inventory levels 
are at absolutely close to 0 on the finished good side, we have no inventory, and 
not
 
even a reach inventory and we are booked at last order in the pre gathering 
business for the next 40-50
 
days. 
  
This is the first time in the last 12 months that we are sold out for a month and 
1/2 or two earlier we were fighting to sell materials because the markets. 
  
Moderator:
 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg
 
from Counter Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
  
Keshav:
 
I'm trying to understand that on a stand-alone
 
basis, we did a peak quarterly 
revenue of around Rs. 120 crore in June22 to
 
which has now reduced to
 
Rs. 58 
crore. So basically it is just half. So if you could just give us some idea that how 
much was the volume, the growth and how much was the realization the growth 
from peak till now? 
  
Management:
 
So prices have come up about 25% and volumes have come up by about 35-40%. 
  
Keshav:
 
OK, Sir. And also now, with crude prices again being up
 
what kind of impact do 
you see on our realizations going forward and margins? 
  
Management:
 
So we see that margins and realizations both have bottomed down. This is, to 
me, in my opinion, this is very clear even despite a weak demand scenario, we 
see improvement, gradual slow improvement in both volumes as well as margins 
as we go forward and prices have bottomed down, so prices while because of 
the weak demand scenario, the prices are going to shoot up quickly. 
 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
 
However, we are seeing that prices have bottomed out. So there is going to be a 
gradual upward move in the prices of pigments as well. Same for the
 
API. 
 
Keshav:
 
Sir, also, if you could give us some idea that you operate at full capacity utilization 
then Sir, what kind of revenue can we generate in our all three segments? The 
blue, the AZO as well as the API.
  
Management:
 
So the combined revenue that we can generate at peak performance without 
counting CHATRAL facility of Atlas and clarifying this because it's a new facility 
and right now there's no point of counting it. So we can generate a peak revenue 
of about
 
Rs.
 
400 crores in the blue business, about Rs. 150 crores in the ATC 
business a nd about Rs. 125 crores in Atlas Odor business. 
  
Keshav:
 
Sir. And also with this new CapEx of around Rs. 70 crore
 
what kind of IRR do you 
expect on this statement? 
 
Management:
 
So the CapEx is going to be in the range of Rs. 70 to 75 crores and we are looking 
at a turnover of about 200 plus. So Rs. 225 crores at peak levels from this CapEx 
when the API plant came the intermediate plant. Both are operational and we 
estimate the bitter margin of anywhere between 12 to 16% of course it won't be 
16% in the initial year. But eventually, at peak performance, we should get 
EBITDA margins of about 15%, so the math will be easy I mean Rs.
 
225 cross 
turnover on 75 crores of CapEx with the EBITDA of 15%. 
  
Keshav:
 
Great. Lastly if it's your API revenues
 
year on year they have fallen from 70 crores
 
to 23.5 crore. So I'm trying to understand have the volumes realization gone 
down or was the plant in operational? So what exactly was the reason for such 
a fall?  
  
Management:
 
You're talking about the half yearly. 
  
Keshav:
 
No, Sir. I'm talking about quarter second quarter. 
  
Management:
 
Second quarter API business 70 crore. 
  
Keshav:
 
Sir, in the segment results, maybe it might be a misprint, 
  
Management:
 
Alok can you clarify this? Because I am confused with the quarterly revenue of 
70 crores in the API business. Maybe a typo. Please clarify. 
  
Alok:
    
Its typo.
  
Management:
 
So I'll still keep the question. So there is, I mean obviously it's not that drastic, 
there is some reduction in the overall turnover
 
the typo
 
in the first quarter. This 
quarter yes, your number is right 25 crores and it's below or slightly below our 
estimate, but not in a huge way. I attribute that again to a combination of weaker 
demand. So the volumes were lower by about 15% in the order Atlas facility and 
the prices were of the pregabalin
 
and main product prices. Sell from 4000 to 
3000, so about 25% reduction in prices. So this was a combination that resulted 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
in some depletion in the turnover in October, November, and December
 
of this 
year. We see that the turnover should be inching back to its quarterly norm. 
  
Moderator:
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vaibhav Barjatya from Honesty 
and Integrity investment.
   
Vaibhav Barjatya:
 
So I have couple of questions on the pigment business and couple of on the API 
business. So first on the pigment 1, so see from a relatively longer term 
perspective, we see some of your competitors are positioning themselves more 
as a competitor to international companies like the GIC and their forward 
integrating into that domain of the business while we continue to be positioned 
as a supplier to these companies. So any thought on how your, whether you want 
to make that transition at a later date or do you think that transition just doesn't 
fit our business profile?
   
Management:
 
So right now for the pigment business, we don't intend to get into forward 
integration in any of our pigment businesses, which is master batch paints or 
things. However one cannot tell too long term as of right now we have no such 
plans for the next couple of years. As Arjun mentioned in his introductory 
speech, we are coming towards long CapEx cycle, probably one of our most 
aggressive CapEx cycle in the history of 25-30 years of our existence. 
  
This has run the last 24 months and is coming to an end in the next few months. 
In the next three to four months, we have only about 20 crores of CapEx to go 
10 at Atlas
 
CHATRAL Greenfield project and about 10-12 at ATC Yellow. And that 
would be the end of our CapEx cycle
 
and then we go into our euro of your 
consolidation. So we have no future plans of capital allotment to expansion right 
now we would like to rather fulfill the potential of the existing capacities. Arjun, 
do you want to comment on it. Anything you have.
   
Vaibhav Barjatya:
 
So sorry, Sir just to interrupt in between, but for example like, I don't know my 
understanding might be wrong here, but for example, the guy like Sudarshan 
they always say that DIC clearly and these companies are their competitors. 
While so while for us I think they are our customers, so I just want to understand 
that why this is the difference and whether you want to migrate apart.
   
Management:
 
So we are happy to be having DIC and Heubach and Clariant as our customers 
and they are excellent companies and we have a lot of potential to grow 
supplying to these companies. Arjun, you want to comment? 
 
Arjun:
 
No, I think you said it perfectly, but to answer that question, yeah, I think,
 
we 
definitely one of the things we pride ourselves is being the lead and primary 
supplier to the top in the world. For example DIC son, we are also lead supplier 
to clarify it. So
 
we definitely aim to continue this. We aim to continue our 
presence in our supply to them. We hope to have wholesome pigment supply to 
them and we see them as a very large global MNC player and with them growing 
and further being stronger. DIC taking
 
over BASF. We see that there is more 
growth for us to do business and we are getting stronger in global scheme, which 
allows us as well to use our relationship with them to increase our business, 
support them and together have Asahi grow as their supplier, which is Asahi 
growing, is of primary importance and our view of doing that would be support 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
them and they are very large very strong MNCS and we think that they will do 
really well and we hope to keep growing our business with them.
   
Vaibhav Barjatya:
 
OK, got it.
   
Management:
 
I will further clarify. This is a good question. So do not mistake what me and Arjun 
said, meaning that we are not competing with them I mean we clearly compete 
with Clariant and even DIC for that matter, at times for the pigment business. 
What
 
we were trying to answer was that we have no intention for getting into 
forward integration into things or
 
plastic. But that doesn't mean that we are not 
going to compete with them in pigment. So let me clarify them in pigments, then 
we will continue to compete with them. And I feel that we will definitely be far 
more competitive than competitive than them. And that is why we feel that 
overall, I mean I don't want to name
 
anyone. But we will gain not only growth in 
the pigment business from the incremental growth in the business that we see, 
the generic growth in the business that we see year on year, but we will also gain 
because we will compete better with various companies in the pigments without 
name and some of them could be big multinationals too, and they recognize this 
already, that it is not possible. It probably won't be possible for them to compete 
with companies such as Asahi, and they would probably transfer some of the 
business either
 
to Asahi in a relationship or we will eat into some otherpigment 
businesses as well. 
  
So as far as pigments are concerned, we are there to compete with all of these 
companies. What we meant is we are not going to go in for forward integration 
at this stage for the next two years.
   
Vaibhav Barjatya:
 
So I think that answers my question. And secondly that's kind of a historical 
questions, but I just want to understand the logic. So
 
when we as of now we have 
already closed to the completion of CapEx cycle. But when we originally decided 
to put CapEx at various fields. You have earlier highlighted that there was an 
environmental permission issue for expansion of blue business at existing 
location.
 
So why have we never considered at that point of time any Greenfield 
expansion of the blue business as such? Was it at that time related to market or 
is it something else?
   
Management:
 
So we have debated this question that was the obvious thing. I mean when if you 
look back five years into our business, even three years back, we were a single 
product, blue single location, Baroda Company right now and we are market 
leaders in the work of
 
whom we are #1 in the world
 
the blue this is our strength. 
  
We know the blue business inside out and we feel that we are the best 
competitive company. If you take customer profile, quality profile, volume 
profile and put it together. So the obvious question when we have to decide 
three or five years back what we want to expand into obvious answer was blue. 
  
However, at the board level and the strategic level in the company, we came to 
a conclusion that we do not want to put any new further money into the blue 
business because blue is already dominated in a significant way by India and we 
do not have any incremental growth coming from competing outside India 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
companies and gaining their business like we could gain ASO business from China 
something like that.
  
So we have strategically decided and we stick to that we will not expand or put 
capital into the blue business on a Greenfield expansion side because what 
would do is that would innovate be hitting our own business because we would 
have to then approach lower quality customers with lower margins, lower 
pricing and that would hamper our business with our quality customers that we 
have.
   
Moderator:
 
The next question is from the line of Dhiren Anurag an individual Investor please 
go ahead. 
  
Dhiren Anurag:
  
Firstly, congratulations on commissioning of the new project. I think it is 
especially commendable that you have gone ahead with this project even during 
the current industry scenario and have completed it on time as you have 
committed. So my first question is regarding the new API site only. I think in the 
AGM before you have communicated and even today that the lower potential of 
the site is Rs. 200 to 225 crores. So I just wanted to get some clarification that 
this includes the value of intermediates also which will be produced or you are 
only talking about the external sales potential of this site and the value of 
intermediates which we consume internally is different. 
  
Management:
 
And to answer your questions, the turnover that the real would be the turnover 
from same so internal use would be over and above.
  
Dhiren Anurag:
   
Just to understand if we add the intermediates as well or if we take them at 
market value, then what is the value of production out of that site. It is like more 
than 250 crores because we are talking about the impressive Forex assets on a 
Rs. 70-75 crore CapEx. So if we include the value of intermediates, then what is 
the value of production from that site? 
  
Management:
 
So as Arjun said, the turnover of 225crores would be stick only from the API side 
and he clarified that the intermediate business that we consume internally is not 
counted in that 200 crore turnover. So he has the asset turnover on an edge 
sector would be quite a bit more with the turnover to investment of
 
75 would 
look to 200, say 210 to 275 and but if you add the intermediate that will self-
consume
 
at market
 
value, The X Factor would be more. The turnover that would 
be I think in the range of about 60 or crores or 70 Arjun, any number that you 
have, what the intermediate, the two products that we make if we sell consume 
at market cost what it would be? 
  
Arjun:
  
Its total size, potential turnover would be 350 to 400 crores. 
  
Management:
 
Yeah. So I would say added 100 to 120 crores would be what the intermediates 
would be considered as if you considered at market value that we'll consume 
internally. 
  
Dhiren Anurag:
  
Understood. OK, this is quite for impressive in terms of the fixed asset
 
term. So 
we are able to achieve this because the 70-75 does not include the value of land 
which we had
 
acquired from the subsidiary otherwise this would have been 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
lower or is it like we are doing N-1 N-2 manufacturing and that is the assets one 
is higher. Because if we compare it to what the current like fixed data returns for 
many of the API plants coming up even 3 is a very impressive number. So here 
we are talking about at least more than 4-4.5. Maybe if we include the value of 
intermediates as well. 
  
Management:
 
So I think you answered part of it yourself. I think the N-1, N-2 is a very large 
factor. That is the reason we have done this project. Apart from this, we also 
projections they're giving, although achievable, we will have to work quite hard 
to get them. We have a state-of-the-art plan now, so we are hoping that these
 
numbers would be able to get a slightly better price and go to slightly better 
markets as well. 
  
Where right now we would be in the more unregulated markets, we would move 
to slightly more regulated market and
 
that would be one reason the N-1, N-2 
obviously is the largest reason and 3rd we have worked on over the past few 
months,
 
some molecules, obviously we don't have the R&D expenditure and 
large pharma companies would have yet, but we recognize the importance of 
R&D in
 
pharma and we have worked on other products as well, which we small 
products these would not be too till. 
  
However they are products we have worked on which will be made in a new 
factory which will assist these turnover numbers as well and hopefully help us 
achieve the numbers we have quoted as you said, which are as always which the 
benchmark we have said. And hopefully we'll be able to
 
report that we have 
achieved it in the coming quarters as we do start the flat, however, it will take 
time as that said, since it's a brand new plan but once it is all established in the 
long term, we should be able to achieve these numbers.
   
Dhiren Anurag:
  
So the intermediates are that we are producing for pregabalin, CHM and RCMH. 
Are we going to manufacture any other molecules from these intermediates or 
they're only dedicated for the pregabalin or if you're going to leverage this for 
like some other API as well
 
we may not do currently?
  
Management:
 
We would be as of right now we have started it only for pregabalin to 
intermediate and if we have anything in excess from what we use, we would 
probably be selling it into the market. And a similar strategy to what we have 
done in the blue pigment business we consume, we make CPC Blue Group the 
main raw material for the blue pigment and we make in excess of what we 
consume and we sell that to some of the multinational. 
  
Dhiren Anurag:
  
So in pregabalin like post, these two intermediates, would it be safe to say that 
we would be the most integrated player? I think it's a four step process and we 
would be covering it till the very first step only. So is it safe to say that you would 
be one of the most competitive cost producers in India post the expansion?
   
Management:
 
Yes, it is safe to say that however, we do really have a long
 
way to go. Still we 
have said as a strategy and what we have discussed previously in calls as well we 
have a strong position. Because of knocking backward integrated, we are not 
able to, despite having a large enough market share in India, we are not able to 
get the numbers we want. This will definitely make us. In India, one of the more 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
dominant players in terms of backward integration, and they already have a 
good market. What we aim to do is raise our level in terms of compliance, which 
is the reason for a large investment in this plant and means not only to India. 
And the non-regulated
 
markets to more regulated markets where we have 
obviously other competitors who are much larger
 
players than much more 
resilient players. But we hope that this backward integration and the state-of-
the-art plant will allow us to move to that level while we also have the Indian 
market in mind and growth within this segment where we are going to be 
dominant but to raise our level for the slightly more regulated market as well. So 
that is where we'll work really hard and aims to put our presence there as well.
   
Dhiren Anurag:
  
So just one last thing. So from a capital allocation point of view like this recent 
line monetization was a very welcome move. So is there any such other assets 
available, which the company may look to monetize and potentially if we look at 
the value that we are currently getting in the market. So in terms of market 
capitalization, maybe deploy some capital towards
 
or buy that or something 
which
 
actually use to the long term investors because I see there's a lot of value 
three years ago. So we were at the same market cap but in three years basically 
we've added two new businesses of equal size and opportunity as compared to 
the blue one. So any thoughts on this would be really welcome. 
  
Management:
 
So the first question answer is
 
no, we don't have any other assets like the land 
parcel we sold that we would monetize and get money from. 
  
So we have done buybacks in the past. And we will hope to have surplus capital 
sometimes in the future. So at that time the option would be either to do 
another buyback an
 
existing shareholder. And as you rightly said from the 
valuation point of view, we were three years
 
back, but on the turnover or 
investment or business side of things, we have become much more difficult in 
terms of the company of course the times have been tough because interest 
rates have gone up and markets have crashed and that's why we probably had a 
difficult here but certainly we would either look to do a new capital allocation 
into the existing lines of businesses which are most profitable after two years or 
three years or if we don't have anything obvious than repay our shareholders 
buyback. 
  
Moderator:
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rupesh Tatiya from IntelSense 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
  
Rupesh:
 
I have three or four questions. So first question is, if we look at the blue 
standalone business over multiple years, our gross margin has been between 40 
to 45%. But in last maybe 10-11 quarters it has really reduced and we understand 
because of whatever chemical price inflation, whatever has happened. So this 
quarter we have seen improvement, so the gross margin in blue business has 
gone to 37%. So do you expect that we will be in this 40 to 45% range in blue 
business going forward?
   
Management:
 
We always been in that 40 to 44% or the range generally if you take a little up 
and down. But generally in that range and of course, because of the exceptional 
poor market conditions we had gone down to
 
really bad levels. We at 37-37.5% 
now and our aspiration would again be to get to 40-45% range. However, I do 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
not see it going to 45% anytime in the next couple of quarters
 
and for the 
improvement we would be unhappy if he aren't at 40 or slightly. 
  
Rupesh:
 
And another question is in this intermediate plant, what would be current gross 
margin of a class life
 
and how would it move once we start consuming these 
intermediates? 
  
Management:
 
So I'll honestly not like to dwell on that right now because we are very new. So 
we normally give any guidance or comments forward-looking I am very precise 
and accurate and we hope that we live up to it with the API business you can 
understand very new so it will be very difficult for me to guide on the 
intermediate business. However, I can tel you that overall EBITDA margins of 
the API business that we are in the final API business should improve because of 
the intermediate. That is why we went into this business and it should improve 
from say a better level of a six odd percent to 12 odd percent to start it.
  
Rupesh:
 
That is good enough, Sir. And another maybe supplementary question to that is 
the capacity we have is to intermediates. So how much do we need for our own 
consumption and how much would we need for external? 
  
Management:
 
We have around 15 to 20% excess capacity of intermediates.
  
Rupesh:
  
My next question
 
is in API products, you have said that other than 
intermediates, we are building a capacity of around 200 crore. So can you talk 
about top three products which will become 30-40-50 crores size which are 
these products?
 
Other than pregabalin
 
which will give us this 200 crores 
revenue.
   
Management:
 
For the 200 crore API, revenue from the new CHATRAL plant, we would probably 
depend on the same 6 molecules that we make would have the predominant 
one with the pregabalin. So I would assume that probably early 100 crores would 
come from the pregabalin and the balance 100 crores from the five other 
molecules and some minor revenues would come from new molecules that Arjun 
does upon. 
  
Rupesh:
 
I see. And my final question is, in the AGM, you have talked about that you was 
looking at some cost breakthrough in some red products. So if you can give an 
update on that have we achieved that cost? 
  
Management:
 
I think it was mentioned we have been working quite hard to optimize these 
products of what we have discussed earlier in the past few meetings over the 
last year or more than that. Even the red side hand proven to be a little more 
difficult than the yellow hand, primarily we are competing a lot with China 
obviously you hold the dominant space in AZO reds and for the Reds everyone 
asks so whoever all Indian manufacturers have to still purchase some raw 
materials for the red from China, so that was the reason why there was a price 
issue in the red as compared to China.
   
To
 
answer specifically your question, yes, we have been able to get a cost 
breakthrough in one of the key products we are working on this and because of 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
this cost breakthrough we are able to compete with China. It is something we 
have taken pride in. 
  
However, it is not something that will give us crazy margin. It will allow us to 
compete with China, which is a very difficult change in red. So we are hoping 
there are several discussions going on as I said and we are hoping that this 
process breakthrough we have had to get sales which is the most important thing 
right now and
 
allow us to compete globally with China and whatever small 
capacity and allow us to pump up the red line as well
 
which will be a big factor 
to get ATC to the next level. 
   
Moderator:
 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
  
Nikhil: 
 
I have two questions. One is
 
if we look at our quarterly performance, there is a 
significant improvement in the gross margin even though the sales on the 
pigment
 
side has been. So and even in the call you mentioned that you would 
like to see the gross margins around 35 to 40%, 45%
 
may take some time. So this 
improvement is led by what like is the realizations improving or is it there were 
inventory write offs in previous quarter which is not there now?
  
Just some light 
on that.
   
Management:
 
To answer your question, I think as you've analyzed correctly despite the 
turnover not being better we have improved our margin there are a few factors 
here. One key factor which I'm personally not involved in at all. So I'll give full 
credit to Dad and our procurement has been good. Our procurement has always 
been one of our big strengths and we have leveraged relationship. And leverage 
that strength to get good procurement and get that very effectively done. So 
that is one reason why our margin are better. 
  
Second what we have discussed earlier as well, the market being bad, we have 
seen that globally inventories are starting to reduce so people are now despite 
poor markets having to buy products. So we have always tried we have always 
make
 
sure to try it after he has a very high quality manufacturer, which we will 
always hope to sustain. 
 
So we have seen this clearly because of us having still maintaining a very good 
quality product, good procurement efficiency and hence we have seen a 
comeback to some extent, at least in the margins, despite demand not yet 
coming back to you.
 
Just to add to it the inventory overhang that we had causing 
some of the pain earlier. This inventory overhang again
 
repeat is over.
  
Nikhil: 
 
So whatever happens to the pricing
 
you believe this 30-35 is a sustainable margin 
and moving to 40-45 will depend upon how prices be right?
   
Management:
 
Yes. 
  
Nikhil: 
 
Secondly, if I
 
look at some of the players on the specialized pigments, some of 
the largest players like Venator and all have filed for Chapter 11 and all. So are 
you seeing that there is a constraint on the capacities? Or in the last 1 1/2 years. 
Since the issues have been with the industry, are you seeing that capacities are 
going out of the market or companies are going out? And if you can just help us 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
understand how the capacity is at the global level and whenever things change? 
Do you think that we would be able to take a larger market share than what we 
have done all these years? 
  
Management:
 
This is a very interesting question. I'm glad you asked it. One of the gentlemen's 
earlier also kind of referred to it when they asked whether we would like to 
compete with tendencies. So the
 
thing at the end I clarified that in the pigment 
space where we are willing to compete with everyone and we feel that we should 
be the strongest the most efficient pigment player in the world. So what is likely 
to happen some of these bankruptcies that you see randomly, globally will 
probably continue because they are going to not be able to compete with the 
likes of us. It's not just me, but maybe some other companies as well, and the 
likes of India the business will over a period of time migrate to India in some 
pockets and we would be happy to take advantage of that business and maybe 
even partner with some companies if they would like to without their capacity 
and make it with. 
  
Nikhil:
 
And just last question, see we've seen in many commodity kind of businesses. 
That the MNCS eventually try to get out of the commodity business and try to go 
higher in the value addition or the specialized kind of a product range. And this 
is across industries which are not even related to pigments, but in other 
chemicals. Are you seeing in last 2-3 years what we have seen there is a lot of 
consolidation which has happened change of hands from carry and going to 
huge, so many things happening. Are you seeing that on the commodity plus kind 
of a segment, there is a gap which is getting created with players exiting? 
  
Management:
 
Certainly. And this will continue at in sporadic periods of time. But yes, there is 
a gap. That is being created and there is a gap that is likely to happen going 
forward. That is one of the reasons why we put up this plant at the age for 80. 
  
Nikhil: 
 
OK. Lastly, if we have to fill in this gap incrementally or what would be the three 
or four key priorities which we would have to work on? I know our brand in the 
blue and in the pigment space is pretty strong, but other than that, what 
additional we
 
would need to do we have the capacity, we have the brand, but 
other than what are the key requirements you believe the company has to fulfill 
in order to capture a larger share? 
  
Management:
 
So,
 
that this question passes for the blue correct. I think what you mentioned 
those are two important factors obviously that we do have a brand value 
globally. And also we continue to have a good product now in order to increase 
or expand our share. I think we have
 
mentioned earlier as well, in previous AGM 
as well that we have always maintained a very high customer level. We've always 
only taken the absolute top clients and there was a reason for this which is 
because we have had these large clients buying consistently from us month on 
month for year in order to grow the blue business, I think it is important for us 
to maintain our quality despite increasing our cost efficiency as best we can. 
  
So not to change the product too much and at the same time make sure
 
to be 
probably a little more aggressive in certain customer acquisition and activity 
such as that to gain other high quality customers. But in terms of the blueprint 
and how we make the product and stuff like that, we continue to keep the same 
in terms of brand value there is still work for us to be done and there is still 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
globally opportunities for us to take which will require us to have a probably a 
little better distribution channel and target maybe a certain areas well 
established companies which are not probably as dust and increase our 
distribution network there so that we can grow our business despite keeping the 
quality standards that we have always kept. 
  
Moderator:
 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Kulkarni from Kamayakya
 
Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
  
Pratik Kulkarni:
 
I just wanted to know the updates for the approval from the European authority 
in our API
 
businesses. 
  
Management:
 
That is our ultimate goal. However, we are very new. So the CHATRAL plan just 
started the 24th of October this year. So we get the intermediate plan running, 
then we get the API plan running in the next three to six months and then we
 
apply for European exhibition. It's a long way to go yet, but yeah, we do definitely 
aim. We have put up the Greenfield plant with the aim to get European 
exhibition. 
  
Pratik Kulkarni:
 
OK. And on our AZO side business, we were looking for people from customers 
in the European region, but as we can see that the European region is currently 
going through a tough phase. Then are we focusing on these approvals or are 
focusing ship through domestic markets? 
  
Management:
 
So in terms of our focus, the European economy is going through a difficult time. 
Companies that are going through difficult times coupled with the general 
slowdown in the chemical industry is why we have not yet had large orders and 
breaks. There it continues to be a market where we feel demand will come back. 
And we will continue our exercise with them, continue to use our relationships 
in Europe, which we have worked on for a long time and make sure that we have 
approvals in place, trial orders try to get the trial orders out and in place, so that 
when the demand comes back, they are able to look at us for commercial orders, 
because this is a very time consuming effort with the MNC since they need 
several step approval
 
whether it is from the lab to the pilot to the plant trials and 
then subsequently, there customer approvals as well. 
  
So it's a long process which we will continue to do and we hope that when the 
market returns, it will be a full exercise for us even though we have to wait quite 
some time. 
 
In the meantime, as also as you rightly mentioned, the domestic market is doing 
better than the European market. We have taken up more of an effort in the 
domestic market where as well it is not great demand but it is better than Europe 
for sure. 
  
So we have focused on that. Most of our growth from as you rightly said and we 
will continue to put effort in the local market as well. We see India as a market 
that will continue to grow and being an
 
Indian company Indian player, we are 
proud to say that the as though we have done a lot of work in India and a lot of 
the current growth has come from domestic sales. 
  
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
So while we continue to work on our European customers and we are very 
hopeful that whenever maybe not immediately but in future quarters when the 
demand there rises and comes back, we will be well positioned to also leverage 
that business, putting the AZO business in a stronger position at that
 
time. 
  
Moderator:
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sharma and individual 
investor.
   
Praveen Sharma:
 
I have only two questions first is on this PG with this API coming up our 
consumption should immediately ramp up, correct, because we will be house 
consuming for the raw material for the PG. So will it reflect in the margins of PG 
which we are producing currently to the tune of 100-120 crores?
   
Management:
 
Definitely. The whole premise of setting up this Greenfield project, one of the 
main premise was that we improve our 3PG margins, which EBITDA margins 
were we had a good business. We bought, but the
 
margins were always poor, so 
with this going into L1 and L2 starting of the CHATRAL facility should improve the 
margins to 12% if it's a straight away PG, which was earlier at 6%. That is likely 
to happen in the very early stages also.
  
Praveen Sharma:
 
I want to just confirm that it will not undergo any approval from the end 
customer. They
 
don't take approvals for the raw material.
  
Management:
 
No, there is no N1, N2. The two raw materials of PG that we just started the 
intermediate plant in CHATRAL. So these don't require any customer approvals 
from a single customer of PG. 
  
Praveen Sharma:
 
My second question is regarding blue. The blue always has been a cash cow and 
the capacity
 
I didn't think in last five years any major capacity have come up and 
the kind of end
 
user industry demand we see it is going up exponentially whether 
it is automobiles plastics, real estate painting and packaging, Inc. But where did 
the demand for the blue pigment first disappear? Means my question is it 
undergoing some kind of obsolesce
 
wherein? There is some alternative product 
which has taken the place of blue and beta blue, alpha blue and or where is the 
demand suddenly disappeared in last two years? 
  
Management:
 
the second one is simple, so no blue is not likely to see any obstacles. There is 
absolutely no substitute for 15 beta blue and alpha blue, and there is nothing 
even in these, so there won't be a substitute, at least for five years. I personally 
think for the 10 or 15 years there won't be any substitute, but at least we can be 
certain
 
that for the next five years there is going to be no substitute. 
  
The demand now where it is gone is a puzzling question.
 
We
 
have also tried to 
ask it ourselves and figure out what's happening. This demand scenario is 
generally happening not only in the blue but also in the Esso market for example, 
the dive market or some other. The bulk chemical markets as well, but to answer 
the question on blue, I mean it seems like in a 0 of 2% inventory environment, 
the foreigners, the Western countries, US and Europe were holding material for 
6/6. 
  
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
Now suddenly it is 6%. They are faced with 5-6%
 
and 7% interest cost and which 
they have not seen in their entire lifetime of 20 years. This made them panic and 
that they are now thinking of going to very low levels of inventory because it's 
very difficult to carry inventory at 6-7%. But it
 
used to be easy free to carry 
inventory at 1%, so their whole mindset changed. 
  
That mindset changed this whole one year exceptional momentum of reduction, 
global inventory level charged with that declining market conditions and 
declining product crisis resulted in very abnormal conditions in the demand now 
over a
 
period of time this will whether itself out, I think we have the back end of 
the low demand environment. 
  
And we though I don't foresee a sudden jump in demand, but I already see a 
bottoming out of demand and probably 3 months we will see a gradual approval 
demand. You rightly said the various industries such as packaging
 
Ink was 
adopted or paints are reasonably good businesses, and these are likely to be 
good over the future and hence I think the general business of Blues, or pigments 
in general will have its cash flow statement in place. 
  
Praveen Sharma:
 
Great. Thank
 
you
 
and
 
congratulations on this good sale of the land. I think these 
are excellent opportunities and we are well equipped and we have a domain 
expertise kind of thing in this. So I think we can continue doing that buying 
cheaper land and then selling it at a higher price. 
  
Management:
 
Thank you so much, Praveen.
 
I appreciate your words. And we will keep our eye 
out
 
from time to time, if we can advocate capital where we can make some extra 
money for the shareholders, is always the possibility in India especially. 
  
Moderator:
 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Securities Investment 
Management
 
Company. Please go ahead. 
  
Aditya:
 
I have a couple of questions regarding our pigment business. So if you could just 
let me know the end user industry mix or a blue pigment for us and for the 
industry? 
  
Management:
 
So for us it is something we have discussed in past many results we had in 
previously been a ink end user oriented supplier and we had done very well over 
the years with this business. However, this was a thing we have realized a few 
years back where you see that the printing specifically was a segment that is in 
general not growing. 
  
It's steady and even has slightly growth from time to time. Yes, it continues to be 
a large volume segment. And there are large players that are continuing to have 
very large volumes for printing. So we have maintained our printing business, 
but at the same time, we've made sure to increase our exposure in specifically 3
 
segments. One is plastics, one is cooking and one is packaging inks, so within the 
inks we have increased the exposure to packaging ink. 
  
Packaging
 
are obviously pretty fast growing segment as consumer goods 
continue to rise from something as simple as additional processed foods being 
sold in supermarkets etc. Those are all end segments where we have increased 
our focus plastic being another one which has shown good growth and coatings 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
as well. So these are the three segments where we have consciously made an 
effort over the last few years to increase our exposure in the Blues and for the 
AZO as well right from the start. 
  
We have made sure to have a much larger exposure to these products than the 
other one other quick comment in terms of end application use. So we
 
have 
largely been focused on water based applications as compared to solvent based 
in the blue over the years. As time goes by, companies are realizing and 
appreciating this as solvent bases work for the environment. 
  
So lot of companies are attempting to move towards water based and this is 
where our core expertise is and has been over the years, so we will continue our 
focus on water based. We will continue as we have done for the past years to 
increase the exposure for packaging in plastics and coatings. And we will make 
sure to mold the end application such that we still have a position in the printing. 
We are still a dominant supplier for that end application while also increasing 
these as we have done for the past few years consciously. 
  
Aditya:
 
Sir, what would be the share of these three new industries currently and what 
was it say, 5
 
to 6
 
years back?
 
Management:
 
So if I have to give you numbers, I can say that maybe 5
 
to 6
 
years back we would 
be maybe six years back around 70% roughly going into printing. Now that has 
reduced to, I would say around 45%. So it's been a very large change. We have 
increased these three segments quite a bit and we hope to grow these segments 
continuously as they keep getting stronger in the end application as well.
   
Aditya:
 
Got it. And what would be the difference in margins between all these 3 
industries, because I believe some industries would require higher specificity of 
the product, some industries would have higher margins. We just help us explain 
which industries have higher margin. 
  
Management:
 
So honestly, I I'll tell you, for example, I had some meetings with some customers 
last week and within that meeting we discussed the difference between 
products that go into plastics and products that go into fiber. So the fiber grid, 
for example, has a higher margin and higher requirements in terms
 
of several 
technical points. Now it is, clear that the higher volume products will be going 
into the ink, plastics, coatings and applications which are less nation have much 
more competition, leading to lower margin. 
  
So the large volume business, honestly, even the business that is growing such 
as the plastics and coatings very honestly does not have a special margin or a 
higher margin. It is just the business that has an end application growth is why 
we have decided to focus on it. 
  
So we are not able to get much superior margin, but it is a growing industry and 
we hope to grow our volumes as demand comes back. 
  
Aditya:
 
So in a pigment business, what I understand is the chemistry of the product 
remains the same for a number of years and if new players start entering the 
market, the margins start to deteriorate and that is why the players tend to move 
up the value chain and tend to
 
get more into the higher performance.
 
So if you 
just help us explain have we seen this phenomena in a blue pigment and AZO 
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
pigment business that more and more players are gaining entry into this segment 
which have diluted our margins, keeping aside the unusual conditions now 
currently, but even then have the margins diluted or we used to make around 8 
to 9 years back? 
  
Management:
 
I can say that yes, I mean compared to say 8 to 10 years back, obviously the 
competition has grown substantially. There are a lot more players in the industry 
and I'll also mention here that this is a phenomenon as you said, has happened 
in several industries here as well. 
  
We have seen this and this is one of the reasons why the margins have got cut 
because that there is a lot of people have come in and led to oversupply, it is a 
phenomenon that is happening here as well as in several industries we know 
about it and although it is obviously additional challenge, we aim to keep our 
dominant position and we are confident of keeping our dominant position in the 
Blues where we do feel that we have a technology and we have a product that 
is superior to most in the market and hence we hope to cater a clientele that 
requires and appreciates the higher quality. 
  
We hope to keep the dominant position despite higher competition in the last 
year, which I am sure will continue to be the case with oversupply, but we will 
not let that deter us. We hope to and are confident of keeping our dominant 
position in the views. 
  
So I will add to what Arjun said this has
 
happened over the last five to seven 
years that newer
 
players have come in because the margins were good, the 
business is good no competition, no obselency
 
rate
 
and good 45% gross margins. 
However, it is a cyclical thing that many times suddenly people come in and the 
new ones are obviously are weaker players. They don't know the business, they 
don't know the
 
geographical mapping of the industry or making pigments, is 
more art than it is
 
science. The time so they come into the business not knowing 
the business well and over a period of a few years, they did that away as well. 
  
This cyclical increased competition and then dying of some of the weak ones 
happens across industries. It is likely to happen here as well. We are already 
seeing that the overcapacity
 
came in newer capacities that came in over the last 
2-3 years in these tough days of the last 12 to 18 months, half of them have 
already died and some others are going either away so that will lead the field a 
little more leveled out as is always done and also what it will do is the stronger 
players, as Arjun said, what we would aspire to do we would aspire to go as you 
also mentioned in your question into higher value added products. So for pesos 
for example, now that we started with the with the base products and we are 
coming at about 55% utilization levels as we move towards 75% utilization levels 
over the next 6-8 months, we will keep automatically towards the higher end of 
the utilization cycle going for low volume higher value product and go up the 
margin chain up the value chain and go into HPC high performance pigments is 
value because we see a lot of hope in this business. 
  
Aditya:
 
And Sir, what would be the difference in margins on a gross level between blue 
pigment and an AZO pigment? Just a rough range? 
  
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
Management:
 
Blue, as you already know, I mean earlier somebody mentioned it very well that 
is exactly
 
the margin profile about 40%, in AZO report it would also be stabilized, 
I mean probably I would say it's similar. We are new, so blue I can comment with 
a lot of authority, AZO it will take me a little while to see how things go. But it 
should be in the same range. Probably 35% for AZO and to the CapEx to turnover 
cycle is slightly better.
   
Aditya:
 
Right and, Sir, what I understand is the blue pigment is dominated by Indian 
players, while AZO pigment is dominated by Chinese players. But what I believe 
is blue pigment and bluer a commodity product than an AZO pigment, which you 
also mentioned so. While China more dominant in AZO pigment, because China 
is more of a commodity play because they try to sell in bulk and that is why they 
get the cost advantage which is help us and that's what has happened which has 
led to being China being a dominant play in the AZO pigment business.
   
Management:
 
This is a very long story, blue is dominated by India. We have 75 maybe I think 
85% of the global market share now and probably in India will get 90% even 
because I even see further capacity, whatever small capacities are happening in 
Blues out of India made that so we may end up getting all of it and if the AZO we 
have only about 10% of the global market 75% is in China now. Why this has 
happened in a very long story
 
but to long matter short with the blues the raw 
material availability in India
 
is complete. It is always been that way. So the 
majors, when they came from Europe and Japan, they selected India as a natural 
partner for blue. And hence we created a great infrastructure for the blue 
business with AZO lethal particularly for the rest, and also at one point of time 
five years back for the yellows, the key raw materials were coming from where 
more available in China and India didn't have these raw materials, but the large 
bulk chemicals for
 
making the AZO, hence the foreign companies migrated to 
China 1st and that is why they developed this strength. 
  
What is happening now in the yellow business just 6 to 8 months back, India has 
become completely self-reliant. When we started the business a year and a half 
back for the yellow people regularly buying from China, today we don't need to 
buy a kilo from China. That is how quickly the structure for the AZO industry is 
likely to change in India. 
  
Aditya:
 
Noted, Sir. And for just one last question, showing your answer to a previous 
participant, we mentioned that we are supplying to Sun and Clarion just as a 
company strategy. Why do we want to pay a contract manufacturer for these 
players and not directly sell to the end customers or have our own distribution 
channel? Because only then we'll be able to have our own brand and grow faster 
in the international market. So if we just explain what is the company strategy 
over here or are the customers only looking for bigger players who have better 
balance sheets or have higher revenue or different product profiles. That is why 
they look for bigger plays and not smaller players like us. 
  
Management:
 
So to answer that question, I think this question is blue, is it? 
  
Aditya:
 
Yes. For blue. 
  
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 

   
Asahi Songwon Colors Limited
   
27th
 
October 2023
   
Management:
 
So for the Blues, I think what was made clear at the start of this call I mean in 
pigment, we continue to sell to the top MNCS we will continue to do this a lot of 
our products
 
that we sell to them go into their manufacture for example, Sun 
uses our products to make Ink
 
in house in their own plants. Now here we will 
continue to be their supplier and we want to be the one they supply to. Here we 
are able to unlock higher margin than we would by supplying the lot of other 
people so one is that. 2nd in terms of the wind supply, apart from us supplying 
to them for their end use, we are also able to sell in the market. I mean we do 
compete with them as with everyone else, when we sell our products in the mall. 
And this will continue and we will make sure to do this, I mean in the pigment 
selling space, we will continue to keep growing ourselves and try to increase the 
brand value as a direct product as
 
well what we sell to the big MNS is what we 
will continue to sell is for their use of inks where we are
 
not competing with them 
at all.
   
So
 
it is a business that we are doing where they are buying from us and using 
that for me printing, packaging, plastics, whatever that may be. So that will 
continue as is and with the smaller players and with other business segments, 
we will use our own brand and that we will be competing with everybody. I 
mean, whoever may come,
 
we don't have any, anyone. We won't compete. 
  
Moderator:
 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Gokul Jaykrishna for closing comments. Please go ahead 
Sir. 
  
Gokul Jaykrishna: 
 
So thank you everyone for ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending our 
concall. I end this concall
 
with a very positive note and thought there is a lot of 
energy within the company that we have added the new Greenfield facility at 
last, there is also a lot of energy that we have broken even on EBITDA basis. 
Finally, after a very difficult start to the business and. ATC AZO plant in the hedge 
and we've already been able to monetize the Shiykha
 
land parcel at a very good 
rate and made a good profit from that. So generally there's a lot of energy that 
we take away in the last couple of months after a very training 6 to 12 month. 
  
And I look forward to now rating out for the improved demand scenario to play 
out and we should position ourselves to take very good advantage of it when it 
comes. Thank you once again and look forward to having you in my next
 
concall. 
  
Moderator:
 
Thank
 
you. On behalf of Asahi Songwon Colors Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
     
Asa~
gw 
~ 
on 
