 
 
 
November 13, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 543272 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE). Exchange 
Plaza, 
Bandra 
Kurla 
Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: EASEMYTRIP 
 
Sub: Earning Call Transcript 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
Please find enclosed the transcript of the earning call held on Wednesday, November 08, 2023 at 
14:00 hours, with regard to the unaudited financial results of the Company for the quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2023. 
The audio recordings of the said investor call are also made available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.easemytrip.com/investor-relations.html.  
Please take the same on your record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Easy Trip Planners Limited 
 
Priyanka Tiwari 
Group Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A50412 
PRIYANKA 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
PRIYANKA TIWARI 
Date: 2023.11.13 13:23:54 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Easy Trip Planners Limited 
Q2 FY2024Results Conference Call” 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRASHANT PITTI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - EASY 
TRIP PLANNERS LIMITED 
MR. NISHANT PITTI - CO-FOUNDER & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. ASHISH KUMAR BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – EASY TRIP PLANNERS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Easy Trip Planners Limited 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Prashant Pitti, Executive Director. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY2024 Earnings Call of 
EaseMyTrip. I would like to thank you all for joining us today. Our earnings 
presentation and press release have already been uploaded on our website and stock 
exchanges. I hope you all had a chance to review it. 
To start with, I would like to begin by highlighting our remarkable performance for 
quarter and H1 of FY2024, and we would be happy to take questions afterwards.  
Despite the lean period in travel industry during quarter 2 of FY2024, I'm happy to 
share that we have continued our upward trajectory and delivered strong results for 
both quarter and the first half of FY2024. During the quarter, we have achieved a gross 
booking revenue of  INR 2,025 crores and achieved highest-ever profit after tax of INR 
47.2 crores. The PAT grew at 67% year-on-year. Adjusted revenue also reported a 
robust growth of 25.7% year-on-year, reaching to INR 212 crores for Q2 FY2024 as 
against INR 169 crores of Q2 FY2023. The EBITDA during the quarter was INR 67.7 
crores, making an astonishing 68.1% growth on a year-on-year basis with a margin of 
46.8%. 
Overall, the revenue from operations for H1 FY2024 stood at INR 265 crores as 
compared to INR 196 crores same period last year, registering a growth of 35.5%. 
EBITDA for the period was at INR 105 crores, registering a growth of 22.7%. The 
PAT for the period was at INR 73 crores, registering a growth of 19.3%. 
Our efforts in H1 FY2024 yield impressive results with GBR growing by 20% year-
on-year, reaching INR 4,396 crores and adjusted revenue showing a robust 35% 
growth to INR 405 crores. Notably, our profit trajectory remained consistent, 
delivering a profit after tax of INR 73.2 crores for H1 FY2024. 
During the period, our core segment, Air travel bookings, recorded 61.1 lakh bookings, 
registering a year-on-year growth of 20% and Hotel segment recorded 2.9 lakh 
bookings, registering a year-on-year growth of 90%. The other segments covering 
Train, Buses and a few more saw a notable spike of 66.8% year-on-year in H1 FY2024. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
This robust growth is a testament of our resilience of business model, strategic focus 
and unwavering commitment to innovation and customer-centric solutions. The key 
highlight for this quarter was our strategic shift towards a stronger focus on 
profitability rather than gross booking revenue. This change undercoats our 
unwavering commitment to delivering long-term value to our stakeholders. 
Our primary objective is to achieve profit before tax of INR 250 crores for FY2024, 
and we are well on our way of reaching this milestone. I'm delighted to share that our  
dedication to profitability has already yielded impressive results. Our profit before tax 
for H1 FY2024 has reached an impressive number of INR 99.7 crores, representing 
19.8% increase from the same period of last year. 
We have executed several key initiatives during the first half of the fiscal year to drive 
this growth. Our strategic acquisition in Guideline Travels Holidays, TripShope Travel 
and Dook Travels are targeted towards enlarging our market reach and nurturing 
growth of Easy Trip Planners, leveraging their expertise in various travel industry 
sectors. This shall help by offering niche services to our vast customer base. 
Moreover, our collaboration with DuDigital Global Limited and BluSmart, along with 
introduction of Corporate Travel 2.0, signify our commitment to innovate sustainably 
and customer focused travel solutions. Our partnerships aim to provide excellent and 
administrative services, promote green mobility, and offer divers real-time online 
booking options to our corporate clients. 
Expanding our presence in North India, we have launched our franchisee outlet in 
Ludhiana, Jalandhar, Delhi and Agra during this quarter. These outlets signify a 
substantial expansion in our network designed to enhance services, including tailored 
travel experiences, increase business sustainability and a focus on off-line customers. 
Our GCC business has also seen a growth. Moreover, we are looking for a strategic 
partnership for our Middle East business to run it together. 
In conclusion, EaseMyTrip has delivered a strong performance in  Q2 and H1 FY2024 
with robust sequential and year-on-year growth. We remain focused on our growth 
strategies, and we are confident that our strong foundations and unwavering 
commitment will continue to drive our success. 
Thank you, and I would like to open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, moderator. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Bala Murali Krishna Jonnalagad from Oman Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Bala Murali: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers, sir. Regarding the EBITDA margin in the 
last three quarters, we can see it up and down. So, what could be the stable EBITDA 
margin we can expect from this year and the upcoming years, sir? 
Prashant Pitti: 
EBITDA margin changes on the basis of the business decisions and the calls which we 
take. In this particular quarter, you must have seen our profitability has gone up 
dramatically for multiple reasons. One is we have also experimented charging 
customers convenience fees and also, we have reduced our marketing budget 
dramatically for this particular quarter compared to the last couple of quarters, which 
is why you would see the EBITDA margins to go a little bit up and down on the basis 
of the business call. 
Hence, for the future as well, I may not be able to give any guidance, but we are very 
happy with the current quarter results, and the current EBITDA margin could be kept 
as a baseline for the future as well. 
Bala Murali: 
Okay. and regarding your sales expenses of 0.7% of GBR, it will continue, or we may 
see any upticks in any sort of the quarters, sir? 
Prashant Pitti: 
You mean marketing and sales promotion? We look forward to continuing with this 
number. 
Bala Murali: 
Okay, and regarding our PBT target of INR 250 crores, so I think we are on the track. 
So, you have completed around INR 100 crores. So, in the upcoming two quarters, 
we're 
expecting  
INR 150 crores of PBT, right? 
Prashant Pitti: 
So as a growing company, our Q3 and Q4 are always better than Q1 and Q2 since the 
company is also growing, which is why if you see every year in our performance, our 
H1 is usually about at 65% - 70% compared to our H2 and hence, we are well within 
our target to reach INR 250 crores of PBT in the year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just wanted to get your thoughts on a couple of things. In the past, you had spoken that 
you would look to double our GBR in FY2024. Does that target essentially still hold? 
That's question number one. The second thing is that if you could also talk about what 
prompted you to essentially do away with your no convenience strategy because that 
was the USP for EaseMyTrip? And how should we be thinking about this from a go-
forward standpoint? 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Prashant Pitti: 
Thank you, Manik, for asking the questions. Yes, that is correct that the first the target 
of GBR to doubling up does not stand valid now since we are focused on profitability. 
It's a very thin line which we have to balance. As a company and the Board, we have 
decided that we will be focused more on profitability this year and hence, we have 
committed a PBT growth of INR 250 crores for this particular year and answering your 
second question, related to zero convenience fees, as I've said that in this particular 
quarter, we have experimented to charge customers convenience fees. In many cases, 
when customer pays convenience fees, they also can apply a discount coupon, which 
is why you would see in this particular quarter, the discount to the customers has 
increased because in some cases, where they are paying convenience fees, they would 
still have the option to avail other discount coupons. 
It's an experiment with the company. We are not saying that we have gotten away with 
charging convenience fees to all of our customers but this definitely shows that there 
is so much amount of upside, which is still in the company in terms of profitability that 
even with the experiment, we have been able to increase our PAT dramatically in this 
particular quarter. As I said that this is an experiment and company is yet to decide on 
how to take this in a long-forward basis. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just clarification on this particular part. In the past also, whenever the customer 
essentially would use a discount coupon, there would be a convenience charge. Is it 
any different from the way it used to work earlier? 
Prashant Pitti: 
It's the same, but in certain sectors, what we have done is we have removed the no 
convenience fees with a coupon, which was automatically applied. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay. And finally, just to prod you further on that GBR outlook, I understand the focus 
essentially is on profitability maximization but for any P&L, (Inaudible 12:21) always 
tends to start from the top and thereby, how should we be thinking about our GBR 
growth now for FY2024? 
Prashant Pitti: 
It would be hard for us to comment at this particular moment. Our GBR has done better 
for H1 FY24 compared to H1 FY23, our H1 FY24 GBR numbers are up by around 
20%, and we would want to continue focusing on the profitability and hence, the focus 
on GBR is slightly lesser for this particular year. But none the less it would continue 
to grow. 
Manik Taneja: 
So, should one assume probably a 20% to 25% kind of a growth in GBR for FY2024? 
Prashant Pitti: 
That seems like a realistic number to look at. 
Manik Taneja: 
Finally, a clarification question on the marketing and sales promotion before I get back 
into the queue. These expenses have come down to about 0.7% of GBR this quarter. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
In the past, you had talked about this number being 1% - 1.1%. So, on a go-forward 
basis, what should be the outlook on this front? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Again, we will take these calls as for every particular quarter, depending for this 
particular quarter, we wanted to maximize our profitability, as I mentioned and this 
year, we have a goal of attaining INR 250 crores as profitability, profit before tax. So, 
we would basically take this call as per our needs and as per our targets. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sakshee from Svan Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Sakshee: 
I wanted to understand that even though the bookings have gone up in this quarter, 
what has led to a decrease in the payment gateway charges? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Payment gateway charges, basically, as a percentage was 0.7%, now it is 0.6%. As 
more and more UPI gets adopted, the payment gateway charges reduces for us because 
we pay almost negligible payment gateway charges if people use more UPI to make 
the transaction. So, in fact, this is one of our very big upsides which is waiting for our 
company. As more and more UPI transactions happen, this 0.6% should also further 
reduce. 
Sakshee: 
Okay, that's great. So, what will be the percentage of the UPI users as a percentage of 
the total users? 
Prashant Pitti: 
I think about 30% - 35%, if my memory is serving me right, 30% - 35% of our 
transactions are UPI and remaining our non-UPI transactions at the moment. 
Sakshee: 
Other thing I wanted to understand was on your hotel package revenue. So even though 
on a quarter-on-quarter basis, the volume is down, can you explain the increase in the 
revenue that we have reported? 
Prashant Pitti: 
The overall total bookings have increased compared to the last quarter by 60%. So, I 
don't know when you're saying that it is quarter-on-quarter basis, it is down. What do 
you mean by that? See, you can't compare quarter-on-quarter. Q1 vs Q2 are very 
different quarters. Q1 is very high on tourism, while Q2 is a leaner period and hence, 
it's better to compare to the last year rather than compare quarter-on-quarter. Each 
quarter exhibits a very different kind of behaviour as travel is a very seasonal business. 
Sakshee: 
Right, that's fine. I mean I understand the seasonality. I just want to understand that the 
revenue that we have reported for the hotel business this year is close to INR 13 crores, 
right? Whereas the same in the last quarter was INR 1.8 crores. I'm not able to 
understand how we have seen such a sharp increase in the revenue. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Prashant Pitti: 
Okay. So basically, it's not just the hotel, it's hotel and holidays. And if we get a (MICE 
16:21) booking, that also gets reported into it, and that could be one of those things as 
well. 
Sakshee: 
No, but in terms of your overall volume would be lower in the second quarter, then 
how can the revenue jump from INR 2 crores to INR 13.5 crores? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Because you are comparing with the previous quarter. But if you compare, it is last 
year same quarter, it was INR 9 crores as against INR 13 crores in this quarter and last 
quarter, basically we paid a discount in total business. So that's why the net revenue 
was flat. 
Sakshee: 
Last year same quarter, it was INR 1.7 crores. 
Ashish Bansal: 
INR 9 crores was the 6-month number and INR 1.7 crores was the last year number. 
Sakshee: 
Right, I just want to understand that is there a difference in the reporting or is there that 
the discounts were much higher earlier, which are not the case in this quarter? Can you 
explain that?  
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, earlier discount was higher. 
Sakshee: 
So that's the only reason? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhuchanda Dey from MC Pro. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one is a little bit of a housekeeping one. In the 
INR 141.7 crores revenue that you have reported in this quarter, what would be the 
share of the convenience fee charged? 
Prashant Pitti: 
We do not disclose the breakup. Just like any other competitor, we usually don't 
disclose the breakup between the various ways by which we earn. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
The reason why I'm asking you this question is because the adjusted revenue to GBR, 
which was hovering in range of 8% because the only revenue stream was a take rate 
from predominantly airlines, that has now moved up to 10.5% obviously, because of 
the convenience fee you're charging. So, for us to model your future revenue stream, 
how do we go about it, honestly, without knowing this number? 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Prashant Pitti: 
That’s a fair question. For the time being, we do not disclose the breakup just like our 
competitors. At this moment, I would just encourage you to look at the current numbers 
and wait for the next quarter. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Fair point. So, which means that if you could throw some colour on whether there was 
a change in the take rate, or the take rates have almost remained the same? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Again, it’s a very confidential, private agreements between us and the airlines. None 
of the OTAs shared the exact breakup of the take rate. Again, I would not be able to 
say that, but there are multiple things which we have done. There is some – the GSA 
also has begun  from this particular quarter. Then we have also experimented with the 
convenience fee, as I mentioned earlier. So, there are multiple factors,  and there are 
multiple efforts as well from the entire team side, which has made our adjusted revenue 
take rate jump from 8.2% to 10.5%. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
Okay. So now I have a slightly broader question, and I would really appreciate a little 
detailed answer on this. There’s a big strategic shift that we see in this quarter. Your 
focus used to, I mean, whatever you had guided earlier was like a 50% jump in GBR. 
Your Ad sales promotion would continue to remain elevated, and you want to really 
not let go of the market share. So, there is a big shift that we see this quarter. What 
prompted the shift and what happens to the market share? 
Prashant Pitti: 
We are growing still better than the overall market. So hence, there's no thoughts of 
letting go of the market share. We would want to continue with the market share we 
have and gain a little bit more. However, as a strategic call, we have taken a call to be 
more aggressive on the PBT side, so that is in the GBR side. But nonetheless, PBT can 
only exist if there is GBR. So, it's not that we want to not focus on GBR side at all, but 
it's just that the company has taken a call of ensuring a very healthy profit for this 
particular year. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
My last question is on the receivables from GoAir, which you last disclosed was 
something like INR 70 crores. I have two sub-questions. First, if the figure of INR 70 
crores is higher or lower and secondly, do you intend writing that off from the P&L 
this year? 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, we are reviewing the same and we are hopeful that the airlines may start in this 
year only. So, we will take the call after convenience of the matter. 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
And sir, what is the outstanding as we speak? 
Ashish Bansal: 
The outstanding we have disclosed is the INR 72 crores. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Madhuchanda Dey: 
INR 72 crores, okay. I mean I had asked this question last quarter also. What is your 
policy with respect to receivables? Every organization has got some 180 days or 
something. 
Ashish Bansal: 
Yes, 180 days. We have policy, but it's a management decision and subject to Board 
approval.  But largely, our policy is 180 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Chandrasekar from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
I just wanted some colour on the hotel side. Firstly, what would be the contribution to 
overall gross booking revenues from the hotel side? and kind of looking ahead, what 
is your outlook here? What can the share of hotels go up to and does this kind of change 
with your change in focus towards profitability? Do you think that hotels with a higher 
take rate can kind of lead to this higher profitability focus also? Just wanted to get your 
broad sense on it and specifically for this quarter, maybe what was the share of the 
gross booking revenue? That will be helpful. 
Prashant Pitti: 
If you see our results, even for this particular half year or quarter, where for the half 
year, let's say, our Flight segment grew by 20%; Hotel grew by 90%; and Other 
services, Bus, Train and others, grew by 66%. So clearly, there's a very strong focus 
on the company side to be able to grow our total and other businesses, and the results 
are for there to see. The numbers are growing, and this number grew even despite us 
reducing our discounting in hotel segment. Even afterwards, the number grew pretty 
significantly and since we have been listed the last 2.5 years, more or less, every year 
and/or every quarter, I would say that we have delivered growth in our hotel number. 
So, the hotel number at the time of listing, which was almost insignificant, has come 
to a significant position. 
In terms of percentage of GBR, that number is not disclosed, but we take this as a 
request from next time onwards, maybe we can start disclosing this number as a 
percentage of GBR. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Going ahead, could you just touch upon like what your focus would be? Like are you 
still planning to further expand this and kind of focus on this segment, especially after 
that focus on profitability? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Absolutely. Basically, this decision is regardless of profitability because Hotel is 
anyways a better profitable segment. So, Hotel business, have been growing, as I said, 
in the last 2.5 years of being a public company, we have continuously grown our hotel 
business, and we continue to grow this business and make it a larger chunk of our 
overall business. 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Aditya Chandrasekar: 
Got it. Just a small request, if you can give the gross booking revenue split between 
Air, Hotels and Buses from the next quarter, that will be helpful. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Sure. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreya Mehra from Bonanza Portfolio Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Mehra: 
I would want to touch upon the question regarding marketing and sales expenses. In 
the previous quarter concalls, you had mentioned that those will be at an elevated level. 
Although, we see that in this quarter, it's come down to 0.7%, right? I just wanted to 
understand your guidance on the same for upcoming quarters. 
Prashant Pitti: 
In the last quarter, the number was about 1.1%, which at that moment, we thought that 
we would want to continue with it, but the company has taken a call to reduce the 
marketing expenditures and focus on the profitability, and the results are for us to see. 
The company has done fantabulously well in terms of profitability. This is our highest 
ever PAT which we have ever reported, INR 47 crores. 
Going forward, you could assume that the number would hover anywhere between 
0.7% to 1%. We cannot be very specific that it would be around 0.7% or 0.8%. It would 
basically depend a lot on competitive intensity and discounting which we are offering. 
It's a combination of multiple things. At this moment, I can say that it could vary 
anywhere between this number and 1% in the future as well. 
Shreya Mehra: 
One more question, which I would like to ask you is regarding your Diwali discounts. 
I wanted to understand what kind of impact we can expect in the upcoming quarter 
regarding these discounts which you've recently launched and as a percentage of GBR, 
the discount percentage is currently at 4%. So just wanted to understand whether we 
can see an increase in that percentage or what kind of impact will that have in the next 
quarter? 
Prashant Pitti: 
Again, it would be very hard for me to give any guidance around it. But one easier way 
for you to look at it is that if you see our Q3 of FY23 results, because that time also 
there was Diwali festival, so that would give you a decent guidance on how discounting 
changes from Q2 to Q3 and probably something similar is something which you can 
expect for this quarter as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manik Taneja from Axis Capital. Please go ahead. 
Manik Taneja: 
Just wanted to clarify, Prashant, on one thing. In the past, in some of your media 
interactions, you've spoken about targeting a PAT of INR 250 crores. So, from that 
standpoint, is this a revision in the outlook? 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Prashant Pitti: 
I've always maintained the profitability of INR 250 crores. At this time, it's better 
disclosures, profit before tax, what we've mentioned. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay, and the second question was with regards to the arrangement that we had with 
SpiceJet, where in we were looking to essentially get into a collaboration and by virtue 
of which we would have simply get higher take rates. Is that what is driving much 
higher profitability or take rates for us in the current quarter? and if you could help us 
understand that arrangement further. 
Prashant Pitti: 
So yes, we have a GSA with SpiceJet, and it began from 1st August 2023 onwards. So, 
there is an impact of that. But as you would also know that the SpiceJet overall 
percentage is around 10% - 11% of the total market share. So that's the level of impact 
it would probably bring to the table. 
Manik Taneja: 
Okay, and finally, once again, trying to understand this statement on the Hotel booking 
numbers and the Hotel and Packages revenue numbers. When one looks at the volume 
numbers, that number essentially on a sequential basis is down very sharply. But when 
I look at that revenue number, that number essentially has gone up to from INR 1.9 
crores to about INR 13.6 crores. So just trying to understand the accounting treatment 
over here because of which we are seeing this discrepancy. 
Prashant Pitti: 
There is no accounting discrepancy over here. It’s just that in the revenues, we have to 
subtract the discounts which we have given to the customers. That discount gets 
subtracted. So hence, if the discount, let's say, if you're getting 12% - 13% commission 
from the hotel vendors and if you provide the entirety of that money to the customers 
as a discount, then essentially our revenue becomes almost 0 and if we keep, let's say, 
half of it for ourselves, you see a significant jump in that particular number. 
It's basically a function of how much discount are we giving to our customers on the 
hotel and packages and on the basis of that, that number can see a spike. Last particular 
quarter, we saw a loss overall in the total numbers probably because we gave a little 
bit more discount, as I mentioned in my past call and this time, we have corrected 
ourselves. 
Manik Taneja: 
So just to clarify on the discounting number, if I look at the blended total discount to 
customers, that number increased from Q1 to Q2, both in absolute terms as a 
percentage of GBR. So, did we give more discount on other segments and thereby 
that's explaining the. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Correct. That makes sense. 
Manik Taneja: 
And what would be these elements? Would it be Airlines ? 

 
 
Easy Trip Planners Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Prashant Pitti: 
Yes. See, overall, it is airlines. As 90% of our business is still airlines, it would be 
Airlines, right? So hence, the Airline probably got likely more discounts and Hotel got 
a little bit lesser discount and hence, even when the Hotel got a lesser discount, on an 
overall basis, you are seeing more discounts in this particular quarter. 
Manik Taneja: 
No, so slightly confused with this. When you on the same side, you are saying that we 
are now trying to be much more prudent, less discounting, even charging convenience 
fees in certain sectors. 
Prashant Pitti: 
In the flight sector, what happens is if you are charging convenience fee, customers 
can avail other discount options, so which is why discount as a percentage per flight 
has gone up in the flight segment. Specifically, we are charging convenience fee. We 
give customer an option to choose any other discount coupon, which is why the 
discounts went up. 
Manik Taneja: 
No, but by that logic, then the net take rates should not be changing. Your gross take 
rate increases, your discount increases and, thereby, net take rates should not be 
increasing. In our case, what we've seen is that net take rate has gone up. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Yes. But not in all cases people choose to apply a discount coupon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Prashant Pitti: 
Thank you everyone, for joining us here today. The quarter ended on a positive note. 
We remain optimistic for the strong growth trajectory for our comprehensive portfolio 
of the services and excited about the opportunity that lie ahead of us with a strong value 
proposition to deliver sustainable performances. We look forward to meeting you in 
the next quarter. Please stay safe and healthy, and feel free to reach us in case of any 
questions that remain unanswered. Thank you once again. 
 
 
