5paisa Capital Limited 
 
Registered Office: IIFL House, Sun Infotech Park, Road No.16V, Plot No. B-23, Wagle Estate, Thane - 400604  
Tel.: +91 22 41035000 I E-mail: support@5paisa.com I Website: www.5paisa.com I CIN: L67190MH2007PLC289249 
 
 
October 26, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001. 
Tel No.: 22721233 
Fax No.: 22723719/22723121/22722037/  
BSE Scrip Code: 540776 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400051. 
Tel No.: 2659 8235 Fax No.: 26598237 
NSE Symbol: 5PAISA 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:- Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023: 
 
In continuation of our letter dated October 11, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of Earnings Call 
held on Thursday, October 19, 2023 for discussing financial and operational performance of the 
Company for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023 has been made available on the 
website of the Company at; 
 
https://storage.googleapis.com/5paisa-prod-storage/files/investor_relations/2023-
10/Transcription%20of%205%20Paisa%20Capital%20Limited%20Q2FY24%20Conference%20Call%20
-%20final.pdf 
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For 5paisa Capital Limited 
 
 
 
______________________ 
Namita Godbole 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ICSI Membership No.: A21056 
 
Email ID: csteam@5paisa.com 
Namita 
Amod 
Godbole
Digitally signed by 
Namita Amod 
Godbole 
Date: 2023.10.26 
21:24:30 +05'30'

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 1                                                           19.10.2023 
 
 
5paisa Capital Limited  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
Event Date / Time          :  19/10/2023, 12:00 Hrs. 
              
   Event Duration               :  58 mins 20 secs 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
      Mr. Narayan Gangadhar 
      Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer 
 
   Mr. Gourav Munjal 
   Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer 
 
Q&A PARTICIPANTS: 
 
1. Arasan M 
 
: Individual Investor 
2. Sumit Jankar  
: Individual Investor 
3. Kajal Gandhi  
: ICICI Direct 
4. Nemin Doshi  
: Motilal Oswal 
5. Deepak 
 
: Sapphire Capital 
6. Rishikesh Oza 
: Robo Capital 
7. Abhishek Saraf 
: Individual Investor 
8. Anshul Mittal 
: Tiger Assets 
9. Franklin Moraes 
: Equentis Wealth Advisory 
10. Shreyans 
 
: Electrum PMS 
 
 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 2                                                           19.10.2023 
 
 
Moderator 
 
Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. I'm Vidya, moderator for the conference call. Welcome to 5paisa 
Capital Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us today, Mr. Narayan Gangadhar, MD 
and CEO, 5paisa Capital Limited; and Mr. Gaurav Munjal, Whole-Time Director and CFO, 5paisa Capital 
Limited. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the 
conference call, please signal and operator by pressing * and then 0 on your touch tone telephone. Please 
note this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand over the floor to the management. Thank 
you and over to you. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Hi, everyone. Good afternoon and welcome to our Q2 FY24 earnings call. On the call I'm joined with Mr. 
Gaurav Munjal, our Chief Financial Officer. The markets have continued to perform reasonably well, and 
customer sentiment continues to remain strong. Q2 FY24 has been a milestone quarter for the entire 
industry, as we've added 9-million-plus demat accounts, 51% growth from Q1 of FY24 across India. We 
ended this quarter with 3.7 million accounts. We have acquired 1.35 lakh customers this quarter, a 25% 
QoQ growth, with all our efforts focused on quality acquisition and improving cost efficiency. We have 
succeeded in achieving the highest ever revenue of INR 96.9 crores, 15% growth on a QoQ basis, and 21% 
on YoY basis. The quarter profit in Q2 FY24 of INR 19.1 crore that is a growth of 31% QoQ and 78% YoY, 
along with the highest PAT margins of 20% this quarter. 
 
We are very glad to report strong growth in our retail ADTO segments, and our overall ADTO market share 
stands at 3.23%. That represents a 27% QoQ growth. This quarter, we made significant improvements to 
our overall MarTech stack by standardizing our tools, fixing data attribution and introducing best-in-class 
frameworks to measure efficiency on our digital platforms. We are well-placed to scale our acquisition 
channels due to the investments we have made in our KYC journey or One Click identity integration, 
pipeline optimization and effective personalization. Our superior technology investments in this domain 
will help us scale our top of the funnel over the coming quarters. Our focus remains building a scalable 
digital acquisition engine to attract new core customers to our platform. 
 
This quarter, we have begun investing in artificial intelligence and data science to offer a better suite of 
products to our customer cohorts. This past month, we launched several data science models to 
understand dormancy and optimize trading behavior while minimizing the risk for our customers. While 
this is a brand-new domain for 5paisa, we are very excited about the prospects of integrating AI into our 
product offerings. We will be talking more about these initiatives in the coming quarters. This quarter on 
the product side, we've made many significant updates largely tailored to our traders. We launched our 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 3                                                           19.10.2023 
new Micro Charts products, which is integrated and available across all our platforms in Beta. With this, 
traders can expect better SLAs and throughputs while placing large orders during peak periods. 
 
We've introduced a lot of trader-oriented features such as predefined options strategies, like Bull Call, 
Spread, Straddle, Condor, Butterfly et cetera. We have fully integrated trading view Webhook into our 
FnO 360 platform. Our customers will now be able to generate links from our platform and connect with 
trading view alerts to place orders based on pricing. In addition, we also introduced the trading of BSE 
options on all our platforms. These features that I just talked about are the best-in-class in the industry, 
and they raise the bar for innovation in the trading space. Over several years, 5P, 5paisa has innovated 
fast for our customers. However, this time, our products across iOS, that is Apple, Android, and web have 
grown disparately with each other. 
 
Now while this is true of most products in the industry, I believe our customers deserve a standardized 
best-in-class consistent experience. Therefore, I'm excited to announce that we have launched a major 
technology project to overhaul our product offerings and make them consistent across all three platforms. 
This new product launch will be our largest offering in many years. It will help us innovate faster, reduce 
technical depth, while helping us launch multiple categories very quickly across platforms. While this is 
our largest project launch in many years, I expect the full rollout to take a couple of quarters. While we 
start early beta testing later this December. 
 
Our retail customers and trading investors stand to benefit greatly from these new capabilities, which will 
help to add flow much more smoothly across different platforms and product types. This, I believe, is the 
first of our overall product strategy to introduce cutting edge trading products to the market. 5P, the 
technology lead broking firm, our goal is to provide best-in-class trading platform for investors and traders 
alike. We will continue to provide technology and strategy updates as we chart the journey ahead. We 
continue to invest in technology and launch innovative products for our 3.7 million strong customers. 
 
With this, we would like to open the meeting to any questions. Thank you very much. Gaurav over to you. 
 
Gaurav Munjal 
 
Moderator, you can take the questions. 
 
Q&A 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session. If you have a 
question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your turn to ask the questions. If 
you would like to withdraw your request, you may do so by pressing * and 1 again. Ladies and gentlemen, 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 4                                                           19.10.2023 
if you have any questions please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. The first question comes from 
Arasan M, individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Arasan M 
 
Sir, I just have a query regarding component of bank balance. Could I just possibly know what is the 
segregation between what amount is owed to the customers, as in what has been deposited as margin 
and what actually belongs to as in the company? 
 
Gaurav Munjal 
 
So, FD balance is INR 1,588 crore. So, other financial liabilities is approximately INR 1,159 crore, so 
whatever the other financial liability remains belongs to the company. 
 
Arasan M 
 
Okay, so apart from the other revenues remaining. 
 
Gaurav Munjal 
 
Yes. 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Sumit Jankar, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Thank you for providing the opportunity, and congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my question 
is regarding the retail market share. The market share which is mentioned is 3.23%. So, is it overall market 
share or the cash market share? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar  
 
It is the overall market share. 
 
 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 5                                                           19.10.2023 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Overall. So, what can be the split for cash market share and the derivative market share 
 
Moderator 
 
Sir, sorry for interrupting. Sir, your voice is not audible clearly sir. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
So, what is cash and derivatives market share? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Actually, we don't share that segregated data, but I can tell you that overall it is in the range of 3-5% cash 
market and the same as in the F&O segment. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Okay. Sir, in last two quarters, the market share has grown by almost 20 basis point, which is over and 
above the growth of industry turnover. So, can you mention what has helped you and what could be your 
target market share in coming quarters? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
So, what has helped us is that over the last several months, we have focused heavily on launching trader-
specific features which are very well received by our customers. If you look at our product offering over 
just the last two months, right? There’s lots of new features that we're built. For example, users can now 
make decisions in derivative markets using heat maps, bits versus indices, OI build up and whatnot, right? 
All of these are best-in-class, and they are the first in the industry. 
 
So, a lot of these features have actually helped drive adoption to the platform, that's one. Second is that 
we continue to invest very heavily in our FnO 360 platform. And we have done a lot of work on developer 
APIs, which has improved our core infrastructure and market depth APIs and things like that. So, all of 
these product features ultimately have led to greater participation and obviously greater market share as 
a result of that as you see. 
 
 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 6                                                           19.10.2023 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Okay, and what could be your target market share? I mean, in coming quarters, how much growth you 
can see in the coming quarters? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, we generally don't talk, we generally don't think in terms of these kinds of metrics. The metrics which 
are important to us is we want to continue launching these features, so that our customers can be happy 
and they continue to trade more on our platform. Now, obviously, the growth that you have seen, our 
goal is obviously to accelerate and exceed that. But in our experience, I think our focus is really on actually 
winning the trading customers first. And to that end, some quarters, we may launch fewer features, some 
quarters, we will launch more features. So ultimately, we are not so interested in seeing a month-on-
month game plan, we are taking a much longer view. But overall, if you ask me, I would say that within 
the next year, we should be at least doubling from here on out, that's really where I want to take the 
company. 
 
Moderator  
 
The next question comes from Kajal Gandhi from ICICI Direct, please go ahead.  
 
Kajal Gandhi 
 
Hi, congratulations on the good set of numbers. So, what was the algo, if any in the overall volume? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
So, we don't discuss that information. As you can understand, it's a very sensitive information. But I can 
tell you it's a non-trivial part of our overall numbers, largely because we are one of the largest API and 
Algo players today in the industry. And I think that's a known fact. But for sensitivity of information we 
don’t really divulge. That said, it's a very central part of our overall order mix. 
 
Moderator  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any question, please press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
 
Nemin Doshi 
 
So, my question was regarding the client acquisition thing. So, how do we see plan our client acquisition 
strategy so as to gain market share as well as the model that you're developing on the platform front? So, 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 7                                                           19.10.2023 
what could be your strategy for client acquisition thing? Because that would drive the overall numbers as 
per. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, as we had discussed that, our company currently, we are on the cusp of digitalization, okay. So, in 
the past, we had historically under invested in the MarTech capabilities, which is why we could not really 
scale acquisitions very quickly. Now, over this past quarter, obviously things have changed. We have 
undertaken a couple of major initiatives, one of them is a total rehaul of our MarTech stack. And the 
MarTech stack holds the key to actually scale. 
 
So, how are we fixing it? One is, we are building new capabilities on the MarTech side, we are building 
new technology systems, we are deploying them, we are fixing data issues. Because as over the last 7, 8 
years, there have been lots of legacy that has been built up which we are currently moving beyond. So 
that's one point. 
 
Second is, as you may have noticed, we have completely rehauled our KYC platform. It's currently in the 
Beta stage. And we plan on launching the new KYC by the end of November. So as these new products 
come to light, the journey is going to be very seamless for customers. So, these are main two initiatives 
we are taking. Of course, now in addition to that, what we also will do is through this quarter, as MarTech 
stack continues to ready, and I have discussed this in my opening earnings script. 
 
What we plan on doing is plan on scaling more, we plan on expanding the top of the funnel, and we plan 
on introducing the 5paisa product offering to Tier 2, Tier 3 customers and beyond. Because we believe 
the market is currently still expanding and a lot of that growth comes from these cities, which we want to 
target. So, it's really three things, fix the product, fix the tech, get the MarTech capabilities which we are 
already doing, and over the coming quarter continue to scale it further. That's really it. 
 
Nemin Doshi  
 
Got it. So, with the same thing, considering the competition, how do you see as to, because we are still in 
the nascent stage, and we are yet to see the growth in terms of customer acquisition in terms of market 
share as well. So, considering competition, how do you view as the overall industry in front of you? How 
do you go about it? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, it's interesting. If you just look at the industry. I mean, the answer is actually in the history itself. If 
you were to ask me this question three years ago, there would be no Groww or Upstox in the picture at 
all. The top five looks completely different. Now if you look, just within two years, the entire landscape 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 8                                                           19.10.2023 
has turned upside down, right? So, actually, what is in demand right now is there is no clear winner. That 
is really hard. Yes, it is true that the number one player seems to have taken away the market, but again, 
this market, it is the product experience is changing and customer expectations are changing big-time. To 
give you an example, if you take the number of traders in the last year, that number itself has grown by 
about 40%. So, their needs, their requirements, their product offerings are changing very rapidly. So, 
everybody is trying to figure it out. 
 
So what I see is that, when I look at the industry going forward, what we are going to bet on is, how can 
we create a space for these high-end traders and build a very deep and a very, like a defense and depth 
type product offering, which allows us to enhance and launch newer strategies, newer models, which are 
not available on any other platform. And that's why if you look at all our earnings call, my focus is largely 
on features that we have introduced for traders, because that's where the puck is skating. 
 
Nemin Doshi  
 
So, is it fair to say you would focus more towards the derivative segment of the customers? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes, that is definitely one of the areas we're focusing on. Obviously, cash is also important. But between 
the two, yes, I think the derivative part is more where the innovation is happening. Other products, they 
have kind of reached that right risk reward profile. So, there's not much in terms of new products that can 
come in on the cash side. 
 
Nemin Doshi 
 
Got it. And lastly, if we consider this overall tech, the tech infrastructure, that you're going to develop. So, 
how long will this last and how do you see this shaping in coming years? So, basically, how long does it 
take the investment journey to complete? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes, it's a great question. See, as I mentioned in the call, right? See, we are right now on taking a major 
rehaul of the 5paisa app. See, our app is already rated. If you compare my rating, that is our 5paisa's rating 
with Groww and Upstox, we are also at 4.3, 4.4, and they are also at 4.3, 4.4. In fact, I would say 5P is 
within the top 3 as far as the product rating is concerned. Now, what has happened is that, because our 
product experience is not consistent across iOS, that is across your Apple iPhone, and across your Android 
phone, customers are obviously aware about it. There the customer bar itself has gone up. So, what I think 
is that I am looking at a couple of quarters of baseline development. And I expect that by the time we exit 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                 9                                                           19.10.2023 
this calendar year, most of the core work would have already landed. And then post that this is just 
continuous provision. 
 
Moderator  
 
The next question comes from Deepak from sapphire capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak 
 
Sir, I just want to understand, you mentioned somewhere in one year we are looking to double the market 
share, is that right?  
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes, that's right.  
 
Deepak 
 
So, from 3% and 3.25%-odd we are looking at 6.5% of market share. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
That's our goal. That's our target. 
 
Deepak  
 
Okay, understood. And what it means for the revenue? I mean, if your market share doubles, ideally your 
revenue should also double or how should one look at? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, I think, whenever you're in this phase, currently as we discussed, the market is expanding. Okay. So, 
in a rapidly expanding market, the focus really has to be only on growth, because otherwise we will be 
completely irrelevant in another three years from now. So, to continue to expand and improve our 
presence in the entire marketplace, we will continue accelerating our investment pipeline, which is our 
customer acquisition pipeline. Obviously, when you're targeting growth, clearly sometimes the revenue 
it doesn't grow, doesn't go one-on-one in hand. It's not like there is direct correlation. That never happens 
in any business, not just this, but any business.  
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                10                                                           19.10.2023 
So, the way we are thinking about it is that we know that we want to run the business within the current 
operating model that you're already seeing, right? For example, you saw how much profits we made, what 
margins we have, it's all open book. So, my plan is we want to continue maintaining that framework and 
that's how we are operating the company ahead. So, I can't give you a straight answer as to what whether 
the revenue will grow in straight line or whatnot, but you can expect that it will be in the same ballpark in 
the same measure as it has been so far. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Just so we add in this, you understand in the broking industry we have broking allied, cross-sell and others. 
So, ADTO and all is related to the broking. But that MTF income and DP income is not related to the ADTO. 
Ideally it should be in that direction, but there is no one-to-one 100% correlation between these two. 
 
Deepak 
 
I understand that. But ideally if my market share doubles, ideally at least my revenue should be up by 
50%, 60%, 70%. Right? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes, that’s right. 
 
Deepak 
 
That is a fair understanding, right?  
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
Yes, that is based on past experience. Based on past experience your understanding is correct, but we 
don't know how that in the future market will react. 
 
Deepak  
 
Of course. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
One important point, Deepak, to remember is that these customers. See, when we acquire customers and 
as the market share continues to scale, many of the customers would not have aged in the system. So, for 
actually seeing the real run rate of revenue, you'll have to wait for about eight or nine months. You have 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                11                                                           19.10.2023 
to give at least two, three quarters beyond the acquisition point to see the whole effect of it. One great 
example is, if you look at some of our competitors, people who have gone up on an aggressive acquisition 
spree, say about a year back, if you look at their revenue today, the numbers are looking very solid because 
obviously they are reaping dividends of what they've already sown. So, when we look at our revenue 
pipeline, I think you will see a mix of both, you will see mix of new revenue, as well as you will see existing 
participation increase and that's really what we are focused on. 
 
Deepak 
 
Correct. Fair enough. I got it. I mean, in terms of margins also, because your fixed cost is largely it will not 
grow at the same rate and your revenue is increasing. It has been on an increasing trend. So, ideally that 
is helping your EBITDA margin. I mean, if you see last maybe even what 9, 10 quarters you have been 
straight increasing our EBITDA margin from 10-11% to now 35% rate and that's a commendable job we 
have done. But what's the steady state we are looking at? I mean, it cannot keep increasing, right? So, 
there must be some threshold we are looking at that this is the range where we want to stabilize our 
EBITDA margin, given our investment in technology as well as in marketing. So, what is the management 
thought process on that? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, our thought process is like any healthy business. Currently you see this EBITDA growth and right now 
we are at this number of 35% as you yourself have said, right? So, obviously, we want to continue to keep 
this and perhaps even grow it to a certain degree. But clearly, we cannot expect the 50%-plus EBITDA 
margin, because that makes no business sense, because then we are leaving the table because we need 
to go acquire customer. So, ultimately, I think we will be somewhere in the same range like we are in right 
now, perhaps it will be actually better, but overall our focus will be on top line and increasing the top of 
the funnel. 
 
Deepak 
 
Fair enough. So, our 35-40% range would be a right number?  
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
That's the right number. It's very healthy range for anyone like us. 
 
Deepak 
 
Okay. And this quarter numbers includes the full impact of our acquisition, right?  
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                12                                                           19.10.2023 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. Whatever you're seeing is fully accounted, yes.  
 
Deepak 
 
Fully accounted, right, the acquisition numbers. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. 
 
Deepak  
 
So, why your gross line numbers have not changed? I mean, this gross line number of 3.73 million does 
not include that additional 2.75 million or 1.5 million, I think, that we got from the acquisition. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes, it has changed. So, in this quarter, we have acquired 1.35 million, earlier we have acquired 1.08 
million. So, if we add, it will come 2.43 million, which is matching with our opening figure. 
 
Moderator  
 
The next question comes from Rishikesh from Robo Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Sir, my first question is with respect to the client acquisition. So, QoQ we have grown 25% there. How do 
we see this growth in coming few quarters? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar  
 
We see it accelerating. But one thing to remember is that, specifically this month and the next month 
because of this Diwali season and because of this cricket craze that is going on, all the inventory costs 
have gone through the roof. So, almost all digital players, unless they are the largest ones like Flipkart and 
all, every other player who is in our category, the spend and accordingly the acquisitions are likely to be 
muted, just because this doesn't make sense to overspend at this, especially for the coming months. But 
if you take those two aside, I think the overall trajectory for us is likely to be the same and even increase 
going forward. 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                13                                                           19.10.2023 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Okay. So, in last quarter you had alluded that a QoQ acquisitions once the processes have built to some 
point, QoQ customer acquisition can be 15% around. So, is it fair to say this will be a sustainable growth 
number QoQ?  
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. If you take the trailing, yes, that is what we are aiming for. Yes, that's correct. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
And sir my next question is actually on the cost structure. So, we have roughly INR 140 crores OpEx in 
total expenses in this H1, so roughly INR 280 crores for the year. How do you see this cost structure 
growing for the next one or two years? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
I will answer the first part and Gaurav will take over. See, basically the way it is, is that a lot of these cost 
structures are already amortized than they are accounted for. Our existing cost structure is not likely to 
change very dramatically, because a lot of the team building that's going on and a lot of the spends that 
is going on is actually replacement spend. So, yes, it may go up slightly by maybe 10%, 15% whatever the 
number is. But we don't expect that to change dramatically. Okay. Now with that, I'll let Gaurav take the 
question also and he can give his perspective on how he's thinking about it. 
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
So, most of the cost has stabilized. People cost, tech cost and everything. But in other expenditures, there 
is an advertisement and branding costs, which is purely dependent on the market acquisition. So, if we 
see the opportunity in the market that we can acquire double customers, so the costs will go up related 
to that aspect only. And then, second, we are also looking for some investment in technologies, but that 
would not be much, it would be hardly 5% to 7% increase in existing costs, and other costs will be the 
same. 
 
Rishikesh Oza 
 
Okay. But if you're looking to double our market share, can we say that maybe 50% correlation within the 
revenues also? So, if cost structure is not going up and maybe ad expense might not go up that much, the 
margin should actually increase, right? 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                14                                                           19.10.2023 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
I haven't said that the cost will not go up. I said that, in respect of advertisement and marketing, it will go 
up, because we need to acquire more and more customers and in that respect the cost will go. 
 
Moderator  
 
The next question comes from Abhishek Saraf, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Abhishek Saraf 
 
So, my question pertains to the growth and the way we are trying to expand into Tier 2 and Tier 3. So, first 
of all, we all know that the profitability at trader level is quite minimal, means, not many traders are able 
to make profits. So, I wanted to understand, how will this impact our stickiness going forward? Are you 
seeing any trends shift in the way the individual traders are able to make profits, are more traders able to 
make profit, which will actually ensure that more stick around? 
 
Secondly, since we are venturing into Tier 2, Tier 3, how is the behavior of such traders different from, say 
a more steeped into like Tier 1 towns? So, is there any difference in the behavior of such customers? And 
what kind of impact that can have on our margins? And lastly, zero-day expiry, how are you seeing this? 
Because other industry players expect that their margins will kind of lower, although that will have an 
impact on volume in a positive way. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar  
 
Okay. You’ve asked three questions. We'll go one by one. So, basically, the customer behavior today has 
not been any different than customer behavior even 10 years ago. The actual on an absolute basis the 
number of people who make money in the market and for whom this risk, this profile of investment makes 
sense, that is always likely to give the same percentage. It's not like today customers are losing more than 
what they were losing 10 years back, that's not true at all. Right?  
 
What has happened is that more awareness coming into the market, financial products such as mutual 
funds have taken off in a big way. So, if you look, the actual majority growth is headed is going in that 
direction actually. Now for our industry, what we are noticing is that the sophistication of traders is 
dramatically increasing and that is a more interesting trend actually, because if those customers, those 
top 10%, 20% customers, they are the ones who actually drive-up margins and drive-up the economies of 
scale for pretty much everybody else, they kind of amortize it for people like us. So, we can offer the 
product to all. So, is that trend changing? No, I don't see that trend changing and I don't think there's any 
negative bearing also on the market. So, that's first part and the participation. 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                15                                                           19.10.2023 
 
The second part is that, as the penetration in India increases and we have data from US, from South Korea, 
from China if you look, the actual volume, the number of these high-end traders is only going to increase. 
And there the participation in terms of ADTO is actually only going to keep rising. And we have data going 
back 10 years to prove that in India and we have data over the last 30 years to prove that from either US 
or China or even South Korea. So overall, I think our economy is not any different than these economies. 
We’re all growing at a very rapid speed. And with the customer profile and the risk profile available in the 
market, I expect that the retail participation will continue to remain strong, including from traders.  
 
Now, as far as your other question on margin is concerned. See, we have already answered that earlier. I 
expect that this is a business that can run within this 35% to 40% margin as we have discussed earlier, 
because our goal clearly is, yes, we can run it even at higher margin, but that's not the goal. The goal is 
right now to expand the market. So, that's really our single pointed focus is how do we get more products, 
how do we get more new platforms in the hands of customers so that they can get familiar with this equity 
class and continue to trade. And if you look in every single earnings call I've given here, you can see that 
my focus is largely on that, because I talk about those features only. 
 
Abhishek Saraf 
 
If you can share your thoughts on the Zero Day Expiry product, so how is it going to impact our business? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Actually Gourav, can you share any data that we have seen from the last two, three months on this? So, 
let Gourav add to this point. Gourav, go ahead. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, the question is regarding that Everyday Expiry, right?  
 
Narayan Gangadhar  
 
Yes. 
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
Okay. So, overall the volume has gone up in the exchanges side and we are expecting that volume will be 
going up even in future with more participation of the customers. And most of the volume is increasing in 
the option turnover. So, that will impact our revenue, which will be in the positive side, and it will help us 
to increase our margins also. 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                16                                                           19.10.2023 
 
Moderator  
 
The next question comes from Anshul Mittal from Tiger Assets. Please go ahead.  
 
Anshul Mittal 
 
We are planning to double our market share in next one year. So, I just want to know, how exactly are we 
doing that? How are you going to do that? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
See, first of all, asking that question in a public forum, you are not going to get an answer from any CEO, 
because that is our secret sauce. Anyway, I can give you an overall idea. See, the overall idea is that, the 
reason we are investing in MarTech capabilities is because we can spend on the top of the funnel to 
acquire customers. So far, our company had never really invested in MarTech capabilities at all. Our 
investments are underwhelming.  
 
Now we are doing a total revamp of that. So, one is by improving that core technology which allows us to 
spend more money and allows us to get customers at a more efficient scale. That's one. Second is, we are 
aggressively investing in building new data science models that help us understand how to curate 
customers. And this is something that I've discussed in this earnings call earlier, right? I expect that a good 
percentage of the facelift will just come from these projects. And this is where a lot of the innovation is 
going to happen, because currently as new customers come online their onboarding experience becomes 
extremely critical.  
 
So, focusing on the KYC journey, focusing on the first trade, focusing on understanding, decluttering the 
product, all of these things will help us build our brand presence across the platform. So, we also plan on 
investing more in brand assets. So far, we have not done any of that. But as we look at our growth strategy, 
it's going to be multi-four, it's going to be product, it's going to be a mix of brand, it's going to be a mix of 
performance market and such, in addition to organic, obviously. 
 
Anshul Mittal 
 
So, since, Narayan Gangadhar, you're now onboard 5paisa, how are you revamping this management? 
How are you like making changes? What plans do you have in mind? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar  
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                17                                                           19.10.2023 
See, we are obviously, as you know now. For two quarters, we have said this, that we are continuing to 
invest in technology, that is, I think, a big area of focus and priority. So, clearly those investments, some 
of those have already finished, some of those are already in progress, and some of those will take place 
over the next quarters or so. So, my overall strategy is to focus on this part, build these tech capabilities. 
And in addition, we have a very solid team, but there are some parts of that teams which needs to be up 
leveled. So, we are continuing to attract new talents to the company. Because obviously, the kind of 
problems we are solving now are also changing with time. So, my plan is that I plan on revamping and 
rebuilding this new product offering with the new teams, that's already in place, and we continue to scale 
from here on out. So that's how we’re looking. 
 
Moderator 
 
The next question comes from Franklin from Equentis Wealth Advisory, please go ahead. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
So, I wanted to know what are your average yield and margin for the MTF book? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
MTF book, we have 18% to 22%. It is based on the net worth of the customer, but the range is 18% to 22% 
per annum. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
Okay. And what is the margin that you will be getting on this? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, exchange defines the margin, it’s script wise. Most of the securities, I mean, they want it at 25% 
upfront. 
 
Franklin Moraes  
 
I was asking about net interest margin after adjusting for your cost of funds. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                18                                                           19.10.2023 
So, we do have a INR 500 crores of net worth, in which we have own funds as well as the banking facility 
also. But overall, I can tell you that, right now 11% of the costing is coming, it’s the cost for overall industry 
and we are getting 18% to 19%. So, the difference, 7% to 9% is the spread. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
And what is the outlook for this book? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, we have improved that. I mean, we have mentioned in our investor presentation that it is a INR 269 
crore, but that was the average. So, even the average has gone up by 20%. But if I tell you that on 30th 
September, it has crossed INR 300 crore. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
Okay. Because at the industry level, I've seen, a lot of players have scaled up this book. So, I was just trying 
to understand maybe from a 1-2 year perspective, can we see meaningful increase even from these levels? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, I understand that what you are referring to that, but they are also not earning anything on that. They 
have reduced the cost drastically. I mean, they're just recovering costs. So, they're not getting any profit 
on this. So, we want to grow this with the profit margin. So anyhow we won’t to be able to reach that 
level. I can't go with the 10% or 11%. But, yes, the competition is there, that may impact even in future. 
But let's see what will happen. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
And recently, last one year at least we have seen 250 basis point increase in costs. So, have we been able 
to pass on this entire cost for this book? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
No. As you know that in the MTF overall industry is have been reducing the rate and the competition is 
coming. So, in terms of income, we haven't changed it. But that 2.5% we have internally optimized it and 
that is not a 2.5%, it would be approximately 1.5% for us but that we are taking in our books. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                19                                                           19.10.2023 
Okay, so this 18% to 22% kind of range that would have been prevalent even in the last year as well. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. We haven't changed the interest rate on that. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
And sir, in the revenue mix you have a component - Others, which is about 24% of the overall revenues. 
What would be the broad two-three components within this? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Actually, majority is that interest on FD, which we earned from own funds as well as on the client funds. 
And apart from that, there is very small, that figure is in lakhs. But I can tell you, out of that 99.9% is 
interest on FD. 
 
Franklin Moraes 
 
Okay. And at least as SEBI circular says that they're in talks or planning to come up with an ASBA facility 
for secondary market as well. So, what is your approach on that in case we lose some of the float? 
 
Gaurav Munjal 
 
Yes, we can. We need to see that the how the industry will impact. So, even in the IPO people got so much 
confused. But in this, everyday trading, they may get confused, and they don't accept these kinds of 
facilities because it is optional. So, we need to review that how much it will impact, even the entire 
industry need to view that. And if acceptance is more then there will be drastic impact on that income, 
then definitely the entire broking industry may increase the broking income. They won't be able to do INR 
20 per trade. That's my belief. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. The next question comes from Shreyans from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
 
Shreyans 
 
What will be the impact on our interest income due to instantaneous settlement coming in? 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                20                                                           19.10.2023 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, I just answered on that, the recent circular ASBA is coming. So, if the client opts for that mode then 
other income can impact. But we need to see that when the circular will come and what exactly they want 
from investors as well as from the broker and how much it will affect, we need to review that. 
 
Shreyans 
 
No, sir. No, I'm not talking about ASBA, I'm talking about the instantaneous settlement. Like, right now, 
we are settling at T+1, right? If let's say, next year we moved to instant settlement. So, what will be the 
impact of that? Like float income will be reduced, right? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
No, it will not get impacted. There will not be much effect. See, most of the traders keep funds and for 
the intraday facility and all. So, the margin would be the exchange and they wanted to play with the 
intraday. And I understand there are settlements. So, if I need to settle in T+0, there will be no much 
impact for me, even on the interest rate. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. We have a follow up question from Deepak from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak 
 
Sir, you mentioned in one of the remarks, I think QoQ some 15% growth we are looking at. So, what 
exactly we are looking at there, I mean, which parameter we're talking about here and what is the 
parameter is for? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Our growth metric is basically the number of customers who have been acquired in the quarter. And that 
is obviously the meta metric. And then obviously, the other metric is, all other the metric such as revenue 
and others are derived from that. But the main metric is going top of the line, daily active customers. 
 
Deepak 
 
So that we're talking about is the active customer, right? The 18% QoQ. 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                21                                                           19.10.2023 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. 
 
Deepak 
 
And secondly, on this other income, I mean, the ASBA and all, will it impact or will it not, it depends upon 
the circular. So, what we are trying to say here? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
So, I just conveyed earlier that ASBA will come, and it may impact and it may not impact. But I don't know 
how much it will impact our financials. Because I need to see that how many investors have adopted that. 
And yes, if, let's say 10% of the customers are adopting that, then definitely the income will fall by 10% 
other income. But we can increase somewhere else, so that we can compensate our income on the total 
here. 
 
Deepak 
 
So, what exactly here we’re saying that the excess fund that is lying at maybe our account, 5paisa account, 
so that the customer chooses to transfer it back to their bank account. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
It will not be transferred. It will be in the customer bank account, and it will be blocked by the bank and 
the bank will send us to our RMS that these funds are blocked, that customer should don't do the trade. 
So, I can't earn interest on that then. 
 
Deepak 
 
Correct. So, that's how it will impact us. I mean, in that sense. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. Because ultimately the margin which we are keeping in the form of FD to the exchanges that we are 
getting the interest that you can't earn on that. Ultimately, customer will earn on same. 
Deepak 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                22                                                           19.10.2023 
Correct. Because earlier these funds are lying in your account, right? Largely. 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
Yes. Right now it is lying in accounts, yes. 
 
Deepak 
 
And by when we will get the clarity, I mean, in terms of timeline? 
 
Gourav Munjal  
 
Actually, we are in touch with SEBI. I mean, they will release a detailed circular along with all depositories 
and all, and then we'll see. I'm hoping that in the month of January they will issue the final guidelines and 
all. And they will also allow some time two to three months for the implementation. Actually, this requires 
a lot of integration on the banking side also because ultimately bank, broker and exchanges, all three 
should be in the line. So, there are systems that needs to be developed at the banking side also, and that's 
why it's taking time. 
 
Deepak 
 
But as of now, we are enjoying that interest income, right? 
 
Gourav Munjal 
 
As of now, we are, every broker is. 
 
Moderator   
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. We have a follow up question from Sumit Jankar, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
I have questions regarding algo trading. What I've seen is, the turnover coming through algo trading is 
rising QoQ, but it is mainly driven by premium customers, as it is not much cost efficient. So, how do you 
see it in coming years? Will it be affordable for retail clients, so that it is driving huge turnover? So, how 
do we look into the algo trading? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                23                                                           19.10.2023 
 
So see, actually, that's a very good question, okay. With algo trading, the main opportunity that we see is 
that we have the product easy to use for customers. And that, today's the biggest challenge, the biggest 
challenge in any platform, because they make it harder for people to actually go and start and test 
different strategies, deploy them on cloud and scale. So clearly, there's a room there where we can 
innovate. We are obviously the leader in the category. So, we are investing big time in building our 
features, so that with the right infrastructure capabilities and such, the algo guys can reap the benefit. 
 
Secondly, what the algo people want is other facilities such as colocation, they want the ability to run their 
own custom infrastructure. There's lots of other unique requirements like that, which make it 
technologically very challenging to actually provide it. But those are precisely the problems we're solving. 
So overall, I see algo participation will only grow from here on out and in fact is definitely here to stay. 
 
And your other question on whether the margins are depressed, that is not true actually. The margins are 
not depressed. It's just that these customers have a very different profile, the way we treat them, and the 
way they look for the kind of products and all is very, very different because their strategies are different. 
Other than that, there's no material difference actually, between them and a regular high-end retail 
customer. 
 
Sumit Jankar 
 
Okay, so will low margin customer will be able to trade in algo? 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. Not today, but in time, yes. In time, absolutely. Today, they can't trade it. Today, if they trade, they 
will likely not have the infrastructure, the tooling, the money and capabilities. But that is what we are 
building. So, I’m just saying in general for every platform, not just our platform. 
 
Moderator 
 
We have a follow up question from Abhishek Saraf, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhishek Saraf 
 
One small thing on our growth. So, we are definitely trying to grow 15% QoQ on acquisition. So, if you can 
share some of your thoughts on the stickiness of the customer, is what kinds of customers and what 
percentage of customers, let's say, stick with the platform for a year out to two year out and which type 
of customers, who engage in certain kind of product or type of trading? So, any broad level thoughts on 
this will be very helpful. 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                24                                                           19.10.2023 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
I think, honestly, majority of our customers are repeat customers. So, they are coming to the platform, 
they use the systems and as they build the experience, then they continue to improve their engagement 
with time. Now, obviously for those customers as they age in the system, we have to provide them the 
right products for their right risk profile, which is what 5paisa is focused on. So overall, I see that our 
retention numbers are very strong. Obviously, we don't discuss those numbers, they're very sensitive, but 
they're very strong, and I expect those only to get better with time. 
 
Abhishek Saraf  
 
Sir, the reason I asked is that because many traders or investors have multiple accounts. And as you rightly 
said, that once you're engaged in, let's say, a new customer or a new trading kind of customer, he will 
have multiple account, but slowly he will try to migrate towards one where he gets more used to it, and 
he has more comfort level. So, I was coming from that place, actually. 
 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes, I think they are, that's why product experience is the most important thing. If you look at customers, 
if you talk to any of the top customers, it's not like they prefer Zerodha to any other product. There is no 
such thing. It's a misconception. Ultimately, what they want is a stable, reliable platform, and they want 
a broker they can trust. So, if you look, the reason our customers trust us, is because they can pick up the 
phone, they can call us, we are engaged, and being we have maintained that good touch advantage with 
all our top clients. And obviously, we are also one of the few brokers who's heavily focused on traders. 
So, we've invested a lot in building capabilities for them, which obviously gives us a lot of leg-up advantage 
over many of our competitors. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. I repeat, ladies and gentlemen, if you have any questions, please press * and 1 on your telephone 
keypad. There are no further questions. Now I hand over the floor to the management for the closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
 
 
 

 
 
5paisa Capital Limited Q2FY24 Earnings Concall                25                                                           19.10.2023 
Narayan Gangadhar 
 
Yes. So, again thank you very much for this earnings call. We look forward to continuing the momentum 
and growth. And we will share the investor deck and everything online and we look forward to this call 
again next quarter. Thank you very much. Have a good day. 
 
Gaurav Munjal 
 
Thank you so much to all the investors. If you have any questions, you can mail to us at ir@5paisa.com. 
And I wish you Happy Diwali to all the investors. 
 
Moderator 
 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference for today. Thank you for your 
participation and for using Door Sabha’s conference call service. You may all disconnect your lines now. 
Thank you and have a good day everyone. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note:          1. This document has been edited to improve readability 
    
 
 
 
   2. Blanks in this transcript represent inaudible or incomprehensible words. 
 
 
