 
पंजीकृत काया[लय: सी -4, ͫ डिèĚÈट सɅटर, साकेत, नई Ǒदãलȣ - 110017, भारत 
Registered Office: C-4, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi - 110017, INDIA 
          Tel.: +91-11-26530266 Fax: +91-11-26854000, 26522000 | Email: info@ircon.org Web:www.ircon.org 
CIN: L45203DL1976GOI008171 
 
 
 
इरकॉन इंटरनेशनल ͧ लͧ मटेड 
(भारत सरकार का उपĐम) 
 
IRCON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
(A Govt. of India Undertaking)
An integrated Engineering and Construction Company 
IRCON/SECY/STEX/124                                                                                      14th November, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Listing Dept./ Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
बीएसई िलिमटेड 
िलİːंग िवभाग / कॉपŖरेट सेवा िवभाग  
पी. जे. टावसŊ, दलाल ːŌीट, 
मुंबई– 400001 
Scrip code / ID: 541956 / IRCON 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/I, G Block 
Bandra –Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East) Mumbai – 400051 
नेशनल ːॉक एƛचŐज ऑफ इंिडया िलिमटेड
िलİːंग िवभाग 
एƛचŐज ɘाजा, ɘॉट नं. सी./ आई. जी. ɰॉक, 
बांūा-कुलाŊ कॉ̱ ɘेƛ, बांūा (पूवŊ), मुंबई-400051 
Scrip Code: IRCON 
 
Sub: -  Transcript of the Q2FY2024 Earning Call held on Friday, 10th November, 2023/ शुŢवार, 
10 नवंबर, 2023 को आयोिजत Q2FY2024 आय कॉल की Ůितलेख 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 
2015 and in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 2nd November, 2023, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the post result Earning Call held on Friday, 10th November, 2023 to discuss the financial 
results of the Company for the second quarter ended on 30th September, 2023.   
 
In accordance with Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulation, 2015, the Transcript of the Analyst Conference Call is also available on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
the 
link 
https://www.ircon.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=226&Itemid=643&lang=en  
which can also be accessed through below mentioned path: 
 
www.ircon.org>> Investor Relations>> Presentation and Earning Calls>> Transcript of the Earning 
Call held on 10th November, 2023 for financial results for the second quarter ended on 30th September, 
2023.   
 
कृपया उपरोƅ जानकारी को įरकॉडŊ पर लŐ। 
 
धɊवाद, 
भवदीया,  
 
(įरतु अरोड़ा)/ (Ritu Arora) 
कɼनी सिचव एवं अनुपालन अिधकारी/ Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
सद˟ता Ţ./ Membership No.: FCS 5270 
Digitally signed by Ritu Arora 
Date: 2023.11.14 14:32:53 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
“Ircon International Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY'24 Analyst Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management 
Ircon international limited 
 
Mrs. Ragini Advani  
– Director Finance 
Mr. B. Mugunthan             – Chief Financial Officer and ED Finance  
Mr. Alin Roy Choudhury   – CGM Finance  
                 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I am Dorwin, the moderator for this 
conference call. I thank everyone for joining us today for the Ircon 
International Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Analyst Conference Call. At this 
moment, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later, we will conduct a 
question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please 
press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. 
Today, we have with us the senior management represented by Smt. 
Ragini Advani - Director Finance; Shri B Mugunthan - Chief Financial 
Officer and Executive Director of Finance, and Shri Alin Roy Choudhury - 
CGM Finance. 
I would like to remind you that some of the statements that will be made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature. It is subject to several 
risks and uncertainties and the actual results could materially differ. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Smt. Ragini Advani – Director 
(Finance) for the opening remarks, after which we will have the forum open 
for the interactive Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone. I am Ragini Advani - 
Director Finance, Ircon. On behalf of my team, I extend a warm welcome 
to you and thank you for your presence today at the Ircon’s Earning Call 
for second quarter and six months ended 30th September 2023. I have 
with me Shri. B Mugunthan - CFO and ED Finance; Shri Alin Roy 
Choudhury – CGM Finance and Shri Sachin Garg - DGM Finance. 
As you all are aware, we have recently been granted Navratna status from 
Government of India. With the grant of Navratna status, the company 
should be able to undertake larger size PPP projects and it will definitely 
enhance the market credibility of the company. We extend our heartfelt 
gratitude to all the stakeholders for their continuous and unwavering 
support, without which this would not have been possible. We shall 
continue to perform with greater zeal, zest and aspire to reach greater 
heights. I am pleased to report that your company has recorded highest 
ever turnover in the second quarter despite of seasonally weak quarter. 
Our teams have showcased remarkable dedication, profound technical 
expertise and an untiring commitment to conquer all challenges in this 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
period and deliver exceptional results. I am sure you have all had the 
opportunity to review the company's financial results and the presentation 
that we have submitted to the stock exchanges. 
Let me now take you through the financial performance of Q2 FY24. The 
company has reported total revenue of Rs.3,136 crores in Q2 FY24. This 
is up by 36% as compared to Rs.2,306 crores for the same period last year. 
PAT has increased by 44% to Rs.251 crore as compared to Rs.174 crore 
in Q2 FY23. Core EBITDA has also gone up by 16%. Earnings per share 
have gone up by Rs.2.67 per equity share in Q2 FY24 as against Rs.1.85 
per equity share in the last fiscal Q2 FY23 on a face value of Rs. 2 per 
share. Order book of the company as at 30th September 2023 stood at 
Rs.32,152 crore, which comprises 53% orders on competitive basis and 
balance on nomination basis. 92% of our orders book pertains to domestic 
business and 8% international. Currently, Ircon has 11 subsidiaries 
comprising renewable power, roads and highways companies. Ircon also 
has 7 joint venture companies as you all are aware. Now, without taking 
much more time, I would like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Rohit from Antique. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
My first question is to do with order inflow. What segments are you really 
looking for the new order inflows? What could be the targeted amount in 
this particular fiscal, what is the amount that we have won till date? If you 
could throw something more color on it will be really helpful? 
Ragini Advani: 
As we stated as the 30th September, my order book stands at Rs.32,152 
crore, which is pretty much where we were about 3 months back. So we 
have been able to get new order/change in scope in our order to continue 
maintaining the 30th June numbers. Going forward, we hope to continue 
this trend, but considering the fact that some of the business opportunities 
are at fairly advanced stage, but it is beyond us on when they may fructify. 
The order essentially will continue on railways and highways sector, but 
overall I see the company being in the range of about Rs.30,000 crore 
order book by FY24 31st March 2024. We will continue to focus on 
competitive jobs both in India as well as outside of India. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Rohit: 
Ma'am, if I have to look at the bigger picture that is if your order backlog 
remains static, this will technically impair your ability to grow your revenue 
as such, and on top of it, the core EBITDA margins are also in declining 
trend, so would it not bode well, if you are looking for figure of, say? 
Ragini Advani: 
There are two things. One thing is that my EBITDA or core EBITDA is not 
on a declining trend. You have to understand that when I do HAM business, 
a lot of my income comes from interest. So, if you were to consider that 
interest, my core EBITDA margins are where we expected them to be. See, 
the point is that we had a very high order book of about Rs.44,000 crores 
at one point in time and therefore it has been a good number vis-a-vis the 
turnover, but if you see an industry average typically 2 to 2.5x is what the 
order book is for other companies. So, to that extent we are fairly stable 
now. We are not saying that we are not focusing on larger jobs or big ticket 
jobs, but at the end of it, there are a lot of extraneous factors including the 
political environment which determines when these jobs will come. So, we 
are fairly well positioned in many of these areas, but when these will come 
could be end of this fiscal year, could be beginning of next fiscal year and 
we see ourselves continuing to grow going forward as we have been 
maintaining in the past also and we shall be getting orders in due course. 
Rohit: 
If you could help me explain the investment positions that you have in the 
SPVs both in terms of equity plus the loans and advances and how is the 
income that you are booking out from those investments? 
Ragini Advani: 
If you see my investments, I have already invested about Rs.2,200 crores 
till now and these are spread into my road and highway projects as well as 
into coal connectivity and renewable projects. Now, the amount that I still 
need to invest is another Rs.1,100 crore which will be partially this year, 
partially next year and maybe a small amount a year after that. Out of all 
of my JVs and subsidiaries, you are aware that two of my road highway 
projects are toll projects in subsidiary and one in JV. So there what I get is 
the toll revenue, which gets directly added to my operating revenue. Then 
as far as my HAM projects are concerned, I get an annuity after every half 
yearly or every quarter and there again a part of that element goes into my 
core operating revenue and a part of it comes as a part of my other income, 
the interest that they give me as a part of my HAM and then the third are 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
assets which are under construction currently which obviously will continue 
to give me revenue after they are constructed and in the Coal JVs my 
revenue comes, obviously because they are JVs, so I basically add profit 
in my consolidated balance sheet, but per se their source of revenue is fair 
share. 
Rohit: 
Just to reconcile, this equity of 22 billion and another 11 billion, this is 
inclusive of equity plus loans and advances or is there any? 
Ragini Advani: 
So it is inclusive of equity and loans and advances, but mostly those loans 
are interest fee loans. There are in the nature of quasi equity only. 
Moderato: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Akash Dhanuka, an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Now the questions, ma'am, in the last concall, ma'am, you gave us 
guidance of 10% over FY23 with respect to the sales, the revenue, so do 
you maintain that or do you increase that? 
Ragini Advani: 
I increase that slightly, because now that the half year is passed and we 
have surpassed that guidance. So, I would say it would be close to about 
15%. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: 15% over FY23 right? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: And you said, ma'am that your core EBITDA is not declining, but if you go 
to the presentation, ma'am, the core EBITDA that you had mentioned in 
your presentation that mentions around somewhere around 1.25% decline 
on the core EBITDA part, which doesn't include the HAM annuity? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, that is right. So what happens is that, ultimately all our projects as I 
keep maintaining that these are long-term projects. So if we were to see 
quarter-on-quarter or half year to half year, few decimals here and there it 
can be, but if I was to look at an overall number, it is what we have been 
maintaining till now that my EBITDA will be in the range of 10% to 11% and 
my core EBITDA will be about 8%. So, to that extent, I think we have been 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
fairly higher than what we have been telling you all that we will be 
maintaining. Our PAT levels have always maintained which will be overall 
7% to 7.5%. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: PAT? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, PAT, because when you are doing this, there are certain assets which 
are under construction. There are certain interests which can flow in later. 
So, for a company like ours, that is the overall number on which you will 
have to go, rather than assuming that there is a quarter decline over a 
period in certain things that could also be because of certain provisions 
that may have come up, but holistically speaking, that is going to be my 
trend. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Ma'am, in this quarter, the other income was Rs.149.50 crores and can you 
just help us with the HAM annuity interest in this, the breakup of 149? 
Ragini Advani: 
HAM annuity in fact it is around Rs.45 crores  
CA Akash Dhanuka: In the Q4 last year conference call, you had mentioned that the other 
income inclusive this HAM annuity would be somewhere around Rs.550 
crores, we have achieved Rs.260 in the first half so can we achieve the 
550 is tough? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, because we are already at 260 overall other income, so total number, 
so we should be in the range of 520 to 550 including HAM, it is the also 
other income that we are talking about. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Two questions, ma'am, on the new order inflow ma’am, in the G20 that the 
railway project in the Middle East was declared by many countries, which 
includes India, do we expect anything out of that because that is fairly a 
large order? 
Ragini Advani: 
Right now when it was declared in G20, it is after that the various countries 
at the top most levels are right now conceptually envisaging and closing it. 
So, it may take time, but definitely Ircon will have a good role to play there. 
The reality will only be known to us once it is properly worked out and taken 
out, so Indian Railways is aware of this and it is also aware of the credibility 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
and the credentials that Ircon carries. So yes, from a long term point of 
view it should be something we should be participating in. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Can you quantify that good role? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, because right now it is not even quantified at the country level. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: The percentage wise, not the value wise? 
Ragini Advani: 
Again, unless you know what the product is all about, unless you know 
what exactly are they thinking, how do I qualify or quantify it? 
CA Akash Dhanuka: The second one is, ma'am, just before G20, a couple of weeks ahead of 
G20, the Railway Minister had announced the expansion of railway lines in 
certain areas which was congested, so because that is specific to India, do 
we get a good chunk of orders from that? 
Ragini Advani: 
See all orders that railways will come out are on competitive basis and as 
of now we are well placed to get them, but again after announcements by 
the time they fructify into tenders and then we quote and we get, it takes 
time, but definitely, we are one of the strong contenders for it. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Just one last thing, ma'am with respect to this order, please correct me if I 
am wrong, there are only two companies in India who are into the railway 
lines, not the infrastructure, just the lines, just the setting up of the lines 
which is RVNL and Ircon, right? No other third company is present? 
Ragini Advani: 
That is not true. These two are the public sector companies that are 
essentially into it. There are many private players as well. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: And lastly, ma'am, I don't know whether I should be asking this, but I still I 
will try my luck out, though it was a non-investable stuff, but 15 big investors 
had a meeting with you, you in the sense the company, so are they really 
interested in getting a long-term investor as an investor within the company 
or it was just as a normal update with them, because they were fairly big? 
Ragini Advani: 
It is a normal update. Nowadays, what DIPAM is doing is they are trying to 
get all public sector companies to have regular interaction with some good 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
large investors both in India as well as outside India. So that if they have 
any questions on us or if they require any one to one discussion, those can 
be facilitated. The idea is for them to know us in more depth and more 
frequently. So, it was one of those meetings, nothing more than that. 
CA Akash Dhanuka: Just finally the last one ma’am, I am stretching it a little too much, but just 
the last one confirmed the last one, in the last conference call, you had 
said 3-4 times that please keep trust on us, we will achieve that order book 
guidance, I just wanted to confirm once again, despite the low order inflow 
as of now, we keep that guidance that should I go by your words that please 
keep trust on us, we will achieve it? 
Ragini Advani: 
See, what I have just mentioned in fact just at the beginning of the call, I 
have stated that while we maintained the 30 to 32,000 in this quarter, but 
going forward some of the opportunities which we were expecting to have 
it in this year, they may get, the eventual award could come to us early next 
year and these are because of certain circumstances which are beyond 
us, because we are working in an industry where lot of factors create an 
extraneous limitation for us and therefore, I have in fact myself told you 
that we would revise our order book position for the year end at a level 
close to Rs.50,000 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from 
Equirus. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am, a couple of questions from my side, one, as we are coming back 
to order inflow, so we have done closer to Rs.2,800 odd crores and we 
were targeting say Rs.10,000 odd crores, so ma’am, is it fair to assume 
that you just mentioned that some orders which we are targeting would be 
coming to us next year, so is it fair to assume that is it primarily because of 
the delays which are happening in the system or it is also because a lot of 
our competitors or since the sector has been opened, there are other 
players who are taking these orders? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, the ones that I am talking about and which we were very sure that we 
will be getting in this year previously, those are getting delayed and 
because they are getting delayed, therefore, I am saying that I am revising 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
my order book expectation, but in terms of competition, yes, the 
competition is there, but as we have been maintaining, there are certain 
areas or certain scales in which we are not even competing. So, it is a very 
small ticket job of limit of about Rs.50 crores, Rs.100, Rs.200 crores, we 
may not be competing there and we anyway don't expect ourselves getting 
a job there. So those are happening, but the ones that I am referring to, 
which we were fairly certain we will be getting this year that has been 
delayed. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Secondly, ma'am, in terms of revenue guidance, even if I do the higher end 
of what you indicated of 15%, we will be closer to Rs.11,000 odd crores, 
whereas in 1H already we are at half of it, so are we still under guiding or 
is it fair to assume that we can easily surpass this? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, the point is that we are now coming into a period where a lot of 
execution pressure was also there because of the upcoming elections. We 
are an infra company so that is going to go down now. So, to that extent 
what we are maintaining right now is what we are comfortable with and we 
are certain about and that is the reason we have told a number of about 
close to 15%. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And ma'am, any number for FY25 in terms of ordering flows or revenue 
guidance? 
Ragini Advani: 
We definitely are on a growth path, but in terms of saying that what could 
be our growth number, it will really depend on the order inflow and some 
of the big ticket orders that we are focusing on currently and which we are 
seeing, it may get delayed, a lot will depend also in which part of the year, 
they come next year because till May there would be certain slowdown in 
terms of giving orders as well. So, I think I will be in a better position to give 
2025 number closer to the next investor call that we do. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Ma'am, in terms of our cash and bank balance, if you can share that 
number, our own cash and bank balance? 
Ragini Advani: 
Our own cash and bank balance is close to Rs.750 crores and otherwise, 
of course, the overall number is Rs.5,000 crore plus. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So last quarter it was closer to 900, so the balance has gone towards the 
equity investments? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, so from last quarter to this quarter, it has essentially been equity 
investments and also dividend. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And ma'am, just to understand that we have got this status, so how does it 
help, one as you rightly pointed out, probably in terms of taking larger 
orders, it might help you, but in terms of monetization of assets, does it 
give us any leeway? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, monetization of assets, we have to take the government permissions 
at different levels and they are irrespective of whether we are a Miniratna 
or Navratna, that is true for any public sector company and Navratna 
basically helps us in bidding for higher big ticket PPP projects and also it 
gives us a little bit more flexibility in terms of our financial and HR related 
matters, so for internal working it should ease out with Navratna status. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So, it is more pertaining to administrative rather than financial perspective? 
Ragini Advani: 
Financial, it is from the perspective that I mentioned that we will have 
higher equity that we can invest into PPP projects. The kind of bids that we 
get, there are times when there are weightages for being a Navratna 
company also and all, so in QCB (inaudible)___ so obviously it will play a 
positive role overall and it would be more in terms of these getting certain 
better technical qualifications, getting better rates from maybe lenders, 
getting more PPP driven jobs, so those are the aspects where financially 
we should benefit out of it. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
And ma’am, one last question from my side, in terms of bid pipeline, what 
would be the current bid pipeline probably where we are targeting or where 
we have already placed the bids and probably the results are yet to come 
out? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, we are targeting the bid in the range of 30,000 crore right and we are 
in the pipeline of having certain of these bids open close to about I think 
Rs. 5,000 crores, so that we should get to know in another month or two 
months. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So just to clarify, Rs.50,000 odd crores is where we have bid it, Rs. 5000 
odd crores is where we have L1. 
Ragini Advani: 
Rs. 30,000 crores is where we have bid it and Rs. 5,000 crores we should 
get to know our fate in another month or two months. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
But we are not in L1 in any of these? 
Ragini Advani: 
So these are yet to be opened. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Are we L1 in any of these projects where it is yet to put it in an order book? 
Ragini Advani: 
We are already L1, have already been incorporated, we have had the new 
order win of about close to Rs. 500 crores. Out of that Rs. 500 crores, about 
Rs. 200 crores is where we are L1 and where the LOA is awaited. Those 
are the ones which we obviously right now we haven't reported to Stock 
Exchange because we are waiting for a formal letter from them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Quarter 2 is maintained, so can you clarify like what is the new order win 
in quarter 2 and what is the scope change in this? 
Ragini Advani: 
We are doing one project in Sikkim, Sivok-Rangpo project. So, we have 
had an ordering freeze there of close to Rs.4,000 crores. Sivok, the 
increase is about Rs.3000 crores and there are certain other increases as 
well. So overall the increase in my order book because of change in scope 
is close to Rs.4,000 crores and the new order that has got, we have 
recently announced MSME job that we have got that is Rs.85 crores, but 
that is a consultancy job of Rs.85 crores. So, if I was to keep it at par with 
my EPC job, that Rs.85 crores would be equivalent to about Rs.1,500 to 
Rs. 1,800 crores on an EPC basis. 
Vishal Periwal: 
So just to clarify, because we have done a top line of roughly Rs.2,900 odd 
crores, so when we are saying that new order win in terms of scope 
changes Rs.4,000, so is there any some sort of deduction in order book 
the previous order? 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, so we have just indicated also that MCRL phase 2 which is one of my 
joint ventures, Mahanadi Coalfields Railway Limited, there the phase 2 is 
being taken over by railways, so I have reduced that order book. Earlier we 
were supposed to do it. 
Vishal Periwal: 
And in your presentation, if I can just, flip on the page #21, which has an 
annual financial statement, particularly P&L, so it has annual standalone 
numbers and the core EBITDA margin is roughly like 5.88% in this, so if 
one has to look at probably FY24, can you guide like where exactly could 
the number? 
Ragini Advani: 
This is standalone core EBITDA. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Yes. 
Ragini Advani: 
So, standalone core EBITDA would be in the range of 5% to 6%, but on a 
consolidated level because we continue to get HAM, infra, etc. that is 
where we have been maintaining our numbers. 
Vishal Periwal: 
So, in terms of numbers, this 5.88, it will be broadly in this range, though, 
there is a topline? 
Ragini Advani: 
On a standalone, yes, because all my PPP products are beyond 
standalone. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Since like when we are doing EPC work, topline is getting increased, so 
any benefit of like your fixed cost getting absorbed at a higher rate, higher 
revenue? 
Ragini Advani: 
Our fixed cost is very low Vishal. So it will probably affect probably in my 
new test of decimals. That is where our leeway is. If you see, if I were to 
exclude project expenses, my employee cost and other fixed costs are 
nominal. There is a range of 1 to 2%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atharva Bhutada from 
Purnartha. Please go ahead. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Atharva Bhutada: 
I just had two questions. One was regarding IRSDC and the Ministry of 
Railways have asked for a slump sale by December 2024, so I wanted to 
understand what was the main role of this company and how are 
proceeding with the sale of the company? 
Ragini Advani: 
So IRSDC, it was developing certain sations and then it was running and 
operating the station. Now, the Ministry of Railways is now consolidating 
all of that exercise and housing it with RLDA. So as a part of that 
consolidation, Railways decided that IRSDC needs to be shut and all its 
operations as well as assets need to get transferred to RLDA and stations 
which are already developed, they have gone to the respective zonal 
railways. That is where it is. Now in regarding the slump sale, of course 
because their assets have to get transferred and then subsequently this 
company has to shut down, therefore it is going to happen on a slump sale 
and at a value which is being finalized as of now. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
And actually I was going through the annual report and I didn't understand 
like why we were doing this, so we are having a lease agreement with 
RLDA and we are using IRSDC to pay this lease and then I think you are 
getting the money back from RLDA? 
Ragini Advani: 
That was the Bandra plot land and in fact, now that entire transaction is 
squared off completely. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
So, we won't have this transaction? 
Ragini Advani: 
From April 23. So, from now onwards you don't have any of such things in 
our balance sheet, that was the Bandra plot which was supposed to be 
developed by us and for which there was a loan from IRSDC and the land 
lease was through RLDA, but eventually there were some technical land 
political issues because of which there was a stalemate situation on that 
Bandra plot for some time and therefore railways decided to end this 
transaction and take it back into the books of RLDA. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
So, have you lost any business opportunity due to that? 
Ragini Advani: 
No, because even RLDA is sitting with that piece of land right now. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek Maheshwari from 
Skybridge Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
First question is, so the bids that we have in advanced stages, are 
there more towards tunneling or high-speed rail or just track laying for 
normal trains, can you throw some light on that? 
Ragini Advani: 
Some of them are on tunneling and some of them are the doubling and the 
expansion projects and some of them are international opportunities that 
we are targeting and some of them are road and hydro project. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
So, it is not skewed towards anything, it is more or less something 
of everything, I guess? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, spread out in all directions. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
And secondly, ma'am, in layman terms, how is a high-speed rail 
track different from a normal train track? Is there some niche that you have 
or is it pretty much the same? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, the bullet train project, this is based on the technology from Japan and 
their system of link tracks, as well as all associated paraphernalia right from 
the slab, the molds as well as the kind of train that you will have running 
on it, everything is entirely different. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
So, having a niche shall help you, it gives you a competitive 
advantage? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, because we will be the first one, we will be learning this in 
collaboration with the Japanese party and once we are able to develop it, 
we will have the experience to take on further opportunities in this area. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
Ma'am, any projects apart from what is already, the work which is 
already going on, apart from that, is there any other big project in pipeline 
and high speed also or it is only after election that will come to know? 
Ragini Advani: 
Not as of now, so some things are at the DPR stage so it will depend on 
that how and when do we get an opportunity to participate in it. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
What level of return on investment, ROI do we operate at for a JV 
company? 
Ragini Advani: 
Yes, so typically the IRR that we look at is about 12% to 14%, project IRR 
and equity IRR is in the range of 14% to 16%. 
Abhishek Maheshwari: 
That is something we are looking to maintain it in the future also? 
Ragini Advani: 
See, right now things are under construction and in case of coal JVs, what 
is important is that once the traffic flows through it, that is what is going to 
be your source of revenue, the freight sharing. So, while all of these JVs 
where we have a very coal intensive areas, be it Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand 
or Orissa for that matter, but once we have completed the construction, we 
will be in a better position, but having said that, because it is a coal rich 
belt, there could be a short-term issue where we may have some initial 
pitches, but on an overall perspective, we should be getting good returns. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Atharva Bhutada from 
Purnartha. Please go ahead. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
I came on my last two questions, so what is the bid success ratio for us? 
Ragini Advani: 
Actually, in our kind of company it is very difficult to say what is the bid 
success ratio because there are a lot of jobs that you are trying to yourself 
seed while you are trying to bid for them, especially outside of India and 
even within India for example when it comes to roads and highways, it is 
not about bid to success, but it is also about how much equity I want to 
invest and how much can I afford to go ahead in terms of PPP projects. 
Within railways also, it depends on the scale and the kind of job that it is. 
So, if it is station development or if it is a small time job, probably I will not 
even participate on those bids and for mid and standard track laying 
facilities my success rate may be lower, but if it wants to be something 
which has complex bridges, tunnels or it is something which has to do 
something with niche technology like we are doing the bullet train or the 
dedicated corridor, then my success rate goes up. Similarly, if it's a big 
ticket project, my success rate goes up. So, it would be difficult to put an 
overall number to it. 

                                                                                                 Ircon International Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Atharva Bhutada: 
Actually, I wanted to understand what is the revenue contribution 
somewhat top 5 products for half year and what was the escalation 
percentage that we get? Is it like based on the inflation rate going on or the 
WPI is included? 
Ragini Advani: 
So, we have a fixed formula for the escalation which are built into the 
projects which are more to do with how much would be the labor cost 
increase and how much would be the material increase and typically there 
is a formula where you will have a CPI wholesale. All of these there when 
if it is an imported, then there would be some linkages to international 
indices also. That is how it is determined and I didn't get your question, you 
wanted to know the top five projects in terms of our turnover? 
Atharva Bhutada: 
Yes, so like last year, it was 60%? 
Ragini Advani: 
So what is the cumulative turnover of top five projects is what you are 
asking? 
Atharva Bhutada: 
Yes, ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: 
So the turnover from top five projects for the half year I am talking is close 
to about Rs.2,600. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
ma'am. 
Ragini Advani: 
Thank you, Mr. Dorwin, moderating the call. I would also like to thank all 
our shareholders, business partners, analysts and investor friends who 
have continued to have faith in us and supported us throughout the 
journey. Happy festivities to all of you. Happy Diwali. We would be happy 
to connect with any and every one of you on a one-to-one basis if required 
for any further queries and take it forward. I conclude today's concall and 
thank you once again for all the active participation. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Ircon International Limited, that concludes the 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
