 
 
 
 
Date: November 07, 2023 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Symbol: FIVESTAR 
BSE Limited  
Listing department,  
First floor, PJ Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip code: 543663  
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half-year ended 
September 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 
Wednesday, November 01, 2023. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed from the link: https://fivestargroup.in/investors/ 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
 
For Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
 
 
 
Shalini Baskaran 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
BASKARA
N SHALINI
Digitally signed 
by BASKARAN 
SHALINI 
Date: 2023.11.07 
16:16:30 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Five Star Business Finance Limited 
Q2 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR LAKSHMIPATHY DEENADAYALAN – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR SRIKANTH GOPALAKRISHNAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED  
 
MR RANGARAJAN KRISHNAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – FIVE-STAR BUSINESS FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Five Star Business Finance Q2 FY24 Results 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that the conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan – Chairman and Managing 
Director. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Thank you for transferring the call. And I welcome all the participants to the fifth earning call overall 
and second earning call for this financial year. 
 
As you all know, we connected you with the last September 2022 results. We are again connecting 
you back with September '23, almost five quarters and one full financial year has been the connection 
between you and us. 
 
It was a very exciting journey for us for the last 12 months. Always Five Star, we are proud to say 
we are a collection first NBFC. Because we feel growth is a lighter side, but collecting back is going 
to be the difference between any lender. 
 
So, to start with the numbers, I'll start with the collection side. Overall collections came out very 
well. We'll say this is an excellent quarter from a quality perspective. The collection efficiency 
comparing with last quarter moved from 99.6% to over 100% and the unique customer which we call 
collecting an EMI from every customer which we measure by D1C1, the terminology what internally 
we call, moved from 97.5% to 98%. So, 98% of the customers have paid EMI in each month in last 
quarter. That's a very encouraging sign. So, the forward flow has been arrested to that extent. 
 
The next important metric in collections is 30-plus, where people ask us. I'm happy to say that 30-
plus has also dropped down from 9.68% last quarter to 8.59% this quarter. 
 
Another color of collections what we say the current to the arrears ratio of the customers; 78% of the 
customers were in current and 22% of the customers were in arrears in last September and it moved 
to 85% of the customers in current and 15% of the customers in arrears in June, we have bettered 
that in September. 86.5% of the customers are in current now and with only 13.5% of the customers 
are in arrears. As guided to the market, we will reach this to 90%... that is 90% of the customers will 
be in current and 10% alone will be in the arrears going forward maybe in next two quarters… maybe 
June of 2025. 
 
And taking you to the next important collection metric which is a non-performing asset. 90-plus, we 
call, it also bettered from 1.08% in June quarter to 1.07% in September quarter. 
 
Coming to the IRAC Stage-3 as per the new circular, even there we have bettered ourselves; we were 
at 1.41% in June quarter, which has come down to 1.37%. So, all in all, the collections on all metric 
and all buckets have shown a tremendous improvement that again proves that the Five Star is a 
collection-first business model. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
And now taking you to the business side, which is very important. First, from the branch, we have 
opened close to 70 branches in last quarter, which is one of the highest in history of Five Star. So, 
the total branch count is at 456 branches as we stand today. Because of branches getting opened and 
business officers getting joined in the new branch, our loan disbursement has also seen all time high; 
it was at 1,132 crores in June, it has gone up to 1,204 crores, registering a 6% increase and registering 
a 50% increase comparing to last year. And this has resulted in a good growth in AUM; we have 
moved from Rs.7,583 crores in June to Rs.8,264 crores in September with a growth of 9% 
sequentially and 44% year-on-year. Both quality and growth has resulted in good profits. Our 
incomes have gone up from Rs.484 crores last quarter to Rs.522 crores this quarter, registering a 
growth of 8% sequentially and 44% year-on-year. And profit after tax has moved from Rs.184 crores 
to close to Rs.200 crores a quarter (which is 199 Crores), registering a 9% growth and 38% growth 
year-on-year. 
 
Finally, before handing over to Srikanth, the borrowing side has also shown a good amount of 
stability; our cost of borrowing on the book in this quarter is at 9.7%, move a tad lesser from 9.8% 
and incremental borrowing is coming at 9.5% all in all. 
 
So, from the collection side business side and the borrowing side, Five Star is able to bring out their 
best performance again in the September quarter and this will continue as we move forward. 
 
Now, I'll hand it over to Srikanth to go deeper into each subject, then we'll take up the questions. 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Thank you, sir, and a very good morning to all of you. 
 
As Mr. Pathy has highlighted some of the numbers around collections business as well as the 
borrowings, I'll just touch some finer aspects and hand it over to all of you for any questions that you 
may have. 
 
In terms of the financial metrics, we have grown our AUM at about 9% sequentially to Rs.8,264 
crores. Coming on the back of very strong branch expansion, 70 new branches have been added for 
the quarter, and on the back of borrower expansion. So, again, this has not been a ticket size led 
growth, but it's a diversified growth that we have managed to achieve. So, our borrower base 
increased from about 3.2 lakhs in June to 3.4 lakhs as of September. 
 
In terms of the financial metrics, the yields have remained stable at around 24.2%. The cost of funds 
surprisingly continues to show a decreasing trend, which means Five Star is looked at as a very 
attractive destination for lenders to lend monies to. So, while we are borrowing incrementally at 
9.5%, the book cost dropped from 9.8% to 9.7%. so, which is a spread of close to 14.5%. 
 
The leverage has moved up a little bit, but given our strong accruals, I think we will still see a gradual 
growth in the leverage in the quarters to come. So, the NIMs are almost at about 17.7% translating 
to return on assets of about 8.5% and return on equity of a little over 17%. 
 
Despite the branch expansion, we have managed to keep the costs intact. Our cost-to-income is still 
only at about 36% or so and we have been guiding all of you that even in a steady state December 
will be anywhere around 35% to 37%. 
 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
In terms of the borrowings, we have borrowed almost more than Rs.2,000 crores in the first half of 
this year, with about Rs.1,150 crores coming in the second quarter. The good part is we have managed 
to add two new banks and sizable sanctions have come in. In fact, one of the transactions while the 
executions spilled over to 3rd October because of some change in holidays but including the cost, I 
think we are at about 9.5% incremental cost. And as we speak, the incremental cost continues to stay 
around 9.5% to 9.6%. So, we don't envisage any significant negative impact in the cost of funds in 
the quarters to come. 
 
Collection efficiencies have stacked up really well, like what Mr. Pathy highlighted. Not just 1+, 
even our 30+ has continued to show a decreasing trend, from about 9.68% last quarter, we have 
brought that down to about 8.59% for this quarter. So, we will continue to keep demonstrating this 
number on the lower trajectory, which will ensure that the stress portfolio… for us, 30+ is not a stress, 
but typically markets perceive 30+ to be a stress portfolio. Even that number will continue to keep 
going down. 
 
We continue to maintain a good provision coverage ratio on our overall book on the stage-3 assets 
as well as on our restructured portfolio. On the overall book, we are almost at similar levels of PCR; 
we were at 1.64% last quarter, just dropped by one basis point to 1.63%. On Stage-3 assets, we have 
taken the PCR to a little over 50%, we were at about 44% last quarter. This is again coming purely 
out of the ECL model and the overlays that the company wants to carry on its books on a conservative 
basis. 
 
Restructured book continues to show a very encouraging trend. Most of the book is in the standard 
category. In fact, the overall restructured book has actually come down to 0.66% of our overall book 
and even on this we maintain close to 50% provision coverage. So, we don't really envisage any risk 
emanating out of this restructured book in the quarters or the years to come. 
 
PAT registered an 8% to 9% growth from about Rs.184 crores last quarter to Rs.199 crores 
sequentially and year-on-year it went up from Rs.144 crores to Rs.199 crores. Net worth continues 
to remain robust. Capital adequacy is almost close to 60%. 
 
So, I think all in all, it's been a very encouraging quarter in terms of asset quality, profitability and 
growth. And given the branch network that we have built in, I think today we have a very solid 
platform to ensure that we build our growth on this strong edifice in a very safe and secure manner. 
So, whatever guidance we have given you continues to stand. We are hopeful of coming out with a 
strong set of results in the quarters to come as well. 
 
On that note, I will hand over to any of you for questions, happy to take the questions. 
 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Mahrukh 
Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
My first question is on your collection efficiency. You've always delivered well on collection and 
you seem very confident that the customers in arrears will improve from here on as well. So, what 
gives you the confidence because your collection infrastructures always been strong, is it that their 
business environment is improving or that your collection efforts have intensified further? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
Lakshmipathy D: 
The business model what Five Star has built for last 20 years plus or more than that, is from the back 
of the assessing the collection first and assessing the customer on the cash flow and character, leaving 
the collateral aside. So, what gives us the confidence is the profile of customers whom we are backing 
for last two decades, purely the shopkeepers and self-employed’s of our country; they are quite busy 
now and their sales are coming back to the pre-COVID level and their margins are sticking very well. 
So, this is from one side. Second side, as you know, we are a secured lender, our entire loans are 
secured, we lend on the residential property where the customers and family members live in. This 
also gives the emotional attach and seriousness to the family members, even during the downturn 
cash flow cycle. So, these two things, the service sector whom we are backing, and we are backing 
them with one of the strong collaterals. And of course, the third one is important. With the collection 
infrastructure what we have put at the ground level, we are able to reach customers or customers are 
able to reach us in 30 minutes of time. So, with all three put together, our collections are always on 
the good side. There was some kind of pressure during COVID times because we didn't restructure 
a lot. So, we are correcting those things, and we are bouncing back better than all pre-COVID 
collections metric whatever Five Star has seen. So, the strength of the cash flow and the underwriting 
strength and the infrastructure collections we put up at the ground level, all three are giving us good 
results quarter-on-quarter, that gives us strong belief that going forward our collections will be better, 
better every quarter. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
So, as the business environment is improving, which is why you’re confident of holding credit costs 
here, is it, or because there has been strong growth post-COVID, so as the portfolio seasons, do we 
see inching up of credit cost or it’s going to stay at these levels? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
So, I think the credit cost will stay in the same sub-1% level; even during demon, COVID-1 and 2, 
we didn't see this getting spiked up… just spiking it with a very short period of time in COVID and 
got settled where our eventual credit cost has to be. So, I don't think the credit cost will have any 
impact even the growth kicks in for Five Star, because the growth what we are getting into, the 
guidance of 35%-plus year-on-year, it's not going to be a big growth for Five Star because we have 
already seen big growth pre-COVID. So, we know how to underwrite the customers, keep the 
collections intact. So, it doesn't have any impact on the credit cost going forward. 
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
My last question is on attrition. So, in your segment of business, has the attrition rate increased in the 
last six months or in the last nine months or is it manageable because attrition lead in the other BFSI 
space is on the higher side? 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Attrition has not specifically increased, it is remaining at the same level, we are expecting that over 
the next three to four quarters things will gradually come down. But I think we measure attrition very 
clearly at what level is the attrition happening both from an experience perspective and from the 
internal level perspective. For us, attrition largely is happening at the people who are less than 12-
months old in Five Star. So that's a manageable attrition. And also, it's happening at mostly junior 
level. If you have to measure attrition at branch managers and above, it's an extremely a low number 
for us and we continue to be one of the best in the industry as far as that is concerned. So, it's under 
manageable level. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Padhi from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Aditya Padhi: 
Regarding the portfolio yield on your slide #38, we can see the 20 bps drop in the Q2 FY24. Any 
reason for that? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: You just have to look at this a little differently. We will always have about 20, 25 basis points 
movement in the yields. See, the way that the entire accrual process happens is on an ideal basis. 
While whatever is the difference that is charged to the customer on an overdue account, it's through 
the penal interest methodology, which doesn't come into the yield. So, whenever there is a reduction 
in overdues or whenever there is a little bit of ideal numbers not coming through in terms of the 
repayment schedule, you will see a slight movement in the yield. So, our submission is that don't 
give too much of importance to 20, 25 basis points movement in yield this way, that way. You will 
always see that happening depending on how the DPD numbers stack up, because we assume that 
the customer has actually made the payment while doing the accrual for the next month and the 
overdue also gets added to the denominator. So, both these aspects may pull down the yield 15, 20 
basis points this way, that way. Unless the yields are going to go above or below by more than 25, 
30 basis points is when the concern should be, which we have never seen in the past. So, 15, 20 basis 
points it is more accounting methodology rather than anything impacting the underlying portfolio. 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
Pathy sir, just wanted to ask on the competitive intensity in our core products. Given that we've been 
doing so well, have you seen competitive intensity increase and just some sense on the landscape 
going ahead? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Yes, of course, competitive intensity will be there in the minds of many lenders. Whether that is 
going to actually take part at the ground level, we have to wait and see because everyone wanted to 
get into the lending to the shopkeepers and lending to the self-employed of this country. That's the 
buzz word today. But my own view is the competitive intensity is increasing at sub-1 lakh level and 
above 10 lakhs level. There is a reason for it. Sub-1 lakh level, generally, it's the microfinance or 
unsecured loans where your underwriting is very little, right? You can underwrite it quickly. Whether 
it is accurate or not, we have to wait and see. But your underwriting and your turnaround time is very 
quick. For 10 lakhs loan and above, you spend that much of good time for underwriting that it is 
worth spending for that. That's what the market thinks. But between 1 lakh and 10 lakhs, we see 
lesser people getting into it, either they see it is operationally not viable or the underwriting becomes 
more challenging. I think that's where Five Star kicks in. We have been doing it for last two decades 
very well. Our sweet spot is between 3 lakhs and 5 lakhs. Here, the turnaround time for each file 
takes close to five to seven days. We spend almost three days at the ground level to underwrite their 
character, cash flow and collateral. You know it very well. But people find it very difficult to get into 
these kinds of loans to spend this much of time. But, for us it makes more sense because we have 
been doing it year-on-year. So, keeping these things in mind, I'm seeing the competitiveness is 
increasing, but it is not as heavy in any other products that what we see in vehicles, gold or home 
loans. Comparing to that, the competitive intensity is lesser here, because a lot of work has to be 
done by any lender if he wants to be a long-term lender. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
What kind of players have you seen incrementally looking at this product, are these SFBs or smaller 
NBFCs or any of the technology-led companies also are looking at this product? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Sameer, I'll say all. I don't want to miss anyone because everyone wanted to get in, but let me put an 
important point. See, everyone wanted to get into their experience and their beliefs. For example, 
just to take fintech, I have already said in the conference call, fintechs, they wanted to get into this 
shopkeepers lending. But I don't know how successful they are, only the data you people have to 
share with us. But their product is little different, and their place of operation is little different. They 
are operating in Tier-1 and Tier-2, whereas we are operating at Tier-3 to Tier-7 towns, which is even 
at 25,000 population Five Star branch will be there. But, at that location, the technology penetration 
or the QR code penetration is not high. So, their place of operations is Tier-1 and Tier-2 and our place 
of operation is little different. And coming to the product also, they lend to an unsecure short-term 
cash flow-based algorithm, whereas we lend to bigger ticket size to set up a business or to repay 
money lenders borrowing for a longer-term, seven years. So, I think you have to see. Lending to a 
shopkeeper can be the same, but the product is different, the place of operation is different. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
Secondly, in terms of the technology piece, are we like fully live on sales force across all branches 
now? 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, Sameer, we had given a gliding path wherein we wanted to move from the old ERP that we had 
into sales force. So as of the first quarter end, we had gone live only with one state which is Tamil 
Nadu. As of Q2 we had gone live with Karnataka and all the central Indian states and we had given 
a clear path that by end of Q3 will be fully live. So, as we speak in October, we have gone live with 
four of our biggest states, which is Andhra Pradesh. So, that leaves us only with one state which is 
yet to go live which is Telangana. And incidentally, we are kicking off the training in Telangana 
today. So, we are clearly on the path to a complete integration into sales force by end of Q3. 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
I just wanted to highlight one point here. Transforming from one ERP to another ERP is a big 
exercise. Five Star started this exercise from Q1 of this financial year and we are successfully doing 
it on a quarter-on-quarter basis. If you see our disbursement or our growth, didn't come under any 
effect at all, right? So, the credit has to be given to our teams for planning which state to go live and 
when. So, I think we will completely move from an existing ERP to the new ERP without any 
disturbance in the growth and the disbursements. So, that is the key point. I don't see any disturbance 
happening because of the ERP transition. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
One final question to Srikanth on securitization. How do you see the opportunity going ahead or do 
you want to keep the share at current level? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: We are definitely looking at broad basing our borrowings in terms of various structures, in terms of 
the type of lenders from whom we borrow. Securitization is definitely an attractive source given that 
it's a ring-fenced pool of receivables, there is a credit enhancement that we offer to the lender. So, 
we are looking at securitization as one of the key avenues as a funding resource. But, having said 
that, at the time of giving these loans, these probably are a little more cherry-picked as compared to 
the other loans. We would not want to be very high on securitization. Specifically, we'll try and 
maintain it about 25% to 35% of our overall borrowings. In fact, we onboarded one very strong name. 
That's the name that I said, which ideally should have gotten signed by 29th September, but because 
of the change in holidays, it got pushed to 3rd October. So, Deutsche Bank has actually taken a 350 
crores exposure through an investment in one of our PTCs. So, we will continue to keep evaluating 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
that, from the right kind of lenders and for good amount of quantum. Given that it's an on-book 
treatment today, we don't really distinguish too much between a term loan and a securitized 
receivable. So, we'll continue to look at it. But we will ensure that we don't probably cross, let's say 
1/3 of our borrowings in the form of securitization. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak. Please go ahead. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The first one is on the borrowings mix and the share of NCD has kind of come down to 4%. Any 
specific reason, I mean, it's come down or it's kind of collapsed from like 35%, 40% in the past? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: There's no specific reason as such. A lot of NCDs got onboarded especially during the COVID first 
wave and the COVID second wave as part of the TLTRO and PCG schemes, all of which got 
redeemed in the recent past. And today, the markets are a little choppy. While definitely we are 
exploring raising NCDs from mutual funds, from alternate investment funds, wealth management 
firms, the interest rates are not that conducive. If you compare the differential between a bank term 
loan and an NCD interest rate, the difference is almost like 50, 75 basis points. So today, given that 
we are getting a good traction from banks for the term loans and the fact that these are coming in at 
more attractive rates and for longer tenure. Today, markets are not willing to take exposures of more 
than let us say 2, 2.5 years while our product is a seven-year loan. So, keeping in mind the cost 
considerations, ALM considerations, we have been a little more skewed towards the term loans. But 
having said that, we are making all our efforts towards penetrating the NCD markets across various 
categories of institutions and you will see that going up in the next few quarters. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
If I look at it, your cost of funding is 9.5%. If you're saying 50, 75 basis points, we are effectively 
saying that the NCD demand is coming closer to around 10%, 10.25%, which is somewhere closer 
to probably what an A-rated company may be borrowing. Were the investors in these NCDs earlier 
mutual funds or were the banks, is it something that probably a set of kind of lenders are today 
missing in our borrowing profile? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I would probably say; mutual funds are one set of categories that we have been targeting. But they 
have been a little choppy to say, like I said, they're not willing to take a longer tenure bet on an NCD. 
If today we have to do an 18, 24 months kind of an NCD, I think we will get that for let's say 25 basis 
points over than what we are coming through. Especially in the past, like I said, the TLTRO and PCG 
NCDs were subscribed by the bank. So, as a category, mutual funds have been a little more nascent 
in our portfolio. We probably had mutual fund borrowings only from one or two AMCs. But that is 
something that we are trying to address. But today there is also a good amount of demand for NCDs 
from AIF, from wealth management firms, there are corporates who want to subscribe to the NCDs 
as part of their investment strategy. So, I think we will definitely see tractions coming through. We 
are also making some headway with the mutual funds. But like I said, it's a little time-consuming 
process given the lack of complete stability in the market, but sooner than later I think we will have 
NCD traction building up substantially. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The second question is on growth. The way you're tracking growth in the first half of the year, would 
you want to increase the guidance for the year? 
 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Lakshmipathy D: 
If you recollect in the month of May and June, we came to the market and we revised our guidance 
from 30% to 35%. Having said that, our growth is becoming stronger quarter-on-quarter we're able 
to give 9% sequentially and that will continue if next quarter also turns up well. We don't want to 
revise the guidance immediately. We'll wait and watch how this demand at the ground level… it is 
picking up as we guided to the market, we'll open 70 to 80 branches, already we have opened 83 
branches in the first six months. That shows that the demand at the ground level is picking up very 
well. But I don't want to give too much of guidance changes this way and that way. So, we will wait 
for next two quarters. Definitely, if the same trend continues, in the March quarter I'll come out with 
a revised guidance if needed. But, as I speak now, the 35% growth guidance which we changed, now 
becomes stronger and stronger in our mind. This will be there for a longer period. 
 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So, the question essentially was that are you able to see anything in the ground because of which you 
would sort of have a slightly softer guidance for the year? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
I understood that. I don't see anything affecting our guidance growth because we have said 35% 
growth and we have been growing at 40% year-on-year comparatively. I don't see anything affecting 
the ground level. The cash flows are good, the demands are good, as I said, we opened more branches, 
seeing a good demand mostly in the southern states and the new states which we wanted to get in 
and month-on-month also our disbursements are going up. So, I'm not seeing any significant insights 
from the ground level that will affect the growth trajectory. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajit Kumar from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
 
Ajit Kumar: 
So, two to three questions from my side. First one is, if I look at your state wise AUM numbers, 
growth in AP has been quite strong from past five to six quarters, higher than the overall AUM 
growth. Any specific reason for this and do you expect this trend to continue? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
See, I think the southern states are the big contribution for our disbursement and our AUM; close to 
96% of our growth comes from South. If you bifurcate south, Andhra is now becoming a leading 
contributor to the disbursement and AUM growth because we see good demand there, the population 
is very good and you see a lot of towns interconnected very closely especially in the coastal part of 
Andhra, where most of our branches are being present. So, we also see a very good collection traction 
in Andhra. Keeping all this in mind, we are investing a lot in Andhra. Even from out of this 80-plus 
branches which we opened for the first six months; I think more than 50% of the branches would 
have gone to Andhra. So, we see a good demand there, the collection culture is good there and the 
team what we have gathered there is also giving us a very great result. All put together, Andhra is 
improving their AUM on QoQ basis. That doesn't mean Tamil Nadu, Telangana and Karnataka is 
lacking that, but comparatively, Andhra growth looks pretty good, and we are very happy with the 
way in which we have taken up Andhra. 
 
Ajit Kumar: 
Second question is, how should we look at the branch addition going forward? You had guided earlier 
60 to 70 branch addition every year, but this quarter itself we have added roughly 70 branches. So, 
what will be the momentum going forward as well? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Yes, momentum will be strong is what we hope because one of the key metrics which induces us to 
open branches is the demand at the ground level. How does you measure that? When a branch is 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
getting breakeven in six months, that means the branch is garnering close to Rs.2.5 crores of AUM 
for six months. So, that gives a clear indication that the customers wanted to move from informal to 
formal side and come to Five Star for their business and housing needs. So, this is the first and 
foremost indication of what we have to see at the ground level. Till now, it's very encouraging; the 
branches what we have opened is breaking even at six to nine months as we speak. So, I'm thinking 
we will revise the guidance of branch opening now moving from 70 to 80 what we said this year, we 
will be at surprisingly close to 120 branches for this full financial year. If all things go well, we will 
add another 40 branches in next six months. 
 
Ajit Kumar: 
Lastly, 30-plus DPD has come down to 8.6%, which is great. So, looking at the current situation on 
ground, how should this number trend, let's say, in the remaining half of the year? 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
There has been a clear focus in making sure that the collection efficiency is stacking up extremely 
well, especially the unique collection efficiency that we track, and we have given you the numbers. 
So, the unique collection efficiency that Mr. Pathy also mentioned in his opening remarks, we have 
crossed 98%. So, that's clearly arresting the forward flows to a very, very significant extent. So, you 
will see this number getting improved even further. When we say that the current portfolio will go 
closer to 90%, obviously the 30-plus will drop even further to where we expect in the next two to 
three quarters. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaiprakash Toshniwal from LIC MF. Please go ahead. 
 
J Toshniwal: 
Sir, taking the question of Nischint on NCD side, is there a discussion with the credit rating agencies 
to improve our rating and if that yes, what are the KPIs we are looking to increase our ratings? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So, Jai, I think we have gotten the rating upgrade from A+ to AA-minus over the last couple of 
quarters. Some of the rating agencies came up December, the March quarter and the one rating 
agency upgraded us in the last quarter. So, I don't think there is any immediate rating upgrade on the 
anvil. The next rating upgrade will probably depend upon the kind of portfolio growth that we get to 
and maybe a little bit comfort of the rating agency in terms of the seasoning of the portfolio. But 
having said all this, I think today the NCD market not coming in is not just because of company-
specific factors, there are a lot of macroeconomic factors which are at play, especially there are 
companies who are willing to offer significantly higher rates to onboard NCDs and especially the 
gold Loan NBFCs, microfinance companies and even vehicles, they are willing to take monies at 
shorter tenure which is more attractive given the volatile interest rate environment. People are not 
willing to commit for a longer period of time, they don't know how the entire interest rate scenario 
is going to stack up, which is where we are probably not able to raise as much of NCDs as we would 
have liked. Because we want at least for a three-year or a three year plus kind of a tenure and the 
rates to stack up closer to what we are borrowing either through the term loans or securitizations, but 
the numbers are a little wacky. And given that our demand is being met by banks through term loans 
and securitization transactions, we have not aggressively gone out to issue NCDs for subscription. 
But having said that, there is a very clear mandate to the treasury internally that we will have to push 
the NCDs both through the private placement and also public issue of NCDs which may come in 
during the latter part of this year or early part of next year. So, I think you will start seeing traction 
coming in the next few quarters and the NCD proportion also going up significantly. Hopefully, the 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
interest rate environment also will get a lot more benign. And then with that stability, I think we 
should be attractively looked at even by the NCD players, be it the mutual funds, AIFs or the wealth 
management funds for them to invest monies into our papers. 
 
J Toshniwal: 
Second question is on our AUM of state wise. So, if we look into the last two quarters, you have 
added Rajasthan and it's basically in September '22 presentations, Maharashtra, Chhattisgarh, Uttar 
Pradesh. The growth is pretty slow out there in terms of not also adding branches, hardly we added 
two branches in Rajasthan. Anything specific you want to highlight or it's just that you're building 
up the portfolio and being cautious on these. 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Jai, your point is very clear, and you picked up very well. That is our style. If you have been hearing 
our conference call since last five times, we are very clear here to say we are not going to rush for 
the growth in the newer geographies… we don't want to do that. So, the growth is going to come 
from the southern market where we have been lending and collecting for the last 20 years. That gives 
us great confidence to whom we are lending, how we are lending and how we are collecting the EMIs 
back. Having said that, if you see three years, five years down the line, we don't want to be in a 
southern market alone, we want to be in a pan India market. So, we are starting to lend in the newer 
markets slowly but steadily. So, whatever the growth guidance I have given, I have only given 
keeping the south market in mind and I don't want to pressurize my rest of the country team to show 
the growth and lend into wrong hands. So, we want to be very slow and we want to be very steady. 
If you see quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year the states what you said will have a steady growth. But 
please don't compare that with the southern market because that's our growth engine whereas the rest 
of the country will become a growth engine at the right time. So, now I'll hand it over to Ranga to 
talk a little bit more on the rest of the country. 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
Mr. Pathy has rightly summarized it. As far as any new state is concerned, we have always been 
guiding that we will be extremely conservative in the first 24 months. So, in the first 24 months we'll 
hardly be opening, maybe four to six branches only, in a newer state. Because the 24-month period 
is an extremely critical period for us where we get to see a variety of things clearly on the ground, 
that includes our own people, that includes the first few loans that we have lent. We also told you in 
the past that for the first probably a year or so, every loan that we give out in the new state is approved 
either by the M.D. or myself. So, we are that much very, very clearly focused on what are the set of 
customers that we are building in a new state, who are the teams that we're getting in the first few 
branches. So, these new states we will pick it up slowly. If you look at Madhya Pradesh, which we 
opened about five years back today, Madhya Pradesh has more than 50 branches. So, growth is not 
going to come in a sudden manner in the newer states. The growth is more than adequately 
compensated for in the southern markets. In the newer markets this year we've identified Rajasthan, 
UP and Gujarat, apart from expansion in Maharashtra. So, these are the new markets where you will 
clearly see us putting up branches and putting up investing teams, but the growth will definitely take 
time to pick up in the newer states. 
 
J Toshniwal: 
While you mentioned that competitive intensity is there from everywhere, you're not concerned much 
about it. So, what are the key areas of pointers you are right now focusing on in terms of concerning 
points or anything you want to highlight? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Lakshmipathy D: 
We are focusing on what we have been focusing for the last 20-years, nothing special that we are 
taking from a competitive intensity perspective. As I said, competitive intensity should be there for 
the right product. So, people are all willing to get into this segment, bigger NBFCs and smaller 
finance banks. But the experience says, it's not so easy game to play, but the good part to play is sub-
1 lakh and more than 10, 15 lakhs area where people find it very comfortable. But nothing specific 
that we are worried about competitiveness, and we are not growing aggressively or we are not 
growing slowly or we are tweaking our lending rates, nothing doing from our side, we are doing our 
business as we've been doing. But one point what I wanted to emphasize here is we don't want to be 
a southern lender anymore. So, we want to be at Pan India. Competitiveness is maybe one of the 
reasons where we wanted to get into newer locations also. So, we are very keen, as Ranga said today, 
we are at nine states, we'll be at 10, 11 states in a year or two. So that also keeps us more safer that 
we have reached to the more geographies and more people. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
 
V Ramakrishnan: 
Just as a follow up, when you go into a new state, are you finding any major cultural differences 
when you compare to the southern states where you are comfortable in? Question #2 is, in terms of 
attrition, when you lose at the lower management level, which is what you said, where do they usually 
go, do you have any idea, whether they're going to another bank or an NBFC? Question #3, we buy 
into your optimism, but if you could tell us what worries you have on the ground, that will be useful 
also? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
From a newer state I will ask Ranga to answer. On question #2, I can't answer anything with whom 
we are going towards. I think see, this business model is very unique. I don't think any one does this 
kind of business model, underwriting, collection setup which I have not seen in any NBFC. Because 
we have not copied from anyone, everything is being built here from the base of the experience. So, 
we don't specifically take people from a specific name or a specific entity. Anyone wishes to grow 
their career can join Five Star because they can grow their careers because the company is good, the 
growth rates are good, the incentives are good, the business model competitiveness is lower 
comparing to the other products. So, anyone can join Five Star and earn a good name and career in 
Five Star. Talking about the third point which you said, nothing specific concerns me at this given 
point of time. It is good that people all talk about lending to small businesses. We are happy to register 
ourselves that we are a category creator when no one saw this as an opportunity 20 years back. We 
saw this as an opportunity, and we never diverted into any other product. We just picked on with the 
same customers, same profiles for decades. So, we are very happy that more people are looking into 
it. So, I don't feel any concerns, I feel bit proud that we're able to take this category from informal 
slowly to the formal side. 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
On the first question where you're asking about any cultural differences in the newer states, there will 
be definitely cultural differences. I think in India, taste changes every 50 kilometers. So, you will not 
find that even restaurants are very similar in 50 kilometers. So, which means when we are entering a 
new state, there will be cultural differences. There are fundamentally the set of customers that we 
target that does not differ. We still go behind essential services, we still go behind the self-employed 
category. But within that there will always be slight nuances in cash flows, in repayment track. I 
think more importantly, there be a lot of cultural differences between people, which is our own 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
people. Every state has a unique culture in terms of loyalties, in terms of people sticking to a particular 
company, people building careers, attrition levels are very different. So, every state is different. I 
don't think we are saying one state is better than the other. But, it's important for you to understand 
the nuances of that state to make sure that you're an attractive employer in that new state. Also, what 
differs significantly between state-to-state is land records are very different, the way you evaluate 
legal risks, the way you evaluate title deeds and go and get your mortgage registered, it's different. 
It's not one country still. So, there are multiple nuances especially when it comes to dealing with 
ancestral properties and the way title deeds have been passed on through generations. It's a very 
different and nuanced market. So, it takes time for you to learn these things, which is why in the first 
24 months of entering a new state, we don't put pressure at all from a growth perspective for the 
newer state. It's more important for us to understand all the nuances, check the fundamentals right 
and then set up the state for a growth for a longer period of time. 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Vivek, sorry, I misunderstood your question. If your question is on the attrition, where does our 
people go? If that is your question, yes, today as this business model is getting more hotter and hotter, 
people finding right talent from here, they choose Five Star employees to pick and build it. But it's 
not so easy for people to just to poach our employees and start building the Five Star model. But as 
rightly said, this is not a model that can be built in overnight, it has to be built with the exercise. So, 
I can't name where the people are moving in. Yes, there is a good amount of demand from an 
employee side which is getting poached by other NBCFs and small finance banks. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
P Deshpande: 
Just wanted to know, of these new branches that you'll be adding, what would be the spread of south 
versus non-south? And second was on the collections in cash. What would be the percentage of that? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
So, what we have been guiding to the market is close to 75:25, that is 75% of the branches will be in 
south and 20%, 25% of the branches will be in the rest of the country. So that's what we have been 
guiding. More or less, it's aligning with the same percentage what I said. From a cash collection 
versus non-cash, close to 55% of our collections comes from cash and 45% comes from non-cash in 
all types of digital media including the NACH. It used to be around 65% or more, that is slowly 
coming down to 55% now, and it may also further come down as we move forward. But we are not 
here to guide market that we will be at so and so percentage of cash because we are very comfortable 
in cash. As long as the customer is comfortable, we are comfortable. As long as customer feels digital 
is comfortable, we are comfortable. So, there's nothing hard and fast from our side. 
 
P Deshpande: 
On the guidance with regard to the branches, right, a year back, we were looking more spreading out 
to the non-south region. Is there a change in strategy, just wanted to understand that because I mean 
the opportunity maybe still big in south, is that the reason? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
We have not changed this pattern what I guided earlier; it was 75 to 80 percentage of branches in 
south and 20% to 25% of the branches will be in non-south, to be more specific. One or two branches 
can miss this way or that way. But broadly, our thought process is very clear, we want to be a very 
strong player in north going forward… going forward means for the next few years, not few quarters. 
But having said that south is a very big market. Just to give a comparison, HDFC has close to 500 
branches in Tamil Nadu. I just saw it in public domain… it's a public data. So, we have only 120 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
branches here. If a bank has 500 branches, why can't we? So, that's from one state. If you multiply 
that with four big states of south, which is Andhra, Telangana, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu, you have 
a very huge opportunity in south itself. But, as I said, from a competitive intensity to improve our 
presence where we are not there, we are very clearly to focus on non-south which is the central, north 
and western part of our countries. So, there is no change in that thought process. Still, we feel south 
is the dominant place to operate and non-south is very key from Five Star perspective, so we are 
investing a lot in non-south too. 
 
P Deshpande: 
So, two years hence do we see this mix changing because like you said you wait for two years for 
the branches to mature, you open only three or four, you learn about the state and then you open more 
branches. So, does this mix change two years hence in terms of 75:25? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Certainly, it will change. All depends upon the results that what we are getting from the non-south 
branches, what we have put in Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and expanding in Gujarat and Maharashtra. 
So, we we'll wait and see how the results are. But as I said, we will not push for the results. Let the 
results comes as it comes. When the results are good, when the green shoots we are able to see there, 
definitely, we will not shy away by revising the guidance of 75:25. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saptarshee Chatterjee from Groww AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
S Chatterjee: 
My question is more on the environment part… that already you have touched upon it, but like we 
are seeing commentary from the consumption companies that rural and semi urban consumption 
demand has been slow. But on that perspective, we are seeing that growth for you as well as some of 
these NBFCs have been very strong. So, can you please touch upon how you are seeing more of the 
demands and cash flows of your customers and there do you have to like paddle more towards 
distribution-driven growth and customer acquisition-driven growth for more customer acquisitions 
or it is the strong demand any which way? 
 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, there are two ways to tackle this question. One is what are you seeing primarily from a 
consumption perspective on the rural, semi-urban. Our growth is purely not dependent only on that 
aspect. Our growth is also dependent on how much of conversions that we are able to do from people 
who are moving from unorganized to organized sector. So, as far as that is concerned, we are clearly 
seeing a trend in markets after markets wherever we are able to open new branches, we're seeing 
very, very good traction and we're able to convert more and more people from unorganized money 
lending to more organized lending. So, that is what is giving us a solid growth on the ground. So, the 
strategy has not changed for us. I think that is what is giving us the confidence from a growth 
guidance perspective also. Of course, it is going to be a combination of distribution-led growth. So, 
that's where we have now increased the guidance in terms of the number of branches that we are 
willing to open in a particular year. We have already opened 83 branches this year and Mr. Pathy has 
guided just now that we will be at least opening another 40 to 45 branches during this year itself. So, 
it is going to be a combination of distribution-led strategy and the fact of people moving from 
unorganized to organized. That is giving us a combination of good growth guidance. 
 
S Chatterjee: 
Just one part on this is with increased branches, are we going much deeper into the geographics like 
some Tier-3, Tier-4 to Tier-5, Tier-6 for the branches? 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Rangarajan Krishnan: 
So, we have two branch-led strategies. One is what do we do in the southern markets and second is 
what do we do on the non-south markets. So as far as the southern markets are concerned, the clear 
strategy of the company is to penetrate deeper and deeper. We are already going up to Tier-7 cities 
and we still have huge opportunity for us even within Tier-6, Tier-7 cities in each of the southern 
markets where we're already present. So as far as south is concerned, the strategy clearly is to 
penetrate deeper and deeper, open more branches, expand the franchise and attract the customers 
more and more. But as far as the non-south locations are concerned, we are just putting up the first 
few branches probably in a particular state. So, in these states we are still not going very, very deep. 
Most of our branches are still in probably Tier-2 to Tier-3 or Tier-4 cities. We will penetrate these 
larger cities first, get a hang of the culture and the state and slowly penetrate these states as we move 
forward from here. 
 
S Chatterjee: 
You have already touched upon on the competition, but wanted to know what are the yield level that 
your competition is working on and therefore the differential of your yield versus competition? And 
overall let's say some 2-3 years down the line, do you see that growth and yields will be a challenge? 
And if the situations and demands worsen, which one will you prioritize more on, either on yields or 
on growth? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I think on the yields, if you look at from a competition perspective, we are at least at par if not lower 
than our competitors. So, it is not very differential and the kind of demand that we are getting. If we 
are way off from the market, this is not the demand that we will be getting. So, we are at par with the 
market…in fact, we are actually better than some of the bigger players also in terms of the yield. 
Like we have been guiding, see, our intent is not to keep the yields at where they are today. Our intent 
is to ensure that we maintain the spreads. Now, we have had quite some benefit on the cost of funds 
coming through in the last about four to six quarters. But given the very volatile interest rate 
environment, we have not passed some of these benefits to our borrowers, which we will start 
gradually passing on once the interest rate environment becomes a lot more predictable. So, the 
question is not compromising yield or compromising growth or whatever. I think the question is more 
towards ensuring that we are a responsible lender, lending at the right interest rates to our borrowers. 
See, the segment is not very price sensitive. A percentage difference in yield for a seven-year loan 
will probably translate to about Rs.70 to Rs.80 EMI every month for a lakh of loan. So, it’s not a 
very price-sensitive segment. But at the same time, we want to be a responsible lender and operate 
at around 12% to 13% kind of a spread in a steady state scenario. So, once the interest rate 
environment stabilizes, I think we’ll start seeing some benefits that we pass on to our borrowers. Not 
with a view to ensure that we get the growth that we want. But like I said, being a responsible lender 
and ensuring that the borrowers get the optimal cost for the borrowings. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aravind from Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead. 
 
Aravind: 
I just have like one question on this gross Stage-3 assets in terms of one year lag. I can see that like 
from the 1s Quarter of 2023 it's been inching up. Is there any some cause of concern there in those? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: The intent is not a concern. The point is also that when you're growing, the lag is slightly higher 
compared to what we have been seeing in FY21 or FY22, the growth was also much lower, so the 
buildup was much lesser. But having said that if you look at the last quarter numbers also, typically, 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
the one-year lag has always been at around the 1.75% to 2% level and this is something that we have 
shown be it in Q2 FY21 which was the COVID period, Q2 FY22 which was again a COVID period 
and Q2 FY24. So, I think largely the numbers will be around the 2% level which is where this number 
has always been even in the past. In fact, it used to be more. If we extrapolated a few quarters earlier 
when we were in a much faster growth pace, this number would have been higher, but one-year lag 
will typically settle at around the 1.75% to 2% level. And this also has the new RBI norm built into 
right, it's 1.35%. So, you should also take that into consideration. when you look at Q2 FY21 or Q2 
FY22 that does not have the RBI norm getting built. So technically if you see 1.7% of Q2 FY22 is 
not an apple-to-apple comparison as against 1.95% of Q2 FY24. Q2 FY22 would have been a 90 plus 
number of about 1% to 1.1% vis-à-vis what we are looking at the new IRAC norm of 1.35% for Q2 
FY24. So, you will also have to factor in for the 20, 30 basis points increase. 
 
Aravind: 
One is other income, other incomes doesn't look like it is connected to disbursements. Even though 
the disbursements have grown quarter-on-quarter, other income hasn't grown. Operating expenses, 
we are investing heavily in IT like either for ERP or other technological like transformation stuff. 
Will that have an impact on OPEX process ratio or cost-ratio like in a significant way? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: So, firstly, Aravind, your observation is right on the other income. The other income is predominantly 
investment income that we earn on our FDs, that we earn on our mutual funds on the excess liquidity 
that we carry. So, it does not really have a straight correlation to the disbursals that we do. It depends 
on the kind of borrowings that we do and the yields that are available out there. So last year the other 
incomes are actually lower because the yields were much lower in the market. Yields are definitely 
getting better and which is why you're seeing the other income getting higher. See, in terms of the 
operating expenses, we are definitely putting a lot more investment into the technology and all that. 
Rather than looking at either an operational expenses in absolute quantum or whatever, I think the 
way that you'll also have to see is look at the cost-to-income, so which is where we guided our cost-
to-income is expected to be around 35% to 37% range. And this is sort of remained range-bound for 
the last four to six quarters ever since we have been… even prior to that it was range-bound, but the 
last five quarters when we've been public, I think it has remained range bound around 36% to 37% 
level. We are very confident that despite the investments that we make in technology, we are not 
doing anything that's probably a sunk cost or that will give us benefits over a longer period of time. 
We are reaping the benefits. So, you will see the cost-to-income stabilized around those levels in the 
quarters to come as well. So, no adverse impact expected on the P&L because of additional 
technology spends or the slightly increased operating expenses. 
 
Aravind: 
I was asking specifically on the core fee income, around like that Rs.42 crores, I thought that was 
just related to disbursement. I understand the other income is summation of the core fee income based 
on disbursements and then like investments we make and other – 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Today, the core fee income is also part of the interest income. If you look at the interest income, it 
comprises of interest on loans, it comprises of interest on fixed deposits, it comprises of processing 
fees and the other legal and operational expenses where the proportion remains unamortized. So, 
everything is getting clubbed in the interest income in slide 47 that we have given. The other two 
numbers that you're talking about, which is net gain on fair value changes, is primarily on account of 
the mutual fund incomes that we do. And fees and other income will be primarily recovery of bad 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
debt and the other incidental incomes that we get on account of certain storage costs and all that. The 
numbers are anyway fairly muted; it's about Rs.7, 8 crores per quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshvardhan Agrawal from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
 
H Agrawal: 
I just wanted to understand, you mentioned that you have – 
 
Moderator: 
Sir, can you speak loudly? Your voice is very low. 
 
H Agrawal: 
You mentioned in the opening remarks you guided for the second half would be 120, earlier guided 
was around 70,80. So I just wanted your thought process as to how the opex would look like in the 
second-half because I believe, there are some marketing expenses, etc., So, opex in the second-half 
where will we see from the first half? 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
I think the good part is if you break that 120, 80 branches have been opened in the first six months 
itself. So, all the cost has been incurred as we have shown in September itself. So, it's only the balance 
of 40-45 branches which we will be opening in the next six months. But the good part is the 80 
branches which opened in the first six months start to react more positively for the next six months. 
So, that will adequately take care of the income side. I think I'll ask Srikanth to explain it a little 
more. 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: See, on the operating expenses side, what we always say is, irrespective of the branches that we put 
in, our breakeven is one of the strongest; in about six to nine months we are able to break even at a 
branch level and even covering fixed cost at the head office level, this is like nine to 12 months that 
we are able to do. So, from that perspective, there is no adverse impact that we are expecting either 
opex as a percentage of AUM or like I updated in the earlier question in terms of the cost-to-income. 
So, the broad guidance around the opex to AUM of about 6%, 6.5% and the cost-to-income guidance 
of about 35% to 37% continues to stand even in a growing scenario. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. Please go ahead. 
 
Nidhesh: 
A couple of questions. First is, how is the vintage 12 months MOB Stage-3 for us? And second is 
how are the BT out rates we are seeing in our portfolio? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: I think the point is, in terms of the Stage-3 one-year vintage, we will not see much at all. Like what 
we say is what we track as quick mortality account, that is very, very far and few for us. So, you will 
not see one-year vintage loans which are getting into Stage-3. Typically, the breakup of Stage-3 will 
be more like three plus years loans. Because our belief is, whatever a little bit of shocks or delays as 
the customer could do, he may probably delay one in 18 installments or so. So, that means typically 
for him to get into Stage-3 will be at the end of the third year or so. So, you will not really see too 
much of one-year vintage in Stage-3. The quick mortality is extremely low. Sorry, what is the second 
question? I just missed it. 
 
Nidhesh: 
What are the balance transfer rates? 
 
Srikanth Gopalakrishnan: Today, our balance transfers both in and out are extremely minimal. Like we said, our business model 
is built to displace the money lenders. So, while we'll be taking a lot of loans away from the 

 
Five-Star Business Finance Limited 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
unorganized markets, those don't typically classify as balance transfers in. And similarly, our 
borrowers are happy with us as long as we provide them what they want in terms of the loan 
quantums, good service and the flexibility in terms of repayment, they're happy to stay with us. So, 
I think you will not see either of these numbers crossing about 2%, 3% both BT in and BT out. 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. Lakshmipathy Deenadayalan, sir, for closing comments. 
 
Lakshmipathy D: 
Yes. Thank you, participants. I know there are a few more questions lined up, but we have already 
crossed one hour 45 minutes and thank you for patiently being with us. We apologize for the pending 
questions. Definitely, we will take it up in the next earning call or you can reach out to the IR team, 
where the number has been given in the website where we will take up your questions. 
 
To conclude, as I said, we have been with you for last one full year with five quarters of numbers 
and what we say and what we deliver now matches very clearly and we are very confident that this 
category what we have built in the last 20 years is here to stay and here to grow. And Five Star has 
an edge comparing with other lenders, the experience what we got in the last 20 years will help us to 
scale through with the right quality and right profitability without missing these two. So, thank you 
again for reaching out in this conference call and waiting for a long time and we will meet in the next 
earning call. 
 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
