 
23rd November, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
The Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Dalal Street, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: 532934 
Symbol: PPAP 
  
 
 
 
 
         
Subject: Transcript of earning conference call for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosing herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Friday 17th 
November, 2023 to discuss financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023. 
 
The transcripts are also available on Company's website at: 
https://www.ppapco.in/assets/pdf/quarterly_reports/PPAP_Q2FY24_earnings_call_transcript.pdf 
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
for PPAP Automotive Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pankhuri Agarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
PANKHUR
I 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by PANKHURI AGARWAL 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=90c26cdb32994063afb8c07
c5da85b91, 
2.5.4.20=e90719d9b714e1f5fff521063df
7b4f9cf36d730e9f2e1676a822382609a9
8f3, postalCode=201017, st=Uttar 
Pradesh, 
serialNumber=3c5cb42087c3255c3ff07a
4e4fc771f8f08c0796ee464df8b34d770d6
94aa473, cn=PANKHURI AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.11.23 19:52:40 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“PPAP Automotive Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, PPAP AUTOMOTIVE 
LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PPAP 
AUTOMOTIVE LIMITED 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of PPAP 
Automotive Limited. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the Company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, you may press ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain – MD and CEO. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our quarter 2 Financial Year ‘24 
earnings call. I am accompanied by our CFO – Mr. Sachin Jain and SGA our Investor Relation 
Advisor on this call today. I hope everyone has had a chance to go through our revised 
presentation, which gives you the snapshot of the group as well as updates of how the businesses 
are being developed.  
Let me start with a brief overview on the industry: 
The automobile industry witnessed a marginal sales growth of 1% on a year-on-year basis from 
1.42 crore units to 1.44 crore units during April to September 2023. During the first half of the 
fiscal year, the passenger vehicle segment grew from 22.76 lakh units to 24.18 lakh units, 
indicating a growth of 6% over last year.  
There is a silver lining with Maruti Suzuki, the India's largest car manufacturer registered highest 
ever monthly sales in September and cumulatively crossed 1 million mark in the first 6 months 
of Financial Year ‘24.  
This growth can be attributed towards the new model launches, coupled with an increasing 
premiumization trend. The two-wheeler sales were flattish during H1 Financial Year ‘24 
whereas 3 wheelers recorded a growth of 22% to 4.97 lakh units from 4.09 lakh units in H1 
financial year 23. The overall commercial vehicle vertical witnessed growth of 4% to 5.26 lakh 
units from 5.08 lakh units.  
Medium and heavy commercial vehicles have registered a steady growth of 8% to 1.85 lakh 
units. The first half of this fiscal year witnessed a lot of challenges in terms of inflation at 
elevated levels, geopolitical issues, subdued industry growth, etcetera. However, we have been 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
able to demonstrate a resilient performance especially during the second quarter of Financial 
Year ‘24 and have been successful in wavering some challenges to some extent.  
We have been saying that Financial Year ‘24 will be a year of beginning for the group and it is 
playing out so far. To improve our profitability, we have represented price increases to our 
customers worked very hard on reducing our internal costs with our suppliers and we are still 
working on making the operations in house. 
The investments made by the Company in the JV Company are yielding results. The aftermarket 
Company has already developed a strong Pan India network and started looking at markets 
outside the country. I am confident that all the hard work done by the Company in the past two  
to three years will start yielding better results for the remainder of this year and we should be 
back on making the fundamentals of the Company and the group strong and rock solid so that 
we can continue to build greater value for all the stakeholders.  
Now let me briefly give you an update on the business segments. The Company's core focus 
continues to be on the automotive industry. During the quarter under review, we started 
manufacturing parts for Honda’s new SUV called Elevate. In this segment, although we can see 
robust demand and sales coming through, we've developed a couple of premium products for 
our customers and these products have been well accepted by them and will come into mass 
production in the Quarter 4 of this financial year.  
The capacity utilizations stood at 80%, although the products being made by the Company are 
engine agnostic. However, for business sustainability we have been able to secure business with 
customers who are planning to launch electric vehicles in the future. Maruti Suzuki continues to 
be the biggest customer for us in this segment. Raw material prices continue to stabilize which 
caused a major hit on the margins of the Company since the last year.  
We are continuously discussing about compensation of inflammatory costs from the customers, 
and we are hopeful that within this quarter we will be having some favorable judgment. Since 
few quarters, we have been saying that our margins will improve once costs are under control. I 
am pleased to share that EBITDA margin especially on a sequential basis, has improved from 
6.6% in quarter 1 of Financial Year ‘24 to 9.4% in quarter 2 Financial Year ‘24 at a standalone 
level.  
As the material compensation was settled in first quarter in our JV Company it has started 
positive contribution in the consolidated results. Our second vertical for growth, the commercial 
tool room has a strong order book now. This year we have an order book of 65 tools already and 
are discussing business for another 53 tools. We are quite excited that this business will start 
with positive contribution to the Company from this financial year onwards.  

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Apart from PPAP this facility will cater to customers from Tier-1 makers of automotive 
component industry as well as electrical industry. There is traction coming in the industrial 
product segment as well. This year as announced to you in the last meeting we will start supplies 
for an export customer, which will be the first for the Company. In this segment, we are focusing 
on application engineering solutions in the areas of plastic extrusion, rubber extrusion as well as 
plastic injection molding.  
For the aftermarket verticals, which is done by the subsidiary Company Elpis, our Pan India 
distribution network has a distribution network of 120 distributors in the country. We are 
continuously adding SKUs for our customers. Our current offering is for 700 different products 
and will continue to enhance it every quarter. We're developing our strategy for exporting our 
products to geographies outside of the country.  
This business grew by more than 50% this year and we expect the traction to continue. The 
lithium-ion battery vertical continues to remain slightly under pressure, which has led to impact 
in the profitability.  
However, going forward, we are hopeful that we will be able to develop a strong order book and 
start supplying solutions to the customers. Our team was successful in getting the AIS 156 
approvals from its factory for two wheelers and three-wheeler applications. We were also 
successful in developing solutions for other mobility applications as well as ESS and robotics 
applications.  
On sustainability front, we have gone certified from EcoVadis. We are already complying with 
BRSR requirements on a voluntary level. We are a great place to work certified organization. 
We want to improve our sustainability reporting process continuously to ensure that we meet the 
highest reporting standards and expectations of all our stakeholders as well as increased visibility 
of our efforts in creating sustainable value for all stakeholders.  
Our latest sustainability report for financial year 23 is available on the Company's website. This 
is a new report which reports on the group level sustainability status. I urge everyone to kindly 
go to the Company's website and have a look at it. Through the Company's CSR activities, there 
is a constant focus on enriching people’s lives in areas of environment, education and health.  
The group supports various biodiversity parks by planting and sustaining native trees to improve 
the environmental conditions, especially during these times when Delhi is severely polluted and 
is considered as the most polluted city in the world.  
Now let me throw some light on the financial performance of quarter 2 Financial Year ‘24. At a 
standalone level, revenue increased from Rs.124.2 crores to Rs.140.5 crores in the quarter 
indicating a growth of 13.1% year-on-year. Revenue also increased by 26% on a quarter-on-
quarter basis. EBITDA has risen by 5.5% to Rs.13.2 crores on year-on-year basis, whereas it has 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
surged by 78.4% on a sequential basis. The Company registered a PAT of  Rs.2.7 crores a growth 
of 7.5% compared to corresponding period last year.  
Coming to the consolidated financials revenue increased from Rs.128.5 crores in quarter 2 
financial year 23 to Rs.148.4 crores indicating a rise of 15.5% year-on-year. The top line grew 
by 27.4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. While EBITDA stood at Rs.12.2 crores whereas on 
quarterly basis there was a sharp rise by 94.6%, PAT stood at Rs.0.5 crores.  
As I've said earlier, we anticipate Financial Year ‘24 to be a year of reckoning due to multiple 
tailwinds in the automobile industry as well as the positive additions from new initiatives started 
by the Company. Higher realization on account of better product mix, moderation in input prices 
and cost efficiency measures will support profitability. The CAPEX spending will be in line with 
the CAPEX of OEM's.  
The increase in capacity utilization coupled with the tariff revisions from the customers will put 
the Company on a sound footing to grow in the coming years. Thank you all for your kind 
listening, we will be more than happy to answer any questions that you may have. Over to you, 
Sagar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Piyush Parag from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Parag: 
So, sir I would like to have two questions. The first question is If you give some more color on 
the Maruti because that still holds to be 52% and if we look at from the quarter 2 to this quarter 
it's almost revenue contribution is the similar to 52% and so given that there are two questions. 
The first if you look out on the revenue side, SUV is the major key growth driver for Maruti, but 
how it has actually played out for you in terms of content per vehicle. So, if you can give some 
light on that.  
And the second question as we understand throughout your discussions, the margins are not 
relatively with other customers is not that great with Maruti, but being on the similar side, we 
see a good improvement in the margin. So, what has been the key contributor for the margin? 
So, it will be really great if you can just throw light on these two questions? 
Abhishek Jain: 
On the revenue side, Maruti continues to be our biggest customer and our average content per 
vehicle for Maruti is roughly between Rs. 2,500 toRs. 3,000 per vehicle. What else did you want 
to know about Maruti on the revenue side? 
Piyush Parag: 
So, my question was like for Maruti as overall the scheme if we look at SUV has been the key 
growth driver. For you in terms of your content per vehicle, let's say suppose 3 quarters 
previously like three quarters, four quarters. Do you see the improvement happening for you 
with Maruti's content per vehicle and in future how do you see is to improve further or it could 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
be on the similar trend as you said that even Maruti held by the premiumization trade. So, how 
this is actually playing out for you? 
Abhishek Jain: 
We are continuously getting business from Maruti for all Maruti models. Even SUVs like Jimny 
wherein we say this Rs.2500 to Rs.3,000, when it comes to Jimny, it is slightly higher than Rs. 
3,000. I think it's somewhere around Rs. 5,000 or something.  
We are present on the Vitara Brezza platform as well. We are present on the Grand Vitara 
platform as well. Our Chennai plant supplies those parts to the Toyota facility where all these 
cars are getting manufactured and now, we're discussing with Maruti for their new models which 
will be launched in the Kharkhoda plant.  
So, we are targeting not only SUVs, but every model which is being launched by the customers 
and for your SUVs specifically your question like Tata Motors is leading the segment right now 
with their range of SUVs. So, we are already present on all the platforms for them, and they are 
planning to launch a new SUV. You must have heard about this CURVV which is supposed to 
come out in the Quarter 4 of this financial year.  
So, in that model we have a higher business with the Tata Motors, I think it's roughly in the 
range of Rs.6,000 to Rs. 7,000 and in that model, we are going to learn a lot of premium products 
that we've developed by our own efforts in the Company and Elevate you already know that 
Elevate is also launched from Honda side and as informed while earlier our per car contribution 
is somewhere around Rs. 6,000 for that. 
Piyush Parag: 
So, it is 6k or 8k you said that 8 K is also there for Elevator?  
Abhishek Jain: 
It is around Rs. 6,000.  
Piyush Parag: 
I just wanted to understand also from the perspective of the margins from your customer profile, 
if what I have understood till now is that Maruti has not been that great for that in terms of the 
margin your contributions revenue share from Maruti is 52% again in the Q2 as it was in Q1, 
but there's a sharp jump in the Q2. So, can you give the specifics for the margin improvement 
probably from the customer side, what has led to that? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Primarily we got price increase from the customer for few of our parts that has been taken into 
account. There were some old issues with the Maruti that has come into place now and few are 
more pending, which should get implemented within this quarter. So, that should help the 
margins now going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajvi Shah from Bright Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Rajvi Shah: 
I just had two questions. The first is how is the EV business shaping up? Can you throw some 
light as we haven't seen much progress there and the second question is Maruti is going to launch 
phase lift of S-Cross and Ciaz, have we received any order flows from the same? If yes, then 
what will be the content per vehicle? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry which model did you say S-Cross and Ciaz? 
Rajvi Shah: 
Yes, S-Cross and Ciaz? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Actually, whatever parts we supply they are not affected by any minor model changes that the 
customers makes. So, our business per vehicle will continue to be the same as it was earlier and 
I'm sorry, but I don't have specific information right now about these particular models how 
much is the content per vehicle?  
As far as EV business goes on the passenger vehicle side, we are already doing business with lot 
of customers like Tata Motors and MG. We have overall about 10 electric vehicle customers 
whom we are working with. Maruti also you must have heard they're launching a new vehicle 
in next year an EV. So, we are present on that as well.  
So, it's a conscious focus for us to get into all the electric vehicles that are getting produced in 
the country. Technology side, our products are engine agnostic, so it really doesn't matter for us 
if it is an ICE engine, or an EV engine product technology is very similar and in case there is 
some difference our Company is very well equipped to deal with it by ourselves in house. We 
have a RTDC team which focuses on new projects, technology development and all and they are 
continuously launching new products to meet the customers requirement.  
As far as our subsidiary Company P Tech is concerned wherein, we are doing the lithium-ion 
battery business for electric vehicles there is still some pain left in that Company. We were 
expecting two models to start in during this quarter, but unfortunately the customer has delayed 
the launches. So, we will have to wait for more time to get good results out of that Company.  
But on the other side, we have developed solutions for the ESS application, and we are currently 
contacting all the people who do these energy storage solution and trying to get our products 
into their portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Mehra from Mehta Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Mehra: 
I have a couple of questions from my end first is like the margins are improving sequentially, so 
congratulations on that front, just wanted to understand like at what levels can we see the margins 
on a sustainable basis if you can throw some light here? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Abhishek Jain: 
For this particular current year, because there was some impact on the margins due to lower 
sales. So, this year it should be in the range of 10%. However, going forward in FY25, there 
should be improvement in the margin in that range of around 12% to 13%. 
Karan Mehra: 
The other question just wanted to understand the order book for Honda Elevate and if you can 
throw some light on what is the content per vehicle for the same model? 
Abhishek Jain: 
It's about Rs. 6,000 per vehicle. 
Karan Mehra: 
And the order book for the same? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Honda, I think is planning about 35,000 vehicles in this financial year in the balance 5 months 
and they are going to start exporting this vehicle to Japan next month. They've already started 
exporting to South Africa and in December most probably they will be starting export to Japan, 
and this Elevate is going to be called WR-V in Japan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yug Mehta from AP Capital. Please go ahead. 
Yug Mehta: 
How is the commercial tool room business performing, have you received any large orders there? 
Abhishek Jain: 
As I explained in my opening commentary, we already have an order book of 55 tools which we 
are going to do this year. We have a total capacity of making about 100 tools. So, in the first 6 
months we have a order book of almost you can say 55%. The balance is about 45, but I think 
apart from 55 we should be able to get orders for another 10 to 15 tools more. So, this year we 
should be making around 70 odd tools in our tool room. So, that will be almost a capacity 
utilization of 70 odd percent. 
Yug Mehta: 
Lastly sir where do we stand in terms of exporting our products, is there any update on that front? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, this month we are going to send our first order to U.S for our industrial product divisions 
and it's not a very big order, it's a small order, but this month we are starting deliveries. So, it's 
a cycle. So, once these parts are received by the customer they are inspected, put to use 
confidence and trust building happens, then we'll start getting more orders. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Preeti Mehta from Mehta Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Preeti Mehta: 
So, my question is how much of the top line comes from aftermarket vertical and what are the 
margins in that segment? 
Abhishek Jain: 
So, top line from the aftermarket is roughly 3% of our total turnover and margins are currently 
in the range of 9% to 10% of EBITDA. 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Preeti Mehta: 
And I have one more question how do you see the demand in H2 of the financial year and FY25? 
Sachin Jain: 
So, demand side currently the market is robust, and we are getting good production demand from 
the customer or the predicted volume from the coming quarter. So, we are hopeful that likewise 
in the H1 there was a automobile growth of around 6% and we are hopeful that that should be 
maintained in the H2 also. 
Preeti Mehta: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Piyush Parag from Nuvama Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Piyush Parag: 
Can you throw some more light on the EV business more in terms of the revenue contribution 
for the last two quarters, three quarters and how do we expect in FY25 and FY26 that 
contribution to be improving? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sorry we didn’t understand your question could you repeat it please? 
Piyush Parag: 
My question is the share revenue contribution from the EV business currently in the last two 
quarters how it has been improving and how do we expect in by the end of FY25 and FY26 to 
be the trend to be and where do you expect things to be like in a kind of a balanced growth for 
the EV business. So that would be helpful? 
Abhishek Jain: 
Piyush ji as I said this passenger vehicle EV business for this automotive business, we are 
targeting all the customers and we got business from Tata Motors as well and MG as well, and 
Suzuki new model which is planning to come that also business we have been able to 
successfully get and the other biggest customer for passenger vehicle is Mahindra whom with 
we are discussing.  
So, I think this business will pan out as the market grows. We don't have a separate projection 
or something for the EV business. Our basic parameter is that whoever is making the EV today 
we should be present with that customer that's the parameter which we are measuring and as I 
have already explained for the lithium-ion battery business, we still have to wait and watch.  
Two customers were supposed to start production during this quarter, but unfortunately, they 
could not start production and it's gotten delayed, so we have to wait and watch to see how things 
plan out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonu Harsana who's an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sonu Harsana: 
So, my question regarding since Tata Motors contribute our third largest customer and they have 
launched Tata Nexon and there is no mention in the presentation that you are supplying to Nexon 
or Harrier or Safari. So, any clarification on that? 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Sachin Jain: 
In presentations, we don't mention all the models which we are supplying. So, we are supplying 
I think the n number of model for each customer. So, we mentioned the model where we started 
the supply of the new model coming up from the customer side. So, we don't mention all the 
models, we are supplying in the Harrier also and Nexon also and other two, three models also 
we are supplying to the Tata Motors.  
Sonu Harsana: 
One more question since like last financial year, you are telling us that the EBITDA margin will 
be somewhere around 15%, can you reduce it to let's say 12%, 13% and now you are saying that 
10% EBITDA margin for this Financial Year ‘24. Since all the commodity cost is going down. 
So, why we are downgrading the EBITDA margin, and we are also talking about like some price 
appreciation for our customer. So, like why downgrading the EBITDA margin? 
Sachin Jain: 
So, about that EBITDA margin so we have not already mentioned that you will able to do 15% 
kind of thing in the next financial year and it is based on the particular situation and expectation 
of the commodity prices and how they will move for the particular item which we are using and 
the negotiation with their customer which is the dynamic thing. So, based on that it depends. So, 
based on the current situation and how the prices are there, and the negotiation is going on with 
the customers, based on that we are EBITDA margin. 
Sonu Harsana: 
One more further question like let us say in the first 6 months or first half of Financial ‘24, we 
produced somewhere around 20 crores to 22 crore of cash from operations and like we invested 
almost 16 crore to 18 crore of cash in plant and equipment and all that. So, my question is, is 
this a growth CAPEX or just maintenance CAPEX?  
Sachin Jain: 
So, it is the combined CAPEX. So, if you see because when any new model comes up there 
would always be requirement of the balancing CAPEX. So, it combines both sometimes you 
need to invest in that tooling also for the same model where this amortization is there. So, it is 
combination of both some of the maintenance CAPEX and some of the I would not say exactly 
the increase in the capacity, but to the balance CAPEX requirement or the special purpose 
machine requirement for the customer new models or the new part which we have developed. 
Sonu Harsana: 
My question is there is still some gross debt is somewhere around 150 crores and like three years, 
four years back it used to be 20 crores to 30 crores. Obviously, we started some new business, 
and they are not contributing as of now as they should be. So, like my question is like the debt 
level where we're going to maintain because we already have 150 crores of debt, that is almost 
50% of our equity and that is a lot of debt, and we haven't invested anything in our part business 
that contributes 90% to 95% of our revenue. So, like these new businesses have all the debt and 
they are not contributing at all. So, how do you like going ahead where should be the debt? 
Sachin Jain: 
Yes, on the debt side, we are also quite watchful. It is not like that the whole money is invested 
in the other initiative which Company has taken. So, there are certain requirements in the 
automotive business also like in the Gujarat area or the Chennai area or there is a current plant 

 
PPAP Automotive Limited  
November 17, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
also to meet the customer requirements and about debt level we are quite watchful we will try to 
maintain the debt at current levels only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Abhishek Jain for closing comments. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you Sagar. I thank everyone for taking time out of your busy schedules to attend the 
conference call today. Please feel free to approach us with any questions that you may have. 
We'll be more than happy to show you around the excellent facilities that have been created to 
service the customers. I thank SGA Advisors for organizing this call last but not the least, a big 
thank you to the team at PPAP for supporting this call. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PPAP Automotive Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
