 
November 16, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited. 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 500135 
Trading Symbol: EPL 
 
Sub. :  Transcript of the Conference Call - EPL Limited (“Company”) 
  
Ref. :  1.  Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (as amended) 
(“SEBI LODR Regulations”) 
 
 
2.  ISIN: INE255A01020 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
In furtherance of our intimation(s) dated November 1, 2023 and November 8, 2023, we are 
enclosing herewith, the Transcript of the conference call for the Analysts/ Investors, which was 
held on November 8, 2023, to discuss the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial 
Results of the Company for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2023 (“said 
transcript”). 
 
The said transcript is also made available on the website of the Company i.e. at 
www.eplglobal.com/investors/shareholder-information. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully,  
For EPL Limited 
 
 
 
Onkar Ghangurde 
Head - Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
ONKAR DEEPAK 
GHANGURDE
Digitally signed by ONKAR 
DEEPAK GHANGURDE 
Date: 2023.11.16 18:02:03 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“EPL Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST 
MR. PRATIK THOLIYA – SYSTEMATIX INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND KRIPALU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
GLOBAL CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – EPL LIMITED 
MR. M.R. RAMASAMY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - 
EPL LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - EPL 
LIMITED 
MR. SHRIHARI RAO - PRESIDENT AMESA REGION - EPL 
LIMITED 
MR. ONKAR GHANGURDE - HEAD - LEGAL, COMPANY 
SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER  - EPL LIMITED 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to EPL Limited’s Q2 FY2024 earnings 
conference call hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. As a reminder all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pratik Tholiya from 
Systematix. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Pratik Tholiya: 
Thank you very much. Good evening everyone. On behalf of Systematix Institutional 
Equities I would like to welcome all the participants who logged into this conference call of 
EPL to discuss Q2 FY2024 Results. From the management we have with us Mr. Anand 
Kripalu - MD & Global CEO, Mr. M.R. Ramasamy - COO, Mr Deepak Goyal - CFO, Mr. 
Shrihari Rao - President AMESA region; and Mr. Onkar Ghangurde - Head - Legal, Company 
Secretary & Compliance Officer. At the outset I would like to thank the management for 
giving us this opportunity to host the call. I would like to now welcome Mr. Anand Kripalu 
to start the proceedings by giving his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Anand Kripalu: 
Hello everyone and very good evening and welcome to the Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call.  
The operating environment continued to move in the right direction with relatively benign 
commodity cost. During the quarter significantly EPL crossed Rs. 1000 Crore revenue for the 
first time and also delivered the highest ever quarterly absolute EBITDA of Rs. 181 Crores. 
Specifically in Q2, EPL posted a revenue growth of 5.6% impacted by softening 
commodities, which necessitated some pricing pass-through. Excluding Brazil, the 
underlying business growth was 4% broad-based across all regions. AMESA grew at 5.5% 
impacted by the devaluation of the Egyptian pound. India’s standalone however grew by 
6.9%. EAP continued its strong performance with double digit growth of 13.2%. Europe grew 
by 5.5%, and Americas by 6%. Inter-region elimination led to the overall growth being 4%. 
Our continued focus on personal care and beyond has seen success with the category now 
contributing 48% to our total sales in H1. Importantly our journey on EBITDA margin 
recovery continued very strongly. We delivered a solid EBITDA margin of 19%, which was 
an improvement of 267 basis points year-on-year and 103 basis points sequentially versus the 
previous quarter with an absolute EBITDA growth of 21% year-on-year, this is a result of, of 
course some softening costs coupled with active price management, mix improvement and 
significant P&L productivity. This is the fifth straight quarter of EBITDA margin increase 
reposing confidence in the ability of this business to sustainably deliver industry-leading 
margin. Net profit for the company grew by 50.4% and ROCE also improved to 16.5%, 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
including Brazil EBITDA margins stood at 18.1% and absolute EBITDA and PAT growth 
was 18.3% and 9.5% respectively. Specifically, on Brazil our plant is scaling up really well, 
as you know it is a state-of-the-art manufacturing facility integrated with SAP HANA. In the 
first full quarter of operations itself Brazil reached over 80% of the lead customers committed 
volume. It is poised to fulfill the lead customers demand in the next few months and can open 
up to take other customers’ orders. In fact, we have already produced a few sample batches 
for validation and are confident of expanding the customer base in the near future. 
 
Moving onto sustainability, innovations and so on, we continue to make progress towards our 
ambition to be the most sustainable packaging company in the world. External recognitions 
and awards further validate that we continue to move in the right direction. As you are aware 
we were awarded Gold by EcoVadis which puts us in the top 5% of all manufacturing 
companies worldwide. I shared earlier we have lunched a company wide effort towards 
EcoVadis Platinum which will put us in the top 1% of all companies worldwide on 
sustainability. It is important to note that our key global customers like Colgate, Unilever, 
P&G and so on have announced bold target to move to recyclable packaging in the very near 
future. Our strong portfolio of recyclable tubes, backend capability through substantial 
investment over the past few years coupled with sustainable processes puts us in a very 
advantageous position to capitalize on this opportunity, all this while contributing towards 
making the world a better place. 
 
Looking ahead what do we see, and there are two legs to our agenda for looking ahead the 
first is driving revenue growth and the second is margin expansion. Clearly one of our key 
priorities is to accelerate our revenue growth towards our stated ambition of double-digit 
growth. To achieve this, we are taking two key initiatives building on everything else that we 
are doing already on the business. The first is an even more aggressive play in personal care 
and beyond of which beauty and cosmetics is the largest segment. Now this is a very large 
category of 25 billion tubes where EPL has about a 10% share. Now as you know we have 
been growing at a fast pace in this category and it contributes 48% of our revenue already. 
However, the opportunity and headroom for accelerated growth remains very large and this 
is a big, big focus for us. To capture this opportunity, we have strengthened our portfolio 
through multiple innovations such as near seam elimination called NEO Seam, high-end 
printing and decoration capabilities. This has improved our right to succeed significantly. 
Further we have invested in the backend to deliver requirements of smaller customers in the 
personal care category like short and smaller batch sizes with frequent changeovers and so 
on. 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
Finally, we are strengthening our front-end team through additional headcount and  
re-skilling so as to aggressively hunt down additional volume. So this is all what we are doing 
to accelerate our growth within personal care and beyond. The second leg of our growth 
agenda is to fully capitalize on the Brazil opportunity and as I mentioned before we feel very 
excited about this, we have only just started and believe there is significant opportunity to 
expand and grow. The second leg of looking ahead apart from revenue growth is margin 
expansion. We have consistently improved our margins over the last few quarters. In this 
process we have developed some important muscles like active price management and strong 
middle of the P&L productivity. We continue to have a very strong pipeline of initiatives that 
will help us continue the journey on margin improvement and take us to 20% plus margin. 
 
To summarize our priorities going ahead are to continue the growth momentum in India and 
China and deal with some demand softening in Western geographies, accelerate beauty and 
cosmetics through innovation and backend capability, ramp up Brazil volumes and expand 
the customer base there, leverage our sustainable portfolio to drive customer conversion and 
wallet share gain as our customers themselves strive to achieve the commitments that they 
have made and finally continued focus on margin improvement through mix and cost 
efficiency, efficient capital allocation and manufacturing, local location optimization. So in 
continuation of past quarter we remain focused on driving growth with margin expansion and 
remain confident about our ability to deliver double digit growth with margin improvement. 
With that, I will open up the line for question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Nilesh Daha from Julius Baer Bank. Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Daha: 
Hi. Thanks a lot for your fairly comprehensive opening remarks. I saw in your presentation 
there is a section where you are talking about recycled tubes and this is about 10% and you 
wanted to go to 20% and there is a glide path going forward. Can you talk a bit about two 
aspects, first - what is your role in the supply chain to enable this recycling to happen and 
second - is there advantage that you have from a margin point of view as you substitute your 
sort of normal tubes to recycle tubes? 
Anand Kripalu: 
The thing is this that we have technology that allows us to apply recyclable tubes to our 
customers. Last year 10% of the tubes that we applied were recyclable and this year we expect 
it to be over 20% and we expect it to accelerate very dramatically over the next couple of 
years, as the customer commitments also need to get achieved and therefore, they are putting 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
pressure on us. Now there are two aspects to this, we believe that we have amongst the best 
recyclable tube in terms of just the thickness, the use of the plastic and barrier properties, but 
importantly also have the best backend capability and capacity to be able to supply these 
recyclable tubes around the world. Now as far as the second part of your question is concerned 
about 
margins, 
this 
is 
a 
question 
I 
have 
addressed 
in 
the 
past.  
In the area of sustainability, charging a higher margin versus chasing market share is a 
strategic choice. You can choose, try and make a higher margin and put background 
dispersion and make it more difficult for companies to convert orwhat you could say is I will 
supply to at pretty much the same price, give or take a bit, cover your margins fully make the 
same amount of money maybe a bit more, be sure that you will be able to supply them, so 
that the conversion happens. And while this helps customers, you do this in the quest to get a 
higher share of wallet. It is the right thing to do for a company where sustainability is an 
important driver of our business. 
Nilesh Daha: 
That makes a lot of sense. I think the only sort of insight that I was looking for is that, is there 
an IP or an edge in terms of recyclable tube versus normal tubes and does that allow you to 
sort of build a deeper relationship with your customers? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So the thing is this that everybody will ultimately have to have recyclable tubes, otherwise 
they will go out of business. Question about this game is, are you one step ahead always 
compared to other people -so are you able to provide solutions ahead of others, are you able 
to do it with less use of plastic, are you able to create better or deliver better barrier properties, 
are you able to deliver better decorations and look and feel like, see-through tubes or metallic 
finish tubes that are fully recyclable. So this game is about staying one step ahead. Now we 
believe that we are currently at least one if not several steps ahead of other players when you 
look at this in totality, but the work on R&D and staying one step ahead is something that 
you have to keep doing. Now couple this with the fact that you require capex and 
enhancement in the backend to deliver these, exactly the same machines cannot deliver the 
tubes at the same capacity. So you need to do unlocks and that is something we have been 
doing for the last two to three years to make sure that we are recyclable ready in terms of our 
capacity and today 85% of our capacity is recyclable ready. So if you look at this in totality 
that gives you a source of competitive advantage, at least that is what we see. 
Nilesh Daha: 
Thought right and I will get back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from land of Sameer Gupta from India Infoline. Please go ahead. 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Sameer Gupta: 
Hi Sir. Good evening and thanks for taking my questions. One thing I noticed during the 
quarter is that interest cost has seen a spike around Rs. 31 Crores this quarter and I see there 
is no material change in the net-debt or lease liabilities in the balance sheet, so any particular 
reason why there is an interest cost plus price and how should we model this going forward? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Yes, I am just passing this on to Deepak, our CFO. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So the interest cost increased the combination of the hard interest rate scenario, which 
continues across the world, but more specifically in the western side of the world, both US 
and Europe. We have taken a debt for our Brazil capex, which is a Greenfield capex and we 
kind of funded through external borrowings. The interest rate in Brazil and for that matter in 
South America kind of is high and that reflects in the interest cost. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it and this is going to continue for the foreseeable future I believe? 
Deepak Goyal: 
I think that probably for next two to three quarters probably the interest rates will continue to 
stay hard as kind of everyone is predicting. But hopefully after that we should start seeing 
some softening in the interest costs, which will then flow into our P&L. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Second question on Europe and Americas. I see the growth here continue to be sub-par. 
Americas if you adjust for the additional sales of Brazil, it is still a mid-single digit kind of a 
growth, Europe also around 5%-5.5% so what is basically going on here and what is the 
outlook in this part of the business? 
Anand Kripalu: 
I think I will address Americas and Europe separately. I think as far as Americas is concerned 
and we are talking about excluding Brazil for now. Having said that Brazil is organic growth 
for this business, so ultimately we must look at it including Brazil, but since I have read out 
America’s growth at 6% excluding Brazil let me comment on that. I think you should expect 
to see some acceleration of the America’s growth as we look ahead, but you will also see that 
there has been a significant P&L improvement in terms of EBITDA margin in the America. 
So I think we are focused on making sure that we fix the P&L for the Americas and you can 
see now we are at mid-teens margins and we are hoping for that to even go up further and a 
lot of the other initiatives that I talked to you about particularly on B&C where we actually 
have the smaller shares in the US for instance, that acceleration is going to help us to 
accelerate revenues in the future, but the good news is that we would have kind of fixed the 
P&L so the accelerated revenue will actually yield dividends back to the business. I think as 
far as Europe is concerned I think the growth is modest if at all, but 5%-6% growth is not a 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
disaster in Europe if you think of what is happening in the continent. Our bigger challenge in 
Europe is to fix the P&L like we have done for the Americas and I just want to say that we 
are seized of this issue. This issue has been going on for many quarters now and the EBITDA 
margin is something that we need to fix. We have currently structured our cost base in Europe 
for higher levels of growth and I think what we are very clear about today is that either we 
quickly accelerate growth in Europe or else we start cooling the cost base, and we are seized 
of this and we are committed to delivering mid-teens margins in Europe. Having said all of 
this I just want you and others on this call to recognize that Europe accounts for about 5% of 
our total EBIT so that is the materiality of Europe. So while we are seized for fixing it, it is 
not something that is significantly moving the needle adversely for EPL as a whole. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Got it Sir. Just a followup on Americas we had an expectation of margin improvement 
because there were some one-off insurance related costs, so how much of this margin 
improvement that you are seeing 15.7% is because of that? 
Anand Kripalu: 
The higher insurance cost is actually a structural issue in US because the insurance loss has 
become fairly stringent and because of that our insurance cost has gone up. We are working 
on couple of projects which involve capital investments as well as efforts to bring it down 
structurally. Those projects will fructify by Q4 of FY2024, so even in 15.7% margin we 
continue to incur the higher investment cost, post Q4 of FY2024 we will start seeing the 
benefit of lower insurance coming. 
Deepak Goyal: 
So directionally, I think you should take away that we are absolutely committed to delivering 
mid to high teens margins for the America, and this is a step in that direction. I think that is 
what we need to probably take away from this. 
Sameer Gupta: 
Great Sir. That is all from me. I will come back in the queue if I have any followups. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Good evening Sir. Thanks for taking the question. First again on the recyclable tubes you did 
allude to tell us that the tube pricings are not really very different for our traditional laminated 
tubes versus the recyclable tubes. Can you give the entire economics, are we even same at 
the EBITDA level or are we incurring higher cost, and can increase in the renewable tubes 
we are looking at going to 60% would be dilute or would it be a margin accretive of a larger 
mix which you have this on a scale? 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, it will absolutely not dilute. I think the question earlier was about taking a premium for 
these tubes and make a higher margin in the worst-case scenario. We will make as much 
money as we are making today. We will not dilute the margin per million tube or the 
percentage margin that we make, so I think we are very, very clear about that. The question 
is whether we will make more margin or not and we have said strategically we do not want 
to be opportunistic as far as this is concerned, we want to invest with our customers for the 
long-term growth of sustainable tubes as a larger industry and that is the decision that is why 
we are playing it the way we are playing. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Got it. Just one related question. I think Colgate is largely backward integrated if I understand 
it right for their own tubes barring India and does it give us an opportunity to currently deeper 
into Colgate as a global account? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Well, we would love to and it is something that we are absolutely seized off, now it represents 
a big structural model change for Colgate and whether they will open up their doors to 
outsourcing the tubes or not is the larger question, but we are looking at it step-by-step when 
we start supplying laminate, printed laminate, can we do whatever we can to make inroads, 
but I think that is an absolute opportunity, and we are exploring everything that we can as far 
as that is concerned. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But any initial talks, anything you can share, do they have that much of a technology 
bandwidth because this is not something which is the core for them. Any initial thoughts we 
had discussion because they are our customer as well? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Of course they are and all I can tell you is we are very seized of this opportunity. They are 
the biggest oral care player in the world, we are very seized with this opportunity, we will do 
everything we can, we will leave no stone unturned but beyond that to share here what 
conversations we are having with the customer and so on I think is not appropriate honestly, 
but just recognize that we are seized of this and we will do everything we can. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. Just again extending the same recyclable tube. We are looking to grow big in 
beauty and cosmetic and extruded tubes are very popular in that segment and they are 
naturally recyclable single plastic, they qualify for most of those qualifications. Given this 
scenario, do you think the conversion from an extruded tube to the laminated tubes in beauty 
and cosmetic can actually be slower in a scenario of growing recyclable tubes? 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Anand Kripalu: 
We actually think that we absolutely can convert and I think, what is the right to win our 
laminated tubes - First of all the barrier to conversion to laminated tube historically was the 
cosmetic appeal of the tube because of the size scene and I called out my opening comments 
that now with near zero seam, which we are calling NEOSeam technology, we are able to 
almost eliminate the negative cosmetic appeal of the seal so that is the first thing. The second 
thing is that as far as extruded tubes are concerned; it is very hard to have extruded tubes with 
plastic less than 350 to 400 microns. In laminated tubes you can go to 200 microns. So while 
one of the things is recyclability is cosmetic appeal, the other thing that is really important is 
the total plastic consumed and because the total plastic consumed in a laminated tube could 
be significantly less than in an extruded tube, there is also a significant price advantage that 
you can offer to laminated tubes. So net-net, less plastic, actually better barrier properties 
because of the layers that you can have in a laminated tube, better barrier properties depending 
on the product in size, as good cosmetic appeal because of elimination of high seam as well 
as all the bells and whistles of printing and other design embellishments, and a cost advantage. 
So there are significant benefits of a laminated tube. The only barrier for conversion was the 
seam for which now we have an alternative technology that can eliminate that or near 
eliminate that. So that is the story. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One related question to Brazil. This quarter we have done a revenue of close to Rs. 16 Crores 
(Rs. 159 million),EBITDA loss of Rs. 58 million and a PAT loss of Rs. 220 Million, even if 
I take 100% reaching to this customer, we will be at Rs. 190 million of revenues that means 
even at 100% conversion to this customer we will not completely recover at the EBITDA 
level let alone attack. At what level do you think you will break even at EBITDA and PAT 
level and will FY2025 entire year be a journey of incurring losses or you think next year you 
can turn at least at the EBITDA level profitable for Brazil? 
Anand Kripalu: 
First of all the journey of incurring losses is start-up related and not steady state business 
related.So in the start-up phase, which includes the data that you read out, which is absolutely 
correct, is to do with all the high start-up costs, setup cost and higher cost inventory and so 
on and so forth that we are carrying. Actually as we look ahead not in FY2025 but even in 
FY2024, towards the end of FY2024, we will absolutely not just break even we will be 
making positive EBITDA and positive EBITDA margin. So FY2025 will be full steady state 
and we believe will be EBITDA margin accretive to the total business. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
We will do more than 20% EBITDA margin in Brazil in FY2025 in that case. 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Anand Kripalu: 
This question is related to EPL global. Now you can assume whatever number that is, but that 
is what I am saying. So I would request you not to extrapolate the current quarter’s numbers 
the way they look and think that that is how Brazil will play out. So that is the message on 
Brazil and Brazil very quickly I would say in the next month and certainly quarter will start 
delivering positive EBITDA. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
This is my last question, I know I have extended it, but this one will be the last one, and the 
Brazil how many customers are we talking today beyond the anchor customer? 
Anand Kripalu: 
Well, we have a list of I would say 10 interesting prospects, a couple of whom we have 
already given samples to which they have put into storage in testing because the process that 
you follow in this business and we have like I said apart from these couple of seven or eight 
more we have shown interest and some include big multinational players who have shown a 
lot of interest in actually substantive volume. Now if some of those orders come through, we 
might need to actually expand our facility and add another line and the good news is the civil 
work and utilities and so on has been done, so it is quite easy for us to put another line to 
service any big customer orders that come our way. So I would say 8 to 10 is the list of 
prospects we have, I would say couple of those are hot, the others are warm, and there may 
be many more cold prospects as well, but as I had mentioned earlier we are currently focused 
on delivering our commitments to the anchor customer fully and then expanding our customer 
base. But on the side we have started talking to other customers as well, but currently we are 
only supplying to our anchor customer because that is our commitment today. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That is fairly comprehensive answer. Thanks Anand for answering all the questions and best 
of luck for the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Douglas from Invesco. Please go ahead. 
Douglas Turnbull: 
Thanks very much. You mentioned in the slide deck that the underlying business performance 
was partially offset by soft commodity impact in pricing, could you just unpack this statement 
a bit, how much is this headwind to the topline and to what degree is it kind of flip side of the 
improving margins? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So we are not presently breaking up volume and price mix and so on and so forth in terms of 
granular details and we have mentioned in the past reasons why we do not think that would 
be a good reflection or measure of our strategy. All I can say is that price mix has been 
negative and that has therefore affected our revenue numbers in the quarter. Now what I can 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
also say is that that is likely to continue for another quarter or so because last year we were 
lapping higher input costs and therefore some higher pricing levels related to those input 
costs. So this thing has to unwind a bit further because commodities remain benign or I would 
say relatively flattish. So they are not going down any further incidents, they have remained 
flattish now for the last several months, but the pricing has to unwind back, and we are 
obviously playing this as best as we can contractual customers it plays out almost directly 
based on the contract and non-contractual customers we are trying to see how best we can 
retain as much of that as possible, but that will play out over the next quarter or so till the 
commodities and pricing catches up with each other. Having said all of this I think it is 
important to say that we are confident of continuing to deliver solid absolute EBITDA growth 
in this business. 
Douglas Turnbull: 
Thank you. I just wonder how much of the margin expansion we have seen was a function of 
price catching up to soft commodity prices which have obviously been high we have been 
passing that through and regaining margin as those soft commodities are now a bit lower to 
flat and we unwind that, is there margin expansion still to come from this, is it the case that 
if the topline still remains with this as a headwind that we are still going to get some margin 
expansion benefit? 
Anand Kripalu: 
You will get margin expansion benefit and you are right, part of the percentage margin 
expansion is translation, part of it is real, but if you look at just the absolute EBITDA growth, 
that is the real reflection of the profit pool and the profit of the company that we are 
generating, and that is growing solidly and there is no optical benefit as far as absolute 
EBITDA is concerned. So the margin is what it is, but the absolute EBITDA and I just said 
that it will continue to grow solidly, now we can decode what solidly means, but it will 
continue to be solid in terms of absolute EBITDA growth. 
Douglas Turnbull: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Viraj from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on good numbers in such a challenging 
environment. Most of my queries have been answered, just two specific queries. I think you 
shared a presentation towards the end of the last quarter and it was quite a very detailed 
elaborate strategic presentation, so thank you for that. Just had one query on that if you look 
at our own expectation over the next 3-4 years in terms of margins we are expecting 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
eventually the business to move towards say 21%-22% EBITDA margins, so just kind of 
want to get the thought process into what gives you the confidence to achieve those kind of a 
margin structure especially if I look at last 10-15 years we have never had that kind of a 
margin base, so if you can just build more drivers of those margins and what are the factors 
internally which we have in our control and maybe irrespective of the growth strategy which 
we are expecting which you can help us achieve that kind of a margin so some more deeper 
color on that? 
Anand Kripalu: 
No, absolutely. So first of all, the 21 and 22 numbers are yours, they are not mine by the way. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
This is on the implicit derivation on the EBITDA and the sales, which we are expecting the 
high and the low end so just on the derivation on that. 
Anand Kripalu: 
I have said 20% plus and they will get to 20% plus. Now what is going to give us confidence 
that we can continue to improve margins. There are four, five things there. First is this 
aggressive accelerated growth that we are going after in B&C beauty and cosmetics, which 
is mix accretive and margin accretive so that is the first thing. As we accelerate B&C even 
faster than the historical growth rates which were called it by the way, then we are going to 
get an improvement in margin. Apart from this we believe that the muscles we built on 
strategic price management is a muscle that is going to help us and as we look ahead and 
there are many things that we are doing incidentally for opportunities for margin 
improvement through cost takeout. We have opportunities for continued insourcing to bring 
in-house some of the things that we outsource like the amount of caps that we buy from 
outside, and there is an opportunity to bring those in and steal those margins and keep it in-
house. Some manufacturing realignment and as we speak there are some shifts we are doing 
between plants to move capacity and volume from higher cost locations to lower cost 
locations. They are exploring possibilities of cross sourcing between plants and even between 
regions as opportunities and collective automation particularly in high-cost regions. So there 
are many things that we are going to continue to do while keeping our belts absolutely tight 
on our operating expenses and we believe there is still juice as far as some of these things are 
concerned. So when you look at these, which will include some structural cost takeout and 
some continuous improvement projects, we feel there is enough in the part to continue to 
drive the margin agenda. If I am honest with all of you on the call today, I think in the last 
two years we, as a management team, were upset with margin and cost because of the crazy 
input cost environment that we were all part of and therefore if you like we had taken a bit of 
our eye off growth and put a lot, probably both eyes behind cost and margin and many of you 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
will recall that every call was about margin and when will we get our margins back. All I am 
telling you now is that we are doubling up management focus and intensity behind 
accelerating growth and that I think is what will create a very robust P&L while still keeping 
one foot on the break of costs through all the initiatives that I spoke about, but I just want to 
be sure that people recognize that we are significantly stepping up efforts behind growth. Cost 
is actually more deterministic; it is more with an internal control on margin and cost 
management. Growth is a bit more probabilistic because it is more external pacing, and that 
requires a lot more focus from management, but that is how we are approaching the business 
as we look ahead and this is not something that will play out in one quarter, two quarters, but 
to your question over the next couple of years. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just a followup on this, so the elements like product mix is more external driven, but if I have 
to look at these three-four factors which you talked about what will be the major driver of the 
margin improvement, and second question is so elements like insourcing or moving from 
high cost to low cost definition where would we be in that whole journey is it still early days 
or a good amount of work is already done, any more perspective if you can share on these? 
Anand Kripalu: 
We are not at the start of the journey, but there is still a lot of meat available in that journey, 
whether it is in-sourcing or cross-sourcing and so on and so forth. We also have opportunities 
for some structural cost takeouts, which we are looking at, honestly with a fine-tooth comb. 
Now none of these are things that we have never done before, but cost takeout is something 
that every time you look at the same problem through different lens you find opportunity, and 
we have opportunities on the table today that we know we can exploit. Apart from which the 
muscles we have let us say on productivity improvement, just regular day-to-day efficiency 
improvements are actually quite substandard and have been delivering every year. Otherwise 
our margin erosion may have been even higher. So these are all things that we are doing, 
some of them have different lead times because they may involve some capex, some 
transferring of equipment from one place to the other and so on and so forth, but we are 
absolutely seized of these and when I have given a guidance of saying we are absolutely 
focused on taking our margin to 20% plus and this is not a guidance for a quarter. We run the 
business on a year-to-year basis, but we have confidence that we will get to this sooner rather 
than later. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Sumant Kumar: 
Can you talk about Americas margin normalized and in couple of years what are the steps we 
have taken and can we assume in next couple of years Americas margin can be the level of 
what it was two to three years ago? 
Anand Kripalu: 
We are committed to getting Americas’ margins to mid to high teen in that range. So it is 
very close to where we used to be certainly earlier. Now what has happened is that as far as 
Americas is concerned a lot of the margin erosion was because of the time it took us to get 
pricing particularly some of our contracted customers in a highly inflationary environment 
and the second thing is that just the cost impact particularly in the US of COVID, of wages, 
of healthcare, of absenteeism, of overtime was just unprecedented, so a lot of these were kind 
of input cost driven, which actually today have basically started unwinding, and we also had 
other challenges internally have come up with some inventory, some manufacturing 
challenges and so on and many of these are now behind. So as these have started unwinding 
you have started seeing an improvement in the margins which are reflected in our Q2 numbers 
and we remain confident, you can always have a little bit plus and minus here or there in the 
dynamic environment, but we are confident that the trajectory for improvement is well on its 
way. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So Brazil is also a key reason for lower margin of Americas so with the stabilization of Brazil 
and Brazil, we are assuming a better margin business segment, so can we assume that 
Americas margin will have a better than what it was two to three years ago? 
Anand Kripalu: 
So the Americas’ margin that you are seeing in the investor deck is excluding Brazil. The 
15.7 EBITDA margin that is there in the investor deck is excluding Brazil. Our plan is that 
Brazil in steady state will be margin accretive to Americas and have actually said that will be 
margin accretive to EPL globally as well so that is how you should read it as well. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil from SIMPL. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Hello. Good evening. Just two questions. First one is a continuation. Sir you mentioned that 
one of the key levers for the margins and overall for the company the focus area is shifted 
from margins and cost to growth and growth in the beauty and cosmetic segment. Now if I 
look at this journey EPL has been going through this over the last many years, so consistently 
we have been improving the mix between oral and beauty and cosmetics what has changed 
at the marketplace level where you believe that probably it is a good time to accelerate on 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
this segment or what differently you are doing as to what we have been doing all these years 
that is one. And secondly if you look at EPL’s history in last 15 years we have seen all kinds 
of external challenges including at promoter level and all which have impacted the business, 
but the business has remained study, now as a CEO if I have to ask you about what would be 
the key risk which you see in this business and I would not go into the risk on the oil volatility 
and all because that has been happening over the last 15 years and company has recovered 
margins and again moved on to business as usual, but other than this what could be the biggest 
challenges or risks which you foresee? 
Anand Kripalu: 
As far as B&C acceleration is concerned, you are absolutely right. This business was an oral 
care company a decade ago and it has come a long way since then where half the business 
today is in personal care and beyond, so non-oral care sale. Now we believe that oral care 
will continue to grow at the rate at which it is growing with some step changes in growth 
coming through Brazil and so on and so forth and some opportunities for share gain and wallet 
share gain. However, if you want to accelerate the total business to solid double-digit growth 
then it has to come through a further acceleration of beauty and cosmetics beyond what we 
have grown in the last decade. Now what has changed I think is first and foremost our ability 
to compete with extruded tubes, which is the main stay of beauty and cosmetics in the 
marketplace today, and that is through the creation of the NEOSeam technology, which I said 
earlier has eliminated the seam. Opportunities of innovation through printing and design and 
applicators and nozzles and so on, I think we have either we are equal to or better than what 
can be offered by extruded tube as far as all these things are concerned with the added 
advantage of cost and less plastic usage. So I think sometimes what happens in life is suddenly 
you feel the stars are reliant, the ducks are in a row and the penny dropped, and I think the 
cracking NEOSeam capability has brought the whole thing together and we said now we can 
take a real onslaught onto extruded tubes and we have clear right to win versus extruded tubes 
may not be in brands where the cost of the tube is not important to them or where the amount 
of plastic they use is not important to them, but for a massive market segment where the cost 
is important and the amount of plastic they are using is important. So I think this is a big thing 
that has changed and our ability to service them. The second thing is this, by and large if you 
want to increase your customer base in beauty and cosmetics, you have to have faster 
turnarounds, you have to do smaller back sizes, in short you need backend flexibility and 
agility, which is of a different order from what you need in oral care. We have now either 
built or well on the way to building that kind of backend and finally as the management team 
we are saying we are going to significantly step up our hunting organization which is both 
the number of people and the skill level to get a new business. So when you put all this 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
together we feel we have an opportunity to accelerate the B&C growth. It is an ambition, we 
have a plan beneath it, we have already segmented the market to identify which customers 
we must go after and we have started that journey. So that is exactly how we are doing it and 
that is what is different. As far as you are saying as the CEO what are the risks. So I will tell 
you the last two years what I have seen is just the ability in a B2B business to get pricing in 
a highly inflationary cost environment. So what keeps me awake is if you are in a benign cost 
environment then it is kind of smooth water, the ship sailing, kind of shining. It is relatively 
more predictable to do business. So one of the risks of this business and may not be to do oil 
but it could be do of anything else that happened last time, where suddenly the input costs go 
out of whack and it takes you time to catch up on pricing. The only confidence I have is that 
this time we catch up much faster than we did last time. Second is our ability to grow at 
aggressively in the Western geography so I would say as I said in my summary continue the 
growth momentum in India and China and deal with some demand softening in the Western 
geography. Now given that we are a global business, we have the benefits of a global business 
and sometimes also a victim of some of the regions where there could be local issues that 
could impact the total business. So the other thing is really how are we going to make sure 
we deliver robust P&L in the Western world and what we are doing which is within 
management control is to make sure we get the cost based right and therefore we deliver the 
right margins that we have fired for in the western world without the margins being a drag as 
they have been actually in the last couple of years there have been a drag on our total business. 
MSI and EAP have been delivering by and large stable margin, but we have taken a hit on 
margin in the Western world. How do we make that more predictable by getting a better grip 
on the cost base and how we will deal with that. While figuring out how to grow faster and 
the ambition of growth is not a certainty. You have an ambition, you have a plan, you go after 
customers, but it is probably to translate into numbers and all I can tell you is that normally 
when management puts mind and might behind something you have a higher probability of 
succeeding and that is what we are aiming to do. So I would say that really the answer for 
your question. 
Nikhil: 
Sure, thanks a lot. 
Anand Kripalu: 
We will take one more question before we close. We are out of time, but we started 2 minutes 
late so we can take one more question if there is one in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next followup question from the line of Nilesh Daha from Julius 
Baer Bank. Please go ahead. 

 
  
 
EPL Limited 
November 8, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Nilesh Daha: 
Thanks for the followup. I just wanted to ask you one thing I see you are talking there is 
several responses you have spoken about how there is an opportunity to migrate from 
extruded tubes to your tube I just want to understand how does that and have you had any 
success already of this kind and if so can you talk a bit about the account management 
practices, EPL historically has had a set of very loyal captive customers and has not really 
been a hunting focused organization, how would you really star this journey so I would pause 
there and wait for your response? Thank you. 
Anand Kripalu: 
Yes, first of all we have absolutely had successive conversion already to NEOSeam and we 
have made some professional supplies already. So the journey has started it is not absolute 
kind of message that I am giving you. Now I think you are partly right we have had expertise 
at the account management, but it is not true that we have had no helping capability otherwise 
our B&P business would not have grown several times faster than our oral business over the 
last few years because by definition B&P is a bit more fragmented. I think what we are doing 
now is they are bolstering it in a very strategic thoughtful way and putting resources behind 
that. So apart from key account management and managing large customers we are putting a 
whole program and organization and capability behind hunting down and managing smaller 
customers with the right backend capability to service them. So I would say it is not as if here 
again the journey is starting from scratch, but this is an opportunity to accelerate what we 
have done and that is what we really do. 
Nilesh Daha: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Anand Kripalu: 
I would like to thank everyone who dialed into this call and who is engaged with the company 
and asking absolutely sharp questions and what we are doing. I also want to thank you for 
having supported the company through the challenging period that we have been through and 
all I can say is that I think we can clearly see light at the end of the tunnel, about accelerating 
our performance and building on the kinds of numbers that you have seen in this quarter. So 
thank you very much everybody for your interest in the company. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
