 
 
 
26th October, 2023 
 
 
 
          National Stock Exchange of India Limited                      
BSE Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
 
       Corporate Relationship Department  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
        1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Bandra Kurla Complex,  
 
 
 
 
     PJ Towers, Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
               Fort, Mumbai - 400 001  
Fax: 022-26598237/38  
 
 
 
            Fax: 022-22723121/1278 
 
Company Code: PVRINOX/ 532689 
 
Sub: Compliance under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 16th October, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we wish to inform you that the officials of the Company had participated in 
the Q2 & H1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call on 19th October, 2023. 
 
Enclosed is the transcript in this regard. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For PVR INOX Limited  
 
 
 
 
Mukesh Kumar 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
SVP - Company Secretary  
& Compliance Officer  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MUKESH 
KUMAR
Digitally signed by 
MUKESH KUMAR 
Date: 2023.10.26 
15:51:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“PVR INOX Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
  
October 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
 
 
MR. ANKUR PERIWAL – AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AJAY BIJLI –MANAGING DIRECTOR – PVR 
INOX LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEV KUMAR - EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
PVR INOX LIMITED 
MR. NITIN SOOD – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – PVR INOX LIMITED 
MR. ALOK TANDON – CO-CEO CENTRAL, WEST & 
EAST– PVR INOX LIMITED 
MR. GAUTAM DUTTA– CO-CEO NORTH & SOUTH– 
PVR INOX LIMITED 
MR. KAMAL GIANCHANDANI – CHIEF OF BUSINESS 
PLANNING & STRATEGY & CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER - PVR INOX LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the PVR INOX Limited’s Q2 FY2024 
Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited.. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankur Periwal. Thank you and over to 
you Sir! 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thank you Anshup and good afternoon everyone and welcome to PVR INOX Limited’s Q2 
FY2024 post result earning call. The call will be starting with a brief management discussion on 
the quarterly performance followed by an interactive Q&A session. PVR INOX management will 
be represented by Mr. Ajay Bijli, Managing Director; Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Executive Director; 
Mr. Nitin Sood, Group CFO and other senior management personnel including Mr. Alok Tandon, 
Co-CEO Central, West & East and Mr. Gautam Dutta, Co-CEO North and South. Over to you 
Mr. Bijli for the initial comments! 
Ajay Bijli: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon everyone. I would like to welcome you all to discuss the 
unaudited results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. I hope you have had 
the opportunity to review our presentation and results, which were uploaded earlier today on our 
company’s website as well as the stock exchange’s website. I am delighted to share the quarter 
ended September 30, 2023, was a record-breaking quarter in company’s history with the highest 
ever admits ATP and SPH leading to highest ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA and PAT. In Q2 of 
FY2024 we welcomed 4.8 Crores guests and delivered an ATP of 276 and SPH of 136 which 
represents a year-on-year growth of 64%, 25% and 15% respectively over proforma PVR and 
INOX numbers in Q2 FY2023. 
 
Coming to the financial results for the quarter, the following numbers are after adjusting for the 
impact of Ind AS 116 relating to lease accounting. Total revenue for the quarter was 2020 Crores, 
EBITDA was 447 Crores and PAT was 207 Crores. Proforma financials of PVR and INOX 
combined for the same period last year were revenue of 1082 Crores, EBITDA of 16 Crores and 
PAT loss of 78 Crores.  
 
The biggest highlight of the quarter was a historic performance of the Hindi box office. Jawan 
and Gadar 2 released during the quarter emerged as two of the biggest grossing Hindi films of all 
times recording over 750 Crores and 620 Crores  at  the box office, respectively. In addition, 
midscale movies like Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahani and Oh My God 2 each grossed over 150 
Crores while Dream Girl 2 and Fukrey 3 comfortably exceeded the 100 Crores mark. Volatility 
in Hindi films performance has reduced considerably with a marked improvement in the average 
collection of Hindi films particularly in the case of midscale movies which have been making a 
strong impact at the box office.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
Hollywood films helped the quarter started on a fantastic note. Blockbusters like Oppenheimer 
and Mission Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One grossed over 150 Crores and 130 Crores. 
Barbie and Nun II also performed well and crossed the 50 Crores mark at the box office.  
 
Regional movies across languages continue to demonstrate stable performance. Jailer, which is 
Tamil, was the highest grossing digital movie with 390 plus Crores of box office collections. 
Baipan Bhaari Deva became the second highest grossing Marathi movie at box office of 90 
Crores plus. The growing acceptance and attraction of regional content is demonstrated by the 
success of these movies. We are confident that regional films will continue to do well in the 
upcoming months.  
 
We are quite optimistic about the robust content lineup we have across all languages over the 
next few months. From Hindi we have Ganapath and Tejas in October, Tiger 3 in November and 
Animal, Sam Bahadur, Merry Christmas, Yodha, Dunki and Salaar in December. From 
Hollywood we have Killers of the Flower Moon in October, The Marvels, and Taylor Swift: the 
Tour Movie, Napoleon in November, Wonka and Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom in December. 
On the regional genre we have Leo, Maujaan Hi Maujaan, and Tiger Nageswara Rao in October, 
Naal 2, and Japan in November, Captain Miller and Hi Nanna in December. 
 
In the first half of FY2024 we have also reduced our net debt by 328 Crores; this firmly places us 
on the path to attain a free cash flow positive status by the end of FY2024. On the integration 
front of PVR and INOX it is progressing seamlessly and is yielding substantial operational 
efficiencies as outlined in our investor presentation. PVR INOX continues its strong growth 
momentum adding 68 new screens in the first half of this fiscal while strategically exiting 33 
underperforming screens. We are on course to open 150 to 160 new screens in FY2024 and 
expect to exit a total of 60 screens in the current fiscal. Our screen portfolio stands at 1702 
screens across 358 cinemas in 115 cities in India and Sri Lanka. I now open the platform for any 
Q&A. Thanks once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes thanks for the opportunity and congrats on very good set of numbers. My first question is on 
your debt levels coming down by 327 Crores. I wanted to understand given now you are much 
more confident from the Hindi movie business which was suffering for the industry what will be 
the plan from one to two years perspective on the overall debt levels, you had rationalized the 
store openings, the cinema screen openings also earlier, would that change because of now free 
cash flow turning on the favorable side? 
Ajay Bijli: 
You are saying that will our opening of screens get impacted? No because we still have a 
pipeline as I said of 100 to 150 odd screens that we will be filling and I think the accruals will be 
enough to take care of both and every screen that we are opening is going to be value accretive. 
We are obviously very conscious of now how to invest capital, where to invest capital, in which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
malls, which development, which catchment in south India as well and keeping everything in 
mind we should be able to maintain our growth trajectory as well as pay down debt. 
Abneesh Roy: 
So just to understand 1100 Crores net debt which is there currently what will be the long-term 
goal on this do you have any aim to make it almost negligible over the next two years will that be 
your vision? 
Nitin Sood: 
Abneesh you are right I think reduction in net debt will not come at the cost of growth. Our 
operating earnings and cash flows will continue to grow and they will be sufficient to take care of 
our growth and the surpluses will be used to reduce the net debt levels in the balance sheet. Our 
focus this year obviously is to get down to 1:1 net debt to EBITDA, but over the next couple of 
years reduce that from existing levels. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question was on your promotions in F&B, so essentially this Rs.99 Monday to 
Thursday kind of pricing which you have introduced I think it is a great initiative and on the 
other hand you have this unlimited refill offer for the weekend, so how is the response here 
especially in the Monday to Thursday kind of a lean period when footfalls are low but within 
those footfalls are you seeing a much stronger conversion than earlier so some insights into that? 
Gautam Dutta: 
So largely Rs.99 promotion was done to one correct the price perception of cinema food being 
expensive, number two we wanted to drive higher conversion at the concession both the 
objectives were completely met and this is something that we plan to keep the promotions on for 
a long time. We are not going to sort of get off the promotion so this is something which is going 
to be there because we realized that consumers today are looking at movie experience which is 
bundled in with F&B, everyone who gets to the cinema would ideally want to eat so from that 
perspective a great successful programme is there and we are trending well on both the 
parameters. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure and last quick question on advertising revenue quarter-on-quarter very good scale up and 
now that you are quite confident on the movie industry revival which I think will be also true for 
the advertisers and overall GDP is doing also quite well so in that context where do you see pre-
COVID level getting breached from outlook perspective when do you see pre-COVID level on 
advertising getting breached? 
Ajay Bijli: 
That will be next year. Largely we will come within the hitting range this year. Q3 and Q4 are 
looking very good and positive, but in terms of breaching the pre-COVID PVR INOX combined 
revenue it will be next year. We will go ahead of that number next year. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Understood. Thanks a lot Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I was just trying to think through how is the footfall count be 
maintained for the subscription plan that we have just launched. So if I understand this right the 
customer here is paying us a fee to buy the subscription so to say and irrespective of how many 
time he visits us we have got our money up front, so how will the footfall count be actually be 
maintained, will every visit be considered as a separate footfall or how will it be? 
Nitin Sood: 
See this is like a subscription voucher which has been sold to a customer. Every time he comes to 
the cinema ticket will get issued to him and that is how the subscription count will be captured  
Gautam Dutta: 
and 699 is largely an advance that the company we are holding. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
The revenue recognition how will it happen because this is a minimum three-month plan if I am 
not mistaken so will we recognize the revenue right at the sale of the pass itself or will it be 
amortized towards the term of the plan? 
Nitin Sood: 
So it is not a long-term pass it is a monthly pass so it will be recognized at the end of every 
month. 
Gautam Dutta: 
It has a validity of 30 days, so 699 expires within 30 days and within the 30 days you get 10 
movie vouchers so if you do not sort of end up using those 10 vouchers there is an expiry and 
then you move into the next month. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. One last question from my side. If I look at our screen portfolio down south I think the 
screen mix for us is about 32% but if I look at our box office share in Jailer’s collection I think it 
is a bit low at about 17% odd, so is there any specific reason to look into it because our screen 
concentration down south is pretty decent, but our share in Jailer is a bit low if I compare it with 
our screen mix? 
Nitin Sood: 
That is incorrect comparison. South is a very large market which comprises of Karnataka, Kerala, 
Telangana, Andhra, and Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu is a subset of south India. Jailer as a film is a 
Tamil film which is primarily released in Tamil Nadu and did exceedingly well in Tamil Nadu so 
you have to look at it in that context and while we have about more than 500 screens in south 
India the total screen count in south India if you include single screen cinemas as well is in 
excess of 4000 screens, so obviously our market share in south India is much lower and that is 
the reason we have been mentioning in all our calls and conversations as more retail development 
happens in that part of the market we want to add more and more multiplex screens because we 
think that part of the market is under screened in terms of multiplex screen capacity. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go-
ahead Sir. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Arun Prasath:  
Thanks for opportunity. My first question is on the advertisement revenue. I think on a per screen 
basis we are still at least 30-40% lower than the pre-COVID levels and I think this is the best 
quarter we had even better than the June 2022 quarter almost double the revenue footfalls are 
also much higher but obviously on a per screen basis the growth is very, very less, is it a 
structural issue that advertisers are not coming into the cinema because there is something which 
is happening for the last three, four quarters despite of the strong footballs we are not translating 
into the advertising revenue on a per screen basis? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Advertising technically works on big blockbuster films doing well. We have spoken about this in 
our earlier calls as well and we were very positive that Q2 would have some big titles and on 
basis which advertising will go up, which is exactly what has happened. Even now as we move 
forward advertisers are coming back there is absolutely no issue there, it is just that we need 
certain momentum to be able to get the money which advertisers earlier used to plough back into 
cinemas which had gone into other media sources, so it takes time and as I have just mentioned 
by next year we should definitely be reaching our 2019-2020 number and moving ahead so it 
seems to be on the right path. 
Arun Prasath:  
Sorry just a clarification. When you say that advertisers have moved to other sources what is the 
competition for you in this sources, obviously it has to be more hyperlocal? 
Gautam Dutta: 
No, it is not that. The fact of the matter is that when you rate a cinema media it used to come in 
the fifth or the sixth preference for a media planner and buyer so technically when we were out of 
action during the COVID time they started to put that money which was available for promotions 
and media into digital, into TV, into radio, into outdoor mall activation, so now we have to go 
back and start getting all of those advertisers back. The good news is that most of the brands are 
back and it is about now when you would see that a bigger traction begins to play out as we move 
forward into some big blockbuster films releasing over the next two quarters. 
Arun Prasath:  
I understand. What I am trying to get clarity on this is that what is your competition when it 
comes to this kind of advertising, is it like outdoor digital or is it like newspapers or what is it? 
Gautam Dutta: 
I would not be able to comment on this because the fact of the matter is if you look at the total 
advertising pie, cinema advertising is only about 1% of the total pie so it is very difficult for me 
to ascertain where that 1% is getting allocated in terms of any alternate media choices. Media 
planners have different choices available and we are also a brand building media eventually so 
that money being spent on digital, on radio, on any media that works best for that product 
category, so difficult for me to put a finger to say the money which were coming to me has now 
gone to outdoor or mall activations difficult for me to have an answer around this. Different 
clients have decided in different strategy but to get back our share we are already on it. We have 
shown a great growth this quarter and we believe that we are on the right path. 
Arun Prasath:  
Understood. My second question is on the Rs.99 subscription plan I think it is still not extended 
to the south given that less share we have on the south is there any reason why the south is 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
excluded or we do not want to cannibalize the existing revenues what is the thought process 
behind this? 
Gautam Dutta: 
We have all said in media that we have opened passport for a big trial programme. We want to 
enroll only 20,000 passport users in the first phase, we want to close the subscription after that 
and study the consumption pattern. Down south the consumption is anyway very high and this 
programme is largely to propel more consumption, a market which is already fairly fertile and 
also has price restrictions we felt that in the first phase we needed a better clarity on how it 
changes consumer consumption pattern, so in the next phase after we have studied the consumer 
a little more closely and deeply we may come out with the product for down south as well in 
phase two. 
Arun Prasath:  
Alright. Thanks for the clarification. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead, Sir. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. Thank you for the opportunity. First on the synergy benefits overall, your representation 
does highlight benefits coming from F&B, box office as well as overall cost synergies. Just 
trying to understand is the ATP improvement because of price disparity and now everything is in 
sync in terms of pricing across INOX as well as PVR theatres and secondly on the F&B side 
where are we in terms of updating the menu as well as veg, nonveg options, etc., across the 
INOX screens? 
Alok Tandon: 
So Ankur we are answering your first question first. Where ATP is concerned yes we have seen a 
significant growth in ATP and that is because of regular inflation increase as well as the 
contribution of the entire synergy which has taken place across the two companies that is one. 
Where F&B is concerned yes we have changed a lot of menu, both companies have incorporated 
the best of menu of either and whether it was the erstwhile PVR or the erstwhile INOX menu are 
available in most of the cinema halls across the country so a lot of work and synergy has been 
done as you see from the slide also whether it is ATP which has gone up by about 13% year-on-
year, which normally due to inflation used to be only 3.5 to 4.5 as well as F&B SPH has again 
witnessed a 13% growth which used to be in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%. So whether it is a menu 
tweaking, menu mix all that has contributed to SPH and the ATP is concerned yes proper 
programming, if they have more cinemas in a cluster they have been treated as one so that a 
patron whenever he comes he watches a movie in a gap of 10 to 15 minutes so this is what the 
result of synergy has been over the last six months. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure so just to clarify, so slide #19 wherein we are highlighting the ATP growth, organic growth 
as well as the implied synergy led growth will be fair to say that on a proforma number there will 
be a Rs.20 higher ATP on an average on an annual basis henceforth as a base case? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Nitin Sood: 
So Ankur the way to look at it is this year like we had guided we will see much higher ticket 
pricing as a lot of the stuff will get rationalized and synchronized between both the PVR and 
INOX properties and we will see a significantly higher average ticket price growth than the 
normal averages that we have seen. It may marginally keep on varying quarter-on-quarter 
because it is partly also linked to content but we are reasonably confident, yes it will be a decent 
number. Whether that number will be Rs.20 or Rs.15 is difficult to comment at this stage because 
part of it will be linked to movie-by-movie performance as well. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, fair enough and on the SPH side the full benefits presumably the launch across as well as 
the acceptance of all the new menu may take maybe a quarter or so, the full benefit will you 
expect it let us say by the end of this year which is Q4 or probably we should look at FY2025 for 
that number? 
Gautam Dutta: 
FY2025 first quarter I think we should have largely everything rolled out. It would take about 
three more quarters for the entire synergy in terms of the backend work and menu, 
synchronization to happen. To your question on nonveg about already about 74 sites have been 
rolled out and a few more are in the pipeline, so the work is happening and by end of March that 
piece will be largely out of the way. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great and just continuing the synergy bit on the advertisement side while I take your point in 
terms of the overall macro, etc., but how has been the industry response to the negotiated joint 
sort of negotiation now on the advertisement as well as on the convenience fee bit? 
Gautam Dutta: 
It has been tough and to be very honest and this year we may not get too much synergies on the 
advertising front while there will be growth, but the fact is in terms of synergy the major part of 
the synergy may roll out next year, we will look at a fairly decent growth this year in Q3 and 4. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Great Sir and just last question from my side on the windowing period among the digital release 
and the theatricals for Hindi and regional where do we stand because as I understand there were 
certain negotiations again especially on the regional side to expand the window? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
Yes the window on Hindi films is eight weeks, regional films varies from region-to-region, 
Punjabi films for example is eight weeks, Bengali films is eight weeks, Hollywood films, which 
are the international segment films that is eight weeks, Tamil, Telugu hovers between four weeks 
and six weeks. We would not like to comment on any active negotiation but suffices to say that 
our endeavor is to sort of standardize windows as far as possible. Our aspiration is to take the 
windows to minimum eight weeks that is our current position on it. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, Sir. That is helpful and that is it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mahindra Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Arjun Khanna: 
Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir I just 
wanted to understand the convenience fee in a little bit more detail. For the last few quarters we 
are seeing a decline on a per admit level so last quarter when this question was asked we 
mentioned that now both our PVR and INOX are on a revenue base since the deal with 
BookMyShow has come to an end, I was curious why in the second quarter FY2024 on a per 
admit basis we are down compared to first quarter FY2024? 
Nitin Sood: 
I think Arjun we answered this question last quarter alone. Our previous contract with online 
aggregators had a concept of a minimum guaranteed payment irrespective of what the footballs 
would be and subject to a revenue share because there is no minimum guaranteed payment under 
the existing contract and online aggregators underperform in terms of what effective admissions 
were in cinemas, our effective realization due to the minimum guarantee commitment in the 
previous contract was higher than the revenue share commitment which is not the case under the 
current contract and as a result of which that is reflecting on a per admit basis lower. 
Arjun Khanna: 
So that has happened in the previous quarter since you did allude to that in the previous quarter, 
so if I look at the second quarter versus first quarter, since the impact is already in the base we 
have declined on quarter-on-quarter level on a per admit basis while our ATP has moved up from 
246 to 276, so I just wanted to understand is 14.15 the right number or previous quarter of 15.69 
the right number? 
Gaurav Sharma: 
So Arjun our Q1 for the month of May there was the minimum guarantee under the older 
contract. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Okay sure. 
Gaurav Sharma: 
April and part of May and therefore on a per admit basis the convenience fee in Q1 was higher 
and then we moved to the new contract from May onwards and that is why on a per admit basis 
you see a drop quarter-on-quarter. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure since this quarter is fully on revenue so this would be the base going forward? 
Nitin Sood: 
That is right. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure perfect. Very helpful. Secondly in terms of the number of screens that we are planning on 
closing we have increased from 50 to 60 obviously given what the multiplexes, where they are 
situated just wanted to understand how do we look at our growth over this year, next year and is 
the real estate availability, etc., largely on track for our growth path that we had early articulated? 
Alok Tandon: 
Yes the growth path is absolutely intact. We have lots of screens in the pipeline and this year also 
as Mr. Bijli said in his opening statement that we will be opening 160 screens and 68 we have 
already opened. While we are shutting down only those screens which have come to the end of 
the lifecycle or are not profitable or the mall is shutting down, so that is the way which we take 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
going forward and this year we said that 33 we have already closed and we will in totality close 
60 this year but the answer to your question is that our growth is absolutely intact and if we go by 
160 screens per year I think that is a very, very aggressive and a nice number for the industry. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure for the next year so this closure of screens is it just one time event this year or potentially 
that could be repeated going forward in the future? 
Nitin Sood: 
No it will not be a onetime event. Now we have a fairly mature portfolio every year. We will 
continue to evaluate bottom 1 to 2% of our screens which we believe would have come to an end 
of the lifecycle and accordingly take decisions to move out. That is the constant part of any retail 
portfolio. Anyway screens at the bottom end are not contributing to our profitability and margins, 
so closure of this screen should only help positively in taking our operating margins higher and 
profitability higher. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. If we are adding gross between 160 and net or assuming 1 to 2% that is around 15 to 30 
moving out so essentially on a net basis we are looking at adding 130 to 150 is that the right way 
of looking at it? 
Nitin Sood: 
Absolutely. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. Thank you very much. Wishing you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mayank Babla from Enam AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Mayank Babla: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. My question is around the screen openings. So in the 
earlier calls we had mentioned that our vision is to expand more towards the south and around 35 
to 40% of the new screen openings will be in the south, now pertaining to that I noticed that we 
are fairly concentrated around Karnataka the new screen openings, so wanted to understand why 
the skewness towards Karnataka and what is the strategy as far as other states are concerned in 
the south? 
Alok Tandon: 
Well you have seen that yes we opened a few in Karnataka but does not mean that we will not 
open in other southern states it is that those properties are ready in Q2 and we opened it. Going 
forward, you will see more screens being opened in other parts of the country also. So as we 
always say that we are a pan India player and yes south is important to us and this time what you 
have seen is that we have opened a few properties down south especially in Karnataka but the 
strategy of the company is to be in all possible states and the guidance which we have given that 
yes south is a preference. It is for all the four to five states which are over there and if we get 
great properties we will open it but let me also tell you that in some other states other than 
Karnataka our projects are going on and you will see opening of our properties very soon. 
Mayank Babla: 
Sure. Thank you so much that is all. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhisek Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on a great set of numbers. Sir just a couple of 
questions on the outlook for Q3 right so the lineup seems great, what exactly are you expecting 
from the movie vis-à-vis Q2 numbers and if you could give us any update on how the screening 
of matches is going that will be helpful? 
Nitin Sood: 
See we do not like to give any specific guidance on Q3 or Q4. All we can say is that the content 
lineup is quite strong. October and November have been slightly slower in terms of movie 
releases, but December is looking quite packed. There are almost two big films releasing every 
month. So both Q3 and Q4 are looking quite strong and they should be decent quarters, but it will 
be tough to replicate what we manage to get in Q2 where all the films fired in one quarter, Hindi, 
regional and English that will be a tough act to repeat but irrespective of that I think Q3 and Q4 
should be good, decent quarters. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood. In terms of your ROCE right now that you have done the merger and you are kind of 
working in reducing the variability of earnings, so how do you look at ROCE in the steady state 
number going forward? 
Nitin Sood: 
No, you should see ROCE inching up strongly in the balance sheet on a gradual basis, we will 
have a full year of stabilized earnings this year to some extent and you will see ROCEs at mid 
teen level even in the end of the financial year and it should get better as we move forward so 
clearly we are very positive. I think as the earnings stabilize and move up with content flow 
coming in you will see a significant increase in ROCE at a balance sheet level. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Got it and again just coming back to the content part, earlier there was this trend of Hindi movies 
Bollywood not releasing more than one or two large budget Hindi movies in a quarter now that 
the number seems to be going up significantly, so if Mr. Bijli could comment on whether this is 
just because of the bunching up of lot of releases or is it something that you believe is a 
sustainable trend going ahead that would be really helpful? 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
This is a sustainable trend. The business, the response that producers have seen for bigger film 
and without taking away any sheen from the mid level films their performance has been also very 
positive and very strong but the bigger films have done extraordinary business, and taking a cue 
from the response that the audience has given to these mainstream, the potboilers, which target 
every segment of the four quadrants whether it is male, female, above 25, below 25, they have 
something for everyone these sort of films I think is a sustainable trend because a lot of 
producers are getting disproportionate return on their investment. Actors are sort of expanding on 
their reach, they are expanding on their brand equity and which augurs well for them as well in 
the long term and therefore producers, actors naturally would want to do more, bigger films. The 
other trend which would be helpful to exhibition and to film industry at large is that the South 
Indian film specially but even non-south Indian regional films are getting pan India acceptance. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
So films are getting dubbed in Hindi and they have started to penetrate territories which till now 
were sort of focused only on Hindi films or Hollywood films dubbed in Hindi regional films are 
also finding acceptability, so I think this is a sustainable trend, you will see a lot of big films in 
Hindi, you will continue to see a lot of regional big films being dubbed in Hindi and gaining a lot 
of success in territories which are on pan India basis. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood and in terms of your brand portfolio PVR and INOX continue to be two separate 
brands as of now, so what would be your vision for each of these brands is there a case where 
you use one of these brands as a comparatively more value effect and more premium and one has 
a more value brand and try to expand the penetration of screens overall bringing more footfalls 
from the lower consumption categories? 
Nitin Sood: 
So I will answer that. Both PVR and INOX are very strong brands in the consumer space. These 
have an existence of over 20 years and have a very strong consumer affinity and consumer 
visitation behavior, so INOX used to get about 70 million footballs on annual basis pre-COVID, 
PVR used to get 100 million footfalls pre-COVID. With such large footfalls and consumer base 
we have decided that we will continue to run and operate both the brands on individual basis. 
While the corporate identity of the company will be PVR and INOX, both the brands will 
continue their journey and will continue to coexist as far as consumers are concerned. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
My question was more with regards to is there a way of using maybe INOX as a more value 
brand? 
Nitin Sood: 
I have got your question, but we do not think there is any change we want to do with respect to 
how both the brands are currently perceived. Both the brands have a certain perception, we want 
to continue and maintain that perception and not use one brand as a premium brand or one brand 
as a value brand that is not the idea. 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Understood thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Lavanya Tottala from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity and congratulations Sir. Sir most of my questions are 
answered. Just one thing when you mentioned ad revenue you expected to recover next year is it 
on absolute levels or per screen basis that you expect it to reach pre-COVID levels next year? 
Gautam Dutta: 
At absolute levels. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
So it will still be lower per screen basis even in FY2025 then? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Lavanya Tottala: 
One thing on the synergy bit synergies based on the ticket prices for Q2, so the Rs.20, which it is 
showing it has impact of higher Hollywood share, which we have seen in Q2, so most likely that 
might decline a bit in the upcoming quarters right? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes it could because ATP is a function of the kind of content we get, mega blockbusters and 
Hollywood do drive ATP up, you are right. 
Nitin Sood: 
That point is quite valid. Ticket pricing will partly also be impacted by big films, but if you look 
at the way we have calculated the synergy we have not based it on Q2 numbers. Our average 
ticket pricing growth was 25% in Q2 and average ticket pricing growth in the first quarter was 
much lower at 3 to 4% so what we have done is we have calculated over an average of 13% 
growth which we have achieved in the first half of the year, which basically we thought is a 
much more fairer representation because there will be ups and downs and some quarters will 
have higher ticket pricing than others due to content so just wanted to call that out. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Sir I just wanted to mention that because Q2 last year our ticket price was much lower, like it was 
somewhere around 225 so even on average basis you are a bit high for the first half? 
Nitin Sood: 
That is fair and what you have pointed out is fair. It is quite possible that the second half of the 
year may have a lower ticket price though and so it is not a multiplication formula. It can vary 
and it could be lower in the second half of the year that is possible. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
But F&B it should be largely sustainable even for the second half is that understanding right? 
Gautam Dutta: 
Yes, absolutely it could be. 
Lavanya Tottala: 
Thank you so much Sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Favilo from Favilo Funds. Please go ahead. 
Favilo: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers Mr. Bijli and thank you for the opportunity. My 
question is on the price elasticity of the tickets. So what I understand is that tickets even for a 
blockbuster like Jailer are priced lower even where there is demand as compared to Jawan in the 
north so why is this difference is it because of the competition or if that is the case because the 
next opening of screens is concentrated in south right, so if this is the case how are we going to 
work on the ATP to increase the ATP down south I will come on to the second question later? 
Alok Tandon: 
See Jailer was a Tamil film and in Tamil Nadu there is a price cap incident. So there are few 
southern states where there is a cap on tickets and hence we cannot increase it. So the comparison 
with Jawan and Jailer was not right because Jawan released all over the country and in states 
where there is absolutely free pricing so that is one answer and when you said that how will we 
increase the ticket pricing once the movies which are released in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh or 
Telangana we have to go as per the rates which are already subscribed but in other states 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
depending on the demand of the movie, the cost structure of the property or as per the paying 
propensity of the people we can price the tickets accordingly. 
Kamal Gianchandani: 
It just addition to what Alok said the price of Jailer in Karnataka was higher than Jawan that is 
because Jailer was a bigger film in Karnataka where there is no price restriction. Ours is a very 
heterogeneous market each state, each city has its own dynamics and are governed by the local 
dynamics, hence north India, west India, central India Jawan was a much bigger title than Jailer 
which is the reason Jawan tickets were more expensive as compared to Jailer. 
Favilo: 
On to the second question and does the overhead spend that is the food and beverage spend also 
vary depending upon the movies, say for example the crowd that might come for Jawan might 
spend more versus the crowd that is coming for other, does it vary according to the movie too? 
Nitin Sood: 
Not significantly. It is more region specific. Yes you know titles which are not family titles or 
where we see films which are depressing in nature, more serious films you can have very 
selective and a niche audience. Yes there is a marginal impact, but largely what we have seen is 
that it does not change for every film. The trend is normally homogeneous, but obviously for 
each market the trend is different, more and more family films where the group sizes are larger, 
people come more often there is definitely a positive impact on the average of food spending at 
the cinemas. 
Favilo: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead, Sir. 
Arun Prasath:  
Thanks for the followup questions opportunity. My question is on synergy so if you look at the 
PVR INOX combined numbers the pre-COVID level we are around 19 to 20% EBITDA margins 
and going by the quantified synergy benefits we have shown in this quarter it looks like our 
steady state margin should be at least 200 bps higher than the pre-COVID levels is this the right 
understanding and this is what we can build in our numbers? 
Nitin Sood: 
Absolutely I think this is what we have guided. Once we realize the full synergy benefits clearly 
that should have an impact of at least 200 bps on our operating margins. 
Arun Prasath:  
Right so that means the current quarter margin 22% it is still below because this is a very strong 
quarter so despite that we just achieved around our steady state margins, so in a future scenario 
where this kind of a blockbuster quarter should result in a much higher margins, right? 
Nitin Sood: 
This quarter already reflects a very large portion of the merger synergies, but yes lot of elements 
will play out like advertising revenues still to recover to the fullest extent and if we continue to 
achieve these kind of level of occupancy, can we do better margins from here, 12 months out 
definitely. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Arun Prasath:  
Right understood. Thank you very much. All the best once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Apurva Mehta from AM Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Apurva Mehta:  
Yes, Sir congratulations on great set of number. Sir how much could be the synergy benefit in the 
coming quarters left to pencil out? 
Nitin Sood: 
We cannot give any quarterly estimates. 
Apurva Mehta:  
On a ballpark basis we still have like 30% left or we have 70%.we have done with it, 30% still 
remaining. 
Nitin Sood: 
I would not like to give any guidance. 
Apurva Mehta:  
On the cost front when we were comparing quarter-on-quarter the rentals are up by 12%, 
personal expenses about 8% and then other expenses about 16% because rentals are more or less 
fixed in nature, why there is so much of inflation in such cost can you just throw some light? 
Nitin Sood: 
There are three factors. One we have added a lot of new screens, new age screens in new 
shopping centers, so one there is screen addition. Number two rentals are subject to annual 
inflation. Number three lot of our rental expense and lot of property is linked to revenue share. In 
quarters where we will have much higher occupancies we also end up sharing much higher 
revenues in form of rentals with the landlords. So all three factors put together is the reason for 
increase in revenues for rental costs. 
Apurva Mehta:  
For personal and other expenses on Q-on-Q are up by almost 16%? 
Nitin Sood: 
Same logic if you calculate wages are subject to average 7 to 8% annual inflation and we have 
added a lot of new screens you should calculate on a per screen basis the effective cost increase 
will be very minimal. 
Apurva Mehta:  
We have not added any screens barring from Q1 to Q2 we are more or less at just adding around 
15 to 17 screens and if you see the per screen everything is going up, other expenses are up. 
Personal expenses are up by 8% on quarter-on-quarter I am not talking about year-on-year? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes so on quarter-on-quarter basis also see when you look at the new screen additions that we 
have done in terms of new property. On a net basis you compare per screen, all the old properties 
that we are shutting down are small, dilapidated screens whereas the new screens that we are 
opening are in all modern shopping centers with different quality of staff, more premium screens. 
One obviously the cost of running those screens is not the same. Secondly there is annual wage 
inflation, minimum wage increases which happens from state-to-state, so south Indian states of 
Tamil Nadu and Karnataka alone have had 29% to 30% minimum wage inflation this year. Wage 
inflation definitely takes place and thirdly temporary manpower because lot of our manpower 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
also goes up. We add manpower when the footfalls are high on cinemas because we run largely a 
weekend business and when the occupancies are at that peak we have to supplement headcount. 
So quarter-on-quarter we have added headcount this quarter. Our admissions are up from 3.3 
Crores admissions in Q1 to 4.8 Crores admissions almost 45% over Q1 so we need additional 
hands to take care of consumers and service them on a weekend. So these three factors put 
together are the reason for the people cost increase. 
Alok Tandon: 
And 37 screens is not a less number to open in a quarter with big ticket items like Kanakapura. 
Bengaluru properties in Rourkela, Patna, Delhi, Dharwad, so hence all this add to the cost. 
Apurva Mehta:  
On the movie distribution and paying charges which has also gone up substantially it is because 
of the blockbuster films coming in and that is why the thing has gone up or there is anything else 
we can do? 
Nitin Sood: 
That is largely relating to our PVR picture business and it will continue to vary quarter-on-
quarter depending upon what films that we are distributing, so it is not linked to our core cinema 
exhibition business. 
Apurva Mehta:  
Thanks a lot and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash from Dante Equity. Please go ahead. 
Yash: 
Hi congratulations on good second set of numbers. I missed the first 20 minutes of the call, so I 
am sorry if question is repetitive but my question is regarding debt are you giving a guidance on 
debt for the next two years, we see the debt number in the next two years and also what is the net 
debt right now? 
Nitin Sood: 
One our net debt at the end of this quarter is about 1100 Crores as compared to 1430 Crores 
which was at the beginning of the year. So we have reduced our net debt by 327 Crores in the 
first six months. I think I can only give you a directional sense over the next two years depending 
upon how the business performs; our endeavor would be to reduce and pay down leverage from 
even the existing levels. Our current year endeavor is to get to 1:1 debt to EBITDA but over a 
period of next two years we want to fund all our growth from internal accruals, be free cash flow 
positive and use the free cash flow to reduce leverage even from the existing levels. 
Yash: 
So how are your expansion plans basically looking for the next two years and what you are trying 
to basically tell is that the next phase of expansion will basically come through internal accruals? 
Nitin Sood: 
That is correct. Even current year if you look at our presentation we are adding 160 screens, we 
have guided in the first half of the year we are free cash flow positive after funding all our capex 
and the endeavor would be that even for the full year we are reasonably confident that we will be 
free cash flow positive company after funding all our growth from internal accruals. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           PVR INOX Limited 
October 19, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Yash: 
So just to conclude your answer, would it be safe to conclude that the debt for PVR INOX is 
peaked out? 
Nitin Sood: 
Absolutely it has peaked out; in fact, it is now going down from its peak level. 
Yash: 
Could you give me the number for your interest what rate are you borrowing at on a net level? 
Nitin Sood: 
Our average cost of debt is approximately 9%. 
Yash: 
Do you see that coming down anytime soon because you have become basically cash flow 
positive right and I think that should rerate you in terms of the debt security market? 
Nitin Sood: 
Yes we have pretty much benchmarked most of our borrowings to market, so it will move in line 
with how the interest rates move from the existing levels. Most of our borrowings are 
benchmarked to market rates. 
Yash: 
Perfect. Thank you for taking my question. I will come back in queue. Have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Nitin Sood: 
Thanks everyone for taking out time to join the earnings call. If you have any unanswered 
questions please feel free to write to us and we will be happy to respond. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
