ARVIND FASHIONS LIMITED 
A MEMBER OF THE LALBHAI GROUP 
Corporate Office: Du Parc Trinity, 8th Floor, 17, M.G Road, Bangalore – 560 001 
Tel: +91-80-4155 0601, Fax: 91-80-4155 0651 
Website: http://www.arvindfashions.com 
 
Regd Office: Main Building, Arvind Limited Premises, Naroda Road, Ahmedabad – 380 025. 
CIN: L52399GJ2016PLC085595 
 
 
November 11, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept. of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Security Code : 542484 
Security ID : ARVINDFASN 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol : ARVINDFASN 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Earning call Transcript with Analysts and Investors for the quarter ended September 30, 
2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please refer below link of transcript of conference call arranged by the 
company with analysts and investors on Wednesday, November 8, 2023 for post 
announcement of Financial Results for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2023. 
 
On the website of the company: 
 
Path: https://www.arvindfashions.com/overview/  
 
Title: Earnings Call Transcript Q2 FY-24 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Arvind Fashions Limited 
 
 
 
Lipi Jha 
Company Secretary 
LIPI 
JHA
Digitally signed 
by LIPI JHA 
Date: 2023.11.11 
11:14:53 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Call Transcript – Nov 8, 2023 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS 
 Kulin Lalbhai – Vice Chairman & Non-Executive Director 
 Shailesh Chaturvedi – Managing Director & CEO 
 Girdhar Chitlangia – Chief Financial Officer 
 Ankit Arora – Head, Investor Relations and Treasury 

Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Arvind Fashions Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing * then 0 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Arora – Head, 
Investor Relations & Treasury at Arvind Fashions Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thanks Arshiya. Hello and welcome everyone and thank you for joining us 
on Arvind Fashions Limited earnings conference call for the second quarter 
and half year ended Sep 30, 2023. I am joined here today by Mr. Kulin 
Lalbhai, Vice Chairman and Non-Executive Director, Mr. Shailesh 
Chaturvedi, MD and CEO and Mr. Girdhar Chitlangia, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Please note that result press release and earnings presentation had been 
mailed across to you yesterday and these are also available on our website 
www.arvindfashions.com. I hope you had the opportunity to browse 
through the highlights of the performance. We will commence the call 
today with Kulin providing his key strategic thoughts on our second 
quarter’s performance. He will be followed by Shailesh who will share 
insights into business highlights and financial performance. At the end of 
management discussion we will have a Q&A session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to remind you that some of the statements 
made or discussed on this call today may be forward-looking in nature and 
must be viewed in conjunction with risks and uncertainties we face. A 
detailed statement of these risks is available in this quarter’s earnings 
presentation. The company does not undertake to update these forward-

looking statements publicly. With that said, I would now turn the call over 
to Kulin to share his views. Thank you and over to you Kulin. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Thanks, Ankit. A very good afternoon to you all. Thanks so much for joining 
us for the Q2 results. Quarter 2 has been a strong quarter for AFL, where 
we have achieved our highest ever sales, EBITDA and profit after tax. In 
spite of tough market conditions and a shift in the festive calendar, we 
grew our sales by 7%, propelled by the retail and MBO channel. The 
significant improvement in bottom line has been driven by strong like-for-
like sales, good full price sell-thru’s and improvement in our gross margin. 
 
Our working capital cycle continues to improve with a 10 days reduction in 
gross working capital days. In quarter 2, we focused on re-energizing our 
brand through large investments in marketing, where our investments 
were around 100 basis points higher versus last year. We will continue to 
invest heavily behind our power brands in the years to come. 
 
I would also like to inform you that AFL has divested its Sephora business 
post the closure of this quarter. The brand has been diverted to Reliance 
Retail at an enterprise value of INR 216 crores. With this move, we have 
completed our portfolio rationalization exercise. Our stated goal has been 
to build a portfolio focused on high return on capital and strong cash flow. 
We are very proud of the way in which we scaled up the Sephora business 
and wish the brand very best for its future journey. With this divestment, 
we will retire our debt and focus our management bandwidth and capital 
in scaling up our 5 high conviction brands. 
 
While the current market conditions are challenging, we are optimistic 
about the prospects in the second half of this year and are hopeful of 
growth being higher compared to Q2 and H1 levels. Our focus on profitable 

growth will continue, and we expect margin improvements to continue in 
the quarters to come. 
 
I would like to now hand it over to Shailesh to take us through the specifics 
and more details about our financial performance. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Thank you, Kulin. Good afternoon, everyone. Amidst soft market 
condition, AFL has delivered encouraging results with a growth of 7% in 
revenue in quarter 2 despite shift in festival calendar. This quarter's 
business can be split into two parts. The first part saw the July/August end-
of-season sale; and the second part, the fresh season in September. 
 
We had delayed end-of-season sale in June because of good sell-thru’s, and 
then we saw energetic trading in July and August with double-digit like-to-
like growth. September business saw a small negative like-to-like because 
of shift of festival dates to October. 
 
Overall, AFL delivered a healthy 9% like-to-like retail growth with fantastic 
overall sell-thru’s in spring-summer'23 season. With less number of full-
price festival days, retail discounting went up by nearly 3%, but we saw 
very good sell- thru’s and managed the inventory levels very well with 
reduction in inventory by 2 days. 
 
I must also add here, like Kulin mentioned earlier, that Q2 saw the highest 
ever quarterly sales, the highest ever quarterly EBITDA both in value and 
percentage, and as well as the highest ever PAT for AFL in a quarter. 
 
Since there was a sense of slowdown, we had prepared our response 
through various dynamic measures, including product innovation, higher 
investment in advertising and tight cost control. Premiumization of 
products for clear differentiation is a key theme here. Arrow pushed 
business of its premium line ‘1851’ and auto press wrinkle free shirt 

strongly, USPA launched super premium Polo t-shirt line and higher-quality 
jeans line, which saw very good sell- thru’s. 
 
We also launched very successful capsule collection with Muhammad Ali in 
Flying Machine. Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein continued its strong 
journey in super-premium segment with fantastic growth and profitability.  
 
This quarter saw one of its kind mega events in our top brand U.S. Polo 
Assn. We launched our famous Legends campaign in Bombay with a global 
standard even in presence of Mr. Michael Prince, the Global CEO of USPA 
brand. Taking the brand idea of twinning forward, we showcased two 
legendary pairs twinning in USPA. One pair was with brand ambassador 
Arjun Rampal with his fashion model contemporary Milind Soman, as 
legends of fashion modelling. Given the brand's association with sports, we 
chose the second pair from tennis, the legendary Lee-Hesh pair of Leander 
Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi. This Legend event received enormous media 
coverage just before the season and was followed by impactful national 
media releases. We also launched our first brand website from our 
company as www.uspoloassn.in and also tied up for USPA women's wear 
line with upcoming star, Palak Tiwari. Similar efforts were also seen in 
Arrow where we released campaign with Hrithik Roshan, which was a 
directorial debut for the famous actor. We also promoted flying machine 
brand regionally in North. USPA brand also saw first time mass-media 
campaigns for adjacent category like footwear and innerwear, which were 
received extremely well by consumers and trade fraternity. We have 
continued to focus on our growth drivers like store expansion, 
premiumization and wholehearted marketing investment and development 
of adjacent category. We have made significant progress on build up of 
adjustment category in USPA brand, also in Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein 
businesses. 

 
In USPA, adjacent categories are now more than 25% of revenue, and this 
business is growing very profitably in double digits. Both Tommy and Calvin 
Klein has a very wide range of accessories, including watches, kids wear, 
innerwear, small leather goods, etc. And this business is nearly 20% of 
retail business, is growing in high double digits. 
 
Based on success with these brands, we have now started focus on 
adjacent category for other brands, including recent launch of Flying 
Machine footwear and small leather goods in Arrow. We increased 
advertising spend in Q2 by almost 100 basis points to keep our brand 
salient and to fuel growth. Despite this near 100 basis point increase in 
advertising, our EBITDA has grown in Q2 due to tight control on overhead 
and efficiency in sourcing and are decisive focused on building profitable 
scale of our 5 marquee brands. 
 
Adjusting to other income in Q2, our EBITDA margin has expanded by more 
than 150 basis points in Q2 despite higher advertising and despite soft 
market conditions. H1 saw EBITDA margin expansion by 100 basis points to 
12%, in line with our guidance. We continue to keep tight control on 
balance sheet items and Q2 saw a 10-day reduction in GWC with 8 days 
reduction in debtors and 2-day reduction in inventory. 
 
Overall, inventory freshness has remained strong, helping our gross profit, 
which has gone up to 49.5%, an increase of nearly 5% year-on-year 
because of efficiency and sourcing and higher share of retail channels. We 
are confident that consumer will continue to vote in favor of market-
leading brands and look forward optimistically to the second half of the 
financial year. 
Ankit Arora: 
We can now open it up for question-and-answer session. 

Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mr. Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Congratulations on a great performance. Sir, to start with, if you can let us 
know what explains the significant difference in growth trajectory in the 
power brands and emerging brands. And within emerging, is it Calvin Klein, 
which has been driving this significantly higher growth? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, in emerging brands, you are right about Calvin Klein, the super-
premium segment has a higher energy. And both Tommy and CK are doing 
very well, and Calvin Klein is part of the emerging brands. So that growth is 
because of Calvin Klein's fantastic performance. 
Moderator: 
Sir, are we connected? 
Himanshu Nayyar: Yes, I am. I think we lost the management. 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Let me take that question. This is Kulin here. I think, as Shailesh was saying, 
Calvin Klein is driving the emerging brand revenue. In the case of Power 
Brands, one of the impacts this season is because of festive shift. So a lot of 
our wholesale bookings has moved a month. And that is why for our 
wholesale channel, quarter 2 has a slightly lower growth compared to 
quarter 2 of last year, where the festive impact was a positive impact in Q2 
for the wholesale channel. So that's one of the reasons why Power Brands 
is having a lower revenue print compared to Emerging Brands. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Understood. And secondly, if I look at the minority interest number, even 
that seems to have moved up significantly. So does this imply much higher 
profitability in Tommy, CK or maybe a reduction in losses in a few of our 
other tail brands as well? 
Kulin Lalbhai: 
Shailesh is back. Go ahead. 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: We lost the line for a moment. The minority interest is largely linked to 
Tommy, CK business. And the Super Premium segment has done well. 
These brands are market leading brands and their profitability has gone up. 
So that's exactly the reason that you mentioned, Himanshu. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Okay. And final question would be on this transaction that we have done, 
exiting Sephora. I believe we would have already got in the consideration. 
So I mean, are we looking at now -- I mean advancing our debt reduction 
plan as to what would be our guidance be now in terms of becoming debt-
free? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: Yes, you are right. The objective that we are heading towards is to reduce 
the debt, use almost the entire proceeds to reduce the debt. And as we 
speak, the end quarter net debt was INR 476 crores. And as of now, we 
might be around INR 260 crores to INR 270 crores of net debt. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Shreyans from Svan Investments. 
Shreyans: 
Congratulations on a good set. So my first question is, from what we 
understand is Q1 and Q3 are retail heavy quarters, and Q2 and Q4 are 
wholesale heavy. And you also mentioned that there were some 
postponement in wholesale sales in Q2. So what I'm trying to understand is 
why have our other expenses gone up so much because since it is not a 
retail heavy quarter, we would have expected some gross margin benefit to 
flow through to your EBITDA. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, if you look at the other expenses, they are in line with the retail 
channel. In this quarter, the retail channel has grown more than 15%, while 
you're right in a sense that this is a more wholesale quarter. But even in 
this, because of the good performance in July, August in EOSS, the retail 
contribution has gone up, the revenue share by 4%. And the retail channel 

has grown more than 15%. And the similar increases is in the commission 
and other variable expenses come below. So our other expenses, if you will 
look at is that out of INR 60-odd crores increase, nearly the INR 45 crores 
increase has come from the variable, which is commission plus royalty plus 
supply chain costs. 
 
And also, there is an increase in advertising this time because we took a 
decision to invest heavily behind advertising. So the balance increase in 
other expenses is going into the increase in marketing cost. 
Shreyans: 
Okay. And my second question is, sir, when I look at your emerging brands. 
So obviously, we've done very well on the revenue bit. But just on the 
margin side, I wanted to understand, Q-o-Q, I think last quarter con call, 
you had mentioned that Aeropostale and Ed Hardy losses are mostly 
behind us now, and CK obviously is doing well. So margins should 
sustainably be at the levels that we saw in Q1. So I'm just trying to 
understand, Q-o-Q, we've seen some de-growth. So what is the reason for 
that? And how should we look at this number? Is it going to be that 
variable, 11% to 6% and then again, 6% to 11%? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Emerging brands have really done well in quarter 2. The EBITDA margin 
has gone up by almost 3.5%. The way I would look at quarter 2 is that 
emerging brands have done well in sales and also the EBITDA has grown 
really well. Now our business is highly seasonal. And really is not right in 
many ways to compare quarter 1 to quarter 2. 
 
I think the focus should be on comparing quarter 2 to last year's quarter 2 
because this quarter has a EOSS and other peculiar aspects of the season. 
So the way I would look at it is that emerging brands continue to do well, 2 
reasons. One is the good performance of Calvin Klein and second is the 
clean up that you mentioned. So that benefit come through. And we will 

hope to even in this uncertain market conditions, we hope that emerging 
brands continue to do really well the way have done in quarter 1 and as 
well as in quarter 2. 
Shreyans: 
Okay. And sir, my last question is, so how do we define a power brand or 
an emerging brand? What is the thought process when you put out CK in 
an emerging brand? Because CK, when it is doing so well, I think it should 
be a part of a power brand and Flying Machine should rather be an 
emerging brand. So just wanted to understand how do you bifurcate these 
brands when you think of power and emerging? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: This was done in the past when Calvin Klein was still a small business. And 
you are very right that in last 2-3 years, this business has really 
outperformed, is one of the coolest brand in the country. And it's really 
grown in scale and in terms of profitability. And there'll be a time when we 
will soon probably classify it as a power brand. 
 
But we are still following for transparency of analysis and for you to sort of 
see the data in the right perspective. We still kept Calvin Klein now with 
Sephora's exit, which was also part of emerging brands. We will re-look at 
the portfolio and we will soon come back with some new thought process. 
Shreyans: 
Sure. And sir, just on the Power Brands bit. Last quarter, we grew about 
1.5%. This quarter, we grew by about 5-odd percent. So from our 
understanding, we are doing pretty well in USPA and Tommy, so consol 
basis, our growth has been slightly lower. So just wanted to understand 
what has been the growth rate for Arrow and FM, if you can just help us 
understand the trajectory there? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, look at Power Brand business in the light of 2 things. One is there is a 
softness in the market, which impacts all the brands. Second is a shift on 

the festival dates where last year, the Diwali was earlier and September 
saw lot of festival dates and billing. And now festival season has moved 
from quarter 2 to in October. So all the brands got slightly impacted. 
 
There's no brand-specific data here. And when I look at the number of 
Flying Machine and Arrow or U.S. Polo, there is a decent growth in the 
current market condition in all the 3 brands and all the 3 brands got a little 
bit impacted because of the change of the festival calendar, and some of it 
will get captured in Q3, and some we'll have to fight the slowdown in the 
market condition. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Priyank from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank: 
Congratulations team for the fantastic performance. My question is on 
Arrow, sir. If you can help us qualitatively, how has been the operational 
performance on Arrow. I reckon we have taken a lot of steps to improve 
the profitability over there. Are there some more strategic steps left for us 
to get this brand to double-digit EBITDA margins? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Let's look at Arrow in 2-3 parts. One is that during COVID, it became a 
loss-making brand. And we did a lot of effort post-COVID from change in 
merchandise to marketing with Hrithik, to new retail. And we made a lot of 
efforts to grow the business. And last year, there was a swing in EBITDA of 
almost INR 80 crores in Arrow and it broke even, and it's been now 
profitable brand for last 3, 4 quarters. 
 
This quarter also has remained profitable. Now in the current market 
slowdown, Arrow has continued its growth, its grown high single digit in 
revenue. Also, its EBITDA has grown. I was looking at the EBITDA number, 
this quarter, EBITDA is the highest in the last 8 quarters for Arrow. So there 
is a continuous progress in the Arrow business. 

 
Now it's still in the early and the low single-digit EBITDA profitability in 
Arrow. And like I said in the previous investor call, now our whole journey 
is to build the scale further and take it to the 10% EBITDA, which could take 
2 years or thereabouts, our guess is and based on the market conditions. 
 
I think if I have to say one thing that we need to do now to take it to that 
level would be opening many more stores because it's subscale brand still. 
And we need to expand its EBO reach and also grow a little more online 
share. So I think it's about scale, and then the sale leverage will come. The 
KPIs on sell-thru’s and gross margin and many other KPIs are really green, 
and we need to now scale up the brand. 
Priyank: 
Got it. Very clear. And kudos to the team for taking a decision on Sephora. 
My question would be since you have taken this strategic decision, when 
can we expect such strategic decisions for other few brands because we 
are now clear on our communication that we want to focus on the 5 core 
brands. When can we expect any such decisions which are other brands, 
which are yet continuing few losses for us? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Let me say upfront, we are extremely focused in energizing these 5 brands 
and make them big-scale profitable brand. So we have no plan now for any 
further action on any of these brands. The single agenda is to energize 
these brand profitability, scale up them to a profitability that we've been 
guiding and grow the company at a certain scale and with a certain 
profitability. So we don't have any other action on card, and we are very 
committed to building AFL into a bigger and more profitable company 
through these 5 brands that we have. 
Priyank: 
Sure, sure. Just a quick question on, sir, how much would be EOSS as a 
sales composition in trailing 12 months, if you can help us? And how has 
that been trending as a percentage of sales over the last few years? 

Shailesh Chaturvedi: Our sell-thru’s have been very good. So we do probably industry-leading 
sell-through in our season, and last summer season was good. Now if you 
want any specific information on the sale data, etc., we can get back after 
the call and you can connect with Ankit on this. 
Priyank: 
Perfect, perfect. Last question from my side, and then I'll get back in the 
queue. Our channel checks have suggested that large formals market 
leader has stopped participating in the trade channel aggressively. And the 
competitive intensity has been slightly lower on the formals and on the 
wedding wear side, especially on the men's wear. So just wanted to get 
your sense, would we be gaining market share? Would we be gaining shelf 
space in the MBO channel in the coming quarters? Is that the strategic 
thing that we are also looking towards it? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Let me just say simply that MBO has been a good performing channel for 
us, even this quarter has grown more than 15%. And we have expanded 
distribution in MBO channel with all our brands. So in that sense, we would 
have surely gained market share. 
 
But one more thing I have to say is that all the growth in MBO, we have 
been very, very tight on the hygiene of the business. And we have really 
kept focus on profitable growth. We don't want a situation where the 
debtors or ageing of inventory becomes a problem. So we are very focused 
on the quality of sale and that's very important with the MBO channel and 
our governance on the stock held and on the debtor is very, very critical for 
this channel. So we are happy at this point with the hygiene in MBO 
channel, the growth have been good and also the standards have been 
maintained. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 

Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, 3 questions from my side. First is we have seen good growth on retail 
and MBO channel. What is the decline we are seeing in online and LFS 
channel because these 2 channels also account for more than 1/3 of your 
revenue. And given that the other 2 channels have grown by 15%, clearly, 
these 2 channels would have seen a high single-digit decline in the system. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Ankit, like we said, there is an impact of the festival calendar. And in the 
couple of channels that you mentioned here that shift, like, for example, 
take online, a lot of big portals have shifted their tower events which 
happened last year to September to October this year. And we have the 
October numbers that some of those businesses have recovered in 
October. 
 
So in that sense, the shift of tower dates and also the Puja festival in East 
or the Diwali dates across the country, that shift has impacted the 
department store. But we feel very comfortable that the department store, 
our market share and our growth are good. And also online, there is a little 
bit of destocking in that channel, so that we're keeping an eye on. But our 
focus has been building our B2C business - our B2C business where we do 
the marketplace and through our own website NNNOW, we are building. 
 
And we have seen 65% growth in Q2 in our own control where we offer the 
pricing and experience and the assortment. So we are really building our 
own muscles on B2C side, which is showing very good growth. We are 
building our Omni network stores, which is also in a very encouraging state. 
And one, in many ways, this quarter is not really comparable to last year 
quarter in some of these channels because of the shift of the festivals. And 
also, yes, we also admit that there is a bit of a softness in the market. And 
because of those 2, you may see that there is a small decline. But if I look at 
medium term, we will feel confident of these channels. 

Ankit Kedia: 
So if I have to add September and October together, and obviously, last 
year Diwali was also in October, now it's pushed through November, how 
has been the early trends in the market for October and early November, if 
you can help us understand that. Because a lot of the other retail 
companies are knocking off some softness, but even green shoots in the 
demand are leading to Diwali? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, I can say that as we see the current, there are still many days to 
Diwali left and the peak – weekends are still ahead, weekdays ahead. But 
whatever the days that we follow, the business has been sluggish and 
maybe it's because of cricket or otherwise. 
Moderator: 
Participant, please hold on. The management line has been disconnected. 
I'll try to reconnect back with them. Please hold on. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Ankit, I was talking about Diwali being a little sluggish still now. And we 
are hoping that the second half of the Diwali calendar might pick up, but 
let's see. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So some of full year guidance, which we used to have of 11% to 13% 
growth. Is it possible that will be toned down to high single-digit growth? 
Including Sephora because Sephora will not be there from November, but 
adjusting for Sephora? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, no, we have a certain sales guidelines, 12% to 15% in medium term 
and is based on a certain set of growth drivers that we have. And I spoke 
extensively today also about adjacent category. Second growth driver is 
our store expansion. We opened 46 stores. And in the first half, we opened 
91 stores. It's on track. 
 
Our like-to-like growth are very healthy, 9% in this quarter despite 
slowdown. That like-for-like growth also is working. And digitalization, I say 

B2C and Omni linkages are working, B2B online is a bit slow in the short 
run. 
 
So most of our growth drivers, including premiumization of brands and 
categories, new categories, all look very green to me. And they're all firing. 
The market is a little soft. So in this medium term environment where we 
are looking at growth of between 12%, 15%, I'm sure we'll have some 
quarters of very, very high growth. And we will also have some quarter 
where the growth may be low. 
 
But we are very confident that in the medium term, we will continue to 
grow at 12% to 15%. And I also believe that H2 could be better than H1 
because we have more festival dates and we have wedding dates and 
winter season coming in, let's see. It's uncertain, but that's our sort of 
optimism cautiously. So we believe that in the medium term, the growth 
drivers, we will stick to our guidance. 
 
In the short run, we will see because markets are very uncertain, and we 
are still looking at growth. But I also want to qualify one point here is that 
we've been very, very focused on the quality of growth. So look at our 
profit growth is always higher than the sales growth. So we have always 
looked at growth, whether the MBO channel, I said with high governance, 
we want to focus on quality of growth. We want to ensure that our profit 
growth is higher than the sales growth. And we are still very confident that 
the medium term, we will meet our guidance. There will be some good 
quarters and there may be some slow quarters. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Shailesh, on your comment on store openings. If I look at last year, you 
opened 175 odd stores, but the net opening was only 5. This year also, we 
are talking of gross opening of 91 stores. Can you just help us what is the 
net store addition happening? And are the store closures behind us now? 

Or there is still rationalization happening of loss-making stores in the 
system? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: At any point of time, in a physical world, there is always churning down of 
3% to 4% of the stores, and that will continue at any point of time. It's 
sometimes higher, sometimes lower. So we are at a normal stage right 
now. I don't have exact data right now, but we can connect with Ankit on 
the store closure, etcetera. But I could say that we are now a regular pace, 
there's no extraordinary even happening currently. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Shailesh, just a feedback. There are more than 20 retail companies listed, 
and you are the only ones who don't share with us channel-wise revenue, 
neither do we get overall retail number of stores the company has today. 
I'll appreciate if disclosures can be marginally improved. It will help us 
analyse the company better. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Ankit, that's very, very good suggestion. Thank you for that. And both on 
the channel wise and on the store count, we take your feedback, and we 
will come back with those details soon, Ankit. Thanks for that feedback. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix 
Group. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Just had a couple of questions on Flying Machine. So whatever efforts and 
measures that we had taken to sort of energize Arrow seem to be now 
giving us good results. But do we have a similar level of confidence on 
Flying Machine also ramping up and turning around both in terms of scaling 
up as well as profitability? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Flying Machine is maybe a season behind Arrow in terms of the energy 
that we are putting. We started in spring-summer'23 in the last season 
with a very new imagination of the brand. We launched a new logo, a new 

propeller, new font for the brand, new advertising. We are very focused on 
selling to the Gen Z customer in a damn hot way. And the effort has just 
started 1 season. I'm happy to report to you that there are some green 
shoots while still very early in the recovery and you look at Arrow also has 
been -- many, many season, it takes time in this environment with 
uncertainty to grow. 
 
But I can say that we have seen a lot of green shoots in terms of better sell- 
thru’s in Flying Machine, and that sort of helps us to reduce discounting. So 
it's very early days still Himanshu, but we believe we are going in the right 
direction, the way we went in the right direction with Calvin Klein earlier or 
with Arrow and now with Flying Machine, and it's our own brand, and we 
are very, very committed to scale it up to its logical scale, we're very 
ambitious on this brand. Just that it's a very early stage of re-imagination of 
this brand, and we'll keep you posted as we move the brand forward, 
Himanshu. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Got it. And the second and final bit was on the Flipkart stake that we sold 
to Flipkart. So can you provide a timeline as to when that equity will 
convert it, so that we can know exactly what sort of stake Flipkart would 
hold in Flying Machine going forward? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So that event has happened. And it's a significant minority stake that has 
got transferred to Flipkart group. So that activity has happened. 
Ankit Arora: 
Himanshu, Ankit here, just give you a little bit more details on that. So as 
Shailesh mentioned, the event has already happened because that was 
supposed to be done as of based on the financial performance as of 
March'22. Post that event, Flipkart, of course, has an option to convert 
those CCPS into equity. So that's with Flipkart. 

 
But from our side, as far as the question is concerned on the percentage 
number, that's the reason the classification also has changed from CCPS, 
which is part of other liabilities to equity, and that really defines the entire 
structure of the transaction. 
Himanshu Nayyar: Okay. But we are not in a position to give out a number right now on how 
much... 
Ankit Arora: 
It's confidential based on the discussions with our partner. You will kind of 
get to know that number when they exercise that option available to them 
in a time period defined at their end. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It's a significant minority, that's what best I can hint it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Jatin Sangwan from Burman 
Capital Management Private Limited. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Congrats for the amazing set of results. My first question is around 
Aeropostale and Ed Hardy. So what was the absolute amount of loss that 
we incurred on Aeropostale and Ed Hardy? Until how much time will we 
keep incurring these losses? And what are our strategies to minimize these 
losses? Or are we also looking to sell these brands? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So from an operation point of view, Ed Hardy and Aeropostale are now 
silent brands in our portfolio. We're not producing any goods. We are not 
holding anything at our end. And like we have guided earlier in the investor 
call, that we have a certain minimum royalty to be paid for a number of 
years. 
 
This year, that royalty that we are paying what we call as tail brands, the 
brand that are not a part of these 5 marquee brands, it's around INR 15 
crores, and it will drop to less than INR 10 crores next year onwards. 

Jatin Sangwan: 
Second question is on Sephora. What was the loss due to Sephora in this 
quarter? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It's a very minor insignificant number, not material number, I must say. 
We don't give brand-wise data, but it's not a very large number. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
Okay. So last year, we had around loss of INR20 crores for Sephora in FY'23. 
So that means Sephora is now close to breakeven, much closer to 
breakeven for us? 
Ankit Arora: 
So just to clarify, I think you are referring to 2 different numbers. You are 
referring to a PBT loss of last year versus EBITDA comparison. So that's not 
the right comparison for you to do. 
Jatin Sangwan: 
No, I'm asking PBT loss number for Sephora this quarter. 
Ankit Arora: 
Yes, sure. So from a Sephora standpoint, the business was closer to about 
breakeven as to what Shailesh has mentioned multiple times. And of 
course, because it was a COCO retail business, it was a negative PBT 
business, and that continued to be in the similar trajectory for the first half 
of this year as well. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Ritesh from Molecule Ventures LLP. 
Ritesh: 
First of all, congratulations on nice margin upliftment in this quarter. Just I 
have a couple of questions. So we decided to open like 200 FOFO stores 
this year. Can you give a brand-wise breakup, which brand will have most 
of the addition or that sort of? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes. The expansion is across the brands. The Power Brand, obviously have 
a larger number of stores because that's where like USPA leading men 
casual leader brand, we have a very large number of stores. So we open 

more stores, but it's across all the brands. And we can, Ritesh, share the 
details, and we got the feedback from Ankit earlier, and we will keep that 
in mind, but we will provide the details to you, Ritesh. 
Ritesh: 
Okay. My next question is, what is – what would be our aspirational margin 
in Power Brand segment? Or should we consider this 13% or 13.2% as base 
case? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So let me split, Ritesh, this into 2 parts. Our first stage guidance was that 
we want to hit double-digit pre-IndAS EBITDA and grow EBITDA every year 
in the short term between 100 basis points to 150 basis points based on 
the market condition. 
 
Now as far as this step is concerned, we are now almost – we are close to 
13% post-Ind AS EBITDA and the difference we've been talking about in the 
investor call. We are in very knocking distance of that number that we have 
said. And if the markets were slightly better, we would have hopefully 
reached that number in this quarter. But we are very close to that number. 
And in Arrow and Flying Machine, we have some journey to travel. So 
that's the first step that we guided that we want to be a double-digit 
EBITDA in Power Brands, and we are very close to it, frankly, where very, 
very soon that 13% will go, and we will continue to grow at around 100 
basis points. 
 
Now if your question maybe more medium term and where we want to 
reach now, I would say, our aspiration is on a certain ROCE percentage, our 
aspiration is on certain cash flow that we want to generate to reduce our 
debt levels further and whether it's a near 0 debt level or very, very low 
that kind of number. So when I look at the ROCE metrics and work 
backwards to EBITDA, then our aspiration will be higher, and it will be 

closer to the kind of number that you mentioned, Ritesh, so that would be 
a medium term. 
 
But I think we need to first achieve our first stage EBITDA margin in these 
uncertain times. And once we reach that, I assure you that we have plans 
to then take it to the next level of EBITDA to deliver the kind of the targets 
on ROCE and returns and debt levels and cash flow that we have kept for 
ourselves. 
Ritesh: 
So what are the -- particularly levers that we should keep in mind for -- just 
to track about the upliftment of margins, ROCE, which you mentioned? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes. So there are 2-3 things that will help us in the short to medium term. 
First is this whole rigor on operations. We want to push our sell-through, 
we want to push our discounting lower, which we've been doing in last 4-5 
quarters, we have really upped our sell-thru’s, our discounting are under 
control. So that lower discounting flows as a higher GP and you look at our 
GP last 3 quarters, now we are steadily above close to 50%, and that 
number has gone up, and we hope that it will continue to increase further. 
So that's the one territory from the efficiency of our operations.  
 
Second, there's a lot of effort is going on to achieve the sourcing efficiency. 
We're working on many large levers to source even better. Also, as the 
brands are growing rapidly, that also helps us to reduce our sourcing cost. 
There's a lot of science behind that. So we also believe there is a gain 
coming in from the sourcing benefit. 
 
Third side is the typical scale leverage. As we've gained scale, we grow all 
the growth drivers, then our overhead, you see last 2-3 quarters we've 
been gaining, even this quarter, there is a small gain in the skill leverage 
despite market condition and the change of the calendar. And we continue 

to gain that scale leverage going forward. These are the some of the points 
and besides scale leverage, lower discounting, growth of the businesses, 
discounting and the sourcing costs coming down, I think some of those 
things will help. 
 
Also we are seeing a very good traction on the premium line of our brands, 
and premiumization is a key driver for us. And that's where we will see 
upliftment. And largely, then there are efficiency coming from the channel 
side as we grow a like-to-like. The retail profitability or the channel margins 
become better. So there are multi-pronged strategies to grow that. 
 
But I think somewhere, if I would say, broad themes are larger scale, better 
efficiency of operation on both product side and on the channel side, both 
online and offline. So those are the -- some of the drivers we believe will 
take us to the kind of targets we have for higher margin in our brands. 
Ritesh: 
So coming back to the brand-wise profitability, we did a phenomenal job in 
turning around Arrow as such. So what kind of again aspirational margin 
we do have for Arrow for this year? And similarly for Flying Machine? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, couple of our brands are already double-digit pre-Ind AS right? So I 
mean coming to Arrow and Flying Machine, both together, if you look at it 
at the very early stages of EBITDA margin, both are subscale, there is 
opportunity to increase their scale. And we are talking about EBITDA. Like I 
mentioned earlier in this call, early low single-digit EBITDA margin pre-
IndAS. And we need to take this to 10%. And it will come through 
efficiency, having the right KPI of the brands and then scaling up. And 
Arrow is one step ahead of Flying Machine in that. And both Flying 
Machine and Arrow, we need to take the businesses in the next 2 to 3 
years from low single-digit EBITDA to our aspiration is to hit 10% EBITDA in 
these brands also. 

Ritesh: 
Pre-Ind AS level? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes, everything what I said was pre-Ind AS. 
Ritesh: 
Yes, very good. So one more thing about the Power Brand itself. So what 
about USPA? So the momentum has continued for us, which we did last 
year or we can expect some tapering down of the momentum? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No. U.S. Polo has done well given the slowdown in market and the 
calendar shift. We're quite happy with the strength of this brand, it is the 
leader brand in men casual, is the top brand in the country. And we are 
focusing on taking the appeal of the brand forward through extension. 
 
I mentioned the adjacent categories are growing in high double-digit and 
very good share, almost 25% of the U.S. Polo business. We have categories 
like women's wear, footwear where we’re a leader. 
 
Footwear has grown more than 20% in U.S. Polo. We have just launched 
women's wear line with Palak Tiwari, I mentioned. We have innerwear, 
small leather goods. So there's a lot of categories which are being pushed 
in U.S. Polo and with good consumer acceptance. 
 
And also, we will back the brand with very high level of advertising and 
marketing investment, and I spoke about the Legends campaign, which 
everybody in the industry and the consumer side noticed, we really spent 
wholeheartedly, on overall, advertising went up by almost 100 basis points 
compared to last year's same quarter. 
 
And it's a very special brand, a very large-scale profitable brand. And we 
will leave no stone unturned. When the Global CEO, Michael, came 
recently for the Legend campaign launch, he also mentioned it's the fastest 
growing market for U.S. Polo in the world. It's the top 3 market for U.S. 

Polo in the world. So we have a very special position for this brand in India, 
and we will continue to capitalize on that trend and invest and grow this 
brand further. 
Ritesh: 
Very good. Sir, coming back to Emerging Brands side, right? So last quarter, 
you mentioned about discontinuation of one of our brand. Was it at Ed 
Hardy or Aeropostale? If you can just say. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, this portfolio, there are 2 brands that we are in the very advanced 
stages of closing the commercial transaction because we have minimum 
royalty on these brands going forward. One was IZOD and other is 
Aeropostale. 
 
So now IZOD we closed most of the financial expenses and other things last 
year. Aeropostale, we've just sort of done a negotiation and a deal with the 
parent company. And by next year, the Aeropostale royalty will also seize. 
We've got a new deal done with them. And these 2 brands now are in that 
sense, inactive. We don't produce these brands. But like I said earlier, in 
this portfolio of tail brands, we will have around INR 15 crores of EBITDA -- 
or INR 15 crores of royalty payment this year, which will drop to INR 10 
crores from next year onwards. 
Ritesh: 
Until how long it will drag? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: It's just a couple of more years, Ritesh. 
Ritesh: 
Okay. So sir, one more last. 
Moderator: 
We have other participants also waiting in the queue. We have the next 
question from the line of Mr. Varun Pratap Singh from ICICI Securities. 

Varun Singh: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers in a tough time. So my first 
question is on this category and brand extension into women wear. So just 
wanted to pick your mind with regards to how are we thinking about the 
women wear segment or category given that this segment has a different 
set of nuances altogether right from product development to the way the 
product is sold at the channel level, etc. And also, I mean, what are our 
aspirations? I mean, broad aspirations into this very segment? That's my 
first question. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Varun, thanks for your good wishes. And as far as the women wear 
business is concerned, we do women's wear business in Tommy Hilfiger 
and Calvin largely on the accessory side and a little bit of apparel side. 
USPA also, our women's wear business in 2 parts. One is the accessories 
and the other is the apparel. So we sell footwear of women's wear for U.S. 
Polo very successfully in online portal. So you go to Mantra, you'll see 
handbags and footwear. And doing really well, and it's a profitable business 
at this early stage and with very good KPIs online. 
 
So we're very happy with the business of footwear and handbags that 
we've recently done in U.S. Polo. The other side now is to extend into the 
apparel. There is a global line that U.S. Polo does, and we have 
understanding of women, and apparel. It's very early stage, Varun, right 
now. What we're doing right now is to piloting the women's wear apparel 
line in online space. 
 
Currently, there's no offline distribution for U.S. Polo women's wear. We 
are working with our partners, and there is a large set of young consumers 
online women, and we are using that catchment to sell, and slowly and 
steadily based on the KPI, we'll extend it to other channels. 

 
So right now, we are in very early stage, and we don't want to talk because 
some of this will be competitive also. So you will hear a lot more about the 
women's wear in times to come, Varun. But right now, it's very early stage. 
We already committed ourselves to the accessory business, handbags, and 
footwear. You can see it doing really well. 
 
In apparel, we are a couple of seasons behind and we are testing the 
women's wear apparel line in U.S. Polo currently. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood, sir. Very clear. But a second follow-up on this would be when 
we choose online as a platform to start this very line. So if you can give 
some insights with regards to the unit economics and especially on the cost 
of doing business online, compared to cost of doing the same business in 
the offline space, for example, we would have entered into a large format 
store, getting some shelf space out there and kind of venturing out or 
would have started to do this business. Some color on difference in the 
cost of doing business compared to a large format stores, which is also a 
broking method of selling all product compared to an online platform? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: See, Varun, women's wear, or any business, we do online, offline, I must 
say that our focus is on profitable growth. So we are not going to do any 
business where we will lose money. And after the initial modelling and 
based on all the KPIs and the metrics that you mentioned, once we have a 
green signal and we have a tick box, then only we'll expand the businesses. 
 
So at this point in time, also we keep doing a lot of trial in many business 
categories. And once something passes our test on profitability and future 
profitable growth, only those categories are launched. So even women's 
wear and online, our KPIs are good. 

 
And I think, see, in this -- the 2 things we focus is on the discounting one 
and also the stock turn. So at this point of time, both on stock turn as well 
as on the discounting on the online platform, women's wear of U.S. Polo 
apparel is doing really well. So we are happy with this. We just want to see 
for couple of season so that we see it sustainable. And then we will grow it. 
So we will always be focused on profitable growth. 
Varun Singh: 
That's very clear. Sir, correction, my question was that I wanted to 
understand that what was your basic reasoning for choosing an online 
platform and not a large format store, for example, a Shoppers Stop or 
some other platform or with regards to kick-starting the business. 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Yes. So we have a very large young women shopping online, and you see 
from our own Sephora experience also we saw a lot of discovery today 
happens online, especially for young women that we are targeting. So it 
was an easy decision to first prioritize on the online channel because it's 
easy to experiment. 
 
Also, you don't split your inventory. So they is a large pool of inventory in 
our marketplace. When you go to physical stores or department stores, 
anyway the stock gets cut sometime, then it leads to cut sizes and 
discounting. And I think the speed of experimentation is higher online. So 
it's easy to then experiment for young women online. So it was an easy 
decision in that sense, Varun. 
Varun Singh: 
Very clear, sir. And just one last question, if I may. What would be our total 
revenue contribution from all the category extensions, for example, 
footwear, etc. as on today? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So Varun, category expansion has happened in 2 sets of brands. One is 
U.S. Polo, our strongest brand and in Tommy, CK piece. So in U.S. Polo, the 

extension, which is children's wear, women's wear, innerwear, footwear, 
which is a very large business, all these put together now touching 25% of 
the brand. And these growth rates are also in double digits. So that's the 
USPA piece. 
 
The second is in the Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein, where we've been 
selling watches or children's wear or underwear or small leather goods, like 
belts and wallets, and eyewear, etc., for many, many years now. That 
business in retail is close to 20% of the contribution, and that's also 
growing at high double digit right now. So a high-teen percentage. So in 
Arrow and Flying Machine, we are testing the adjacent category, still early 
days. 
 
So we've just done footwear launch in Flying Machine with online and it's 
doing very good response in that value attractively priced segment. And in 
Arrow, we've just done beside suits and blazer, we have done launch of 
small leather goods like belt and wallet, and we will continue to extend the 
accessories in Arrow as we take the business forward. So that's the piece. 
And in both U.S. Polo and the Tommy, CK bucket, adjacent category have a 
good share of business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv from DAM Capital Advisors 
Limited. 
Rajiv: 
My question is on standalone bit, which is INR 200 crores revenue. That is 
entirely Arrow wholesale, right? Is there anything else in that? 
Ankit Arora: 
That's right, Rajiv. 
Rajiv: 
Yes. And in the base quarter, you had the footwear bit as well, the USPA 
footwear bit. So what is the clean number in the base quarter, let's say, 
like-for-like? 

Ankit Arora: 
I will have to just check that. U.S. Polo footwear is what we had moved 
effective January itself from Q4 of last year, so that's not anymore there in 
the reporting quarters going forward. 
Rajiv: 
Sure. And just an extension of this. So usually, Q2 and which is a wholesale 
heavy quarter, usually 30% of the entire business. That means this 
wholesale bit, the Arrow part itself is close to 650 crores kind of business, 
right? And assuming that your retail is also 20%. So it is already INR 800 
crores, INR 900 crores kind of size in terms of the brand itself, is it? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Well, it's less than that, Rajiv, Arrow business. 
Rajiv: 
Your Q2 is not 30% of the entire the wholesale bit? Is that because we see 
that in Madura. Their wholesale historically has been like that their Q2. 
Ankit Arora:  
To correct you, Rajiv, wholesale, which is basically, if I were to classify 
nonretail, would have been closer to about 60% of our business in Q2. 
Rajiv: 
No, no. I'm talking only about this Arrow bit, not the entire. I'm saying this 
INR 200 crores. If we were to annualize, this will become INR 600 crores, 
INR 650 crores on the wholesale, right? The Arrow wholesale, this 
particular standalone entity? 
Girdhar Chitlangia: So Rajiv, as Ankit said, I mean, wholesale is about 60% of the business. So 
even if you annualize, we will not get INR 600 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kedia from PhillipCapital. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sir, a couple of follow-up questions from my side. Sir, what is the size of the 
U.S. Polo store today? And given that adjacencies are only increasing, and 
with kids wear, women wear assuming 1 year down the line, you want to 

open them in the store. Are we looking for a larger size stores, 
incrementally in U.S. Polo as we open the stores? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Ankit, you're absolutely right, the store size from 1,500 to 2,000 square 
feet, we are now taking it to a higher level, including you know, attempt at 
opening even larger, larger stores than that. So with so many new 
categories coming in possibility of someday women's wear were coming in. 
So there will be a need for a bigger space. And if I look at last 2 months, we 
opened a lot of big stores in U.S. Polo. 
Ankit Kedia: 
So from a unit economics, right? What the previous participant also asked, 
right? Do you see the throughput or the margins in these adjacencies 
higher to reciprocate the rentals which we pay for these larger stores? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: So our adjacencies are very profitable. And in many cases, footwear and 
all are even more profitable and it's a large scale now almost close to INR 
300 crores business. 
 
So that said, also, when you look at some offline retailing point of view, the 
beauty of the adjacent categories, they don't take too much of space. So 
footwear does a decent percentage of our revenue of retail space from a 
small wall, or an underwear just a small gondola, or belt and wallet from 
just a standalone small gondola. So typically, adjacent category has done 
well, they will be accretive from margin point of view, also from sales per 
square foot per day point of view. 
Ankit Kedia: 
Sure. And my second question is it's been 1.5 years, we have moved to 
consignment sales, right? And we can see the full price sell-thru’s, 
inventory being fresh and your inventory turns being better. Now our 
check suggests that we're also opening more factory outlets in the market. 
So how frequently is the supply from the stores going to the factory 

outlets? And how does that supply chain work to get a better 
understanding of this consignment? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: Sure, Ankit. Here, the factory outlet has better realization also, typically, 
you know, the other methods were to liquidate to jobbers at lower 
realization or also sell online OSM, but sometimes, the cash conversion 
may be slower there. So we build this outlet channel. And that attempt is 
just enough to liquidate what we get back from the market. 
 
We are not like trying to make a separate business out of this. So we have -
- after the season, we take back twice a year spring summer or autumn 
winter and then we send the goods back to the outlet. So that method is 
just to liquidate it in a very efficient with a lower discounting, better margin 
for us. And also in retail, we get the money next day morning in the bank. 
So that's the idea. 
Ankit Kedia: 
It's just that the inventories are so optimal, are we losing sales by having 
such low inventory? Or do you think this 90 days -- 85, 90 days is optimum 
inventory at the store level? 
Shailesh Chaturvedi: No, we have adequate inventory. And in this uncertain time, we are 
adequately placed. And inventory, we can push higher. So we can -- if we 
run out of inventory, then we can push things higher. And we saw COVID 
recovery also, the demand was very high compared to what market 
industry anticipated. And we did push higher inventory quickly in the 
market. So in our industry, typically, higher inventory is the problem, lower 
inventory is a lesser problem. And if we -- as you rightly said, if we run out 
of inventory, we can produce goods and send it to the market quickly. 

Moderator: 
In the interest of time, that would be the last question for today. I would 
now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Ankit Arora: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. I understand some of 
you may have follow-up questions. But in the interest of time, we'll have to 
close this call. If any of you have any further questions, please feel free to 
reach out to me separately, and I would be happy to take them offline. 
 
Thank you so much for joining on the call and look forward to interacting 
again next quarter and wish all of you a very happy and prosperous Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Arvind Fashions Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines.   
Note: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
