  
DCB Bank Limited  
Corporate & Registered Office: 6th Floor, Tower A, Peninsula Business Park, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai - 400013 
CIN: L99999MH1995PLC089008 Tel: +91 22 66187000 Fax: +91 22 66589970 Website: www.dcbbank.com 
 
 
Ref. No.CO:CS:RC:2023-24:211  
  
November 04, 2023  
BSE Limited 
Listing Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
1st floor Dalal Street. 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532772 
NSE Symbol: DCBBANK 
  
Dear Sirs,  
 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on October 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the 
transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on October 31, 2023 with respect to the 
Financial Results of DCB Bank Limited (“the Bank”) for the second quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2023. The same has also been uploaded on website of the Bank and 
can be accessed at the link given below: 
 
  
 https://www.dcbbank.com/upload/pdf/DCB-Bank-Q2-FY-24-Earnings-Call-Transcript-Oct-31-2023.pdf  
 
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DCB Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As stated above 
 
  
Rubi 
Chaturvedi
Digitally signed by 
Rubi Chaturvedi 
Date: 2023.11.04 
11:55:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“DCB Bank Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURALI M NATRAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER  
MR. RAVI KUMAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
MR. AJIT KUMAR SINGH – CHIEF INVESTOR  
RELATIONS OFFICER  
MR. PRAVEEN KUTTY – HEAD RETAIL BANKING & 
AGRI BANKING  
MR. SRIDHAR SESHADRI – CHIEF RISK OFFICER   
MR. VENKATTESH R – HR, OPERATIONS, IT & CIO   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the DCB Bank Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. Joining us on the call today are Mr. Murali M. Natrajan, Managing Director 
and CEO; Mr. Ravi Kumar, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ajit Kumar Singh, Chief Investor 
Relations Officer. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Murali M. Natrajan. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Murali Natrajan: 
Thank you very much for joining this call. We also have Sridhar Seshadri, our Chief Risk 
Officer, R. Venkattesh, our HR, Operations and IT Head; and then we have Praveen Kutty, who 
is our Head of Retail Banking and Agri Banking. 
So let me just give you a few points, and then we will open up for questions. Our advances 
growth was about 19% and deposit growth was 23%. The market conditions were tough. So the 
cost of funds went up and were not easy to grow CASA balances. That had some impact on 
NIM, and we expect this to stabilize over the next two quarters. We will explain in detail a little 
bit more. 
 
Collection efficiency continues to be strong. While there were slippages in mortgages, primarily 
coming from customers who have just now come out of moratorium, and there are no more 
moratorium left. Everything is billed as of now. Our collection upgrades and recoveries have 
started picking up. For example, if you see in Page 25, last quarter was INR 211 crores of 
upgrade and recoveries this year -- this quarter is INR 289 crores, which is 73% of the slippages. 
We expect this number to continue to build. And we think that we should be able to reach similar 
levels to what we were able to do last year in about maybe two quarters or so. 
 
If I look at slippages without considering gold, it is at about 2.69%, which is lower than last 
quarter slippages. And we think that step-by-step as we intensify our collections on customers 
in the restructured pool, we should be able to contain the new slippages, essentially coming from 
mortgages, that is one. 
 
In terms of disbursal, again disbursal has picked up and we expect this number to improve in the 
coming quarters. We started growing our headcount again. Last quarter, you may have seen a 
lower number on headcount. This quarter is an increase in headcount. And we are building this 
capacity, so that in the coming years, we can achieve higher than 20% growth rate on a year-on-
year basis. And our intention is to double the balance sheet in 3-plus years, that still is how we 
are proceeding. 
 
In terms of cost to average assets, that is declining with growth, and we expect that to keep 
coming down as we continue to grow our portfolio. So those are some of the things that I wanted 
to mention. Top 20 deposits is just about 7%. And we continue to be very granular in our loan 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
portfolio. 85% of our loan book continues to be at INR 3 crores or below. Credit cost is at 28 
basis points. And our capital adequacy remains strong to support our growth ambition. 
 
I'll open up for the questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Darpin Shah from Haitong India. 
Please go ahead.  
Darpin Shah: 
So when you explain about the slippages being lower ex gold. But if I see the no NPAs segment-
wise, there has been a rise most of the segments, whether it's corporate, which you mentioned -
- sorry, whether it is for mortgages or even the SME segment. And even in the other segment, 
etc, excluding gold. So if you can just throw some light there as well? And second question is 
on other income. I'll ask that later. 
Murali M. Natrajan 
Yes. So mortgages, all portfolio has come out of moratorium, all portfolio is billed. If you see 
our collection efficiency, including restructures, we are in pretty good shape in terms of 
restructures. What happens I think in customers who have come out of moratorium is that it 
takes about, like, I think, explained last quarter also, it takes about three, four months for them 
to come into the rhythm of paying on a regular basis. 
 
As you know, even if they miss -- once they miss three payments, and then even if they are 
making one, one payment, it remains as NPA. And it takes time for them to kind of bring back 
to normalcy. You will see that usually, our upgrades are higher than recoveries, that suggests 
that we are able to get the customer back into regular-paying customers through upgrades more 
than we do on recoveries. 
 
So from that point of view, I think we should expect the recoveries to pick up, and we have 
demonstrated that this quarter also because it's already at 73%. Last year, we were demonstrating 
about anywhere from 98% to 100%. And we expect that because we have adequate capacity in 
collections to achieve that. SME and all, even if some two accounts slips into NPA that might 
show as an uplift. 
 
Again, these are cases where we have full security customers who have missed, for example, 
that November 12 circular of not servicing interest slip into it and then they come and repay and 
then come back to normalcy. On corporate, it's a very small slippage of some addition to some 
existing NPAs. So I don't think there has been on challenge on that. So that is how the things 
look. 
 
Gold loans, it is at INR 42 crores. You don't worry about gold loan too much. Like I said, we 
have full security, and we have been able to demonstrate that we can reduce gold loan NPAs at 
any point in time as the customer comes and settles the loans with us. 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay. And just to -- if you can tell -- when do you see that slippages coming below 2% ex gold, 
like you were pre-COVID or slightly prior to that as well. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Murali Natrajan: 
I think we have to give ourselves another two quarters, at least, I feel. The reason for that is that 
all these small customers who had gone into restructure and moratorium, some part of them take 
time to come back to the rhythm of repaying their loans. So we are on top of it. 
 
We have -- the good news is that we used to actually have a separate team reminding customers 
in the moratorium. Now that they are not in moratorium, we have kind of brought them into 
regular collections, which is also helping, I think because now we can be a lot more confident 
in asking the money to -- from the customer when there in moratorium for example. We have 
collected a lot of money while they were in the moratorium also to make sure that they don't get 
into a habit of losing touch with payment schedules and so on. 
 
But some of them prefer to stay in moratorium. So -- but overall, I don't see any issues with the 
portfolio. And our recovery upgrade performance on some of these customers who have come 
out of moratorium, who are restructured also indicates that we have a pretty good handle on the 
situation. 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay. And sir, my second question is related to margins. In your initial comment, you mentioned 
about cost of deposits stabilizing over the next two quarters. So if you can throw some light 
there, how much deposits have already been repriced? What's coming next or what will be 
coming in the next couple of quarters? How do you see that shaping up? 
Murali Natrajan: 
So let me talk about margin and cost of deposits. We are tracking cost of deposit on a daily basis. 
And we have a good understanding on how the deposit pricing is moving. The deposit repricing 
of the existing term deposit and all should complete in about 2 quarters, Ravi? 
Ravi Kumar: 
In another two quarters. 
Murali Natrajan: 
In another two quarters, it should get completed. But while that is happening, Darpin, what is 
happening also is that -- you have -- we have different types of portfolio, right? For example, 
tractor and gold loan will be in the fixed category. So that will not see any improvement in yield 
except for new loans that we originate. The portfolio cannot be repriced there in some of those. 
Like for example, CV is about INR 250 crores or INR 200-odd crores and some tractor, which 
is -- which can't be repriced. Then we have a portfolio where -- which is essentially mortgage, 
LAP and home loans where we give a small period of fixed and then we make it variable, to help 
us to kind of make sure that the customer retention is intact, at least in the initial period. Many 
of those portfolios are coming up for repricing in the coming months and start to pick up even 
more in the next year. 
MCLR portfolio, which is a declining portfolio, also has a fixed schedule of every quarter 
passing on the increase. So net-net, what seems to be happening is that we just have to bear with 
the cost of fund increase for about two quarters. And then the entire benefit of volume starts to 
-- we start to gain that post, say, about 1.5 to 2 quarters. If I look at our month-on-month basis. 
So that's how our indications are. And we are pretty confident that unless there is some major 
issue in market in terms of liquidity and cost of ongoing haywire, we seem to be in that path at 
the moment. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Darpin Shah: 
Okay. Just related to it, how much was the margin impact because of slippages during the 
quarter, and that will be -- that's it from my end? 
Murali Natrajan: 
We don't have that, but some recoveries happens, some slippage happens. So I don't think I have 
that stuff. But I don't think it is a very material number. Because a big story upgrades as well. 
And in recovery, I've seen the slippages, say, for example, in slippages I sacrificed 3 months 
interest, as an example, I'm just saying. But if I recover some old NPA, which is 6, 7 months, I 
might actually gain interest of 6, 7 months. So it's like a lot of plus and minus on that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jai Mundhra from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jai Mundhra: 
I have a couple of questions. So first, on your savings rate, right? At the end -- at the fag end of 
the quarter, we had increased the SA rate from -- in INR  10 lakhs to INR 2 crores bucket to 8% 
versus I think slightly below 7%. So, a, of course, this is maybe at the top end of the industry 
offering. Other banks that offer such kind of rates, they have very high yielding micro finance 
portfolio or some other unsecured portfolio, whereas our blended yields are around 11.5%. 
You had some landed cost on top of this 8% regulatory costs, etc. Then the incremental margins 
that would come out of this liability would be much margin dilutive, I mean, broad mathematics. 
So (a), what led to this kind of a pricing strategy? (b), what could be the proportion in this bucket, 
so because this is -- this has come at the fag end of the quarter, so ideally the full impact should 
come in third quarter. So a, why this change? Of course, other banks are -- also have such pricing, 
but they have very high proportion of -- or a significant proportion of MFI unsecured loan. So 
your thoughts there? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes. So first of all, bulk for our savings account balances come at the lower end of the pricing 
band. To be able to -- let's say, for example, we have 100 RMs in the frontline. Not more than 
15 RMs can actually be really phasing up to high-ticket HNI kind of customers. The rest of the 
guys all get ticket price of INR 1.5 lakhs, INR 2 lakhs, INR 2.5 lakhs, INR 3 lakhs, like that. So 
the pricing on the savings account for many of these customers are in the aspirational zone as 
opposed to actually them earning. But it is slightly better than, say, for example, a public sector 
bank, and also we are able to attract customers. 
Besides that, we also offer some cash back kind of opportunities in some of the products, so that 
also attract customers. So even after pricing at an 8%, I don't believe that, that is our price that 
we pay in overall SA balances, that is point one. 
Second point I want to mention is many times the customer retention strategy is that you have 
to offer a slightly higher rate in savings because the customer instead of giving it at the term 
deposit, wants to have the flexibility of keeping it at the savings account. So those are the 
customers that are attractive in that high ticket -- high pricing. 
And frankly, the customer is paying us less than the term deposits in this particular case, because 
he will actually get all the band pricing, so it will probably come at less than 8%. So I would 
like to argue that for retention of those customers, we are actually paying less than term deposit 
rates. So that is our approach on those things. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. But this will be a very -- I mean, this could be a significantly margin dilutive strategy, 
right? Because even if... 
Murali Natrajan: 
You compare, Jai Mundhra, you compare what is the cost of fund increase on a marginal basis 
on the last quarter, that is a quarter that has come by for all the banks. I mean we have done the 
comparison. Our cost of fund has grown up by 15 basis points. You can check that and check 
with all other banks who may actually be showing different -- maybe lower rate in the car or 
something and how their cost of funds have gone up, then we can obviously have a discussion 
on that. 
Jai Mundhra: 
No, no. So this quarter, the impact would have been only for 3 to 4 days, right? Other banks 
have seen cost of funds increased by 30 to 40 basis points, we are much better off... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Even 80 basis points, even 80 basis points. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes. So we are much better off. But I think the full impact will come only in third quarter, right? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Not because of the savings rate. Like I said, savings rate at 8% is more of a retention strategy of 
customers who are getting cannibalized on the term deposits because some other bank is offering 
that kind of flexibility to them at the savings rate. So better that we actually retain them by this, 
where we actually end up paying less than 8% because of the various rates that appear in the 
band. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. And are you seeing very healthy inflows because of this and retention? I mean... 
Murali Natrajan: 
So you don't want to lose some of the customers. So -- and like I said, the customers who are 
acquired by us are all in the smaller band -- all the branches. I mean, it's very difficult to get 
customers at INR 2 crores, INR 3 crores, INR 5 crores, it's not easy because there are a lot of 
opportunities for those customers. So bulk of our customers come in the smaller balances... 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. That's good. Second question is, sir, on your disbursement trend and loan growth, right? 
So loan growth has been very healthy at 18%, 19% Y-o-Y. But if I look at our disbursement in 
the last 2 quarters, that has been negative Y-o-Y. The growth has been negative Y-o-Y. 
Murali Natrajan: 
What is negative Y-o-Y? 
Jai Mundhra: 
The disbursement growth is negative. I mean there is a Y-o-Y decline in the disbursement 
amount? 
Murali Natrajan: 
So the answer to that is very simple. We had a product called TReDS, and we have toned down 
that product substantially because there is a huge amount of competition that we are facing in -
- from public sector who are possibly offering far lower rate than us. So if you back off the 
TReDS out of it, Y-o-Y quarter-on-quarter, our growth will be quite impact on that. And that 
was a low yielding one. So we really don't worry about it. Part of it has got shifted to better 
yielding short-term corporate loans. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. Okay. And then, sir, on your gold loan strategy as a product, right? So this has been a 
core -- I mean this has been a key focus product. But if I see the portfolio is reducing in 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
percentage terms, and I think in absolute terms also. And at the same time, slippages, at least in 
the last few quarters have risen, right? Maybe the next slippages would be miniscule because 
you would end up recovering everything. But the proportion is reducing and the slippages are 
rising. So what is -- what wrong is happening in this product? Worth of this marketplace... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Nothing wrong is happening in the product. Gold loan slippages are sometimes can also be 
seasonal. Sometimes it can be that some inefficiency in the branches in terms of following up 
on the gold can cause slippages. As long as we ensure that there is no fraud or any poor valuation 
kind of thing in the gold origination -- gold loan origination, we really don't worry. From a 
timing point of view, NPA is a problem. 
But other than that, we don't worry. As of now, we are focusing a lot also on gold co-lending 
and other co-lending. And diverting some of our branch resources to getting deposits because 
you would appreciate that last quarter has been tough for the entire market on deposits, and we 
have grown deposits by 23%, and we want to keep a healthy growth of deposits. 
So what we -- when we do gold loan co-lending with the different entities, we don't incur the 
operating costs and the margin is also very healthy. So part of the capacity has been diverted to 
getting more deposits. And gold loan is something that we will continue to push and -- as we 
improve our deposit momentum. 
Jai Mundhra: 
But sir, the proportion in overall loans is reducing for gold loan, at least... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Co-lending has been doing well. 
Jai Mundhra: 
So co-lending gold does not come in the gold, right? Is that the understanding? 
Murali Natrajan: 
No, no. There is co-lending gold and co-lending other products. Co-lending gold is not reflected 
in our gold loan, probably. Separately shown as co-lending. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Okay. Okay. So -- but why -- I mean, our own sourcing of gold loan, why is it not growing? I 
mean, considering... 
Murali Natrajan: 
We have put some of the capacity for deposits in many of our branches because we want to make 
sure that our deposit momentum -- retail deposit momentum is -- so that kind of balance we have 
done to make sure that without giving them additional capacity, make sure that they focus on 
gold. So we change the scorecard here and there to make sure that the deposit momentum is 
strong. And also you see the fee momentum because all the branches are performing quite well 
on core fee income, which you would have noticed in our presentation. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Yes. Yes, noted, sir. And last question, sir, on your opex to assets, right? So in the last 2, 3, 4 
quarters, that ratio is improving. And we are steadily making an improvement there towards our 
goal of 2.4%, 2.5%. There is no -- I mean, that trajectory should be maintained, right? I mean is 
a fair way to look at it? I mean there is no, let's say, I mean, this quarter, the starts have increased, 
but ideally that trajectory should sustain improvement that is a broader question. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes. The way we have been looking at our projections for the next three years, making certain 
assumptions, we will continue to invest in frontline. As you know, in quarter 1, all the cost of 
salary increase and all comes in, whereas there is no balance sheet to support. So usually, our 
first quarter cost would be higher without the corresponding balance sheet, the growth. 
At that time, you may see some here and there increase in cost to average assets. On a long-term 
trend basis, year-on-year, we expect cost to average assets to come down. While we are 
continuing to invest in frontline -- increase of frontline staff for us to continue to grow. And our 
intention is to increase the growth to above 20%. 
Jai Mundhra: 
Right. And sir, if I may ask, I have one last question. So (a), the status or the -- any status update 
on the MD, CEO appointment. And secondly, there was an RBI notification which said that bank 
has to have more than one whole-time director. So your time line on the appointment of another 
whole-time director? Thank you. 
Murali Natrajan: 
Whatever RBI guidelines, we will comply with it. So we have to engage with the NRC and 
Board to make that happen. So I think the guideline has just come about 4, 5 days ago or a few 
days ago. So we are on top of it. 
As far as the MD CEO appointment is concerned, the application has already been put into RBI, 
and we will wait for RBI to revert to us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
So firstly, you mentioned when you're opening -- in one of the comments about the mortgage 
book first coming at a fixed rate and then repricing at high level. So could you just explain what 
exactly happens in the product? And is the entire portfolio in the same format? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I did not catch your question. What is same format? 
Mona Khetan: 
So on the mortgage portfolio, you mentioned that you first give these loans at a fixed rate, 
mortgage loan... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Small-ticket loans, see, we incur legal costs, we incur valuation costs. Some of the small-ticket 
customers, at least for a small period of time to prefer fixed EMI. And these small-ticket 
customers, our yield is higher than our average yield that you see in our portfolio, depending 
upon their credit risk profile. Because we have certain bands, depending upon the type of product 
and location, etc, we have a pricing grid, which we administer on that. 
So when you originate these loans, they come up for -- they're all fixed for a small period of 
time, and then they come for repricing. So we see that whatever loans we have booked in the 
last year or so, all that is now coming up for repricing month-on-month. And that starts to build 
up further next year because our new originations have also started improving since the last 
many months. So all that all starts to come for repricing in the calendar year of next year itself. 
That is what I mentioned. And this happened only in small-ticket loans. For a slightly bigger-
ticket loan and all, it is fully variable, right from day one. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. So the fixed rate is typically for a year, and then it moves to the... 
Murali Natrajan: 
It depends on customer preference, it can be six months, it can be one year. It depends on the 
customer's preference. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. And if I have to understand of your mortgage book, how much of this is -- this kind of -- 
how much of the portfolio is... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Because our mortgage book is very old now, it's INR 18,000 crores, we've been doing mortgage 
for -- I don't have that number readily. All we monitor is how much coming up for repricing and 
what is the impact of that on basis points on -- so in our projection, we keep adding those 
changes. 
Mona Khetan: 
So in the next six months, for example, how much could be coming up for the repricing of the 
mortgage, sir? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I don't have that. But I think it keeps building up because we started booking more loans, if you 
see in the last 12 months, right? So it starts to build-up much more by February, March of next 
year. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. Got it. And secondly, on the restructured book. So I understand some of the flow-through 
is happening over the last two quarters. So two things here. One, do you expect this to continue? 
And secondly, when these loans become an NPA, is the interest reversion typically more than 
three months because they were restructured and were not paid? Or is it typically the similar 
three-month format? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Usually, it is only three months. But when we upgrade some of these loans, so it could be more 
than three months because two things happen. If a customer goes into NPA, and we have to, let's 
say, initiate all the legal process and all, the legal process and everything takes about anywhere 
from three months to six months to kind of fructify, maybe even seven months to fructify. But 
in the meantime, if you are able to negotiate with the customer and get into upgraded accounts 
settle etc, then you actually gain a few more months, I mean, all the months, the interest that he 
has not paid. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. Got it. And just finally, on your ROAs what would be the guidance? And what could be 
the drivers here on from the -- for the ROAs? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I think two, three drivers are there, but not in any particular order. We are slightly, I would say, 
delayed on that because of the sudden cost of fund increase that we had to grapple with in the 
last three months. But we see that situation stabilizing in about two quarters or so. First of all, 
the growth would help us to improve the cost to average assets, for example, would improve and 
we get the balance sheet. In line with balance sheet, our fee income also is expected to grow, 
that is one. 
Secondly, although it is difficult to grow CASA, what we have done is we have kind of put a lot 
of -- shifted some of the capacity, like I mentioned to Jai Mundhra, to CASA and term deposits 
because we want to make sure that we don't allow the cost of funds to get too much out of control 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
despite the market conditions. We don't believe that our credit cost should go out of control. I 
used to give a guidance of 45 basis points, 50 basis points. But from the current portfolio, it 
looks like it can even be like 35 basis points, 38 basis points. That is how it looks from whatever 
reading that we have of our portfolio. 
And lastly, we are also changing some of the product mix, and this is important for us to know 
is that prior to COVID, we used to do lot more business loans and our proportion of home loan 
was like maybe 20%, 25%. During COVID, we shifted our focus to home loans. Again, the same 
segment. Segment remains the same as self-employed. And slowly now, we are shifting it back 
because now we are pretty confident of the current market situation on our own portfolio. We 
are shifting this direction to more business loan. That also should help us to give us a few basis 
points on the NIM. These are the actions that we are taking to get to ROA of 1% and 14%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Just on the restructured portfolio, as you said that none of the current restructured accounts are 
under moratorium now. So how does one expect the upgrade trajectory here? 
Murali Natrajan: 
If you look at our slippages, more slippages are coming out from the restructure and much less 
on the overall non-restructured book. However, from upgrade and recoveries, there is no 
challenge in any of the slippages. So recent slippages, which has happened because of customers 
coming out of moratorium in, say, for example, early calendar year this year and maybe April, 
June, etc whosoever has slipped out of it will take about six months at least to mature into either 
a settlement or an upgrade or a recovery action. 
So we expect and we have demonstrated. Again, if you see our absolute recovery and upgrades 
this quarter, I think it is about INR 295 crores. And if you look at March quarter, we probably 
were at about INR 300-some crores. I think it is on Page 25, if I'm not mistaken. Yes, Page 25. 
So again, INR 306 crores, we are at INR 289 crores. So we have demonstrated ability to do 
upgrade and recovery of tool. So I expect this number to continue to improve. And we don't use 
any collection agency and all. All our collections are in-house. Even lot of lawyers we have in-
house. So we feel that we have pretty decent handle of this. 
Sameer Bhise: 
And of the balance pool of restructured loans, how much would be mortgages? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I think much of the pool is either home loan or LAP and very small part will be commercial 
vehicle. Other than that, we don't have anything. So that's the other thing. We've never 
restructured any unsecured loan and all. We probably would have restructured maybe CV -- we 
never restructured BC loans. The only loan that we restructured was customers who have good 
track record with us and who are having temporary difficulties, which was mostly in mortgages, 
home loan and commercial vehicles. 
Sameer Bhise: 
So 80-20 split across mortgage and CV would be a... 
Murali Natrajan: 
No, no, no. CV will be much less than that, much, much less than that. Our CV portfolio itself 
is very small, as you can see. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gaurav Jani from Prabhudas Lilladher. Please 
go ahead. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sir, first question is probably I missed the comment. The fee income looks a bit bumped up this 
quarter. Is it because of PSLC and if you could quantify this, sir? 
Murali Natrajan: 
There are no PSLC, now a days. Two years ago, we earned INR 80 crores of PSLC, right? Last 
year, I think PSLC was some INR 20-odd crores, right? This year, I think, PSLC will be maybe 
INR3 crores, INR 4 crores. We have taken a hit of INR 80 crores on our chest on the PSLC. 
PSLC which looks like every year, it will improve for whatever -- I mean that's a separate 
decision for whatever reason, and we have been continue to generate good quality PSL and all, 
but the demand supply has been a challenge on this particular -- this thing. 
So it's not PSLC income. A lot of work done on third-party fee income. If you recall, we have 
told you in the past, maybe few quarters ago that we have a separate team, which is training the 
front line in all the branches, giving them training, the analytics team giving them support on 
the kind of customers they should contact all that is happening, and we hope to continue to build 
the momentum on this. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Appreciate this. Just want to clarify that there are no one-offs out, right? I mean, so could we 
assume, INR 90 crores, INR 95 crores sort of run rate to be in normal? 
Murali Natrajan: 
There is no one-off on this at all, and we hope to grow fee income in line with our balance sheet 
growth year-on-year. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Understood. Sir, secondly, coming to the funding profile, right? If you could just quantify the 
LCR, the reason I'm asking this is because over the last one year to 1.5 years, we increased our 
share of wholesale deposits. So a sub-question to that is would be the -- our NIMs are between… 
Murali Natrajan: 
So from where are you getting the information that we have increased the sale of the wholesale 
deposits? 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sir, the interbank deposits have gone up by from 9% to 13.3%. So that is the number? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes. So we have the following -- all top 20 deposits you see, it has been below 7%. This quarter, 
it has just slightly increase to 7.06% or something like that, right? That is number one. We have 
a number of customers in the co-operative bank category, small co-operative bank categories, 
who give us non-callable deposits, okay? And that has been our core customer was, probably 
10-odd years. 
At the same time, you see, we have continued to grow our retail term deposits as well. So from 
a profile of liquidity, and LCR, I think, are in pretty good shape, except that market has not been 
very easy for us to grow our CASA balances and we are putting that effort by shifting some 
capacity -- more capacity into CASA. 
Gaurav Jani: 
Sir, just a sub-question to that. I mean in terms of funding costs, right, the interbank deposits 
and retail term deposits, the cost of funds, funding would be similar? 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Murali Natrajan: 
For what and what? 
Gaurav Jani: 
For retail term deposits and interbank deposits? 
Murali Natrajan: 
No, there are bulk deposits and retail deposits. That's the way the interest rate works. So -- and 
those are all items published in our website, and you can have a look at that. We probably are 
one of the banks which publishes all the rates, including bulk and everything in a very transparent 
manner. And I am looking at the deposit rates across this thing. Of course, each bank has to 
choose which is the bucket in which they want to have what is called, the peak rates versus the 
sweet spot. So we keep choosing that depending upon our asset profile. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prabal from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Prabal: 
Sir, my first question is on the PCR provision coverage ratio. So that has come down from 68% 
in March to 64% now. So how are you thinking about this ratio because our net slippages 
continue to be greater than 1%? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Our intention is to take it up to 70%, over time. But when I look at different categories of loans, 
where we see the recovery is taking time, first of all, okay let me just backtrack. Let us say, RBI 
has certain IRAC norms on what type of provision has to be done on secured, unsecured, etc. 
Our provision is ahead of the RBI norms and it has been like that for many, many years. So if 
they say x percent will be provided in a particular time, our provision would be higher than that. 
So our provision is always higher than what is required by RBI guidelines, and I'm very 
confident about that. That is point number one. 
Point number two, we also have something called a specific provision for certain assets. So 
wherever we see in terms of some large ticket, especially, let's say, corporate NPA and all, we 
see that the recovery efforts are taking time. We have an overlay of provision on that to make 
sure that we appropriately kind of represent our risk on that to our Board and our Audit 
committee. 
So as an example, corporate bank will have far higher coverage ratio for the NPA that is there 
up to INR  228 crores. Whereas in mortgages, we don't believe that we are going to lose money 
on mortgages or home loans. So even if our coverage is say, for example, 35% or 40%, we feel 
that it is far higher. It doesn't mean that we'll stop making provision of that. That aging provision 
will continue to happen in that. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
So let's say, till the time net slippages normalize and parallelly, if we try to raise our coverage 
to 70%, there could be a possibility that credit cost might overshoot 50, 60 basis point guidance 
that we typically use to? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I've never given 50, 60 basis points guideline. I don't know from where you are getting. Just now 
I gave a guideline where we think that it probably will be 35, 40 basis points. So I don't think, 
pre-COVID and post-COVID, my guidelines have been in the range of 40, 45 basis points only. 
So I don't think we have any 50, 60 basis points. Even pre-COVID barring maybe some 
aberration in commercial vehicle and all, I don't think we've had any issues on that. That is point 
one. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Point two is please also look at Page number 29, okay? So for restructured advances, we have a 
separate provision of about INR 194 crores. There is another contingency provision of another 
INR43 crores, right. So that INR 43 crores, for example, is not counted in net NPA. It's a 
contingency provision that is there, while floating provision is counted in. So I think our 
provision coverage, obviously can be better, but I think we are very strongly provided at this 
point in time. And Prabal your question is, why it may not exceed this because our recoveries 
and upgrade also, we expect it to improve. If you don't recover an upgrade, then obviously, the 
credit costs will go up. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is that our agri and inclusive banking seems to be growing 
at a faster clip, 30%, 31% Y-o-Y growth. So is this going to be the focus area going forward as 
well? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Agri inclusive banking has been a focus area for us. If you look at our strategy document and 
what we have been mentioning, retail, SME, MSME and agri inclusive banking has been our 
focus area for past many years. Corporate has not been something that we wanted to grow, but 
we keep it only for liquidity reasons. And there are multiple products in agri inclusive banking, 
like KCC, tractors, mortgages, MFI and so on. We have separate teams working on each of this. 
And given that we have almost 190-odd branches in AIB, we believe that we should do very 
well in AIB. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
And the yields on the AIB portfolio is it better compared to, let's say, overall edge of... 
Murali Natrajan: 
It depends on product to product. In certain cases, the yields are also higher and even credit cost 
could be higher. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Understood. Sir, you mentioned that to improve our yields, or we might start focusing more on 
business loans. So is this the lap,, loan against property that you were speaking about? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes. So we started this journey with the loan against the property, which we call as business 
loan, many, many years ago. We used to be at -- almost 85% of our business used to be in the 
LAP 10%, 15%. Towards end of 2019 and early 2020, given the market conditions, we changed 
some mix. And what we are seeing is now that we have much more, what is it called, data points 
and the thing post-COVID, we want to kind of focus a little bit more on BL, which will add a 
few more basis points to over yield and NIM, that's our intention. And we know this business 
backward. So shifting some of the capacities or adding some of the capacities into business loans 
is not something that we would have difficulty in doing. 
Prabal Gandhi: 
Okay. So let's say within mortgages, the share of LAP could increase compared to home loans 
because now we are more comfortable on this businesses? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes, in a step-by-step manner. Like over a period of next one year or so, we will keep increasing 
the share of it, so that we get better yield. Nothing wrong with the home loan and it also comes 
at a lower risk weight. But we would -- now that we have a stronger understanding of post-
COVID issues and all, so we are kind of shifting some focus into loan against property. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manish Agarwalla from PhillipCapital. Please 
go ahead. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
I have a question about the quarterly repayment rate. So if I do a back-of-the-envelope 
calculations, your quarterly the repayment rates have been coming down despite the fact that a 
lot of loans have come out of the moratorium. What can be the reason around this? 
Murali Natrajan: 
What is quarterly repayment rate? 
Manish Agarwalla: 
So if I give you the disbursement number and give the loan number, so if I just turn to a reverse 
calculation to see what is the quarterly repayments, so it to be, say, 10%, 11% every quarter. 
And right now, that number has come down to 7.5%? 
Murali Natrajan: 
No. First of all, I'm not sure what that number indicates or something because we have a full 
handle on the repayment of each and everything. And you can see our collection efficiency has 
been pretty good. So I don't think we have any quarterly repayment issues. But let me put it this 
way. If you are building a portfolio of installment loans, which is what most of our loans are in 
mortgages, which is what it is. 
 
What happens then is when the new loan proportion keeps increasing, you should expect smaller 
repayment in the early stage for term of loans, because that is how it would be. So I don't see 
any major issue with our quarterly repayment and we are confident that the kind of capacities 
and the disbursal target that we are pursuing, which we able to pursue 20% kind of growth rate. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Sir, I got your point. The point I was trying to understand that is as a strategy, are we 
renegotiating the rate in order to stop balance transfers? 
Murali Natrajan: 
There is a separate team and I haven't seen any major problems in our monthly pre-closures. The 
pre-closures are in similar range as it was in last quarter or previous quarter. Usually, pre-closure 
rate increase in a declining-rate environment. We have not seen pre-closure out of our ordinary 
kind of whatever modelling that we have done. So we don't have any concern on that. 
But having said that, the mortgage team has a separate team which discusses with the customer. 
And it's actually been done without causing any pain to the customer because we don't want 
them to complain to ombudsmen and think that we are trying to hold back their loan and so on 
and so forth. They very trained kind of frontline people who try to understand what are the 
reasons that they are going. And we have some model by which they decide what kind of price 
break that has to be given to the customer for retaining the customer. That activity has been 
going on for quite some time, and it's a separate team that works on it. In our call center, and I 
don't know, Praveen, where else they have -- the call center -- call centers, yes. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Okay. So there was one more related to this. As we pass the rates in, are we increasing just a 
tenure significantly or how it is working? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Up to a point, it's always a tenure increase. In some rare outliers and all, we may increase the 
installment. But generally, in mortgage business, since I've been part of for the last several, 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
several years, you just simply increase that tenure. And where the interest rate comes down, the 
tenure comes down, simple. 
Manish Agarwalla: 
Got it. And finally, sir, your thoughts on CV and microfinance. So when do we expect the CV 
business start growing again? And there has been some you know? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Microfinance, we have signed up a couple of more BC partners. And unfortunately, some of our 
BC partners got acquired by some banks and so on. So therefore, we suddenly were without 
some BC partner, but we have kind of rebuilt that BC partner. And we are looking for more 
high-quality BC business associates. 
So that is all in process. So I think in the coming months, we should do better than how we have 
done in the last few months on this thing. And as far as CV is concerned, we feel that we'll count 
just to cross sell to our existing customers on CV and concentrate more on business loan and 
home loan, which we seem to be having a pretty decent understanding and handle. And we 
expect that to contribute almost 60% in the coming years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of M.B. Mahesh from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Just one clarification on the Slide 35, other income line. You can see one line of -- line item on 
the fee income line, which has gone up on the commission exchange. There is a corresponding 
drop in others? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Page 35? 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Yes, this is not -- the breakup of the noninterest income. Can see commission exchange and 
brokerages have gone up? 
Murali Natrajan: 
So it is 97 versus 77. 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Great. But the overall non interest income is unchanged? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Just hold on for a second. Okay. We have to come back to you on that. There is some reclass, 
but nothing -- you are looking at this 75 versus 97, you are saying, no? 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Correct. The total noninterest income is 107. Commission has done exceptionally well, but 
others has not done. So just trying to explain what explains that? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Okay. Mahesh, I'll come back to you. I think it has got to do with the changes in the IRDA 
regulations, right? Yes. In terms of how they... 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Usually, that line item will have recovery from written off? 
Murali Natrajan: 
No, we don't have any -- written off recoveries have been miniscule for us. I don't think this 
quarter, they have had any major recoveries on that. I don't think that is an item. But I think some 
IRDA regulation change is what is reflecting some part of it here. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
M.B. Mahesh: 
Okay. That explains a big drop in the, I mean the Q-o-Q change that seems to be on a line item, 
which is of an aberration here in this quarter? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Yes. So that is basically something to do with the IRDA regulation. I don't think there is anything 
else on that. The actual amount of business that we are doing on third party also has gathered 
steam and we are hoping that we will build further momentum on this because we are really 
putting in a lot of effort from the corporate office to train and get everyone to focus on the 
products that we are distributing for two or three of these companies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
Darshil: 
Yes. So just I think most of my questions have been answered. Just wanted to know that our 
outlook that you mentioned in the presentation of ROA 1%, that we would target to move it by 
what time period? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Okay. So what we know from whatever we have been able to achieve post-COVID is 85 basis 
point, 90 basis points and 11.5% to 11.75% is consistently possible in that. Now unfortunately, 
last quarter and the year has started, we have had some cost of fund increase and some of it is 
still to be passed on to the customer based on the portfolio profile, which I explained, right? So 
that all should -- hopefully, in the next couple of quarters, we should be able to do that. 
The way we are thinking about it is that keep growing at, at least, 20% per annum, and we know 
that the kind of capacity that we have built, we should be able to achieve that perhaps more, but 
at least 20% is something in the core products that we are concentrating on without messing 
around with any of the liquidity profile and so on. 
The other focus is, I know difficult times on CASA, but we are thinking that, this is a time when 
we have to put more effort on CASA to help not let the cost of fund go out of control. So that is 
the second point. Third is, we believe that our credit cost is actually improving from whatever 
previous projection that we have said based on our understanding of the portfolio. 
And we think that recoveries upgrade should continue to pick up pace. So all in all, most of the 
parameters and cost to average assets also steadily come down. All in all, all the parameters are 
moving in the right direction. And we want to target at least in the next three quarters to four 
quarters of consistently delivering 1% and 14%. And this is a plan that we have. And I also 
mentioned to you about some of the product mix change that we are hoping to do, which is 
already started. 
Darshil: 
Okay, sir. And, sir, clarification for 20% growth, you mean in our loans, right, sir? 
Murali Natrajan: 
We believe the capacity that we have created, we should be able to achieve it. Our intention is 
to double it in the three years to 3.5 years, and we seem to be on track so far. 
Darshil: 
Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rakesh Kumar from B&K Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Yes. Thank you, sir. So just one question with respect to the provisions that we are holding on 
the NPA and non-NPA book, that number as a proportion has been coming down. So just to 
understand that is it that like sort of comfort that we are deriving from the nature of the 
characteristics of the loans? Or there is any other reason that we are... 
Murali Natrajan: 
Main reason is when an account moves from restructured to NPA, the provision also moves with 
that. And we have recovery and upgrades, you don't need to keep that provision. We have to 
make provision only for the newer NPAs, right? 
From a coverage point of view, I also mentioned that over time, we're going to take it up to 70%. 
And in that -- at the moment, even that INR 43 crores that we have separate as a contingency 
provision is not considered. So -- and I also mentioned to you that from a provision point of 
view, we are -- our provision policy is ahead of the minimum IRAC norm that's prescribed by 
RBI. So from a provision point of view, I don't have any concern on our portfolio. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Understood, sir. But just from a modelling perspective, just to see that what provision that we 
hold at the end of, say, '24 or '25. So this provision, is it like for non-NPA provision for the 
performing advances, which is 140 bps now. So where should this number go to? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I can't predict that for you. These are all the provisions that created, if you remember during 
COVID times. And during those times, the whole focus was on strengthening your provision 
because it was not very easy to predict how things are going to be moving. 
Now we have a lot more -- I know, there are still uncertainties and all. But COVID type of big 
challenges is not there. So therefore, these provisions will continue to come down. And -- but 
we'll continue to make provision on the NPA portfolio or any other portfolio which we think 
could be in stress. 
Rakesh Kumar: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saikiran Pulavarthi, who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
Hi, sir. Just one question. Sir, just one question from my side. I think, you will be completing 15 
years pretty soon. If you have to look back in the journey, how do you -- what I can say, evaluate 
what has gone right? What has gone wrong? Or probably where you are leading this bank, how 
do you look at this in terms of the platform for someone to come and take it over. Just your 
thoughts that will be really helpful, sir? Thank you 
Murali Natrajan: 
Why don't you call me separately and we can discuss, because I'm not sure this is a forum where 
we can. And if I share my personal views, and I don't believe that it will be appropriate for this 
audience... 
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
It's nothing personal, sir, but just as a CEO of the bank because you would have certain thoughts 
and everything, right? So this thought of checking on that, if you're comfortable, that's it? 
Murali Natrajan: 
No, I'm comfortable, but on a one-on-one basis as opposed to be in a group. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Saikiran Pulavarthi: 
Got it, sir. And one more question, sir, if I have to see since last two years, you had significantly 
added capacity in terms of the number of employees and the branches. How do you evaluate the 
productivity of these employees? And how -- whether some more productivity is expected going 
forward, sir? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Praveen, would you like to answer it? Praveen is a person who adds a lot of capacity, so he is 
the best person to answer this. 
Praveen Kutty: 
Hi, Sai, good to hear from you. So let me tell you what we're doing is two, three things. At a 
very broad level, there is the feet-on-street led productivity increase that we're doing. At a 
partnership level, we are increasing the footprint, which allows us to get the desired assets at the 
rate required through affiliates and partnerships, both on the deposit front as well as on the loans 
front. And the third leg, slow but emerging is the digital do-it-yourself leg. So three levels to 
which we are adding on to our top line and also the income. 
On the feet-on-street, we have mentorship program where we ensure that early success is got by 
our employees because that's a very, very good indicator which will arrest attrition. The single 
biggest problem that we have with new hires, feet-on-street, etc, they are extremely mobile and 
they get job at a drop of a hat and they keep hopping around all the time. 
So the best way to arrest that is to ensure that they become successful early in their career. 
Otherwise, it becomes a revolving door. Are we successful at it? We can be better at that, but 
we are much better than what we were before. 
So there is progress happening on that front. We are -- while on the productivity front, we are 
also seeing improvement in terms of partnerships. I'll give you two examples very quickly. One 
is on co-lending, which we do on the asset side. And the other is where we do partnerships with, 
let's say, Niyo, for example, it's basically use your card abroad proposition through which we -- 
thought partnership which we get underlying savings account. So that's how we are looking at 
productivity clearly. 
To sum it up, feet-on-street improvement, more partnerships, more judicious partnerships and 
thereby digital proportion. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Most of my questions are answered. Sir, just one data-
keeping question on the provisions breakup for the current quarter, if you could just help with 
that? 
Murali Natrajan: 
He asked about provision breakup wise? Hold on a second... 
Ravi Kumar: 
Hi Chintan, the provision breakdown is -- the NPA provision is about INR 25 crores. The 
standard provision is INR 7 crores. We have floating of INR 4 crores and the other is about INR 
3.7 crores. So that totals up to about INR 39.7 crores for the quarter. 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure. And sir, just one on the opex same quarter, we have been saying that on the branch, we 
have significantly added our maintained -- build the capacity and now with the time for 
expansion. So going ahead, any ballpark number on what kind of expansion would be seeing in 
the -- so kind of the branch expansion in the branch and headcount would be relatively quite 
slower as compared to the loan growth, is that a fair assumption to make? 
Murali Natrajan: 
I've said this even in the past. For the market opportunity that we see and for the kind of 
understanding that we have of this segment and also the fact that we have so many years of 
experience on this, if we had more headroom in our cost to income ratio, we would add a lot 
more people because that is the kind of expansion we have. 
But we have to pace it out because on a near-term basis, also, you can't sacrifice too much of 
operating profit and so on. So this opportunity is there to add a lot of frontline employees. And 
like Praveen mentioned, because of attrition, we also have to be -- make sure that we don't lose 
capacity and keep adding resources. 
So I don't think we are going to slow down adding our number of employees on a year-on-year 
basis. Of course, as we have cross play, for example, 10,000, if we add 1,000 that will look like 
at 10%. But when if we add 6,000, we had 10,000, it will be like a 16,000. So from a percentage 
point of view, it will keep coming down. But we'll keep steadily adding frontline in order for us 
to continue this growth momentum. 
However, cost to average asset, we expect step-by-step to come down because of growth and 
productivity. In terms of branches, I don't think we will add more than 25, 30 branches per year. 
I think we are quite happy with that addition. 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. Sure. Thank you for that. And sir, just one last thing on the margins part again. So sir, as 
we have -- as you told most of the SA, which comes is in the lower pricing band and the rates 
which we have increased beside that there won't be much rise in the SA cost. So if you could 
just share the number of blended cost of SA. If possible, if you would just share say that number 
for this quarter and the past -- previous quarter as well, if you could help with that? 
Murali Natrajan: 
Which number are you talking about? I'm not getting it. 
Praveen Kutty: 
Savings account blended cost... 
Chintan Shah: 
Overall cost of saving account, blended cost of saving account? 
Murali Natrajan: 
We don't present that number. We are giving you the cost of deposit, which all includes. But the 
reason why we pursue savings accounts, so although success have been a little low because of 
the market condition is because it is much more beneficial for us to pursue savings account than 
term deposits, despite the various bands of cost because most of it comes from the lower band 
of deposits, lower band of average balance. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. And sir, just one last thing to your follow-up on this. So if you could just help with any 
broad margin guidance on this and so where should we expect the margins to settle and... 

 
 
DCB Bank Limited
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Murali Natrajan: 
Our business model is at 365 to 375 basis points. But there are near-term challenges, which I 
mentioned at the start. And then, there is a balance of portfolio that needs to get re-priced over 
a period of time in the contracted time frame, which is starting to build up, which will help 
improve the margin, but some of it will get taken over by cost of fund. What we believe is that 
over the next quarters, we still have to deal with this cost of fund, which is coming through re-
pricing, renewals and so on. But post which volume growth should give us the full benefit of 
interest income growth is what our thought process is. 
Chintan Shah: 
Sure, sir. This is very helpful. Thank you for answering all my question. Yes, thanks. 
Murali Natrajan: 
Okay. Thanks very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back 
to the management team for closing comments. 
Murali Natrajan: 
Thank you very much for dialing-in. I look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DCB Bank Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
