 
 
 
 
RL/SE/23-24/186 
 
November 17, 2023 
 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001                                            
Scrip Code: 500330 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on November 9, 2023, with respect to the 
financial results of Raymond Limited for the second quarter and half year ended  
September 30, 2023. 
 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
 
 
 
 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI 
DARJI
Digitally signed by 
RAKESH MULJIBHAI 
DARJI 
Date: 2023.11.17 
22:58:17 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited Q2 FY-24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
                                                  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. L. POKHARNA – DIRECTOR, RAYMOND LIMITED 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CFO 
MR. SUNIL KATARIA – CEO, LIFESTYLE BUSINESS 
MR. HARMOHAN SAHANI – CEO, REALTY BUSINESS 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD, CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
MR. J. MUKUND – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRIYANKA TRIVEDI – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
LIMITED 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of Raymond 
Limited hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Trivedi. Thank you and over to you ma’am. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the participants in 
the earnings call of Raymond Limited. I have with me Mr. J. Mukund who is the Head of Investor 
Relations of Raymond Limited. 
Without taking further time, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Mukund. Over to you 
Mukund.  
J. Mukund: 
Thank you, Priyanka. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for our Q2 FY24 
earnings call for Raymond. I hope you have received a copy of our results presentation. I would 
like to urge you to go through this along with the disclaimer slides.  
Today we have with us from Senior Management of Raymond Mr. S. L. Pokharna; who is 
Director of Raymond Limited, Mr. Amit Agarwal – Group CFO, Mr. Sunil Kataria – CEO of 
Lifestyle Business, Mr. Harmohan Sahani – CEO of Realty Business and Mr. Jatin Khanna – 
Head Corporate Development.  
Now I would like to hand over the call to a Group CFO, Amit, who will give you the summary 
of the Company’s quarterly performance before we open up for Q&A. Over to you Amit.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mukund. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today for the earnings 
call to discuss the results of the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24. 
Let me start with a brief overview of the market for the quarter. The quarter witnessed subdued 
consumer demand and seasonality. The discretionary spending was impacted primarily due to 
inflationary pressures and continued higher commodity prices. Additionally, this calendar year 
also had Adhik maas which pushed the festival ceremonies and weddings towards the end of the 
year. With Pitrupaksh period concluding in the middle of October, all festivals have been 
delayed, especially weddings have been pushed to late November onwards.  
Now let us delve into the consolidated financial results for the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24. At the 
inflection point of its transformation journey, Raymond continues to attest its growth momentum 
with strong quarter-on-quarter performance and 2nd Quarter Fiscal ‘24 was the 9th consecutive 
quarter that reported highest ever performance, both in terms of revenue and EBITDA despite 
being in quarter impacted because of subdued consumer demand. Raymond reported revenue of 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
₹ 2,321 crores in the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal ‘24 with a growth of 27% on quarter-on-quarter basis 
as compared to ₹ 1,826 crores in the first quarter Fiscal ‘24 and by 6% on year-on-year basis 
over ₹ 2,191 crores in the 2nd Quarter of fiscal 2023. This year-on-year growth was driven by 
our branded apparel and garmenting segment and well supported by the branded textile segment.  
At the EBITDA level. we recorded the highest ever quarterly EBITDA of ₹ 382 crores with a 
healthy EBITDA margin of 16.5% in the 2nd Quarter fiscal 2024 with a growth of 52% on 
quarter and quarter basis as compared to ₹ 252 crores in the first quarter of Fiscal ‘24 and by 7% 
on year-on-year basis over ₹ 358 crores in the 2nd Quarter of fiscal 2023. Also, during the 
quarter, the company recorded a cost of about ₹ 4 crores during the quarter and recorded an 
equivalent liability under the share options outstanding account in other equities. This is 
according to the Raymond ESOP Scheme 2023 granted in the first quarter of the current fiscal. 
Excluding the ESOP cost of ₹ 3.9 crores, the EBITDA would have been higher to the tune of ₹ 
386 crores with an EBITDA margin of 16.6%. During the quarter the company also recorded an 
exceptional item of ₹ 23 crores relating to the Voluntary Retirement Scheme in our engineering 
business. Post this exceptional item, we reported net profit of ₹ 160 crores during the quarter 
compared to ₹ 159 crores in the 2nd Quarter in the previous year. Excluding this exceptional 
item, the net profit would have been ₹ 177 crores, which is 11% growth over the 2nd Quarter of 
the previous year.  
Now let me discuss the segmental performance for the 2nd Quarter of fiscal 2024; the branded 
textile segment reported a steady top line of ₹ 933 crores in the 2nd Quarter, a small growth of 
over ₹ 912 crores in the 2nd Quarter of last fiscal year. The EBITDA margin continued to be 
healthy at 22% which is marginally lower compared to 22.3% in the 2nd Quarter last year. Here, 
I would like to point out that despite being a slow quarter with market witnessing lower offtake 
due to delayed festivals and wedding dates and Hindu Calendar also had Adhik maas(additional 
month) this year in the suiting business we were able to garner some traction in the wool blended 
category by expanding the product portfolio across multiple sales channels. However, the B2C 
shirting business witnessed stable top line at the backdrop of new launches in the cotton blend 
category with growth driven in the multi-brand outlets channel.  
Now let me talk about the branded apparel segment; the branded apparel segment showed a very 
healthy sales growth of 18% to ₹ 437 crores as compared to ₹ 370 crores during the 2nd Quarter 
of the previous year. There are a couple of reasons for this growth. One, is our distinct product 
offerings with a new collection for the season that includes vast range of casual wear and 
increased premiumization. Second, our focused approach of increasing our footprint and reach 
of our apparel brands. We have rolled out about 100 stores in the first half of the year across 
metro Tier-I to Tier-IV towns in pan India basically. Additionally, we have also increased 
number of doors in the multi-banded outlets and large format stores. The growth was witnessed 
across all brands with Park Avenue, Color Plus, Raymond Ready to Wear leading the front and 
well supported by Parx and Ethnix by Raymond. The segment witnessed healthy EBITDA 
margin of 12.2% in 2nd Quarter Fiscal ‘24 as compared to 9.7% in the previous year. The 
improvement is mainly due to premiumization and operational efficiency.  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Now let us talk about the retail network; We continue to strengthen our retail footprint by 
opening 63 new stores during the quarter, with a focus to expand our chain of EBOs 40 branded 
outlets were added to our existing portfolios across all brands. Ethnix by Raymond being the 
majority with 17 new stores for the quarter taking it to a total of 92 stores for the brands as on 
30th September 2023. Also, during the quarter, we have closed 17 stores which is mainly a 
combination of relocation of stores and the closure of some part of EBOs as we are focusing on 
expanding the brand outreach through MBOs, LFS and online channel in line with our stated 
strategy. As on 30th September 2023 our retail store network stood at 1453 stores spread across 
600 towns and cities in India.  
Now let us talk about the garmenting segment, which we explained earlier that we are expanding 
our garmenting capacity by about one third in order to take the advantage of China Plus One 
adopted by the global brands. Also, this capacity augmentation is in line with Government of 
India's Make in India initiative. We continue to acquire new customers and we are getting 
increased size of order from our existing customers. Accordingly, our sales have consistently 
grown over the last 2 years and in line with the trend. During the quarter we reported ₹ 312 
crores which is a robust growth of 18% as compared to ₹ 266 crores in the previous year. As we 
supply to marquee global brands, product quality remains at the forefront as far as customer 
service is concerned. Therefore, we train our staff well to deliver the same and as we undertake 
the capacity augmentation, upskilling of our employees is an ongoing process leading to a 
buildup of cost. This resulted in the EBITDA margin for the quarter to be at 7.3%, a tad lower 
as compared to 8.7% in the previous year. In the high value cotton shirting segment, the top line 
was stable at ₹ 211 crores as compared to the sales in the previous year. In the current 
environment of subdued consumer sentiment, the demand was stable for our cotton and linen 
fabric offerings by our B2B customers in the domestic market. EBITDA margins for the quarter 
at 13.2% also maintained as well as compared to the same in the previous year.  
Now coming to the performance of the engineering business, which is consolidated under JK 
Files & Engineering Limited on an aggregate basis. The sales stood at ₹ 201 crores in 2nd 
Quarter as compared to ₹ 228 crores in the 2nd Quarter of last fiscal. The sales in the engineering 
consumer category continued to be impacted by the existing sluggish export markets. However, 
we continue to cater to the growing automotive segment both in India and export market. In line 
with our stated strategy of business expansion, market consolidation and overall margin 
improvement, we have acquired the business of Maini Precision which has a strong presence in 
the automotive segment and as well as into the sunrise sectors of aerospace, Defence and electric 
vehicle components. We will discuss the same later in my remarks. Despite the challenges in the 
engineering consumable sector, we were able to maintain the EBITDA margins at 12.7% for the 
quarter as compared to 12.8% in the previous year.  
Now let me talk about the real estate segment; in the 2nd Quarter we launched new projects in 
Thane of over million square feet with over ₹ 2,000 crores revenue potential. We received an 
overwhelming response from the customers and sold over 40% of the launch inventory in these 
projects during the quarter. Overall, the real estate business showed a stellar performance during 
the quarter and recorded a total booking value of over ₹ 650 crores in the 2nd Quarter of Fiscal 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
‘24 across all our projects which is double the booking value as compared to the 2nd Quarter of 
last fiscal. Also, I would like to highlight that we have sold more than 85% of the total units in 
the first two projects in Thane, namely Ten X Habitat and the Address by GS. We have around 
100 acres of land in Thane of which about 40 acres is under development with an estimated 
revenue of ₹ 9,000 crores. The balanced land of about 60 acres has a potential revenue of ₹ 
16,000 crores which can be developed over the next few years. Considering that the land in 
Thane is finite, we have taken a leap forward by expanding our presence beyond Thane in the 
MMR region and would now be developing three residential projects based on the Joint 
development route. Now the first project which you all know is in Bandra with a potential 
revenue in excess of ₹ 2,000 crores. Last week we announced the second project under the JDA 
route where Raymond Reality has been appointed as a developer for redevelopment of a 
prominent housing society located in Mahim West spread over across 3.6 acres. The project is 
estimated to have a revenue potential of more than ₹ 1,700 crores over the project period. Today 
we have also announced that Raymond Reality has been selected as a preferred developer for 
redevelopment of a prominent society located in Sion East Mumbai spread over 4.3 acres and 
we estimate a revenue potential from this about ₹ 1,400 crore during the project period. Put 
together, the revenue potential from these joint development projects in MMR outside of our 
Thane land is in excess of ₹ 5,000 crores.  
Now let me give an update on the construction status of all the projects; the construction 
momentum in all the 5 projects is going quite well and especially in the Ten X Habitat project 
first three towers have been delivered which is 2 years ahead of the RERA timeline in December 
2022. In Tower 4, lift installation is under progress, Tower 5 to 8, internal finishing is under 
progress and in Tower 8 and 9, 37th and 35th flats have been completed respectively, In the 
Address by GS project 18th and 10th flats have been completed respectively in Tower A and 
Tower B. In the Ten X Era project, the foundation has been completed for Tower B and plinth 
slab has been completed for Tower C. In the Address by GS Season 2 and Invictus by GS Project 
excavation is under progress. The business delivered a sales revenue of ₹ 243 crores which was 
marginally lower by 2% as compared to ₹ 247 crores in 2nd Quarter of fiscal ‘23. The revenue 
recognized during the quarter is not compatible with the previous quarter as we followed the 
percentage of completion method for revenue recognition which is based on the incremental 
percentage of completion of different towers in different projects. The EBITDA margin of 19.5% 
for the quarter as compared to 25.6% in the same quarter last year. The margins are lower due 
to initial launch costs of the new project the Address by GS Season 2 as well as the Invictus by 
GS.  
Now let me talk about the working capital and the cash flows: 
As explained earlier the festivities and winter weddings have been pushed towards the fag end 
of the calendar year due to Adhik maas. Given the fact that majority of the festivities and the 
weddings are in the second half of the financial year, inventory is made available across all 
channels in the 2nd Quarter in order to cater to the increasing demand in the second half of this 
fiscal year. Accordingly, the networking capital stood at ₹ 1,927 crores as on 30th September, 
2023 higher by ₹ 344 crores as compared to ₹ 1,583 crores as on 30th June, 2023 and higher by 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
₹ 435 crores as compared to ₹ 1,492 crores as on 30th September, 2022. In addition to the above 
seasonality and with the expansion of Ethnix by Raymond and other branded exclusive brand 
outlets, the inventory was higher during the quarter. As you are aware, we do primary sales over 
sales channel partners including wholesalers and franchise of our stores to cater to the festive 
season requirement post Pitrupaksh in early October resulted in increase in receivables. Also 
with two new real estate projects being launched during the quarter there has been an increase 
inventory due to construction costs as well as approval costs.  
Now regarding cash flows: 
Due to the increase in the net working capital for the quarter, our operating cash flows have been 
utilized to the tune of ₹ 53 crores. During the quarter we also incurred a CAPEX of ₹ 36 crores 
mainly in the ongoing capacity expansion in the garmenting and engineering business and 
maintenance CAPEX across our various plants in various businesses. With an increase in the net 
working capital and post CAPEX and interest cost related outflows, our free cash flow for the 
quarter was a net utilization of ₹ 171 crores.  
Now let me talk about the consolidated debt position: 
Our total gross debt stood at ₹ 2,851 crores which comprises of external gross debt of ₹ 1,151 
crores and NCD issued by Raymond Limited to Raymond Consumer Care Limited of ₹ 1,700 
crores. We continue to maintain liquidity with cash and cash equivalent of ₹ 1,712 crores as on 
30th September, 2023. I wanted to highlight that the issuance of ₹ 1,700 crores NCD by Raymond 
Limited to RCCL is a temporary arrangement which will be netted off at the completion of the 
demerger. The demerger will result in two independent net debt free pure play listed entities for 
B2C focused lifestyle business and real estate business with significant liquidity surplus at the 
group level to spur future growth. The interest cost in the quarter is ₹ 89 crores which is higher 
by ₹ 26 crores on year-on-year basis as compared to ₹ 63 crores in the same quarter last year. 
The interest cost has increased on account of the following that there is an interest cost of 38 
crores on the NCD issued to RCCL which will be netted off at the completion of the demerger 
as the effective date of demerger is 1st April 2023. Higher interest on lease liabilities on account 
of the increase in the stores which are open has been taken on a rental basis.  
Now let me discuss the current status of the operations and outlook: 
As stated a few times earlier the onset of activity festivities and weddings are delayed this 
calendar year we are leading to limited secondary sales. However, from the third week of 
October we witnessed a progressive uptick in consumer demand driven by festive celebrations 
and the start of the wedding season. We expect the momentum to maintain with the winter 
wedding season which has started from November till February-March. In line with our stated 
guidance, we are on track to expand our retail footprint and we'll be adding almost 200 stores in 
the next 12 to 18 months and we'll follow the asset-light franchise model. This will be driven by 
large store network expansion for Ethnix by Raymond to cater to fast growing ethnic wear 
markets.  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
In the garmenting segment export lever continues to be China Plus One strategy and we are 
focusing on building new strategic customer relationships and gearing up for the increasing 
demand with the capacity expansion which is well under progress. In terms of our raw material 
prices while the wool, cotton and poly viscose continue to remain stable. However, prices of 
linen flax seeds have also been on an increasing trend. In the real estate sector, the strong 
consumer response to our recently launched premium residential project, the address by GS 
Season 2 and Invictus by GS has been overwhelming in the current quarter as well and we are 
witnessing strong booking momentum in our Thane project. In our Bandra redevelopment 
project the initial work demolition of the existing building has been initiated and we'll be 
launching the project in due course of time.  
In the engineering business as we announced last week, we have forayed into the sunrise sectors 
of Aerospace, Defence, EV components through acquisition of business of Maini Precision 
Products Limited. This acquisition of Maini Precision aligns seamlessly with our business 
strategy of business expansion, market consolidation and overall margin improvement. As far 
as the business expansion is concerned with a strong foothold in aerospace component 
manufacturing since 2004 MPPL has integrated three sub verticals Aerospace Engines, Aircraft 
Systems, Aerostructures. The extensive experience position MPPL to supply the aerospace 
industry leveraging long standing relationship with international customers and furthermore 
MPPL has forayed into defense programs spanning across land, airborne and naval platforms to 
collaborate with major Defence players in the US, Europe, and Israel. With the acquisition we 
will be complementing customers to scale up the auto component business. Together, we will 
be catering to global top auto OEMs in multiple geographies. We will leverage our existing 
relationships to sell MPPL products by enhancing our product portfolio and utilize MPP existing 
global customer base to sell our existing products of JK Files & Engineering Group. Margin 
improvement: This Consolidation would help in deriving synergies and operational 
efficiencies. We will be building operational efficiencies across manufacturing, supply chain 
process, sourcing, product development and other operating cost synergies to supplement 
revenue and earnings growth for both the businesses. Along with the above strategy we have an 
experienced and focused strong management team in place. MPPL founder Mr. Gautam Maini 
with his entrepreneurial mindset will be leading the consolidated engineering business, driving 
growth and create larger value for the overall engineering business. With this acquisition 
Raymond Engineering Business will emerge as a large-scale provider of engineering, 
automotive, EV, aerospace and Defence components distinctly positioned to target high growth 
precision engineering segments with a significant presence across domestic as well as 
international markets. Raymond Group has always believed in Make in India initiative and this 
acquisition will also provide an impetus to the China plus One strategy that has been benefiting 
us.  
Let me provide an update on the demerger of the lifestyle business: 
Currently it is in the approval stage with the regulatory authorities, with SEBI, and we expect 
the process to complete in the first quarter of next financial year. To conclude I would like to 
reiterate that Raymond Group will continue to have three distinct vectors of profitable growth 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
that will create shareholder value for each of the businesses. To achieve this, we have taken 
affirmative steps in the form of selling the FMCG business, demerging the lifestyle business and 
shaping the scalable real estate business and consolidation of engineering business. With strong 
free cash flow and no major CAPEX requirement Raymond Group will remain net cash positive 
post the transaction. 
Now we would like to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you very much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking.  
Priyanka Trivedi: 
My first question is on our branded textiles business. The growth of 2% that we have seen, what 
has been the volume led growth and what has been the realization growth in this segment? 
Sunil Kataria:  
I think we have seen a good healthy mix in a suiting business of polywool fabrics which have 
done pretty well. So, in the suiting business we have seen a healthy positive volume growth led 
by the poly wool fabric and in the case of a certain B2C business we have seen a flattish volume 
growth in line with the market. So overall I think if you see our EBITDA margins are pretty 
healthy. And one of the reasons is that our mix has improved a lot with a lot large volume growth 
being driven by polywool fabric.  
Priyanka Trivedi: 
And if you have to look at our first half performance in the textile business, we have grown at 
almost the 4% level. So, what is the yearly guidance for the textile business in terms of the 
growth?  
Amit Agarwal: 
First of all, we are not going to give specific guidance but as we have demonstrated the sum of 
the growth sector which you see very consistently delivered in the quarter is clearly the branded 
apparel segment which witnessed 18% growth. Second is the garmenting. Again, we are putting 
₹ 200 crores of CAPEX in this segment in order to expand the capacity by almost one third. I 
think these two segments we are very bullish that these two segments will give a significant 
growth. And overall, as we have always talked about, that it is not just a question of one quarter 
or the other quarter. Over a 5-year period what we are seeing is in terms of revenue growth to 
the tune of early teens and in terms of the profitability, we are seeing mid-teens growth across 
the 5-year period in the lifestyle business. 
Priyanka Trivedi:  
My third question highlighted that the linen prices have been increasing. So, what would be the 
impact in terms of the margins and our B2B shirting business, any guidance on that front?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, we have been very fortunate in terms of because of our brand presence and the quality 
of fabric which we make is like very high nature. Therefore, we have been consistently being 
able to pass on the cost increases, especially on the raw material side. The last 2-2.5 years we 
have witnessed the cotton price increase from a ₹ 32,000 candy, it went to almost ₹ 85,000-
90,000 a candy. But we have been able to contain and deliver consistently the margins because 
of the reason that we could pass on the raw material increases to the customer.  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Lastly my question is on profitability in our JDA business versus our own land projects in the 
real estate business and post that I'll come back in queue.  
Harmohan Sahani: 
The profitability on our own land has been quite stable. If you look at our gross margins and the 
EBITDA margins that we have, it has ranged between 23%-25% depending on which quarter 
we are in and how because we follow percentage completion. So, it goes 1% or 2% here and 
there in terms of consistency. As far as the JDA model is concerned, JDA model also will give 
similar profitability in the range it will be in early 20s. From deal to deal it can be different, but 
it will be a similar range.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Pratap Singh from ICICI Securities.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
My first question is on branded apparel segment wherein we have seen a very strong growth 
number. If we compare it with other companies, the number appears very healthy and strong. 
Just wanted to understand that what would be the same store sales growth SSG number into this 
segment if you wish to call out that? 
Sunil Kataria: 
I think same store growth would be in mid-single digits. It's in that range, I think, which again 
if you see the trend which we have seen of the industry in the 2nd Quarter has been mostly 
negative to flat. So, we have outperformed the industry also in the same store like-to-like growth 
also. And the two factors which have really contributed to strong apparel growth is one is, we 
have kept the focus in terms of our casualization journey, that has happened across most of our 
brands. So, that has started to help us in some of these growths. Second, obviously our 
distribution outreach where we are actually taking a very aggressive go to market approach in 
EBOs as well as expanding our large format store and MBO footprint.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
My second question is on Ethnix, now that we are close to 92 odd stores which is quite a healthy 
number, if you want to highlight the health of the business with regards to SSG, revenue 
performance. So, anything in this segment of Ethnix? 
Sunil Kataria: 
So, I think Varun as you have seen that we have ramped up these stores between January to 
really October till now. And this is a period when really the wedding season has been very lean 
and what we are seeing is that it's a good thing that we have now got a reasonable threshold level 
of stores. The season has just begun around 20 days back. And I think these 20 days are telling 
us some very healthy signs that the way our sales per square feet is ramping up, it's a very 
progressive phase. But I can tell you we'll be in much better shape maybe around 6 months down 
the line to really give some indication on the health of the business. But what we are seeing three 
things which have really giving us good thing is that our product assortment is getting very 
strong reviews across consumers. So, we think we have been able to map up a very clear 
positioning in terms of high-quality products at very good pricing. Secondly, our store feel, look, 
experience that I think has also worked very well with consumers. Now the third thing which is 
really happening is we are seeing the business scaling up as soon as the season has come up. 
You know that this business is very heavily linked to festive and wedding business. I think this 
is the season which is really the first season for us in that sense.  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Varun Pratap Singh: 
In the lifestyle business, like if we break down our performance in terms of geography how 
would we compare revenue growth in Tier-I and II compared to Tier-III and IV cities?  
Sunil Kataria: 
Which segment are you talking of within lifestyle? 
Varun Pratap Singh:  
Branded apparels.  
Sunil Kataria: 
If you see, our presence in Tier-IV and V and VI is primarily through TRS, The Raymond Stores 
and we are focusing through our EBO route and primarily Tier-I and II. So that's a very clear 
demarcation of our strategy because we have a very large footprint already of (+1000) Raymond 
Stores which span across some (+650) cities in the country anyway. So, if I see that 
differentiation, I think we are clearly seeing that Tier-I and II have performed well which is in 
line with a little bit of K-curve which we have seen across the country. I think that's spanning 
out across Tier-I-II have done well. It's not that Tier-IV or V are bad, but I think there's clearly 
a difference between the two segments that we’ll address and now what we expect is, a lot of 
our Raymond Stores also are dependent on heavily skewed towards wedding season because 
that's the time the gifting takes a very large play. And we know that Raymond is part of almost—
I mean you can't have a wedding complete without Raymond—it’s almost like a jewelry kind of 
thing. I think we expect this curve to flatten out a little bit more for us and we'll see growth 
happening more uniformly across clusters. That's what the hope is here.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Aliasgar from Motilal Oswal.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
First question is on brand apparel. You did mention a few points on ethnic wear. But would you 
be able to just tell me the kind of growth you have seen in brand apparel, how much of that 
would be contributed from ethnic wear and if I adjust that what would be the growth in rest of 
the brands?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Ali, the branded apparel what we reported the number for the 2nd Quarter is the revenue. 
Revenue in the 2nd Quarter from Ethnix cannot be meaningful because we had no weddings, no 
festivity, Diwali-Dussehra is not there. What happens, everything what we have done is, we have 
put the stores, created the stores and make available for the customer. What I can tell you is that 
the Puja and the Diwali sales which have been seen and which is not the expensive Sherwanis 
and such things, in the kurta and all we have seen that our product is liked by everyone so much. 
The sales what has been seen in the last 10 days is good, compared better than what we had even 
expected. I think the true testimony of our wedding collection will be seen from now till the end 
of December and then furthermore from February till May and all. So as Sunil pointed out that 
truly how our Ethnix has performed, not performed will come to know in 6 months from now. 
Then we know exactly because so far everybody likes our collection but now next important is 
that the customer has to walk in, buy our product because the suit in any case is going to buy 
from us because that is a natural destination for him for any wedding. This is an extension we 
feel and there is a significant belief with our franchisees and our trade partners that this could 
also do well.  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Sunil Kataria:  
We have also in line with the fact that now we have a pretty healthy threshold level of stores, 
given this wedding season we have also upped our investments behind Ethnix. We clearly 
believe that it's a strong strategic opportunity for us and we'll continue to build awareness for 
this brand.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Correct, so I understand and in fact that was my point that if our H1 has done somewhere about 
close to 17% growth certainly 3Q, 4Q one because of the festive shift and second because ethnic 
wear we have in the last 1 year added more. 
Sunil Kataria:  
I think we just pointed out that in Quarter 2 Ethnix is pretty much not meaningful.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Correct. And that in the last 1 year you have added a very sizable number of stores, so both 
contributions should drive H2, so H2 should be meaningfully higher than what we have seen in 
H1 in terms of the growth for branded apparel, right?  
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, that's absolutely the plan.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
Second on the margin front for branded apparel. Now I just want to understand the trajectory 
from two points of view. One is that I understand raw material prices have softened. So how 
have we managed it? Have we passed it on, are we retaining some given that we had taken very 
sharp price increases when the raw material prices were going up? And secondly given the fact 
that you will be now in a heavy festive season and as you mentioned that marketing costs will 
be aggressive, so how will you manage both and what is the kind of margin trajectory we should 
see for the apparel business in probably next couple of quarters and beyond?  
Amit Agarwal: 
I think we have discussed that our apparel margin is question of achieving a certain scale because 
the operating leverage kicks in. As you continue to open the stores which we talked to you, in 
the next 3 to 5 years, we are opening almost 500 stores. So, every time you open a store there is 
a small investment, maybe not so much direct investment, but advertisement is there to bring the 
products and the customer to come in. It takes a while. The second thing as we want to expand 
the apparel category, Ethnix category in a very dramatic manner these categories require a 
significant amount of advertisement. As you would watch over the next few days starting, that 
we will come back with a very strong ad campaign, and we are going to invest behind the ad 
campaigns across the four apparel brands plus Ethnix by Raymond in the next 3 years in order 
to create a sizable because this is an investment. In the plant and machinery, you do CAPEX, in 
the branded business, I think the investment is by creating the brand and putting the 
advertisement and market outreach. That is why you would see that our margins would stay 
around a similar level, anything between 10% to 12% you would be seeing for the coming 
quarters to see. Then over the next 4 years, we have always spoken that over the 4 years we 
should get to 14%-15% of apparel margin.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And what about the raw material price softening? How are we playing that? Have we fully passed 
it on and has that played out in the existing inventory?  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Amit Agarwal: 
The price softening as I said it is such a thing that we have been able to negotiate. We start 
making combinations, we are making blends and so on and so forth. So effectively in our 
business we have not seen much of an impact because of the big price increase. Maybe 100 basis 
points here or 50 basis points here and there, it can happen from one quarter to another quarter 
but over the one two quarters it gets stabilized. I am not so seen that the price increases because 
we also don't want to give a shock that if I was selling a trouser for ₹ 3,000, I make it to ₹ 3,500 
and the next month next season I bring it down to ₹ 3,000 because that hurts the customer 
sentiment. So therefore, we are trying to maintain more or less the price parity. But also, through 
operating efficiencies and other things, we are able to also maintain the margins in the business.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And last on the textile business; we have very clearly highlighted our strategy of both suiting 
business where we are expanding in the premium jackets and the shirting piece where we are 
kind of filling the gap in certain price point that we have not been available because of those two 
factors our growth should be in high single digit which is something that we did in 1Q. But 2Q 
was an aberration maybe for the reason that you already indicated. Should we expect this strategy 
to enable us to do that high single digit growth probably, maybe in third quarter onwards and 
you did mention October, late October has already started showing traction, so is that playing 
out well?  
Sunil Kataria: 
I think two things would happen on this. From a midterm to long term perspective the strategy 
stays true for us. Very clearly, we see that we'll do a lot of premiumization in the suiting segment. 
We're already seeing polywool as a fabric. We're investing with new products as well insuring 
as you already rightly mentioned and good to see that you recall that we are filling up the gaps 
in terms of mass-to-mass premium price points and parallelly we are also expanding our outreach 
which we think that is a huge scope to grow that in the shirting business. Now what will happen 
is in going forward in Quarter 3, Quarter 4 as the season picks up then I would say this mid-
single digit strategy should pan out between the two. There could be a quarter here and there of 
some base effects which may come in because of primary secondary mismatches of the two 
quarters. But other thing, if you ask me over a 6-month period, 1 year period, yes we stay true 
to this projection that we have given. Plus, one thing which is also panning out well for us is as 
we said that we have also started introducing in a shirting business some very differentiated 
products like prints. Now we are finding casualization is a theme which is not playing only 
readymade apparel. It is a theme which is playing across ready to Stitch segment as well. I think 
that is another segment you'll see, maybe in the coming quarter some campaigns will also happen 
around that where the product development is already rolling out in the market. Plus, hopefully 
in the next quarter we will also be able to tell you something new, some new product 
developments and new segments that we are creating within our suiting business in line with a 
premiumization strategy. To cut the story short, we hold true to this mid-single digit kind of 
growth over a period of 6 to 12 months definitely we should be able to do that.  
Aliasgar Shakir: 
And just last question is on the demerger process. Where are we on that and when should we 
expect that to conclude?  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Amit Agarwal: 
Ali, you know that in India any demerger from the time of announcement is a 12-to-14-month 
process. We have announced the end of April. Based on our processes we look very comfortable. 
In the first quarter of next year, which is 12-14 months, we should be able to achieve the 
demerger. I think the process is completely on. We are expecting very shortly the NOCs from 
various people and then launching with NCLT and after the demerger you know is a traditional 
35 to 45 days to take for listing. I think in the first quarter 30th June, 2024 should be possible to 
complete the demerger and the listing of the two businesses separately.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Congrats on the real estate business for ramping up your non-Thane pipeline. Safe to say all 
these three projects that we have acquired, including the older one which is in Bandra would be 
launched in next 12 months? 
Harmohan Sahani: 
As far as Bandra is concerned, Bandra launch is imminent and it's at the last stage of approval. 
So, it should happen either within this year or early next financial year. But as far as our plan is 
concerned, we are budgeting it for it to happen in this financial year itself. So that's Bandra. As 
far as the other two projects are concerned, they both come to us now and by the time we finish 
all the planning and approval process, it is going to be easily 12 to 14 months and not before that 
we will be able to hit the market. So typically, in a real estate project as you know the time to 
market is about 18 to 24 months. But of course, we work slightly differently, and we try and cut 
it short. So for us it is going to be about 14 months or so.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
What I meant was FY25 we should see all these three projects coming online and contributing 
to our residential presales? 
Harmohan Sahani: 
Yes, definitely.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just from your broad estimates since you are closer to launch Bandra, the revenue potential 
that you have indicated for Bandra even for the recent two new projects, any upside potential in 
terms of pricing that we might have assumed when we have underwritten these projects versus 
probably where the market is right now? Specifically, Bandra was at least 1-1.5 year back and 
since then prices have increased a bit. So, any sort of revisions that you expect in terms of 
pricing? 
Harmohan Sahani:  
Give us the pleasure of surprising you positively. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes sure. And just lastly, I think on the P&L side we have one line item which is caused towards 
development of property which is in this quarter little unusually high. While in the presentation 
we have mentioned that we have still earned that 19.5% EBITDA margin. I mean still clocked 
19.5% EBITDA margin. So, is these ₹ 284 crores all related to a residential segment or there is 
some other amount also included in this?  

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Amit Agarwal: 
All are residential. And basically, what we mentioned in our brief that basically when you launch 
a project there is an advertisement cost, there are certain onetime approval costs which you need 
to incur and that is a P&L item. And that is why it is reflected into this and therefore the margin 
of normal 24%-25% is reflected in this quarter to the tune of 19.5%. 
Harmohan Sahani: 
So, we have launched three projects all around the same time. So, their marketing expenses are 
a period cost, and they don't get amortized over the lifecycle of the project like all the other cost. 
Since they are period cost, they come and hit upfront, and the bulk of the cost goes right up front. 
Because at the time of launch we have to make the market aware of the product being available. 
So that's really the impact that you have seen. It will kind of even out over the next couple of 
quarters.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got that point. But I was just wondering if we had net sales, net revenue in real estate business 
of ₹ 243 crores while this expense item is ₹ 284 crores. And still we are saying 19.5% was this 
EBITDA margin, so where is that disconnect?  
Management: 
Out of that (₹ +100) crore is the inventoried cost, so P&L impact is less, ₹ 160 only.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
So yes, there is some item which is netting of about ₹ 164 crores and that is where it's getting 
adjusted. Got it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Varun Pratap Singh from ICICI Securities.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
My question is on engineering business. I understand our guidance of high teens revenue growth 
and (+ 20%) EBITDA growth for the next maybe 3-4 odd years. But just wanted to understand 
that given we mentioned cost synergies between the existing business and the new business. So 
how do we objectively measure with regards to this so-called cost synergy between the two 
businesses also given that auto is a common element between the two pieces of business. If you 
can give some understanding about the cost synergy element and as a consequence, the EBITDA 
margin improvement etc. into the consolidated numbers.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. So look fundamentally what we are saying is the synergy between the two businesses 
would deliver me 250 to 300 basis points improvement on synergy. Now the way the synergy 
will work out, for example both of us both the businesses buy lot of steel. There is an clear 
possibility to negotiate on the steel. In terms of manpower, the way we are structured that is 
there a way we can create a common team. So that would also help. The third thing in terms of 
exchanging better practices that there has been lot of innovation on both the sides. We can 
exchange the practices, good efficient practices on both sides, which will help us reduce the cost. 
For example, very clearly, we keep the warehouses, Ring Plus keeps the warehouse even Maini 
keeps the warehouse in different parts of the world. Maybe we can share together a warehouse, 
so that the space utilization can improve, and the rental can be saved. So, there is a plethora of 
activities which we have identified which will enable us to get to the synergy benefit. On top of 
it I think the fundamentally the biggest thing which I mentioned in my script was that we supply 
to some of the top auto OEMs and Maini’s supplies to some of the other top OEMs. If we get an 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
access in these auto OEMs together, we can cover practically all the top auto majors which is 
the single biggest achievement which one can do, and it is very difficult to enter into an auto 
OEM if you don't have an earlier relationship.  That is in my opinion one of the very large 
synergy benefits which will come into this business.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
And second question is by when—I understand we have given a guidance that by—FY24 we 
are expected to close the transaction. But still by the end of Q4 or by when are we expected to 
start consolidating the number? 
Amit Agarwal: 
In Q4 we will start consolidating. But obviously it is subject to some of the external approvals 
as we mentioned that there is certain external approvals are required. So, post that we will be 
able to consolidate, and we expect that to happen during the fourth quarter.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
And the last question is again in the apparel segment, there has been one common observation 
that the premium price point may be not growing as fast as the value price point. As a 
consequence, we see several oldies or several companies entering into the value format. For 
example, Shopper Stop entered into the Zudio kind of market at the price point. Reliance has 
entered into the same market. Arvind exists in the same market now, maybe ramping up their 
plans etc. Also, for example if we see in the last 4-5 years there have been examples of few 
companies not growing, maybe the store expansion for example Zara would not have added 
much store over last 3-4 years. So having said that I understand our portfolio is relatively strong, 
robust and we have all price points also which we are catering to. But having said that given so 
much of excitement for example Trent result also it has been quite strong and so much 
excitement around this so-called value format. Given that we have entered into ethnics, do we 
also not aspire to maybe enter into this very segment where there has been so much of 
excitement?  
Sunil Kataria: 
I think first of all I think there are two parts to happening. There are two phenomena very clearly 
happening in India. India is seeing a very large wave of premiumization which is very clearly 
panning out that every segment that you take whether it's automotive, whether it's real estate, 
whether you see jewelry, there's a large piece happening that the premiumization is playing out. 
So, people who always had money who actually have the money disposal they're actually 
spending more and more on high value items. And that's where we are seeing a trend very clearly 
for our product portfolio. Second trend which is happening is yes there's is K curve happening 
in the mass end and there in fact there's a down-trading happening. So, both premiumization 
downtrading are playing out. In downtrading you're seeing this trend that the players who are 
below ₹ 500-600 segment that also you're seeing some wave happening. Now the question for 
us is a very clear large play already possible. We play in the mass premium to premium end. I 
think there's a huge scope for us across our brand on multiple vectors of growth. One is that we 
are going through expansion of go to market which is standard across brands. Second, we are 
going through casualization. Third we are going through premiumization. Fourth sector is 
getting into a new adjacent category like ethnics. So, for us there's enough large market to grow 
that rather than change our strategy or looking at it to a sub ₹ 600 kind of a value for money 
segment, we don't see that as a critical area for us. We have enough room to grow across between 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
mass premium to premium and through adjacencies. And that is something that we're doing. 
Having said that our Parx brand anyway that's a conscious call which is happening a Parx 
strategy that for Parx will not do EBOs because there it's a value brand. It is not a 500 minus 
brand it's a brand which is I would say mass brand. That segment we are catering to a Parx, and 
we are saying there we would rather not spend money on EBOs. We'd rather go and expand 
outlets to multi brand and large format stores where there is an automatic flow of consumer so 
that you can participate in a share game there.  
Amit Agarwal: 
And also, just to add that look as Raymond we have got 12 million CRM base. And the way the 
affluence is coming in our country. This will always show that people moving up the value chain. 
If you are able to cater to even that much of a segment, even 50 million customers if you are 
able to cater to, I think the revenue has a full potential to grow in high teens or even crossing 
(+20%) growth in the apparel segment. There's such a big market.  
Varun Pratap Singh: 
What about beauty segment? For example, we have seen listing of some of the beauty companies 
also and as Raymond has been relatively under indexed in the beauty side. So, will we also not 
aspire to venture into this very segment and kind of exist with the lifestyle or apparel dominated 
plus the category extension that we are doing? That's my last question.  
Amit Agarwal: 
At the end of the day, you see we just sold our FMCG business which was into the personal 
chain. Now there is a reason why we sold the business though we have absolutely non-compete 
available. We can start the FMCG business from today tomorrow. However, what I want to add 
is that we believe there is a significant growth potential across our all businesses, be it the 
branded fabric through big way in a shirting. Second thing on the branded apparel, see our 
revenue even if you take it at ₹ 1,500-1,600 crores. This is a $50 billion market growing to $75 
billion market over the next 5 years. So, there is a huge opportunity and the whole shift is 
happening from an unorganized sector to an organized sector that opens up lot of space for 
people like us. So therefore, we feel that there is significant opportunity in our own segment to 
cater to. We can do a much better business which you know and you have done it for so many 
years.  
Sunil Kataria: 
Also within the lifestyle current business within the men's apparels itself, there are so many 
adjacencies which are possible which we can nurture and I would rather focus where we have 
right to win which is so obvious to us rather than getting into segments where you can say okay 
is our right to win really very clear.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Reuben Matthews from Equity Intelligence India Private 
Limited.  
Reuben Matthews: 
I just had a quick question on financials. Can you share a little bit more light on why there was 
an increase in the receivables and maybe on which segment is it primarily for the branded 
apparel? If you could just give a little bit of explanation on that'd be great. 

 
Raymond Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Amit Agarwal: 
Sure. As we talked about, that the dealers and the franchisees are expecting a very strong second 
half of the year based on the festivities as well as the wedding season. So normally what happens 
when they buy the product, they bought the product mid to late September and that stood as 
receivables in our book. So, this is primarily for the lifestyle business, and it is a classical case 
because of seasonality. Every year the same thing happens. Now this time it is slightly more 
delayed because the Pitrupaksh continued till 15th of October. Otherwise, you would have seen 
by 14th of September, 15th of September the Pitrupaksh gets over. So, people start to take the 
material in mid of August whereas this year, they started to take mid to late September. And 
that's the simple reason which we believe can be during the quarter, this quarter and the next 
quarter we will be able to bring back to normalcy to the working capital. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Agarwal Group CFO for closing remarks.  
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you very much and we convey our wishes of Happy Diwali and prosperous New Year to 
each one of you and we will talk in the next year. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stockbroking Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
