16th November, 2023 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE scrip code: 500302
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE symbol: PEL 
Sub: 
SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015
(‘Listing Regulations’) - Transcript of Conference Call with Investors/Analysts 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
In continuation of our letter dated 8th November, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the 
Listing Regulations, please find enclosed the transcript of the Conference Call held on 9th 
November, 2023 to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY2024 Results of the Company. 
The transcript of the said conference call is also hosted on the website of the Company at 
https://www.piramal.com/investor/piramal-enterprises-limited/financial-reports/investor-calls/  
Kindly take the above on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours truly, 
For Piramal Enterprises Limited 
Bipin Singh 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: a/a 
BIPIN 
SINGH
Digitally signed 
by BIPIN SINGH 
Date: 2023.11.16 
19:10:48 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. AJAY PIRAMAL – CHAIRMAN – PIRAMAL GROUP 
MR. ANAND PIRAMAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – PIRAMAL GROUP 
MR. JAIRAM SRIDHARAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PIRAMAL CAPITAL AND HOUSING FINANCE 
MR. YESH NADKARNI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF WHOLESALE LENDING 
MR. RUPEN JHAVERI – GROUP PRESIDENT – PIRAMAL ENTERPRISES 
MS. UPMA GOEL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - PIRAMAL ENTERPRISES 
MR. RAVI SINGH – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – PIRAMAL ENTERPRISES 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAMEER BHISE – JM FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONAL SECURITIES 
 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call of Piramal Enterprises Limited, hosted by JM Financial Institutional Securities. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sameer Bhise from JM Financial Institutional Securities. 
Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bhise. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you, Michell. Good evening, everyone, and welcome to the second quarter FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call of Piramal Enterprises. Firstly, I would like to take this opportunity 
to thank the Piramal team and the management for giving us this opportunity to host the call. 
 
From the management team today, we have Mr. Ajay Piramal, Chairman, Piramal Group; Mr. 
Anand Piramal, Executive Director, Piramal Group; Mr. Jairam Sridharan, Managing Director, 
Piramal Capital and Housing Finance; Mr. Yesh Nadkarni, CEO of Wholesale Lending; Mr. 
Rupen Jhaveri, Group President, Ms. Upma Goel, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Ravi Singh, 
Head of Investor Relations at Piramal Enterprises. 
 
As always, we will have opening remarks from the management team. Post which, we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. I would like to transfer the call to Mr. Ajay Piramal for his 
opening comments. Post which, we'll take the questions. Thank you. 
Ajay Piramal: 
Thank you, and welcome to our earnings call. Let me begin by wishing all of you a very happy 
Diwali and best wishes for the festive season. Before diving into our results for the quarter, a 
few comments on the macro backdrop in which our company operates. The global macro 
economy is clouded with uncertainties arising from record high inflation, geopolitical conflicts, 
tight financial conditions and Chinese economic slowdown. Amidst this, India has demonstrated 
exceptional resilience, fueled by strong domestic economic fundamentals. 
 
India's financial sector is playing an important role in ensuring sustained growth across vital 
sectors like infrastructure, real estate and retail. As capacity utilization increases, demand for 
credit to invest in private capex will rise further. Indian banks and NBFCs have strengthened 
significantly in recent times, backed by several regulatory and supervisory initiatives of both 
banks and NBFCs, making them ready to meet this growth in credit. 
 
Large NBFC services improved the asset quality, higher capital buffers and improved 
profitability over the last few quarters. Indian NBFCs have undergrown a strong recovery, 
despite a difficult operating environment characterized by COVID, high interest rates and global 
economic and financial uncertainties. 
 
The retail credit demand has been strong. The current festive season has taken off well, and we 
expect the momentum to continue with improving economic conditions. However, El Nino can 
pose a risk with lower acreage of the winter crop affecting rural consumer demand, we need to 
be cognizant of our slippages that may emanate from these markets. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
We are optimistic about our loan growth going forward and at the same time, vigilant on 
prevailing risks, including unsecured lending and the rural slowdown. Real estate demand 
continues to remain buoyant while annual growth rates may come off the post-COVID peak at 
a pan India level, that our market demand will continue to remain high buoyed by India's rising 
economic activity and growing middle class. 
Moving to our company's performance and how we have delivered during the quarter. Our Q2 
performance was in line with our strategic focus of building a diversified Retail business, an 
accelerated rundown of Wholesale 1.0 and building a granular Wholesale 2.0 book. 
 
Firstly, it was encouraging to witness the AUM getting in a growth mode. Our total assets under 
management grew by 4% Q-on-Q to INR66,933 crores after seven quarters of broadly 
unchanged overall AUM. Retail segment led this growth with the AUM growth of 55% year-
on-year to INR38,604 crores. Retail now comprises 58% of our total AUM versus 33% at end 
of March 2022. 
 
Within Wholesale, the Wholesale 2.0 AUM is up 48% quarter-on-quarter and now stands at 
INR4,500 crores across Real Estate and the Corporate Mid Market Lending. Wholesale 1.0 
AUM is down 8% quarter-on-quarter to INR23,827 crores. This is a 45% rundown since March 
2022. 
Secondly, another key highlight for the second quarter of FY '24 is a reduction of 13% quarter-
on-quarter in the Wholesale SRs book to INR3,259 crores. 
 
Thirdly, on retail asset quality, the DPD trends were either stable or down across all our Retail 
products. Thus, consolidated GNPA ratio was down 10 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 2.7%, 
while the NNPA ratio was flat at 1.5%. 
Lastly, on operational performance during the second quarter of this year, the improvement in 
yields drove the NIM expansion of 38 basis points quarter-on-quarter and Net Interest Income 
growth of 10% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Fee income growth at 39% quarter-on-quarter and 159% year-on-year was also strong. Thus, 
our PPOP, excluding dividend income, grew by 27% from the last quarter to INR237 crores. 
This, along with broadly stable credit costs meant that our PAT, excluding exceptional items 
and one-off, stood at INR113 crores versus INR30 crores in the first quarter. In the second 
quarter, we also successfully completed our share buyback of INR1,750 crores as announced by 
the Board last quarter. We remain strongly capitalized with a net worth of INR28,710 crores and 
capital adequacy ratio of 31% on a consolidated basis.  
With these highlights, I will now hand over to Jairam, Yesh and Upma to discuss segments with 
specific highlights. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Thank you, Chairman, sir. I will walk you through the details of the Retail Lending segment and 
then hand over to Yesh for the Wholesale side of the business. Our retail AUM scaled 55% year-
on-year, coupled with growth in quarterly disbursements as well of 57% year-on-year. For the 
second quarter our disbursement yields stood at 14.3%, while the overall book yield stood at 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
13.2%, excluding the POCI book. Our housing loan disbursements grew 55% year-on-year with 
an average ticket size of INR18.1 lakhs for the second quarter. 
 
77% of our retail AUM is made up of secured loans with an average CIBIL score greater than 
740. 90-plus delinquency in all our Retail products are stable to down and are currently well 
under control. Our unsecured retail book across four different product lines stands at INR8,512 
crores. In recent months, there have been a lot of conversations on risk and unsecured lending. 
We believe this is a healthy conversation to have, and we have flagged it multiple times over the 
course of the last year. 
 
Over the last two quarters, through various measures to tighten credit lending, our disbursement 
volumes in unsecured have declined. Simultaneously, the risk metrics have remained benign 
with a slightly improving bias. 90-plus delinquency ratio has decreased from 1.6% at the end of 
last quarter to 1.4% as of September end. In this unsecured segment, we serve over 13.4 lakh 
customers with an average CIBIL score of 760. We continue to make steady progress towards 
the long-term operating profitability metrics, which we have shared with you in the past. 
 
Our yields in the retail business are steadily increasing on a book basis. Fee income is improving. 
opex ratio is lower than at the end of last year and flat Q-o-Q, and asset quality continues to be 
benign. As we continue to expand our Retail Lending business, we also continue to invest in 
manpower, branch infrastructure, technology and analytics for future growth. 
 
During the quarter, we added 19 new branches, aggregating now to 99 branches over the last 12 
months. With this, today, we have a network of 442 full-service branches and 142 microfinance 
branches across our network. We serve across 596 districts in India across 25 states. Our 
customer franchise now stands at 3.6 million with us acquiring 2.5 lakh new customers during 
the quarter. Our active customers out of this 3.6 million is at 1.1 million. With that, I'll hand over 
to Yesh to walk us through what happened in Wholesale Lending during the course of the 
quarter. 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
Thanks, Jairam, and good afternoon, everyone. In Wholesale Lending, we have achieved an 
accelerated rundown of 45% since March 2022. In our 1.0 AUM, in line with our strategic focus. 
Wholesale Stage 1 AUM, excluding non-yielding assets in the nature of land assets, receivables, 
security receipts and DHFL on which we don't record yields, on that book, which stood at about 
INR17,381 crores, we had an average yield of 12%. 
 
Stage 2 plus Stage 3 AUM combined reduced 63% year-on-year to INR4,126 crores with a 
provision coverage ratio of 32%. We continue to focus on resolution of stressed assets, which 
will shrink the Wholesale portfolio in the short term as we have communicated earlier as well. 
A dedicated team is involved in the monitoring and executing the resolution strategy for some 
of the complex recoveries and enforcements aim to improve recoveries and monetization of 
assets on an accelerated basis. 
 
Security receipts reduced by 9% Q-o-Q and is the first quarter during which we actually saw a 
decline in security receipts to a number of INR4,862 crores, of which 67% have been relating to 
wholesale loans on the underlying assets. With this, wholesale SRs reduced by 13% Q-o-Q to a 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
number of INR3,259 crores as of Q2 FY '24. As resolution process continues, we expect our SR 
portfolio to reduce in the near term via a combination of sales, enforcement and collections at 
our carrying value, while few more ARC sales are expected over the next two quarters. 
 
In Wholesale 2.0 AUM, we are focusing on building a granular and high-quality portfolio, 
wherein our 2.0 AUM grew at 48% Q-o-Q to INR4,501 crores across Real Estate and Corporate 
Mid Market Loans strategies. Our 2.0 loans are performing well and are in line with or ahead of 
underwriting as reflected in significant prepayments that we have received to date. 
 
We received about INR966 crores from Wholesale 2.0 over the last six quarters, which illustrates 
the credit quality of the underlying portfolio. We disbursed INR1,819 crores in the second 
quarter of FY '24, of which INR1,115 crores was disbursed in the month of September '23. The 
average ticket size is around INR172 crores on Real Estate loans and INR64 crores for Corporate 
Mid-Market Lending in this version of our AUM. We will further build this book in a calibrated 
manner while capitalizing on the market opportunities. 
With this, I'll hand over to my colleague, Upma, to cover financial performance and liabilities. 
Upma Goel: 
Thank you, Yesh. Covering our financial performance. In Q2 FY '24, our net interest margin 
expanded by 38 basis points Q-on-Q, supporting the net interest income growth of 10% quarter-
on-quarter. Fee income continues to scale up well and was up 39% Q-o-Q. Our opex was up 6% 
Q-o-Q to INR664 crores, led by growing Retail and our investments in tech platforms and 
distribution. Thus far, fees provision operating profit, excluding dividend income, went up 27% 
quarter-on-quarter to INR237 crores. Credit cost was at 1.2% versus 1.1% in Q1 FY '24, which 
is in line with our expected range for credit costs. 
During Q2, in further to the order dated 5th September and 20th September '23 of the Honorable 
Delhi High Court, Piramal Fund Management Private Limited, a 100% subsidiary of Piramal 
Enterprises Limited, has agreed to refund or return the principal amount to all investors of 
Indiareit PMS as a onetime payment without admission of any liabilities and without prejudice 
basis. This led to recording of exceptional loss of INR64 crores during the quarter. 
 
Our reported profit after tax for Q2 FY '24 stood at INR48 crores versus INR509 crores in Q1 
FY '24. Profit after tax, excluding exceptions and one-offs, stood at INR113 crores versus INR30 
crores in Q1 FY '24. On liability management side, we continue to focus on diversifying our 
borrowing mix, including securitization. 
 
Our fixed to floating rate debt mix improved to 54:46 and we'll continue to see further 
improvements over coming quarters. Our cost of borrowings remained stable at 8.6%. Our ALM 
is well matched with positive gaps across all the buckets. With this, I'll hand it over to Chairman, 
sir, for his concluding remarks. 
Ajay Piramal: 
We have given you a brief update of this quarter and of the first six months. The investor 
presentation has also been uploaded on the site. And now I will ask you to open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Avinash Singh: 
So two questions. The first one would be around your credit cost that is close to INR2 billion. It 
has so many moving parts. If you can just help me understand that INR683 crores that you have 
taken kind of a hit on the loan that you have derecognized, what was the provision already there 
because, I mean, the net negative INR244 crores, I see, that will be a kind of a sum of two parts 
that you would have reversed whatever it was provided on this part of the loan thing 
derecognized and you would have incrementally provided some bit there. 
 
Also to help us understand what part of your other income that you have sort of given in note 
that majorly is the recovery from write-off? Is there some sort of FLDG-related income also in 
there? And if I were to look at the fair value gains, line item at INR78-odd crores, is it majorly 
now from the revaluation of SRs? So this is question one. 
 
And the second is that, in terms of your Q-o-Q reduction in Wholesale 1.0, if you can just provide 
the sort of a breakup that how much of it is kind of the regular payments, prepayments or how 
much of that is coming from the sell-down of either their stressed loan or a standard loans? These 
are the two questions. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
That's a lot of questions. Okay. so we will take the credit cost question first because there were 
three parts to your credit cost question. I'll try and take some of them and Upma will add 
whatever I might miss. And then Yesh will talk you through the Wholesale 1.0 side of the story. 
 
See, your first point of how much exactly the gross-to-gross comparison to essentially say, hey, 
kind of did new Stage 3 get formed, did stock get derecognized and kind of written-off and go 
off the books and how much was it like? I think the best way to kind of look at this is on a net-
net basis. The 1.2% credit cost is probably the simplest way to look at this. That's what we have 
guided as well that, on a net basis, we expect our business in the long run to be about 1.5% credit 
card business. We are at 120 basis points. 
 
Every time we derecognize we write-off something, obviously, we will make incremental 
provisions and bring it up to 100% and then derecognize it, right? Obviously, we can derecognize 
only assets that are 100% provided. So yes, some part of this has gone towards that de-
recognition. The Stage 2 and Stage 3, whatever is left on the books right now, you will see in 
our investment presentation on Page 37, that Stage 2 plus Stage 3, the provisions are broadly the 
same. 
They are -- they may be a little bit less in -- compared to last quarter. So they are a tiny bit less 
than last quarter, 200 is a net credit cost that we've had. So you can do the math and figure out 
what is the gross level -- incremental provisions that we've had to make to write-off the cases. 
So that's a couple of hundred crores that you will see there. 
 
As far as recoveries are concerned, you had a right question there about, our part of the recovery 
is coming from FLDG? The answer is yes. We had a 2-digit number. We're not disclosing the 
specific number, but I'll just say that it's 2-digit number, which is sort of -- which is coming from 
FLDG. Yes, we do have FLDG recoveries as showing up as part of that as well. 
 
There was a third part to his question, which was about revaluation of SR. Not really, no. The 
revaluation of just ASR is just not created. So it would be premature for us to start revaluing 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
them upwards. A lot of the re-evaluation ends up happening actually on our old POCI book, 
where cash flows come in and based on that, we end up doing some re-evaluations. So that's 
what you're seeing that it's not nothing to do with the right now, at least. A year from now if SRs 
behaved really well, we might consider some re-evaluation, but it's too early at this point of time. 
Yesh, do you want to take the question on Wholesale 1.0? 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
Yes. I think the question, if I got that right, was the reduction in Stage 2 and Stage 3 book, right? 
What was the source of it? 
Avinash Singh: 
I mean, overall, your Q-o-Q reduction in Wholesale 1.0, how much of this Wholesale 1.0 
reduction that's like -- if I recall some 8-9% Q-o-Q, how much of that, I mean, absolute amount 
is coming because of the kind of your regular payments? And how much of it is like asset sell-
down, whether it's stressed or standard? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
I think, predominantly, it has been organic recoveries where the underlying assets or a pool of 
other capital has taken out from the underlying. I don't have the exact number Q-o-Q handy to 
answer your question, but it has been a mixture of the two. But if I want to take a step back and 
tell you the composition of the repayments over a longer period of time, which is really the trend 
you should focus on, about 75% plus being sourced through the asset cash flow themselves, 
right? So a material part of the reduction that we have seen has come through the performance 
of the underlying assets and the partners who we work with to be able to achieve better 
performance. 
Avinash Singh: 
Okay. And if I can just follow up, that -- okay, let's look at the credit cost on a net basis, that 
INR200 crores-odd number for the quarter. If you can provide now again sort of a -- how much 
of it is on Wholesale 1.0, Wholesale 2.0 and Retail? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
See, the numbers are there, if you look at our Page 37, and you can see the stock that is there. 
And if you see the SEBI disclosure, you will get to see kind of the recoveries that we have got. 
The best way to think of this is of the about INR200 crores, right now, Retail credit costs are 
going to be very small because Retail is still a young book. So much of the credit costs, both the 
costs -- the credit costs getting formed as well as the recoveries coming in are all going to be 
kind of related to the Wholesale part of the book. The Retail part of the book will slowly come. 
So I think that it's good enough right now, we're not making segment-specific credit cost 
disclosure, so I'll just leave it at that at this point. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, just wanted to understand the SR decline that has happened. So whenever the SRs rundown, 
what impact will it have on the P&L or through which item will it get routed? Essentially trying 
to understand there will be a certain fair value at which you would be carrying SRs on your 
balance sheet. So once SRs get resolved, so this quarter as well, you've sold down SRs, I think, 
which has led to -- SRs to ARCs which has led to the decline. So when we sell down SRs, is 
there any component that comes and sits in the P&L? Any line item, which gets impacted when 
you sell down SRs to ARCs? 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Upma Goel: 
Abhijit, when we sell down the SRs, if we are realizing the full SRs value, there will not be any 
impact on the P&L. Any amount more than the SRs selling will go in the credit line item in the 
P&L. And if we are reducing by way of NAV, the impact comes into the loss as a -- loss and 
gain on to the fair valuation. So the reduction what you're seeing it in our quarter is the recovery 
without having any significant impact on the P&L. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
So just to clarify that, we haven't added SRs in this quarter. In fact, the SRs have got renewed. 
That's the point I would add. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
No sell down... 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. 
Upma Goel: 
There is no sell down... 
Jairam Sridharan: 
There's no new sell down to the ARCs, the SRs we have been able to sell and we have been able 
to recover equivalent value, so there's no meaningful P&L impact one way or the other during 
the course of the quarter. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. The second question that I had was on this Retail yields. So I mean, obviously, you've 
given out in your presentation, why Q-o-Q there has been moderation in the Retail is because 
you've kind of cut down your unsecured disbursements. But just wanted to understand, at the 
overall company level, your yields have actually improved sequentially. So what has led to that? 
I mean, is there some other component in interest income? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
More of the mix that keep moving towards Retail, you will keep seeing this. It's -- we are -- even 
after the moderation in yields in Retail, we are still at 14.25% incremental for the quarter. So 
that's what you're seeing. By the way, let me make one other point on that moderation clear. We 
were at 14.7% at the end of -- during last quarter in terms of disbursement yield in Retail. That 
14.7% went to 14.2%. Some part of it is mix shift, as you have rightly mentioned, less unsecured. 
 
But the other part, which is also equally important is that within unsecured particularly in the 
partnership business, the new RBI guidelines on partnerships and FLDG, etc, and digital lending 
took hold in the course of the quarter, that led to some realignment in commercial, where earlier, 
I might have charged a higher part of the interest to my P&L because I was not able to get the 
clawback from an FLDG format. 
 
Now in an FLDG format, I will actually charge less from an interest perspective, but I have the 
FLDG cover at the back end. So do not show up in my credit costs. So the commercial 
rearrangement has also happened, which is what has actually shown up in the yield number. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And then maybe one last question that I had is, I mean, in one of the notes that you've 
given out and in the financial statements, you talk about this principal business criteria for our 
HFC subsidiary. So wanted to understand as on September, where are we? And going forward, 
is it fair to expect that maybe because you are required to meet this principal business criteria by 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
March '24, which I believe is 50% at the overall level and 60% in individual home loans, will 
be kind of accelerating your growth in mortgages? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
See, I think the current position is that we are well short of where we need to be. Having said 
that, we have known this for a while. So we have been in conversation with both NHB and RBI. 
And while I cannot tell you the specific details on that because that's privileged communication 
with regulators. But suffice to say that we are in conversations with the regulator, and they are 
well aware of what our realistic goals are. One of the things that you've got to be careful about 
in the lending business is trying to achieve extraordinary growth numbers just to achieve some 
of these portfolio mixes can have debilitating long-term effects. So we have to be careful about 
what we can do. 
 
In that, there are some things which are realistically doable and some things which are not that 
realistic. And we have been very upfront and open with the regulators on this matter and are in 
active conversation. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. So then is there a case that in case we don't need that criteria by March '24, we could -- 
you might have to go back to the regulator for an extension? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
As I said, we are already in conversations. We're not going to wait for March '24. We are already 
in conversations with them. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Got it. And sir, just one last question, sorry. So you've been last two quarters cleaning up your 
balance sheet. I mean last quarter, we had taken goodwill, right? As this time, you've done some 
clean-up on the India REIT side. I mean, are there more clean-ups of the balance sheet that's 
envisage in the next few quarters? Or do you think we're largely done with regards to this 
cleaning up of the balance sheet? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
See, we are -- we think we are largely there. There might be one -- as you can see, the size of 
some of these clean-up is getting smaller and smaller every quarter. So we don't think there's 
anything kind of major that's out there. Minor things might come up every now and then like in 
all spring cleaning, Abhijit which is like you might realize some other things in some corners, 
but nothing material. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi Group. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, just again on this yield question at the company level. So once again, to clarify, there is -- 
when we are running down the Wholesale book, there is no component of any maybe one-off 
interest income, which would have got booked into that, and it is purely the mix shift, which has 
led to 38 bps overall yield increase despite 50 bps decline in the Retail yields, yes? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct. There's no one-off here. I will point out, however, that in the past, in quarters when you 
have significant NPA formation, you might see reversal of interest. This quarter, we have had 
neither reversals nor any one-off gains in the interest-based income. 
Kunal Shah: 
Yes. But no recovery income, which is there, okay, which is in the yield? 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Yes. And any particular reason in terms of maybe the overall Stage 2 and Stage 3 
provisioning coverage being lower? I think you have highlighted some point with respect to 
write-off. So is that the only component or there are changes in any of the assumptions because 
at the both Stage 2 level also full, we are seeing it lower. Otherwise, there is not much change, 
in fact, at the absolute number, but still provisioning the number is down, yes? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. The -- you're talking within Wholesale or as a full company level? 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, whole company level and primarily that's coming in from wholesale only largely, yes. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. See, there is -- policy changes we don't do in the middle of the year. So there is nothing 
that has changed between last quarter and the quarter. It's exactly the same provisioning and 
ECL policy. In the Wholesale side of the business -- so there are 2 factors here that you should 
keep in mind. Firstly, there's Wholesale and Retail mix will keep changing in Stage 2 and Stage 
3 and Wholesale and Retail -- and even within Retail, which product it is, will actually change 
as a percentage provisioning that you will see in Stage 2 and in Stage 3. 
 
So if it's an HL, it might be 2% or 3% in Stage 2 and 22%, 23% in Stage 3. But if it's a PL, it 
might be 30% in Stage 2 and like 70% in Stage 3. It could be very different depending on the 
product mix that is in Stage 2 and 3. So product mix matters it's the absolute headline number is 
the same. The second point that I've made is that in Wholesale, because assets are lumpy, Stage 
2 conversations happen on an asset-to-asset basis. 
 
So LGD assessment you need to do on an asset-to-asset basis, and that might sometimes 
depending on which asset is in Stage 2 this time versus last time, it might create some small 
deltas in terms of provisioning. But policy wise, nothing has really changed. 
Yesh, anything you'd add? 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
No, absolutely. But the other thing I'd add is change is very marginal, right? As you can see in 
the numbers on Page 38. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Piran Engineer from CLSA. 
Piran Engineer: 
Just getting back, like follow-up questions on some that was asked earlier, I mean, these are 
more accounting related. Now how do I reconcile your credit cost of INR198 crores from the 
consolidated P&L, the BSE release because from there, it's like -- shouldn't I just be deducting 
INR244 crores from that INR683 crores and therefore, that INR440-odd crores should be of 
credit cost? 
Upma Goel: 
Can I just answer this part? You also have to add the other operating income, which is INR184 
crores, that's the recovery we got it from the -- write-off of recovery from the provisional written 
off account. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. So this is a net credit cost, net of bad debt recoveries? 
Upma Goel: 
Absolutely. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct. 
Upma Goel: 
Now we are showing it in our IR deck. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And sir, just to be clear, the write-offs this quarter is then INR683 crores. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, your number is a little bit too big. I think more like in the INR400 crores. We will take this 
up offline and we'll show the exact number. Around INR400 crores is write-off. INR200 crores 
write-off recovery is there and net credit cost is around INR200 crores. This is the math. 
Piran Engineer: 
Okay. Fair enough. Second thing that again on accounting, the SR book of almost INR5,000 
crores, that sits in your investment book of INR18,000 crores. Is that right? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
It sits in investment book, yes. But it also shows up in our AUM. When we show AUM, it add 
both loan book and this SR book in it. 
Piran Engineer: 
Fair enough. And so just trying to understand, so when you recover money from the SR, 
basically, there's nothing that goes through the P&L and this investment get converted into cash 
on the balance sheet and that's how the balance sheet balances? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct. Except, that's the delta between the consideration that you get versus the book value 
will flow through P&L. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Viral Shah from IIFL Securities. 
Viral Shah: 
Actually, I have basically two questions for you. So one, can you give me the number in terms 
of the 30-plus DPD for each one of your Wholesale -- Retail loan segments, including 
unsecured? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
We'll see whether we want to show. Started 30-plus disclosures. We will see whether it is useful. 
Right now, 90-plus trends we have started showing us a new disclosure this time, 90-plus trends 
for the last five quarters. See whether this is useful. I will just tell you that the story line is 30-
plus. While the levels are different, the story line is absolutely no different. It shows exactly the 
same pattern. There is no accumulation that's happening in 30-day and 60-day bucket, if that's 
what you're looking for. 
 
There is no accumulation there. So the trend lines are very, very similar. The absolute value, 
we'll see whether we want to start doing disclosures in the future. 
Viral Shah: 
Because last quarter, in the adjustment had given out 30-plus DPD, so that's why I'm... 
Jairam Sridharan: 
But we don't want to do it every quarter. That metric is a little bit more volatile. There's no point 
actually, just confusing. I think 90-plus is a good metric for us to continue to share. We'll see 
whether we find it useful or maybe annually start showing it or something like that, we'll see. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
But as I said, please take a look at 90-plus and just the deltas, 90-plus or 30-delta, what you saw 
in the Analyst Day, nothing has changed. So trend lines are exactly the same. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay. Just delving over there, you mentioned the trend line is similar. So versus the last quarter, 
where your unsecured loans had higher delinquencies quarter-on-quarter. So that trend continues 
for unsecured directionally? Or has it come down? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
It has come down. Like this quarter, it got come down. Same thing has happened in 30-plus also. 
Viral Shah: 
Okay. Fair enough. And the second question I had was on the comment that you made with 
regards to FLDG and rear, FLDG being there. So just to understand this right. So now you have 
the FLDG covered. That's why the yields are that you get would be relatively lower. So earlier, 
there was no FLDG or even quasi FLDG? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, there was a quasi FLDG. That's why we had a higher part of the yield accruing to us and 
that we would keep as high. And if credit event happens, we would not pass on the higher yield 
to the originator because that's a service deficiency. But if the service was full in the sense that 
we did not see a higher level of risk, then that higher yield would eventually get passed on back 
to them. 
Viral Shah: 
And can you give a sense of like what's the -- of course, we know the cap on the FLDG, but is 
the quasi FLDG now down to 0? Or is it still there... 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, it's still there. It's still there. Not -- It's not as large as the FLDG is, but it's still there. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Adarsh from Enam Holdings. 
Adarsh: 
Question to kind of realign your interest income. Just wanted to understand, on a stock basis, 
your retail yields would be north of 13% at least. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
On a stock basis, yes, 13.2% excluding POCI and 13.8% including POCI. 
Adarsh: 
Got it, Jairam. So because -- would it be possible to give out -- you have a wholesale AUM, 
what part of that is interest earning like a Stage 1 and Stage 2 is about INR28,000 crores. Does 
all of it accrue interest because the implied yields on that book seems pretty low? If I take Retail, 
it's 13%. Then you have an investment book. If you do all of that, there is very little interest 
income left out of the Wholesale book? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Adarsh, look at Page 26. Page 26 there is a header, it shows Stage 1 AUM, its for wholesale, 
AUM is INR17,381 crores, average yield is 12%. 
Yesh Nadkarni: 
This is the yielding. 
Adarsh: 
So this is the yielding book, is it? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct, correct. 
Adarsh: 
Out of the INR28,000 crores? 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct. 
Adarsh: 
Okay. Got it. This kind of adds up. This is helpful. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
So just to remind everybody, the non-yielding part of the book is SRs, land and receivables, and 
there is some DHFL, which is non-yielding. So also that delta is -- I mean apart from these, 
INR17,381 crores is the yielding book in Wholesale. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Arvind Chetty from Dymon Asia Capital. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Just one question on the new customer acquisition on the Retail part. So that's been slowing 
down significantly on Y-o-Y and Q-o-Q basis as well. Could you explain the reasons because I 
understand on the secured part, you are slowing down a bit? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
It's a good observation. It's all driven by the slowdown in unsecured. In terms of sheer number 
of customers, unsecured always gets you a lot more customers. Order of magnitude, more 
customers than secured. So while our secured business has been growing really strong, as you've 
actually seen in our numbers over the last six months, our unsecured business has slowed a bit, 
and that is what's resulting in a smaller customer acquisition. 
 
This will come back up and as and when we get more comfortable, we made a lot of credit policy 
changes over the last six months in this business. So as we get more comfortable with the credit 
quality as a new book that is actually getting booked, you might see accelerator a little bit more 
in the future, and you will see that come up. Your observation is right, but it's all got to do with 
the reduction in unsecured. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Understood. And my second question is on the fintech partners that you have. So would we go 
ahead and sign FLDG with all the partners and to the extent of up to 5% or limited to. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, as I said, about 70-odd percent of our business is done with partners on the FLDG format, 
and the rest are not. 50% is FLDG format, 20% is non-FLDG, but some other form of credit 
enhancement by the partner, and the rest 30% is risk on our own book. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vinod Jain from WF Advisors. 
Vinod Jain: 
I seek better understanding of 2 items of P&L. One is the net loss on de-recognition of financial 
instruments under amortized cost of INR683 crores. And the second is the impairment allowance 
to reversals of financial instruments of INR245 crores. My question is only twofold. One is, are 
these interrelated? And two, what is the view on these items going forward? 
Upma Goel: 
This net loss on de-recognition of financial instruments, it's primarily on account of the assets, 
which has been actually moved out of the balance sheet. Now impairment is the actual 
impairment of our instruments which is nothing but in the form of ECL, expected credit loss. So 
when we look into the overall credit cost, we have to add up these 2 lines because there is a 
possibility when we actually sell down the book, it’ll move from the ECL to the net loss on 
condition of financial instruments. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Vinod Jain: 
Okay. Then what is the view on this going forward, madam. Can you give us some understanding 
of the view on these items? 
Upma Goel: 
See, we were talking about the credit cost. So when you have to look into the credit cost, that is 
the range you have to look into it. So that's roughly 1.2 sort of a number what we have been 
expecting. 
Vinod Jain: 
1.2, madam? 
Upma Goel: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Shah from Citi Group. 
Kunal Shah: 
Sir, on the unsecured part of it, if I look at the details in the presentation, Ma'am is that 
disbursement particularly lower on account of maybe we have to break it up into the various 
segments, then what would have led to this decrease in the disbursement? Is it more of a digital 
personal unsecured SME? And is it on account of tightening of the norms and what we would 
have done or maybe any of the particular partnerships we are reevaluating? What is happening 
out there? And where should this number stabilize? Is it like this downtrend is expected to 
continue, given this kind of an environment here? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
No, good question. So of the four products that we speak about in digital unsecured, 
microfinance is roughly the same as what it was in Q4. Nothing much has changed there. It's 
neither gone up nor down. Unsecured MSME is -- it was low in Q1, but it has gone back to Q4 
levels now. Personal loans is higher than where we were in Q4. All the reduction has actually 
happened in digital loans, the partnerships doing business. That's where all the reduction has 
come. This business is now roughly 1/2 the size than it was in Q4. 
 
And all of it is through tightening of credit criteria, not by selection of partners. So across every 
partner, our business volumes are down because we have just tightened credit criteria. As I've 
mentioned in the past, we had a first round of credit tightening in November and another 
significant round of tightening in April this year. That quarter has actually started to show now 
in terms of the numbers. 
 
In terms of outlook, I think this downward reduction is kind of done. I feel comfortable now, 
looking at the last six months of originations, Kunal, we are feeling pretty okay with the credit 
quality -- the new business credit quality in terms of early risk, etc, it's looking good. You might 
see us actually bend this curve and start going in the other direction soon enough. 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. Sir, if you can just explain in terms of this proportion maybe when we look at it in terms 
of the partnerships, so that is also down from 44% to 41%. And incrementally, we are doing 
more of the business from the branches where in that proportion has now gone up to almost like 
51% or so. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Correct. So just to put a rupee crore number on it. In the month of March, we did INR750 crores 
of business through partnerships -- digital loan through partnerships. In the month of September, 
we did INR350 crores. 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Kunal Shah: 
Okay. And nothing much to read into the increase in the ticket size, which has been there in 
digital loans, 40 to 50... 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Because in partnership, the ticket size is smaller. So if that proportion comes down, the average 
ticket size will go. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shubhranshu Mishra from Phillip Capital. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Just to understand the FLDG with our partnerships. Are we at 5%? Or is there something more 
than 5% with certain partners? This is the first. Second is what kind of ticket size is minimum 
are we doing and maxim are we doing in terms of personal loans and the minimum and maximum 
IRRs we are doing in personal loans? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Okay. See, on FLDG -- regulatorily, FLDG is capped at 5%. So practically in all the cases that 
we do FLDG, we will be at 5%. There might be some other commercial arrangements that we 
might have with the originator. But within the FLDG format, you can only do 5% and that's kind 
of where we are. 
 
Your question on ticket sizes, I think -- your ticket and yield, I think, on ticket size, see, we do 
all ticket prices. But, I guess, we're trying to figure out what is the small ticket exposures that 
we have is within the unsecured population. So within that 8,500-odd which is there in 
unsecured, this small ticket unsecured, which has kind of been the subject of a lot of conversation 
less than 50,000, we have about INR480 crores. So it's a very small percentage of our overall 
exposure in unsecured is less than 50,000, less than 25,000 is about INR175 crores. 
 
So our ratios are very small. I think a lot of you have heard this in other calls as well. But let me 
also add some information to the same conversation. We do also see in our portfolio the same 
dynamic, which is the smaller the ticket size, higher the risk. While we talked about 1.4% as the 
overall 90-plus delinquency of unsecured, when you look at the less than INR50,000 category, 
that 1.4% basically doubles. And actually, little bit more than doubles, it's something like 3.5%. 
And if you go even smaller, if you just look at the less than INR25,000 category, that population 
is something like 6%. So it doubles again. 
 
So there is almost a 4x differential between the regular PL and the really small ticket PL right 
now in terms of risk that we are seeing on our portfolio. But the less than INR25,000 portfolio 
is very small for us, INR175 crores and less than INR50,000 is about INR480-odd crores. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
Right. Just to come back to FLDG, my fair understanding of FLDG is that it's an over the counter 
contract between the lender and the originator. So it can be plus or minus of 5%. But then when 
the regulator says that it is going to be capped at 5%, it means that it's going to be 5%, right? 
How can we have another commercial arrangement with the originator? 
Jairam Sridharan: 
I will not be able to talk about that on this call. Let me just reiterate that our FLDG is capped at 
5%. 
Shubhranshu Mishra: 
For all originators? 

 
Piramal Enterprises Limited 
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Jairam Sridharan for his closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Jairam Sridharan: 
Thank you, friends. To conclude, the performance of the company in the Q2 and the H1 FY '24 
strengthened our confidence in the -- on the company, continuing in growth mode and improving 
profitability to our stated goals. To achieve this, we remain focused on our four strategic 
priorities: number one, building a leading housing-focused diversified retail business with our 
high tech plus high-touch strategy; number two, effectively running down our Wholesale 1.0 
AUM while building a profitable and robust Wholesale 2.0 AUM; and number three, optimizing 
our capital allocation and achieving steady-state ROA for our shareholders. 
 
I thank everybody for joining the call today. If you have any further questions, please feel free 
to reach out to our Investor Relations team. Season's greetings from entire crew at Piramal. Have 
a great day. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, members of the management. I would now like to invite 
Mr. Sameer Bhise for the closing remarks. Over to you, Mr. Bhise. 
Sameer Bhise: 
Thank you, Mitchell, and thank you to the team of Piramal Enterprises for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of JM Financial Institutional Securities, 
that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
