 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 1002, Dev Corpora, Cadbury Junction,
E: sales@neogenchem.com
T: +91 22 2549 7300
Eastern Express Highway, Thane (W) 400 601, India.
W: www.neogenchem.com
F: +91 22 2549 7399
CIN No. L24200MH1989PLC050919
 
 
 
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Kala Ghoda, Fort 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code No: 542665 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Company Symbol: NEOGEN 
 
 
Sub.: Q2FY24 - Earnings Conference Call Transcript.  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to the captioned subject, please find enclosed herewith the Earnings Call 
Transcript of the Company’s Q2FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on November 9, 2023. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
company’s 
website 
at 
https://neogenchem.com/financial-performance/. 
 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neogen Chemicals Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Unnati Kanani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A35131 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
UNNATI 
RAJESH 
KANANI
Digitally signed 
by UNNATI 
RAJESH KANANI 
Date: 2023.11.16 
15:30:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
Neogen Chemicals Limited 
Q2 FY24 Conference Call Transcript 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Neogen Chemicals Limited’s 
Q2 FY24 conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only 
mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and welcome to Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY24 
earnings conference call for investors and analysts.  
Today we are joined by senior members of the management team including Dr. 
Harin Kanani – Managing Director, Mr. Anurag Surana – Director and Mr. Ketan 
Vyas – Chief Financial Officer. We will commence the call with opening thoughts 
from the management team, post which we shall open the forum for Q&A, when 
the management will be addressing queries of the participants.  
Before we commence, I would like to share our standard disclaimer. Certain 
statements made or discussed on the conference call today may be forward 
looking. The actual results may vary from these forward-looking statements. A 

 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
detailed disclaimer in this regard is available in Neogen Chemicals’ Q2 FY24 
earnings presentation which had been shared earlier.  
I would now like to invite Dr. Harin Kanani to share his perspective. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Harin Kanani: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone and thank you for joining us on Neogen 
Chemicals’ Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. First, Festive greetings to each one 
of you. Wishing you all a very Happy Diwali and a Prosperous New Year. We 
announced our Q2 FY24 financial results yesterday and subsequently, circulated the 
result documents. I trust you have had an opportunity to review them. As always, I 
will begin by guiding you through the performance highlights, important updates 
and expansion initiatives. Following this, our CFO Mr. Ketan Vyas will provide an 
overview of the financial performance. 
I am delighted to announce that we have sustained a steady performance, even in 
the face of ongoing external challenges that have negatively affected the end-user 
demand. These headwinds relate to persistent inventory reduction, continuous 
dumping by China as well as deceleration in several developed markets. 
Furthermore, the ongoing conflict in the Middle East has had global ramifications, 
resulting in increased price volatility for raw materials (RM) linked to crude oil. 
Although a significant portion of our revenue comes from non-discretionary 
segments like Agrochemicals and Pharmaceuticals, which experienced demand 
challenges, we are partially insulated thanks to our diverse product range and the 
expansion initiatives which are already underway. We have maintained a strong 
emphasis on value addition and have established long-term arrangements with our 
customers. 
While it is still early days, we have begun to see some signs of recovery and 
anticipate the situation to normalise towards the end of the current financial year. 
That said, all our expansion projects are on schedule and advancing as expected. 
Let me now give you an overview of our consolidated financial performance for Q2 
FY24. Revenues grew by 9% to Rs. 161.7 crore, while EBITDA came in at Rs. 25.9 

 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
crore, higher by 7%. Profit after tax stood at Rs. 7.9 crore. Alongside the incremental 
gains from recent capacity expansion, the performance was bolstered by the 
contribution from BuLi Chem. Improvement in EBITDA was a result of better 
product mix and rationalisation of key inputs and RM costs. 
In Q2 FY24, we witnessed 24% growth in Organic Chemical revenues, whereas 
Inorganic Chemicals reported a de-growth of 21%. This was mainly due to 
historically high lithium prices prevailing during the same period last year, which 
have now approached a more normalised level. Overall volumes remained 
unaffected and slightly improved. 
I will now share an important update. As you may be aware, we successfully 
concluded the preferential allotment on 1st November, 2023. Through this 
allotment, we have raised Rs. 253 crore from esteemed high-equity institutional 
investors. I would like to convey my gratitude for the confidence shown in us and 
the support provided for our future growth initiatives. We propose to utilise the 
net proceeds to establish a long term presence in the Battery Materials space, while 
maintaining the growth trajectory in the existing business segments of specialty 
Bromine derivatives, Advanced Intermediates and Custom Synthesis and 
Manufacturing, including our recent acquisition in the Organo Lithium Chemistry 
space. In addition to this, we will strategically deploy these funds to retire some of 
the existing debt, to create enough leverage and quickly expand based on the 
evolving market situation. 
Let me now elaborate on our expansion plans. Within Organic Chemicals, we have 
a total expanded capacity of 463 m3 as on date, and additional 29 m3 is likely to be 
commissioned closer to the end of this financial year and year around that. For 
Inorganic Chemicals, we have a total installed capacity of 39 m3 as on date, which 
includes 15 m3 reactor capacity added till March 2023. I am happy to share that 
this has started contributing to the revenues.  
With respect to Battery Chemicals, I am glad to share that trial production has 
commenced for one section of 400 MTPA Lithium Electrolyte Salts and additives 

 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
capacity. And final checks and tests are underway for the remaining section which 
is just before commissioning. For Electrolyte Salts, we are also now proposing to 
put up a 2,000 MT plant, instead of 1,000 MT planned earlier, and this will be 
operational by Q4 FY24. 
Based on the evolving demand and capacity put up by ACC Cell Manufacturers as 
well as international customers from Japan, Korea, Europe and USA - we have seen 
interest across the globe - we also propose incremental expansion plans for Battery 
Chemicals which are now under consideration. The Electrolyte capacity will be 
increased to 1,000 MT and this will be operational by Q1/ Q2 FY25. The greenfield 
expansion of Electrolyte Salts is now increased to 3,000 MT of electrolyte salts. The 
greenfield expansion will be at a new site, which will be dedicated to battery 
materials and new business opportunities. At the new site, we are planning an 
additional 30,000 MT of Electrolyte capacity and a 3,000 MT of Electrolyte Salts 
capacity. Together, the plan is that, from our original plan of 10,000 metric tonnes 
of Electrolyte, we are increasing that to 30,000 plus 2,000, so 32,000 metric tonnes 
and our earlier plan of electrolyte salt from 2,000 metric tonnes total, we are 
increasing to 4,000 metric tonnes. So we are doubling this, and the additional 
greenfield site also should be operational by 2025 calendar year or Q2/Q3, FY26. 
The Electrolyte salt will utilise MUIS manufacturing technology, while the 
Electrolyte salt will be based on our own technology. 
Let me conclude by saying that we are excited about the next phase of growth that 
lies ahead and are well poised to garner a significant share in Battery Chemicals 
space given our domain expertise. Various initiatives undertaken in the past will 
bolster our offerings, strengthen our market position and relationships with our 
valued customers. Neogen will continue to leverage its expertise in complex 
chemistries and R&D to deliver sustained performance and enhance value for all 
the stakeholders. 
That ends my opening thoughts. I would now request our CFO – Mr. Ketan Vyas to 
share financial highlights for the period under review. 

 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
Ketan Vyas: 
Thank you, Dr. Harin. Good evening everyone and welcome to the Q2 FY24 earnings 
call. I will take you through the key financial highlights. Please note that these are 
on a Consolidated basis and based on a year-on-year comparison. 
We reported revenues at Rs. 161.7 crore, depicting a growth of 9% over the last 
year. While external pressures, such as, inventory de-stocking, slowdown in key 
export markets and geopolitical uncertainties prevailed, the Company maintained 
its revenue momentum. It witnessed gains from recent capacity expansion, stable 
demand for key products and higher contributions from BuLi Chem.  
Organic Chemicals saw revenue growth of 24% at Rs. 124 crore, whereas Inorganic 
Chemicals noted a decline in revenues by 21% at Rs. 39 crore. As highlighted by Dr. 
Harin, decline in revenues in Inorganic Chemicals was mainly due to historically high 
lithium prices in the same period last year, which has now come closer to 
normalised level. 
The domestic and export mix stood at 69% and 31%, respectively. 
EBITDA increased by 7% at Rs. 25.9 crore fuelled by an enhanced product mix and 
a lower RM and key input costs.   
PAT saw a decline of 20%, at Rs. 7.9 crore. This was due to rise in finance costs and 
depreciation associated with ongoing CAPEX initiatives. Our strategic debt 
repayment from the recent fundraise will lead to a reduction in finance costs in the 
short term. 
That concludes the financial highlights.  
I will now request the moderator to open the forum for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Noyan Vas from Union 
Asset. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
Noyan Vas: 
Yes, I just want to clarify a couple of things. Just to get some sense of the 
Electrolytes and the salts business, are the customer approvals expected for salts 
in fourth quarter or are we expecting Electrolyte approvals in fourth quarter? 
Harin Kanani: 
Hi, thanks for the question. For both, salts as well as Electrolytes, several of our 
customers have already approved our lab-based samples. And for the salts, in Q4, 
a part of the section of our Phase 1 of electrolyte salts (facility) has already started 
some trial production and is likely to stabilise by December. Similarly, the second 
phase also will be ready by the end of December with some trial production. So we 
expect by Q4, we will start getting approval for the salts. 
 
Similarly, in Q4 we are also expecting the electrolyte facility to be ready. And some 
of the customers may want to audit this facility. We already have some non-binding 
MOUs in place for some trial quality which companies want us to produce. And we 
expect by Q4 (FY24) or Q1(FY25), our electrolyte sales also can start from the 2,000 
metric tonne electrolyte line. So earlier we were going to make 1,000 tonnes, then 
5,000, then 10,000. But looking at the current demand scenario, we have decided 
that instead of 1,000 (we will) directly do 2,000 metric tonnes at our DAHEJ-SEZ 
site. And then from 2,000, we will directly go to 30,000. So this 2000 metric tonnes 
per annum line will be installed in Q4. And either Q4 current financial year or Q1 
next, we will start to see revenues coming in from there. 
Noyan Vas: 
Okay. And just to clarify on working capital. How much are we expecting it to, 
because considering the fact that we are now starting off this new business, how 
should we see working capital move closer at the end of the financial year? And 
what should be the steady state going forward? 
Harin Kanani: 
So I think, you know, again, the last six months have been very, very volatile. We 
had made some plans, but the demand has been much lower as compared to what 
we had expected. This has affected our plans to improve working capital amount. 
So if you look at our last year’s performance in the first six months, the working 
capital was, significantly the operating cash flow was negative. In the second half, 
we were able to do a positive cash flow and overall for the year while it was 

 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
negative, there was an improvement. Similarly, we will aim in the second half of the 
current year also to improve operating cash flow. However, things are very volatile. 
Of course, our aim remains that as business is stabilised, we would like to go to 
around 120-130 days on net sales basis inventory, which we had; and the debtors 
between 60 to 90 days and creditors around 60 to 75 days, what used to be 
Neogen's normal working capital cycle. And then as we hit full utilisation levels and 
have bigger molecules improve upon that. We will try to achieve these numbers. 
But just with the kind of volatility we have, we have not been able to execute our 
plans fully. You would though expect an improvement in the second half as 
compared to the first half, just as we had in last year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nilesh Ghuge from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Yes. Hi. Hi, Dr. Harin. Hi, Ketan. So my first question is on battery chemicals. It is 
good to hear from you that from 10,000 MT, you are planning to raise your capacity 
to 30,000 MT. And also in your indigenously developed Electrolyte business, you 
are expanding capacity from 1,000 to 2,000 MT.  What gives you this confidence? 
Is there any agreement signed (with any customer), or are there chances that you 
believe agreements will be signed for such a huge capacity?  
Harin Kanani: 
Sure. There are three aspects. Our own Electrolytes, which we have to start, where 
we have increased from 1,000 MT to 2,000 MT. We have talked to three to four 
customers who are now quite certain that in 2024 calendar year, they are going to 
start their cell production, may be at a half a giga/one giga kind of a level. So we 
are seeing a clear demand. And we have one international customer where the 
demand is not very large, but they have already signed an MOU and they are just 
waiting for their production line to stabilise. So once that happens, you know, they 
will basically be needing this. 
 
This gave us clarity on 2024, with three to four customers, very keen to start 
working with Neogen. So we are very sure that between them, 2,000 MT, that is 
just two gigawatt hour. So we thought with this bare minimum capacity (of) two 

 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
gigawatt hour, we should have to basically take care of the initial demands of this 
customer. 
 
Now, the larger demand, which is basically what we are building with Mitsubishi 
technology. We have again seen two or three large giga players make significant 
advances. So we keep talking to them about what is the status of their equipment, 
how they are doing. At least two of them are very confident to start in 2024 towards 
second half and ramp up in 2025. And the third one also is likely to start sometime 
towards the end of 2025 or early 2026. So with these guys who are coming up with 
giga capacity and scaling up, and so far, the work has been going more or less as 
per their plans. We are more confident that the demand for the Electrolyte, at a 
large giga scale, is going to come to India and the demand will start. Further, we 
have seen many international players also wanting to come to India. So as we get 
into 2026-27, some of the international customers also may start having demand 
for their plants in India. 
 
Again, if we are ready with a 30 gigawatt hour, we can do a very seamless approval 
with a track record of these. The last consideration in this decision is that whatever 
initial design considerations and discussions we had from MUIS, we felt that instead 
of 10,000 tonnes, when we go to 30,000 MT, the capex does not become three 
times, right? There is a significant saving when we do further scale-up. So by doing 
that our capex efficiency per tonne improves. And therefore, our ability to be more 
competitive improves. So I think with all these considerations, we made a decision 
to directly go from 2,000 to 30,000 tonnes. 
 
We have seen in the interim that 2,000 MT is really needed. It depends on exactly 
when 30,000 MT starts and when the giga factory scales up. So if needed, the 2,000 
MT, we might scale up to three or four, but we feel they should take care of the 
early demands of the customers and the 30,000 MT will come on time to take care 
of their larger requirements. 
 
The last bit is on the salts side, where originally we had said we will start with 400 
tonnes. This may be delayed by a couple of months, but it is starting. And we have 

 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
seen tremendous interest in that facility. We had said that we will increase this to 
1,000 metric tonnes in Dahej. That plan remains on schedule. There is no change in 
that. The expansion which we were going to do in the greenfield, where we were 
going to add another 1,000 MT, that we have now changed to 3,000 MT, and this is 
largely depending on the demand that we saw from customers in Japan, Korea, 
Europe, U.S. Almost all geographies are very keen to have a non-China Electrolyte 
salt supplier. So what was our plan B is becoming almost like plan A. Especially the 
U.S. requires this in 2025 when they are not allowed to use Electrolyte salts from 
China. Therefore, we have ramped up from 1,000 to 4,000 MT, which can take care 
of the initial demands of these international customers. And to be honest, this 
demand keeps evolving. We keep having customer visits. Every month we are 
meeting new customers or new customers are visiting our demo facility. And most 
of them have gotten confidence and are now further discussing more concrete 
action plans. This gives us confidence to increase both the Electrolyte salts and 
Electrolyte capacity. Sorry, we gave a bit longer answer, but I hope it clarifies the 
thought behind (our decision). 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
No, thanks, Harin. Thanks for the detailed answer. But can you just throw light on 
the capex front? How much capex will you incur? Any ballpark number? 
Harin Kanani: 
We have doubled our Electrolyte salt from what we had said earlier, and our 
Electrolyte capacity, we have (increased) three times. So, if you just go ballpark, just 
on scale, it will be sometimes two and a half to three times - between two and a 
half to three times when we are doing this. But like I said, because there are 
efficiencies involved, it has to be lower. So we are expecting somewhere between 
two to two and a half times of what we had said earlier, which was about Rs. 450 
crore. But the exact number we will be able to tell you once Mitsubishi finishes their 
design. Once we have the design (which is) expected (by) December. So hopefully 
before the February call, we will have more clarity on that and we will be able to 
give you the exact capex number. But the current estimate is between two to two 
and a half times, so somewhere between, let us say, for Rs. 450 crore, from Rs. 900 

 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
-1,100 crore, somewhere in that range. But the exact number we will be able to 
give once we have the Mitsubishi design finalised. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And as you said, that for a huge capacity, as you mentioned, that for a 30K 
TPA, two, three large significant players are coming. They are planning to ramp up 
in FY25. So at what stage is the approval process with the large gigawatt power, the 
Electrolyte battery manufacturers? I am not talking about the small ones (but) the 
large ones. 
Harin Kanani: 
For the large guys, we have been providing them with samples. Like I said, some of 
them have been testing our samples for almost more than a year. Some of them 
sometimes have to struggle because they were dependent on their technology 
partner. But now two of them have already evaluated our samples and they are 
now working with their technology partners for their final approvals. 
And one of them, we are still working with them and their technology partner 
because the technology partner is not willing to share the recipe. So we are working 
on somehow how we can give comfort to their technology partner to share the 
recipe with Neogen. So once that happens, we can submit the sample. I feel we 
have enough time. And one good thing about it is that it is just a question of the 
recipe. Most of the customers are quite convinced that with the plant being made 
by Mitsubishi design, they do not have a question or worry about the quality of the 
electrolyte being made. So they just feel it is just going to be a procedure. So we 
are just discussing more on the other aspects – on the timing, on the size, minimum 
volume commitment, what kind of formula pricing we can have and stuff like that. 
So those are the major discussions. And in some cases, how do we get the recipe 
from their technology partner if they are not willing to share and how can Neogen 
help them find a solution around that. All of them fortunately have said that they 
want localisation because they have all realised that Electrolyte is going to be very 
complicated to directly import. 

 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. So just one clarification. You said that you have already supplied the samples. 
You are working with those customers since last one year. But we signed this 
contract with the MUIS just six months back. So I am just confused. 
Harin Kanani: 
No. So we were making samples on our own. And earlier the proposal was that, we 
were going to supply to them the Electrolytes from that 1,000, 5,000, 10,000 MT 
plant, correct? But we are already making samples in our – so we have a lab facility 
where we can make 200 kg of Electrolytes per month and from that facility we keep 
submitting samples.  
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And what kind of involvement Mitsubishi has while marketing these 
products? Are they completely involved? Do they come along with Neogen 
Chemicals while marketing this product? Or they are just a technology supplier as 
far as this whole process is concerned? 
Harin Kanani: 
As I said, in the agreement, one part is the Electrolyte. How to make Electrolyte, 
and the technology of the plant, which is what they are giving to us. Basically we 
are the end user of that. So there is no marketing of that. But they are also 
approaching some of these customers to convince them to use Mitsubishi recipe. 
So that is the second bit where, like, there are some customers whom we have 
contacted, and there are some customers who are already in contact with 
Mitsubishi. So basically, together, we are making it - trying to convince these 
customers to use a Mitsubishi recipe and share the advantages of Mitsubishi recipe. 
But, again, that is something which is an ongoing process. Some of them may start 
with their existing tech provider recipe and then switch over to Mitsubishi. But 
some of them right from the beginning may use Mitsubishi. So that is something 
which the customers are evaluating. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And, Harin, let us say as of now, there could be N number of recipes available 
with Mitsubishi or may be in the market. With evolvement of technology, suppose 
there could be some recipes come up over the next, let us say, five, 10 years. Will 
Mitsubishi help us, or can Neogen go back to Mitsubishi and get those new recipes 
from them? Is there such a kind of a clause in your agreement? 

 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
Harin Kanani: 
So we are already actively working in a way where if a customer has a particular cell 
design, we are gathering all the information going to Mitsubishi and then Mitsubishi 
will recommend to us which kind of recipe would work best for the customer. That 
is something which we are currently doing. And, like I said, the second bit on the 
recipe agreement…the final details and the clauses of these are being worked out. 
That is a separate agreement about technical support and recipe, which is still being 
discussed. But we both are actively working until all the details and the contours of 
those will get worked out. 
Nilesh Ghuge: 
Okay. And my second question is on our organic chemical business. So organic 
chemical business grew by about 25% Y-o-Y. However, if I break up between the, or 
I knock off the BuLi Chemicals revenue from this quarter - 50% growth can be 
attributed to BuLi Chemicals. So did the traditional business - organic business - 
grew just about 13%? What percentage of this growth is volume driven? I am talking 
about the traditional organic business, ex- BuLi Chemicals. 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes. The traditional business in volume terms has grown more. It is just that some 
of the rates, like especially because of bromine, have gone down. And we have seen 
even higher rates of this in lithium. Even though there is a volume increase, but 
because of the significant reduction in lithium prices, we have seen reduction, 
because last time this business was lower. But the main impact that we are having, 
see we are guided for Rs. 800 - 900 crore kind of revenue. And in that, we said if 
the lithium prices are softer, it will be closer to Rs. 800. And when we are thinking 
of Rs. 800, we have to think of last year's revenue not as Rs. 680, but Rs. 600/Rs. 
610, which is what it would have been if the lithium prices would have remained 
stronger. So again, Rs. 610, when we wanted to do that Rs.  800, our organic should 
have been at Rs. 150 crore per quarter by now. But the fact that bromine prices 
have reduced that, and the other raw material prices also have reduced, so the de-
growth because of that, and also the lower demand is why we are still not at a full 
utilisation level. This is the impact that we are having, that ideally organic should 
have been at, if the rates remain same, if the demand remains same, it was Rs. 150 
crore plus BuLi Chem somewhere around Rs. 10 crore, Rs. 15 crore. So that is Rs. 

 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
160 crore/Rs. 165 crore. Let us say around Rs. 165 crore odd is the max potential of 
the organic chemical. Against that, we have just done Rs. 124 crore. 
That is where we are heading, and we need to do a better job. And we are working 
very hard. Of course, the markets also need to improve. But from our side, we are 
trying to work on more molecules. We started working a little bit more aggressively 
on the flavours and fragrance side, and are trying to go back to some of the older 
molecules, which we have not done for quite a while, and see if we can get some 
of this business. So this is something which we are trying, and let us see what best 
we can do with the demand that we have in the next six months. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Yes. Hi. Good evening Dr. Harin. Thanks for taking my questions. Just had two - 
three of them, if you don't mind. One was, I really wanted to get your thoughts on 
this whole noise about solid-state batteries that is going around in the world 
markets in the recent past. Toyota has spoken about some technology that is fairly 
imminent, apparently. So in that context, how do you see the technology adoption 
shaping up in this industry in EV batteries in the coming years? And in terms of our 
marriage with a particular technology, do we have the flexibility to change in case 
technology changes? How do you see this whole shaping up? 
Harin Kanani: 
Generally most of the people who are working with batteries and on the EVs, one 
of the primary concerns for them is testing. And especially when you are talking of 
EV testing in a real-world kind of an application. And, the safety of the battery. The 
solid-state batteries are still very nascent. There are many technologies. 
Technologies are getting finalised. Yes, Toyota has done some tie-up, and they are 
quite confident. And they might do a lot. But most of the time, the way this 
technology will spread is, like, you launch one model in one particular geography. 
Then you take it to more models. Then you take it to more geographies. And then, 
after the innovators start, everybody else comes. So most of the people, be it 

 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
scientists, be it industry veterans, none of them see solid-state becoming a 
significant play before 2030.  
The other thing about the solid-state is also going to be the cost of manufacturing 
and the technology for manufacturing. While you can make small, but large-scale 
production of these is still a big challenge. So therefore, until 2030, some people 
say 10 years, some say 2030, solid-state will not be very significant. If at all, they 
are saying it will be more for where you want a higher-range or a higher-cost kind 
of model. We also have looked at what is required in solid-state. Of course, right 
now, we just have our plate full just with the traditional one. But, like, in our R&D 
moment, some of our solid additives, which we are seeing strong demand for 
Electrolytes, these are set. We will also be ready whenever solid-state batteries 
come. But for a large-scale adoption, it is still time - seven to 10 years. 
Abhijit Akella: 
That's great to hear. Thanks for that. Also, one other thing I just wanted to check 
was, in Europe, for example, there are some concerns that EV adoption itself is may 
be lagging behind the original expectations because of various reasons. May be in 
a place like India, it could even be because of, absence of, a shortage of charging 
infrastructure, etcetera. So in that context, how do you see the adoption curve 
shaping up in India in the coming years? 
Harin Kanani: 
What most people, when they estimate, they say 30% penetration, for example, in 
India and by 2030, and globally, may be between 35% to 40%, by 2030. This is the 
number which most of the people, be it the mining companies or the other trade 
estimates which I have seen. So this is a number which fairly everybody believes in. 
If I actually add up the OEMs or the battery makers’ numbers, they are actually 
going much higher than this. So if I just add up - I met all the Indian battery guys, 
and somebody said capacity X, somebody said Y - if I add all of that, the number is 
actually two times of that. But even if we go with this, this is something which is 
what has been based upon, and I think that is not a very difficult number. I mean, I 
do not know, but one of the numbers which I recently saw in three-wheelers, we 
are already in new car sales, new three-wheeler sales, we are already at 80%-plus 
kind of numbers which are estimated for the current year. So I personally still do 

 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
not see this as a big challenge to that 30%. If the 30% become 25%/27%, it would 
still not make a very big impact, because especially for India, we are starting from 
zero. So if we are at that 30%, 150 gigawatt hour, the electrolyte demand is going 
to be 150,000 metric tonnes. So it will just basically change the decision that when 
we go from 30 to whatever - 50/60/70 next - what will be the speed of that? So it 
is something which is what I need to consider when we are doing future capex 
beyond this 30%. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Perfect. Just one other thing. On the quarterly numbers, we have got some 20% 
odd growth in organic and 20% odd decline in inorganic. Would it be possible to 
just share the volume versus price breakdown in each of these roughly, if that is 
possible. 
Harin Kanani: 
With the product mix we have, you know, it becomes very challenging, but, I can 
say both, from our utilisation levels as well as the volumes that I see, we have a 
volume increase, but we are not able to give you exact percentage volume 
increases because the product mix keeps changing so much. So it is very difficult to 
compare. Like, you know, if I am selling 10 tonnes of one-stage molecule versus 2 
tonnes of eighth-stage, how do you compare volume? So that is why it is a bit more 
challenging to do. But overall, the way we see it, there was a significant decline in 
the raw material rates. So that is there. And in spite of that, then we have given 
24%. So if I were to look at a volume growth, effectively, it is more than 24% in the 
organic. And just for inorganic, you know, in case, like, if this helps you, so this year, 
we basically have done around…Rs. 39 crore against Rs. 49 crore. But just a year 
before, when the prices were normal, it was Rs. 22 crore. So if you look at our FY22 
Q2 numbers, it was Rs. 22 crore when lithium price was more or less normal. We 
are almost double of that. If you remove last year, when the prices were very, very 
high, we are still double of that. That is a good growth, and we are seeing good 
interest in companies internationally, which want to have Neogen as a backup 
source. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Perfect. Perfect. That is helpful. Just one last thing. 

 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. We request you to please rejoin the question queue for follow-
up questions. Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Jason Soans 
from IDBI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Thank you for taking my question. First of all, I just would want to confirm the 
capacity expansions which you mentioned. So Lithium Salts, you said you were 
expanding from 2,000 MT to 4,000 MT, and Electrolytes is from 10,000 to 32,000 
MT with the MUIS technology and Lithium Salts with your own technology. Is that 
right? 
Harin Kanani: 
That's right. Just a clarification in that 32,000 MT. The 2,000 MT will be with our 
own and the 30,000 MT is with the MUIS. 
Jason Soans: 
And Lithium Salts from 2,000 MT to 4,000 MT. Is that right? 
Harin Kanani: 
Out of that, 1,000 MT will be in our existing site and 3,000 MT will be in the 
greenfield site. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. And you also mentioned about capex. Of course, initially we had a plan of Rs. 
450 crore of capex before the MUIS agreement. Now, you alluded to that the capex 
will be probably around Rs.  900 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore. And this will completely 
take care of the entire expansion. Is that right? So Rs. 900 crore to Rs. 1,000 crore 
of capex for the 30,000 MT? 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes, right now it is just an estimate because I am (not) able to give you the exact 
number. But what we are saying is, my expectation is between 2 to 2.5 times for 
this. So it is somewhere between Rs.  900 - Rs. 1,100 crore - is what I said. So in that 
range is what we are expecting, more or less. 
Jason Soans: 
But that is for the entire expansion, right? 
Harin Kanani: 
For everything, yes. 
Jason Soans: 
For everything, for everything. Okay, sir. And sir, just would want to know, you did 
speak about getting a lot of traction from a lot of customers - Japanese, Europe, 

 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Korean customers. Now, again, in the current scenario, we are also seeing a lot of 
Chinese dumping in a host of other chemicals. So I just wanted to know from, of 
course, de-risking is one thing, and China Plus One is a theme. But just when you 
look at from a long-term, do you see some competition coming in from China, 
pressures on Electrolytes, since you are adding a lot of capacity in that sense, and 
China probably will be one of the most cost-competitive producers that is a well-
known fact. So how do you see this picture shaping up in the long-term? 
Harin Kanani: 
There are two parts. One is Electrolytes for India, and Electrolytes salts for the 
world. When we are talking of Electrolytes for India, we feel here localisation has 
two benefits. One is just the complexity of handling Electrolytes, ISO tanks 
internationally is very, very complicated. And sometimes the quality also gets 
degraded. Worldwide, these Electrolytes are always made locally. So if I take the 
biggest Japanese producer, which is MUIS, they also went and set up plants in each 
and every continent. If I look at some of the Korean electrolyte producers, they are 
also setting up plants in all the parts of the continent, rather than just have one 
large plant from where they will supply. 
So therefore, you know, the competition, if at all comes, they have to come to India 
and set up a plant. And right now, no one has come. Now if anybody comes, they 
will be a little bit delayed. So right now, that is the reason why if a Chinese guy has 
to come, set up a plant in India, that is when they will be able to really compete 
with us. I am not saying they cannot do it, but that is the way. And with today's 
scenario, it is very difficult even for them to come set up a plant here, set up all the 
supply chain in here. That is one part.  
The second is because we are making, starting just what is coming out of mine and 
we are doing all the value addition in India. Therefore, the companies which are PLI 
beneficiaries for whom the local value addition is a key criteria…we are able to take 
care of their requirements. So this PLI benefit, the need for localisation; and the 
third thing in electrolyte is basically that the customer wants a knowledge partner 
because cost-wise, it is not that much, but the criticality of this is very important. 
So having a Mitsubishi, Su-1 technology, we working with them for the last one, 

 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
one and a half year, hopefully also working to give them a recipe which will improve 
their self-performance. So I think all of these make our electrolyte play very strong. 
Now, we will be able to take care of the Chinese competition. I am not saying we 
will not be completely affected by them. I mean, they will be there. But what I am 
saying is that we will have at least a significant market share, especially for India 
Electrolyte demand.  
Now the second bit is Electrolyte salts, for which we are basically targeting the 
world. Now in this, there are only two things we can support. One is de-risk from 
China. And the second is that the US has put a very strong trade barrier in the form 
of IRA in which they have said that to ensure that supply chain is not concentrated, 
as per the IRA rules, there are foreign countries of concern and from these 
countries, your critical mineral cannot be processed and coming. Therefore, most 
of the cell producers or Electrolyte producers who are part of the US value chain, 
want to have a salt alternate or additive alternate, which is free of China. Not only 
just my Electrolyte salt, but even my raw materials, which I am buying, also have to 
be completely free from China, all the way up to the mine. I think this is a strong 
message. These are the two things which are generating a lot of interest. So as long 
as this continues, this is where Neogen can add value. What we have also gotten as 
feedback is that while of course, sometimes China prices are very low but outside 
China, India has been one of the good destinations and a very competitive 
destination where, with our background, we can add capacities faster. Other 
geographies where the salt alternate - Korea and Japan - it takes a little bit longer 
to add capacity. I think this is a strong point which is attracting most of the 
customers. And they are very, very keen to work with us. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. Just finally… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. We request you to please rejoin the queue. Thank you. The next 
question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj FinServ Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Hi, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I have two questions. First is, on the 
working capital situation and we are still not being able to generate positive OCF. 
And the kind of capex burden that we are seeing close to, you mentioned Rs. 900 
crore to Rs. 1,100 crore. How do we plan to fund such a huge capex? Will some of 
our partners help us? Will they partially fund? And how are you looking at it and 
what would be the timeline of this - capex amount of Rs. 900 crore to probably Rs. 
1,100 crore? 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes. This timeline - it gets over second half of FY26. So it is whatever is remaining 
FY24/25, and may be two or three quarters of FY26. It is going to be spread over 
seven to eight quarters. But we hear you, and one of the reasons what we have 
done is we have raised this additional Rs. 253 crore, which will partly give us some 
breathing time till the regular business stabilises. And we are quite confident. It is 
just these last six months have been very, very difficult, whatever we plan on one 
molecule, but suddenly the demand in that goes away like even BuLi Chem also 
when we started. That is also stabilising now. So there are also some of the biggest 
customers who basically were the biggest customers for Livent. So the time we have 
bought it, we have zero demand. In spite of that, in the first quarter itself, we were 
able to add revenue more or less in line with what can be good revenue. We were 
also able to break even in the first quarter itself in spite of the top customers not 
being there, our samples were still getting approved. There are a lot of things 
happening, but in the second half we will try to improve on that. But over the next 
seven/eight quarters, we will keep evaluating. We are very sure about the business 
that, we are again very sure, that we do not want to do any of this at a new risk. So 
our target remains at 1.25 debt-equity ratio. Anytime we feel we need to raise more 
funds or we need to evaluate options with partners who would like to fund this 
together, we will remain open to that.  And we will also keep watching how the 
Pharma and Agro will improve. Most of the people I have talked to expect Pharma 
to start improving from Q4 of the current financial year. And we have also seen 
signs of some of the customers’ interest. But we will see whether that is sustained 
all the way till the end of next year; how the whole next year pans out. But we will 

 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
keep evaluating options where it is needed to make sure that our cash flows are 
basically being managed. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Sorry, just a follow up here. The entire 30,000 tonnes of capacity in Electrolyte and 
4,000 tonnes of salt capacity, we are aiming to be done with by the end of CY25? 
Are we gunning for that? 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes. You mean calendar year 25, right? 
Sabyasachi Mukerji 
Yes. Yes. Yes. 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes. So that is currently the target. Again, the 30,000 MT we will basically see phase 
out some of the sections. So it will depend on the final. By the time we get there, 
we will see if the demand is still lower or if India, in case there is any delay, we can 
figure it out further. But currently we are preparing ourselves to complete it by 
calendar year 25, basically by second or third quarter of FY 26. Because we expect 
by calendar year 25, at least three to four giga companies getting ready for scale 
up. And we also see some of the international guys who would like to come in 26. 
So if we are ready in calendar year 25, then we can be their supplier from the 
beginning. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. My second question is, we have seen a sharp increase in employee expenses 
this quarter. I think the run rate was somewhere around Rs. 12 crore/ Rs. 13 crore. 
It has gone to probably Rs. 17 crore/close to Rs.  18 crore. Have we done some top 
level hiring in the battery chemicals business? And what would be the stable run 
rate going ahead? 
Harin Kanani: 
It is two/three things. One is the addition of BuLi Chem. As you would remember, 
we acquired BuLi Chem towards the end of May. So in the previous quarter, it was 
there only for one month, but there were around 50-odd employees which got 
added. So there is some jump in it because of that. And the increments which we 
did, these were also done in the second quarter. 
We are now getting ready to start building teams for BuLi Chem. Of course, some 
of it is right now more project related and capitalised, but other leadership teams 

 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
also will start. So we will do that. I do not have an exact/absolute number, but our 
safe target is around 7% to 8% of the revenue. What is right now working is that, 
like I said, we should have been doing our organic at around Rs. 150 crore/Rs. 160 
crore, if everything was going right as per our plan. So that is a little bit delayed, 
hitting the peak utilisation level. We keep planning our recruitment as much as 
possible to basically remain within a reasonable number. But ultimately on a stable 
basis, we are looking at, at least for now, whatever historic was 7%/8% of the net 
sales as an employee expense. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So does it change - the Rs. 140 crore/Rs. 145 crore of EBITDA number that we are 
probably targeting for FY 24 - do you still stick to that number? 
Harin Kanani: 
Our FY 24 was Rs. 800 crore - at around 18%. Again, it looks a little bit difficult for 
us to do Rs. 800 crore at 18.5% today. Just because if you look at the first six months, 
we have done hardly around Rs.  335 crore. And the run rate becomes very high for 
the remaining two quarters. And at least Q3, I am not expecting a very large jump. 
So Q3, we will see slightly better contribution coming in from , BuLi Chemicals, 
because the other pharma customers are now coming and we are also expecting 
international approval. 
And Q4, we will have battery revenue kick-in. But it looks a little bit difficult to get 
to that Rs. 800 crore kind of number. The number that we had on a stable lithium 
price. Right now the way it looks, somewhere in the range of Rs. 700 crore/Rs. 725 
crore would be a good number unless we see a very sharp recovery in Q4. Again, 
we still want to try our best to reach that. But the way the last six months have 
gone, that Rs. 140 crore number looks a little bit of a challenge at present. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it, sir. Thank you. All the best, that is it from my side. 
Harin Kanani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anirudh Shetty from Solidarity 
Investment Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is, in our battery chemical 
business, particularly given that lithium prices are so volatile, is it fair to assume 
that our profitability will largely be immune to this? Because whatever contracts 
we enter into with our customers, we will lock in the raw material price beforehand 
and so in a way we will hedge ourselves. Is that a fair assumption to work with? 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes, with a slight correction. We will not lock in the lithium price, but it will be 
basically some kind of an Index-based price. And we will have a back-to-back price 
reset clauses based on Index prices. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And given that prices can be volatile, margins might be a bit misleading 
because the sales realisation, moves in tandem. So if one just looks at your business 
on a per-tonne basis, then what is the right - for Electrolytes and electro-salt 
business separately - what is the right gross profit per tonne, or the right EBITDA 
per tonne that one should look at as the most steady-state number? 
Harin Kanani: 
Well, there are two things. You are right that the percentages will keep varying 
because of two things. One as you said, was the lithium price and the other raw 
material prices also can have bottlenecks and therefore the price can fluctuate 
significantly. The other thing is, as your volumes ramp-up, as I explained earlier, 
when you increase your capacity 3x, your capex does not go 3x, right? So as the 
volumes go, there is also going to be some price changes which has happened 
because of volumes. So the way I am seeing at least this business is more going to 
be driven by what are the ROCEs that you are able to generate. Because ultimately, 
as you have capex efficiency, your competitors are also going to have capex 
efficiency. And what any good businessman would do is to basically protect the 
ROCE and try to get as much maximum market share while protecting the ROCE. So 
I think this is a business where ROE and ROCE, are going to be the key factors. We 
would like ROCE to be upward of 20%. We like to model and try to get prices of 
ROCE above 20%. But as I have said in the past, for Electrolytes, at least, today there 
is no buyer, there is no customer in this business. And if you look globally, the way 
the electrolyte prices are in China, the way the prices are in Europe, Japan, and US, 
the cheapest and the costliest, there is 2x to 3x difference in the Electrolyte price. 

 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
Part of it is also the performance. So sometimes if you have a very high performing 
battery, customers might give you a higher price depending on the additives. So 
that is why, if you have a very good recipe from Mitsubishi which is benefiting our 
customer, it can really help us. 
So I think we will see where the market comes. But at least on the Neogen side, our 
intention would be to try to get a 20%-plus kind of an ROC. Let us see. Only once 
the market really stabilises, we will be able to say where exactly it is going. But I 
would say, more than per tonne or more than percentage, it is the ROCE which is 
going to drive this business. This is my own assumption. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Fair enough. And is 20% post-tax? Is that a fair understanding? 
Harin Kanani: 
No, I have thought of it as pre-tax. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Okay. And just a follow-up to the earlier question around the solid-state batteries 
and everything. My broader question is, what do you think is actually a technology 
risk to our business, our battery chemical business, keeping in mind that there are 
certain changes that we can do in our formulation to keep up with changing 
technologies like solid-state batteries. Under what situation do you feel that there 
is a technology risk which we cannot adapt to? 
Harin Kanani: 
See, the only technology risk is, I told you that, for example, solid-state batteries 
are going to take seven years/10 years. And this is what the rest of the world is 
thinking. Again, the way it will work is, I mean, there will be a new technology which 
can come. But will it, that technology, will it take away 100% market share of 
batteries within the next two years? That's not possible with the amount of 
investment which is happening. So we are right now very safe other than solid-state 
batteries. Whatever, whenever you require a liquid Electrolyte, whether it is a 
sodium ion, whether it is a lithium ion, may be tomorrow even flow chemistry, 
vanadium, all of those with slight modification of my plant, the skill set that we 
have, how to remove metals, how to make it very pure, less than one ppm 
impurities, how do we control moisture, how do we pack and transport this, how 

 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
do we keep them stable, how do we test the performance of this battery…all of 
these skill sets that we have is always going to be useful. 
Now, when we think of solid-state batteries six years or seven years down the line, 
that is really the scale question, that as it adopts, you stop increasing capacity on 
the electrolyte, liquid electrolyte, and start putting more capacities of the solid. So 
the way I see it, if you are talking of a 10-year, 20-year period, we have to keep 
watching the market, keep adding Electrolyte capacities beyond this 30K, and when 
we do that beyond 30K MT, whenever I am doing from 30 to 50, from 50 to 70, 
etcetera, that is the time every time I will have to ask myself that how long is this 
going to be sustainable. 
And in parallel, I will also have to start building solid-state batteries. In fact, if you 
have seen Electrolytes are catching up. I mean Mitsubishi made liquid Electrolytes 
30 years ago, right? There are some other Korean companies which have made it 
15 years ago, 20 years ago. As compared to that, we are just going to start making 
it. So there is one decade/two decades. So with the knowledge that we have, with 
the connections that we have, in solid-state, we hope instead of decades, we are 
talking of a couple of years, right? So we will be ready much in time. So how our 
liquid Electrolyte capacities will scale and how our solid-state will scale, that is 
something which will depend on how the technology adapts. And again, the 
amount that we are investing, even in a worst-case scenario, there is going to be at 
least 30 gigawatt hour of Electrolyte requirement, whether it is India or somewhere 
else. So it is not something that you worry about. In my view, it is more a question 
of, it is something which you will consider when you are scaling up your plants, 
whether it is liquid and solid. And yes, as and when solid comes, you will be ready 
for it. 
Anirudh Shetty: 
Got it. And just one final question. You know, I just want to understand... 
Moderator: 
I’m so sorry to interrupt. We request you to please re-join the queue for follow-up 
questions. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from 
Centrum Broking. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Thank you. The first question is on the supply chain. Electrolyte salt to Electrolyte 
formulation. And all the components or all the raw materials required for the same. 
How are we placed for the entire supply chain? And given that you also alluded to 
the US, where the IRA regulation is changing. So if we were to supply these 
Electrolytes to a US-based company, all the supply chain has to be completely away 
from China or given that they have the largest reserves of the rare earth metals plus 
other key starting materials, how are we going to tackle this? And from the 
capacities perspective, are we already in talks with the suppliers from supply 
continuity perspective, given that there may be other players who also would be 
looking at simultaneously putting up capacities? Thank you. 
Harin Kanani: 
First of all, when you are thinking of IRA, we are not talking about Electrolytes. We 
are only talking about Electrolyte salts. Electrolyte salts fortunately require - 
because we are starting from scratch and doing things - it basically requires just 
three or four raw materials. And again, depending on - I am talking about right now 
multiple salts - most of these salts, like lithium is one of the key one in that, Neogen 
has been buying lithium China-free for last 30 years. We have good relationship 
with these guys and we have already talked. And because Electrolyte takes 
relatively lesser quantity of lithium, as compared to cathode material or something, 
the quantities or the volumes which we are talking about, our lithium suppliers are 
very happy. They are ready to get into long-term agreements. Even now, it says that 
we need a customer who gives us a back-to-back assurance because they would 
want a minimum quantity guarantee. So if a customer gives me a minimum quantity 
update, I can go and get a minimum uptake lithium and we can tie into that. 
The other raw materials are also required for lithium salts. We have worked out 
with our existing suppliers with whom we have been working for the last two/three 
years. We have multiple sources and they can be China free. Right to the level of 
the mine. So we can meet the international IRA requirements when it comes to 
lithium salts, which is relevant from an IRA perspective. 
When it comes to India's demand of Electrolyte, the salt, whatever we have said 
remains true. We can be completely China free. For the solvent and the additives, 

 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
most of the lithium additives one-by-one, we are making on our own because that 
is also something which is needed by the international community and requires to 
be IRA compliant. So we do not have a challenge there. 
Some of the things which you mentioned like rare earth…thankfully rare earths are 
not required for Electrolyte, any raw material anywhere. So we do not have that 
dependency on China. We do have dependency for solvents needed for Electrolytes 
because while we have European and Japanese and Korean sources for that, 
sometimes the capacity is not enough. And we have to rely on China. Although, 
there are Indian companies which have already taken lead. This is basically 
petrochemical kind of molecule who have plans to basically put capacity in next two 
to three year period. 
And we have built such capacity that even if the Indian guys can make a technical 
grade, purifying this to battery grade is something which we can do on our own. So 
that even if the Indian companies can make technical grade, we can again develop 
them very quickly. This is where we are. There is a dependency on the solvents of 
the Electrolytes on China at present, but other than that we also have a backup. But 
like you said, if there is a shortage, the backup capacity for the solvent is relatively 
lower. So that is when still more work is needed. And we are working with potential 
Indian partners for that already. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Good. Good to hear that. Second question is on the competition in the domestic 
market. So unfortunately, basically may be my knowledge is less. We hear only 
about the listed companies which are currently involved in the Electrolyte and 
Electrolyte salt, opportunity and segment. But there could be - from your 
understanding, there could be other unlisted or other people who also would be 
working in the similar space. So do you see that there could be a greater amount of 
competition from the other people who are also working in a similar space and 
targeting a similar set of clients, may be domestically or internationally? I mean, 
just your thought process on this, maybe my understanding from the industry 
perspective is relatively limited. 

 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Harin Kanani: 
Yes. Even whatever we have seen and one of the reasons why we also increased 
capacity. So I think, we have also not seen, especially when we are talking of 
Electrolytes. You have also not seen any significant other players who are coming 
other than me and few of the other companies which have already announced, like 
the listed companies which have announced their electrolyte plans. 
We have so far not seen other companies come in for Electrolytes. Again, we have 
already been supplying this Electrolyte. So we already have a head-start. We 
already have been working, trying to work with the customers for the last one/one 
and a half years. We also now have Mitsubishi's license. So I think we have done 
enough to at least make sure a decent market share for Neogen. At present, other 
than me and one more company, I do not see any other companies which have 
actively shown interest or which have actively done something. 
Whoever comes now will be a little bit late, in my view, to take care of the initial 
demands of these customers. But this is my view. And I think even with that, at least 
we should be able to get a decent amount of market share. I would say broad range 
- anywhere between 25% to 40% - at least in the initial year, is what I am seeing. 
And that has been the basis for my judgment to really set up this capacity. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure. Sure. That is really helpful. Thanks a lot for answering the question. Best of 
luck. And Diwali wishes to you and your team. Thank you. 
Harin Kanani: 
Same to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I 
would now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
Harin Kanani: 
Thank you, all the participants for joining the call. I hope we were able to address 
your queries. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to our 
investor relations team, and we will address them. Thank you once again, and we 
look forward to connecting with you again in the next quarter and wish you all a 

 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
very happy Diwali with your family. Please take some time off and enjoy. Thank you 
and have a great day ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Neogen Chemicals Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
****** 
 
Note: The transcript has been edited for clarity. Although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy, it may contain transcription errors. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors. 
