Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
(Formerly Redington (India) Limited) 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redingtongroup.com 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
 
 
November 13, 2023  
 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai — 400 001  
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of the Investor/ Analyst Conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, and further to our announcement dated October 30, 2023, on the 
Analyst/Investors Conference call held on November 07, 2023, we wish to inform that 
no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the meeting/ call 
and are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 the same is also uploaded on the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://redingtongroup.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/Q2FY24-Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully 
For Redington Limited  
 
 
M. Muthukumarasamy  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
M 
MUTHUKUMA
RASAMY
Digitally signed by M 
MUTHUKUMARASAMY 
DN: cn=M MUTHUKUMARASAMY, 
o=REDINGTON LIMITED, ou, 
email=mmkumar@redingtongrou
p.com, c=US 
Date: 2023.11.13 18:34:22 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Redington Limited  
Q2 FY-24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 7th November 2023 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V. S. HARIHARAN – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER, REDINGTON LIMITED 
MR. S.V. KRISHNAN – FINANCE DIRECTOR, 
REDINGTON LIMITED  

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Redington Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. S. V. Krishnan. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. S. V. 
Krishnan. Please go ahead.  
S. V. Krishnan: 
Thank you. Good morning to all. First let me take this opportunity to introduce Mr. V. S. 
Hariharan – our new Global Chief Executive Officer, who assumed this position from 11th of 
September 2023. Hari’s journey with Redington has been a remarkable one and that goes back 
to more than 20 years ago. As part of HP, he has dealt with Redington as a distribution partner, 
and he has been a key constituent of Redington’s foray into the large format digital printing 
category, which today has grown to a size with high profitability. He has seen us as a Board 
Member and offered valuable insights and guidance, now have taken up this leadership role in 
the company. Hari brings with him a wealth of experience spanning across three decades in 
sales, marketing, and digital management. His professional journey includes, significant 
leadership roles at industry giants such as Hewlett Packard, and Wipro. In these roles, he 
contributed to creating innovative world leading printer products and driving revenue growth 
through effective sales leadership. He excelled in managing both matured and emerging markets, 
while achieving substantial cost efficiencies through geographically focused initiatives. He’s an 
unusual leader in that he has taken the road less traveled. At his peak after a successful 18 year 
career at HP, he decided to step back and become a successful entrepreneur in accessible solar 
products market. His remarkable journey resonates deeply with our company’s values and 
aspirations. The synergy between Hari’s extensive experience and Redington strategic 
objectives is obvious to all. And I’m sure this is the beginning of another great chapter in 
Redington’s 30 year long history. 
With this, I request Hari to say a few words about his first two months of the company. Over to 
you Hari.  
V. S. Hariharan: 
Thank you, SVK. Good morning to all. It’s a pleasure to be here and meeting you all. I just share 
very briefly a bit of my background, my first impressions in the first 60 days, and our near term 
plans. As SVK said, I’ve been associated with Redington for nearly 20 years, while working at 
HP and then as a Board member, I’ve admired the company, both from far and up close and it’s 
a pleasure to be here on this role.  

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
Over the last 60 days in reviewing and learning the nuances of the business with the leadership 
team. And I’ve been traveling around a fair bit meeting the India teams, the Middle East Africa 
teams in Dubai, the Saudi Arabia team in Riyadh and the Turkey team. I’ve been very impressed 
with the quality of leadership and the talent we have. I have also been meeting the leadership 
level of various brands and vendors, and the kind of joint plans we have with the brands and the 
feedback we have from them on Redington and the initiatives we are working on, makes me feel 
really good in terms of the long term prospects for the company. The regions we operate in 
continue to have very positive signs of growth. We are very well positioned as a key distributor 
in these markets.  
Let me go a little bit by business units. Technical Solutions Group and Cloud offers great growth 
opportunities and the largest headroom. Cloud with our strong partnership with the hyperscalers 
and the SaaS brands we are experiencing strong growth. Within mobility their new product 
introductions have gone very well and shown good momentum. In the Endpoint Solutions Group 
the emerging category of solutions offer a good growth opportunity. As you may be aware, we 
have embarked on a number of investment initiatives in the last year. Starting with the 
digitalization of the company in the B2B platform. While the focus on some of these initiatives 
will continue to remain, we are looking at fine tuning and right sizing the investments to get the 
best ROI for the company.  
The digital platform enables us to have better efficiency and response time for reaching smaller 
partners, cross selling to our large managed partners and scaling up those brands. As an emerging 
market distributor Redington over the years has done a great job of managing risk; While 
focusing on return on capital. We will continue to focus on these basics as a distribution company 
while playing in the new growth areas. In the near term, most of the geographies outlook is 
positive and we will work towards maintaining and growing our opposition. We do see some 
signs of stress with Africa, due to geopolitical factors. We will be cautious to navigate for 
profitable growth in Africa and driving the acceptable return on capital. As we look at the Q2 
results that have gone by, they have been good and let Krishnan walk you through the results in 
greater detail and happy to take on questions you may have. Thank you. 
S. V. Krishnan:  
Thanks Hari. Okay, just on the results. We have had in Q2 highest ever revenue and highest ever 
gross margin for any quarter. That’s something which is a very interesting situation to begin, on 
a year-on-year basis the revenue grew by about 17% the gross margin grew by about 12%, EBIT 
de-grew by about 2%, PAT de-grew by about 22%. But for a moment, if you look at on a quarter-
on-quarter basis, because our objective is to make sure that we need to improve now from where 
we were and on that score, revenue grew by 5%, gross margin grew by 10%. There is a growth 
in the gross margin from 5.9% to 6.1% after three quarters, we have crossed a gross margin of 
6%. So, that’s something which we feel is positive. EBIT had grown by 17% and PAT has grown 
by 22%. So, on a quarter-on-quarter basis, there is an improvement in EBIT percentage and PAT 
percentage by 20 bps. And all the major geos have shown growth in the profit after tax. The PAT 
percentage which was 1.2% in Q1 has improved to 1.4% in the current quarter.  

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
At the same time, we have also seen the working capital on a quarter-on-quarter basis decreased 
by five days from 40 to 35 days which is a very important milestone that has resulted in operating 
cash flow and free cash flow being positive. Operating cash flow for the quarter was 1249 crores 
and the free cash flow for the quarter was 1120 crores. Just wanted to make a mention here, there 
is a reclassification that was done in the way which we show the free cash flow earlier we used 
to net off dividend which we had found, the practice being followed by other companies both 
India as well as global is not to net of the dividend, even if you take on an apple-to-apple 
comparison, that dividend removal which was about 563 crores from the current quarter, we 
would still be at about 550 crores of free cash flow. Return on equity for the quarter is about 
17.4%, return on capital employed at 21.6%. Our net debt to equity is about 0.3 times.  
Another important metric we always measure ourselves is the provision for inventory and 
provision for aged receivables. I am pleased to share with you, there is a reversal of inventory 
provision in the current quarter to 0.29%. This is primarily on account of the drive that we are 
doing in terms of liquidating the aged inventory just to make sure that it is in a proper state so 
that has enabled this reversal in the current quarter. The bad debts, it continues to be about the 
long term average, for the quarter it is at 12 bps. So, let me pause for now and if there are any 
questions, we can answer them. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Vivek Ramakrishnan from DSP Mutual Funds. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Ramakrishnan: 
So, my questions are around in terms of working capital, and the fact that you are always 
vulnerable to high interest cost in the economy that will affect your profit after tax. In terms of 
working capital, last quarter we got the feeling that you were looking for market share gains, 
and you are pressing on in terms of business. Have you eased that off a little given the fact that 
the market conditions are not, are at least volatile if not deteriorating and what is the outlook 
going forward on working capital. That’s my only question sir. 
S. V. Krishnan: 
So, the mantra Vivek very clearly, we would want to drive profitable growth and keep the capital 
efficiency on top of it. So, this is something that we are very particular and that’s the way the 
business is being driven. Yes, there is a working capital reduction in the current quarter. I just 
want to tell you that, we are being very cautious. But there are also some tailwinds that happens 
because of new product launches, because of festive seasons. That gives us some advantage. 
Please don’t consider this as a steady state. I think we would be around 35 - 40 days in terms of 
our working capital, whatever is best possible, we will try our best and make sure that it is 
efficiently managed. 
Moderator:  
I think we’ve lost the person who was asking the questions, we’ll move on to the next question. 
The next question is from the line of Priya Rohira from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Priya Rohira: 
My first question relates to the demand environment, we have seen material increase in 
inflationary, how do you see the acceptance of the product that is one. Second thing is, among 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
the new product introductions are there any products which you think can give supernormal 
growth in the coming years depending on the feed you’ve seen in the market. And the third is, 
if you could share some outlook on the margin side, like we have seen a little bit polarity in the 
recent quarters primarily because of investments we would have done but any color over there 
would be helpful.  
V. S. Hariharan: 
So, the three questions were, one was on demand and the second was on the new product 
introduction and the third one was on margin improvements. Let me try and take each one 
separately. So, we look at some of the theaters that we are in the demand environment continues 
to be strong. So, namely India, and UAE, Saudi Arabia, demand continues to be strong. And this 
is across all categories. As I mentioned, technical solutions group the demand is strong. The 
cloud has high growth and so is the mobility with the new product introductions. Endpoint 
solutions group is the only place that we see muted demand, partly driven by the global 
organizations not buying PCs at the same pace, as we expected. Specifically as a new product 
introductions, they’re all about the mobility products and you are aware there are a number of 
big brands that have introduced products in the last month. And the acceptance of the product is 
really good. And we are just fulfilling demand in a way, whatever supply we get is going out of 
the door. So, the acceptance of the products is very good. We expect margins to be staying at 
the current levels in most of these businesses gross margins, we don’t see any deterioration in 
any of the businesses that we are seeing, and we are closely watching it and as Krishnan said 
earlier, we are going after profitable growth. So, we are trying not to gain share at the expense 
of compromising on margin. 
Priya Rohira: 
Just a follow on, the gross margin I do understand is a function of the vendor, how much they 
partake, and also the demand environment, can we get a more color from the EBITDA margin 
perspective, depending on the investment you would have envisaged or any new products which 
are in the pipeline for which you think selling and marketing would see. 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Priya, we think an EBITDA range of about 2.4%, 2.5% is something we should be able to hold 
on. We don’t foresee a challenge. Yes, there will be a mix change that can possibly help us if 
the TSG does more better compared to mobility. But overall, we are quite confident about this 
range. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sarath Reddy from Unifi Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sarath Reddy: 
So, sir my first question is that, adjusted for the inventory provisioning is it fair to say that the 
EBITDA margin per se has been flat Y-o-Y? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay, see inventory provisioning while I had said there has been a reversal. But it is important 
that we don’t consider the complete inventory provision reversal as a profit, because while 
selling these products, there will also be some erosion in the margin that could be there, some 
part of it would have come as part of the margins for sure. 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Sarath Reddy: 
Okay. Sir secondly, could you speak a little bit about the interest cost because, if you look at this 
quarter the number which includes your bank charges as a part of interest. Could you just call 
out what is the actual interest rate that we are paying and how do you expect the trajectory for 
the rest of the year? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It varies between different market. In India, it ranges about 7.2% to 7.5%. In our Middle East 
business, it’s about 5.5% to 6% today, in Turkey it’s quite high, we discussed last time and it 
continues to be high. In fact, it has gone up even further where our interest rate is north of 30%. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Got it. So, could you call out what has been the absolute factoring cost this quarter and what is 
the trajectory on other expenses going forward? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay. So, factoring cost absolute amount in the current quarter is about 86 crores and 
predominantly this is in Turkey. And as discussed last time, there are no enough bank funding 
available in Turkey and this is something that affects across various industries and the 
companies. So, factoring is a tool for us to get funding and this is the cost of it in the current 
quarter. Overall, we think we should be able to maintain OPEX as a percentage of revenue. We 
don’t foresee that as a problem. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Got it. Sir, our mobility is strong this quarter which have lower working capital and you 
mentioned that 35 days is maybe not the right number, so what is the normalize working capital 
today especially in the context of the call you called out last time that vendors have rolled back 
to earlier credit cycles? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
As I have said about 35 to 40 days is something is the range that you should keep that in mind 
on a steady state basis. 
Sarath Reddy: 
Got it and Mr. Hari, could you just call out that, what are your thoughts on the strategy going 
forward beyond profitable growth and what were your motivations to take up the role, from 
being a Board Member to running the organization? 
V. S. Hariharan: 
So, in terms of strategy and directions, we had embarked on a few things as we have discussed 
in the call and before. One is clearly cloud, there is a lot of growth on cloud. And right now, 
within cloud, we work with the hyperscalers on the resell and driving the consumption. That’s 
clearly one strategy we will continue. Second is we see a lot of headroom on technical solutions, 
and across all theatres, and we continue to look at how to step that up and see what kinds of 
solutions we can play in both product solutions, and related adjacencies. In terms of the other 
areas, specifically in the endpoint solutions group, there are a lot of emerging solutions, like 
gaming, like wearable’s, et cetera. Clearly, we will play a role in those and those are good 
opportunities for us. And on mobility, we also see good traction on Android, as well. And we 
will continue to play on Android solutions as a growth area. We did embark on digitalization, 
and I did mention that, but we will fine tune our investments in digitalization, but continue to 
play there as a way to reach our smaller partners and our growth brands, as I’ve mentioned.  

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Now, in terms of my motivation, clearly I have been associated with Redington and it was a 
company that I’ve always admired. It’s in multiple theaters, complex business, managing the 
business really well, balancing between risk and return. And when an opportunity presented 
itself and the Board was reviewing the candidates, and they asked me if I would be interested, 
and I said definitely and I’m honored to actually lead the company. So, the motivation is to be 
able to drive and lead a global distributor to a much better place. The opportunity in all the 
theaters is great, the industry is transforming and with my background and experience, I’ve 
worked across consumer, SMB, and enterprise and I’ve worked across PCs, printers, Unix boxes 
in my past 30 years, I thought I’ll be able to contribute and play a role in the growth of Redington. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Three questions here. The first is cyclical, the second structure and the third is focused on your 
role as CEO. So, the cyclical question would be, we obviously saw a big surge in demand post 
COVID. And various industries are still equilibrating to a post COVID world. Given the amount 
of possible over-ordering of IT equipment during COVID. One would expect the fall off in 
subsequent quarters and years. Some of that is starting to be seen. I’m curious to get your point 
of view on the extent to which we’re through with that versus, could we expect a significant 
slowdown going forward not because of any industry issue because people are overloaded during 
COVID. Second question from a structural standpoint, do you see any change in terms of the 
need for distributors overall is the pie for distributors shrinking where the marginal distributors 
are getting squeezed out, the Redingtons and Ingrams of the world are holding by own but 
broadly whether consolidation in the channel for electronic goods, especially on the retail side 
with Amazon and Croma and what does that do to pie overall, I understand that we are a small 
percentage of the pie. But we’ll be curious to get your thoughts on the size of that pie. And 
finally, as CEO is it fair to say that your role will be focused more on the growth initiatives and 
the core distribution business will basically run as is, or do you expect to be spending time on 
both. If you could give us a sense of where you see most of your time being spent the CEO, that 
will be very helpful. 
V. S. Hariharan: 
Sure, thank you for all those questions. So, let me go address the first one. So, on the demand 
side, as we had COVID and during COVID, and the early part of post COVID we saw a huge 
surge in consumer demand. And that was partly driven by work from home and a lot of the 
consumers upgrading their equipment. Right after that, we did see a consumer slowdown. And 
the enterprise demand is picking up very strongly. We see that enterprise demand continuing for 
a while. Cloud is also enabling a transformation and purchase of new kinds of products. So, we 
don’t see a slowdown. So, these cycles will continue. So, as of now, the enterprise demand is 
strong and we expect that to continue. Same in the mobility area. And consumer, we do expect 
it to start to come back. Some of the areas that I foresee, it is too early to say but I take India as 
an example. We have reached IT only to 200 million of the 1.4 billion population, there is a huge 
semi urban, rural population that don’t have access to computing. And, I see some of that 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
happening over the next few years, as right type of products get to these kinds of customers. And 
that will drive the consumer demand again. So, that’s the first part. 
In terms of the structural change, we do not see a big impact. Clearly, there is a fine tuning 
happening, things like direct to retail and those kinds of go to markets are coming up, things are 
getting a little bit more specialized. We are working on how to reach retailers, telco retailers in 
the states and also sell PCs through them. So, an evolution of omni channel, as well as existing 
channels that are specialized being able to sell other categories that will evolve. And scale 
obviously helps for things like these and obviously Redington has scale and to be able to create 
a set of partners across the country where they were selling telco products earlier we could sell 
consumer PCs and wearables and those kinds of things. So, we see evolution of channels, 
especially in mid-market and in this space. And we don’t see a big structural change.  
Now, in terms of my role, I see two parts to it. The early part, the first six to 12 months is clearly 
working on the core business and really looking at what investments we decided to make and to 
make sure that we are hunkering down, fine tuning those and getting the best out of those 
investments, digital, cloud, et cetera and really important because they are adjacencies to our 
core business. And once we have really got this to a stage where we are getting our expected 
profit and return on capital employed, we will start driving new growth areas again. So, it’s a 
mix, initial part will be just focusing on the core business and getting the best profitable growth 
out of the core business. And stabilizing all the theaters as I mentioned, we have some stress 
points, especially Africa overseas. So, we are working on how to stabilize those. And once we 
are beyond that, we will drive new growth opportunities after that. And clearly, we have a very 
good leadership team to take forward what is already being done. So, I should really focus on 
getting into new areas, and how do we drive growth there. Clearly, we are a distribution 
company. So, we are going to work on only adjacencies and not get out of our current DNA. But 
we will look at growth opportunities in adjacencies. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Drashti from Thinqwise. Please go ahead. 
Drashti: 
My question relates to geopolitical stress that you mentioned in Africa. So, if you could quantify, 
if you evaluate it, what’s the impact on our balance sheet or on our P&L. And also in the other 
geographies, I know that the situation right now in Israel and Hamas is not directly impacting 
us. But if there could be any indirect impact in any of our geographies and what are your first 
thoughts on the overall geopolitical stress in the global situation. Thank you.  
V. S. Hariharan: 
Okay, so again, this is not to get all of us worried about it. But it’s just to be more cautious. 
Clearly, the wars that are going on, the exchange rate movements in various geographies in 
Africa, we already know the Nigeria situation, the Egypt situation, and now Kenya is also part 
of that. So, both the exchange rates and the dollar stability, and the liquidity everything will be 
impacted because of the wars and the oil prices, et cetera. So, we are just cautious, and we are 
looking at it very closely to make sure that we are playing in a way that we are not taking 
excessive risk that’s the point I wanted to make. So, we don’t see a big impact, but we want to 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
play cautiously in the second half so that we are not; as a distributor have always been very 
focused on managing risk well, we want to be sure that we are not taking any undue risks.  
S. V. Krishnan: 
Just if I can add, see it is about billion dollar business, Africa as a territory for us, which for our 
current overall size is about 10% of our total business. As Hari said, while there are concerns, 
we will navigate very carefully. But for us, risk management is far more critical. Growth is 
something that’s available even otherwise, you would have seen in the first half we added about 
a billion-dollar incremental revenue in our total number. So, there is growth opportunity, but we 
would want to make sure that the balance sheet and risk management is proper. 
Drashti: 
So, till now we need not fear impact because of the geopolitical tensions in Africa region? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It could be there, which is why we are calling out and one is Africa and another one, definitely 
what’s happening in Middle East because of Israel, Gaza. So, those, we need to see how those 
pans out. It’s important for us to call out upfront what challenges that lie in front of us. We have 
discussed about Turkey in the past and that continues to be a worry for us. We will handle it 
carefully, but these are some challenges that are there in the overseas markets. 
Drashti: 
Sure. And sir what will be as our Turkey growth this quarter, if you could throw some numbers, 
or just highlight something on the Turkey subsidiary, what would be the growth number and 
what will be the PAT margins, like you mentioned last time? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
In fact, there is a good growth that we had seen in terms of revenue across markets. So, when 
we say 17% year-on-year growth, 5% quarter-on-quarter growth it is just not at the consolidated 
level, this is true with India, this is true with Middle East Africa, this is true with Turkey, all the 
markets are growing well. And in terms of profitability, in the challenged markets, obviously 
the profit percentage could be lower and which is where we would want to be careful in terms 
of how do we do the business. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Chaudhary from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
My first question is regarding the investment we are doing, basically streamlining some of the 
investment we have done in last couple of years, can you please give us color in terms of which 
are the areas where we are seeing investment getting trimmed and what would be the cost 
pointer? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Nikhil, we are doing various investments, but I would want to categorize that into three broad 
categories. One is the digitalization initiatives that have become very important and as someone 
enquired in the earlier question, it has become very important post-COVID, and we are bringing 
a change to the ecosystem, and we have to bring in change internally as well. So, that investment 
is happening in terms of automation, in terms of the analytics, et cetera. That is something that 
would continue, we are now differentiating our investment into need to have and nice to have. 
Need to have is something that we would want to pursue and that’s something which is 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
fundamental for us. Nice to have is something while we think directionally is important, we want 
to make sure that we phase it out. So that the impact is not felt in the immediate quarters. Second 
is in the cloud business, there are investments that are required both from the platform 
perspective, as well as from the resources perspective. On the platform, we think it is important 
because that’s the way to deliver and reach the market. In terms of talent, we will be careful as 
we are growing the business how much we need to invest on the talent part of it, but as you have 
heard from Mr. Hari, definitely this is a segment that we are focused on. The third part of the 
investment is in the digital platform. While this is definitely important, maybe we may have to 
slow down the pace of investments, just to make sure that we are on in terms of the required 
ROIC. So, we are focused on this and we will make sure that it is properly calibrated. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Very helpful SV. My second question sir is regarding, we have mentioned that we are seeing 
challenges in global geographies. And, we are looking at profitable revenue growth, while even 
this quarter we have seen growth coming from outside rest of the world grew faster than SISA. 
So, just want to understand how we are thinking in terms of maybe scaling back some of our 
investment in those troubled geographies. The current quarter has been just like you mentioned 
that factoring cost in Turkey was so high. So, just want to understand how we should think about 
the coming quarter given, change in strategy happen in middle of the quarter. 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay. See, these are difficult markets, we are not making any new investments in those, these 
are regular business that we are doing. What business that we appropriate, what we would want 
to leave it on the table is something that we need to decide basis the expected profitability and 
the capital protection as we had said for us, profitable growth and capital efficiency is the mantra, 
we would want to make sure those are properly in place. But having said that, there are growth 
opportunities, we would want to be relevant and we would want to be important for the global 
brands. As you know, this is something which is very important for us to make a statement. In 
India we have become number one today. So, in the past, we used to be number one distributor 
in Middle East and Africa as a region and today it is also there in India. So, except for Turkey 
where we are number two, in all other markets we hold a leadership position and that’s 
something which we would want to protect, but at the same time subject to the risk management 
properly in place. 
Nikhil Chaudhary: 
Okay, sure. Just last one from my side, the comment you made at about EBITDA margin to be 
close to current rates. Just want to understand, is there a assumption that you will see further 
inventory basically roll back in terms of provision when you added for that EBITDA margin, or 
you expect the benefit to come from some other expenses basically? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
As we have answered, I don’t think we need to look at the increase in EBITDA margin is on 
account of inventory provision reversal, because all the inventory provision reversal hasn’t got 
flowed down into EBITDA a part of it went towards selling the product at a reasonable price. 
As we move into the future, we think this will get protected irrespective of whether there is an 
inventory provision reversal or not. But inventory provision reversal is something that’s a tool 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
available only for some time, that cannot be continued for long. But, we are confident about 
protecting the margins. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aasim from Dam Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aasim: 
First question just continuing on the managed services piece  within Cloud, you did talk about 
the investment bid, but can you also talk about what kind of an annual run rate it is on revenue 
and cost currently? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay. So, managed services piece today is about, 4.4% of our total cloud business, which has 
improved from 4.2% last quarter. So, that’s where we are. In terms of profitability, while gross 
margin could be better in this, the cost that we need to invest in talent is high, we will not see 
high profitability at this point in time. Once we get the scale, we should see the profitability 
being better in this space.  
Aasim: 
No, just wanted to just get a sense that currently could still be margin dilutive, or is it at least 
positive on EBITDA, that’s one sense I want to? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It is positive. 
V. S. Hariharan: 
It is, so just wanted to give you a sense of how we are thinking about it. So, I’m sure you 
understand the cloud part there is resell and there is driving consumption and then there is a 
services piece. So, we are approaching the services piece in a way the bundled services with the 
cloud can drive more consumption. So, we are driving those areas that drive more consumption. 
So, either I can look at it standalone, but it can also drive more consumption which drives more 
resell and more margins there. So, you have a double effect when you’re doing the managed 
services on cloud. 
Aasim: 
Got it. Second question, basically I just wanted to understand how we look at working capital 
debt on the balance sheet as a percentage of total liability, back during just immediately after 
COVID when working capital days had dropped a lot. Most of the working capital finance would 
cash on book. So, can we go back to a level where cash on the balance sheet funds are larger 
portion of working capital over taking short term debt, basically can we go to a net cash level in 
the next two to three years? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Aasim, this is a working capital intensive business Aasim. When you see a growth of this nature, 
in a working capital intensive industry, obviously there will be absolute amount increase in 
working capital and accordingly increase in debt. We are very focused on making sure that the 
leverage in the balance sheet is within an acceptable level and that we are very confident we 
don’t foresee a challenge. But, we cannot go back to positive cash balance that was more during 
the COVID period and being one off. 
V. S. Hariharan: 
And if I may add, it is important, both from a brand vendor perspective and Redington 
perspective to maintain and grow our market shares within acceptable limits. And we have joint 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
plans with brands and vendors and we are driving those well to maintain our position in the 
growing market. So, you have to really balance both the factors and that’s the kind of risk we 
are taking in terms of profitable growth. 
S. V. Krishnan: 
And we will ensure that return on capital employed is attractive. Our objective is to be between 
18% and 20%, that’s something that we are focused on. So, that you know what money is getting 
invested there is an adequate return. 
Aasim: 
Got it. Quick question, I missed one last part of your previous statement, did you talk about 
positive net cash will eventually reach, or did I hear that wrong? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
I said there will be debt, but you will see returns. 
Aasim: 
Okay. And just lastly the factoring cost that you mentioned earlier, so where is this books in the 
P&L? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
This is there as part of OPEX, because factoring by nature is sale of receivable, it cannot be there 
as part of interest costs. It is there as part of OPEX, this 86 crore what I had mentioned is part of 
the OPEX that’s there in the books. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhvani Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Sir, I had two questions. One was, can you provide some color on the performance of proconnect 
in this quarter? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay. Proconnect performance is mediocre in a way of speaking. We are making some 
corrections in the form of streamlining the revenue streams. We haven’t de-growth, but we 
haven’t grown either. And we have a neutral profit situation, but having said that the outlook for 
the next two quarters definitely looks positive. And I’m sure this will come back into the “crown 
jewel model” in the next few quarters. 
Dhvani Shah: 
Okay. And just another question to harp on your question was that, you mentioned the other 
expenses will remain in the range as is. And the benefit of the inventory provisioning is not 
something that you can focus on. So, how do you expect the EBITDA margin to improve to 2.4 
to 2.5 from the current 2.2% level? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
This will happen in the form of higher gross margins. We know there are possibilities to increase 
the gross margin, it’s not easy. It’s going to take time, but if you ask where is the lever, the lever 
will come in the form of better margins.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dheeresh from Whiteoak. Please go ahead.  
Dheeresh: 
Sir did you say that Africa is a billion dollar. So, my question was that I just wanted to understand 
if I heard it correctly, that Africa is a billion dollar business on an annualized basis?  

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Yes, you are right Dheeresh. 
Dheeresh: 
And sir which would be the bigger countries here? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It would be Nigeria, Kenya, Senegal in that order. 
Dheeresh: 
Okay. The next second question is, on this presentation deck slide #17 where you have the half 
yearly performance region wise. So, rest of the world, gross margins are up, EBITDA is down. 
So, one of the reasons is factoring and one of the reasons is higher investments. So, can you just 
briefly explain how much is the drag coming from the two individually, just quantify to the 
extent possible? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It would mainly be in the factoring because Turkey, it comes under the rest of the world, which 
is where we have seen a very, very high cost. See, you will be surprised, the factoring cost today 
ranges between 50% to 55%, that’s the cost of funding that’s there in Turkey. In fact, every 
numbers of Turkey will look very mind boggling for us. The inflation rate is about 61.5%, the 
government announced interest rate that’s available for the consumers and for SMB is about 
35%. And when we were there in Turkey a week back on that day, it got increased from 30% to 
35%. So, it is a bit different/difficult market. But, I need to tell you to the full credit of the team 
out there, we have still been growing, we are still not losing money, we are still making profits, 
whether the profit is attractive or not that’s a different question. But we are still making profits, 
we haven’t dropped the ball. So, that’s something which we would want to tell you. 
Dheeresh: 
No, sir what I wanted to understand was that, if you see H1 FY24 1500 crores of gross profit 
versus 1330. So, almost 170 crores higher we are making gross profit. But if you see the EBITDA 
is down about 85 odd crores. So, if you just quantify this 170, plus 85 this 255-crore extra OPEX 
is sitting between gross profit and EBITDA, how much of that is coming from factoring and 
how much of that is coming from investments that we might be making? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay. I may have to connect with you independently, I don’t have exactly the numbers for me 
to answer you. Okay, for H1 the factoring cost is 147 crore. 
Dheeresh: 
147 for H1, what was it in the base H1? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
It would be about 47 crores.  
Dheeresh: 
So, extra 100 crore is explained by this.  
S. V. Krishnan: 
Yes, balance should be the increase in costs, increase in normal OPEX. 
Dheeresh: 
Increase in normal OPEX, okay. This is also higher versus the baseline because earlier in last 
call you are saying we are making some investments when are we in that journey and when there 
were normalize? 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Investments are mainly India, India focused and some could be at the global level, not 
necessarily at rest of the world. Some of the things that may explain this increase is also the 
Forex loss that we had talked about last time in few markets, increased AR provision that would 
be there. So, some of these are factors that constitute that increase. But we can discuss the 
number one on one Dheeresh. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Patel from Sameeksha Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Devang Patel: 
The growth that we have seen in rest of world has been higher than in SISA. Yet, if we see the 
working capital, the improvement is again higher in rest of the world as compared to SISA. Can 
you talk about why this, What explains this divergence? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Can you repeat the question, sorry we haven’t followed that. 
Devang Patel: 
We’ve seen a higher growth in rest of the world segment, revenue growth Y-o-Y in H1 and yet 
or Q2 and yet the margin improvement is better in rest of the world compared to SISA. Can you 
give some color on where, have been able to have better working capital improvement in rest of 
world despite the higher growth? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Okay, see. There is a better working capital management in Middle East during the last quarter. 
And that’s one of the reasons why our overall working capital days have come down. And this 
something which had happened in Middle East, but I’m sure it will happen in other places as we 
move forward. 
Devang Patel: 
Sir, and just to put this in context of the pendulum effect you were talking of in the previous call. 
So, can we say that the worst is over for us in terms of working capital pressures, because now 
you are expecting the other geographies also to be stable or improve? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
I would not want to say that Devang, with the current environment, the level of volatility is 
definitely high. And there are some specific segments in the industry, which are also as Hari 
explained, are very challenged in terms of demand. I do not think we can take the current level 
into the future, we have to wait and see, but we are on top of it. For us, the capital efficiency is 
very keen. 
Devang Patel: 
Okay. Lastly, could you just explain again, inventory provision reversal was how much this 
quarter versus how much it is usually for us? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
Inventory provision reversal in the current quarter is about 29 bps. 
Devang Patel: 
And on average it tends to be about? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
On an average, if you take the last 15 years, it’s about 6 bps, 0.06%. 

 
Redington Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Devang Patel: 
That would be similar in the first quarter also, so roughly about? 
S. V. Krishnan: 
First quarter was 9 bps.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. We would take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. V. S. Hariharan for the closing comments. Please go ahead. 
V. S. Hariharan: 
Thank you so much for attending this call and asking a lot of really good questions makes us 
think and we will continue to do a good job for you. And we’re looking forward to do the Q3 
discussion which will happen in three months and hope to deliver good results. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Redington Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
