  Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on October 25, 2023. 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the Transcript of Earnings Call held on 
October 25, 2023 to discuss the performance for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023 and the same is available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.aurumproptech.in/investor/financial-information/quarterly-earnings. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Aurum PropTech Limited 
(Formerly known as Majesco Limited) 
Sonia Jain 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Encl: As above 
Date: October 31, 2023 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Script Code: 539289 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: AURUM 
Sonia 
Hitesh Jain
Digitally signed by 
Sonia Hitesh Jain 
Date: 2023.10.31 
14:58:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Aurum PropTech Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      MANAGEMENT:    MR. ASHISH DEORA: FOUNDER AND CHIEF    
  
     EXECUTIVE OFFICER, AURUM VENTURES 
 
     MR. ONKAR SHETYE: EXECUTIVE        
   
     DIRECTOR, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED  
 
     MR. HIREN LADVA: EXECUTIVE VICE            
        
     PRESIDENT, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
     MR. KUNAL KARAN: CHIEF FINANCIAL    
  
     OFFICER, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 
     MS. VANESSA FERNANDES: INVESTOR       
 
     RELATIONS, AURUM PROPTECH LIMITED 
 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Aurum PropTech Limited Q2 and H1 FY 
2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Vanessa Fernandes from Investor Relations. Thank you, 
and over to you, ma'am. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone, and a warm welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY '24 
Earnings Call of Aurum PropTech Limited. Joining us on the call today, we have Mr. Ashish 
Deora, the Founder and CEO of Aurum Ventures; Mr. Onkar Shetye, Executive Director, Aurum 
PropTech; Mr. Kunal Karan, CFO, Aurum PropTech; and Mr. Hiren Ladva, EVP Investments, 
Aurum PropTech. 
Today, we shall take you through our quarterly and half-yearly performance for the period ended 
September 2023, as well as our future outlook. Before we proceed, I would like to remind 
everyone that the forward-looking statements we may discuss are subject to risks and 
uncertainties that are detailed in our prospectus and the annual report. We encourage you to 
review these documents, which are available on our website, to fully understand the risks 
associated with any future projections or statements made. 
We shall now begin the call with Mr. Ashish Deora. 
Ashish Deora: 
Thank you, Vanessa. Good evening, everyone. It is my privilege to welcome each one of you to 
this 10th Earnings Call of Aurum PropTech. We are now in our third year having committed to 
bringing digital transformation to the real estate sector and creating an integrated PropTech 
ecosystem. This quarter has been super special because Aurum has now become the largest 
residential rental management platform in India. 
We are managing more than 27,000 plus rental units between HelloWorld and NestAway and 
it's indeed our delight to share that NestAway and Helloworld teams have been integrated and 
are working efficiently. Our efforts to transition NestAway to a lean and flat enterprise are 
showing results already. We are delighted to share that NestAway restructuring is progressing 
as per the plan, and we are confident to turn around the business by the end of this financial year. 
We remain excited to double our capacity of rental units under management to 50,000 beds over 
the next few quarters to ensure that we continue our dominance in the residential rental market, 
which, is estimated, at an annual recurring business of $25 billion. 
As our co-living brand, HelloWorld, crossed the important benchmark of INR100 crores in the 
ARR last quarter, we believe that our team's determination, along with disciplined execution 
across functions will lead all our other services and products to be in the INR100 crores club 
sooner than planned. 
Moving on, EBITDA as a metric continues to be our North Star. We are ensuring that growth is 
sustainable and not at the cost of unit economics. We have focused on building capacities across 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
our business offerings in the first half of the year, and we expect the second half to reap the 
benefits of these expanded capacities. 
Our target is to double the revenues of Aurum Analytica and Aurum WiseX from the current 
quarter to Q4 FY 2024. As the residential sales cycle picks up in the festive period of Q3 and 
Q4, we also expect BeyondWalls to have substantial growth over its current quarter. 
At the strategy level, we challenge ourselves daily to ensure that our products and services are 
aligned with a single objective of meeting the needs of technology, capital and services within 
the real estate value chain. At Aurum, we are gradually transitioning our journey that began in 
July 2021, with a strategy of acquisitions and inorganic growth to now deepening our ecosystem 
through organic growth. We believe that we have built a well-equipped ecosystem to benefit all 
the stakeholders of the real estate industry. 
I would now like to conclude by throwing some light on our second edition of Aurum Neev Seva 
Fortnight that was held from 17th September to 02nd October. 250 Aurum team members came 
together to volunteer towards our core initiatives of Tree Plantation, Service of  Nutritious 
Meals, Beti Padhao, Medical Interventions, and Safe Man Hours for construction workers. 
With this, I now hand it over to Onkar to take this further. Thank you, everybody. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Thank you, Mr. Deora. We continue to make substantial progress on tech upgrade, operational 
alignment, and customer experience initiatives at all our businesses. The three areas manifest 
our three focus areas and show up in our core day-to-day work, which results in the integrated 
alignment of our 800-plus employee effort across India. Our business within the Technology, 
Capital and Services space continued to show robust growth quarter-on-quarter across our 
businesses. 
Across the ecosystem, we had 16,000 plus active RaaS customers and 520 plus active SaaS 
customers. Our tech platforms enabled active 60,000-plus homebuyers and 10,000-plus renters 
explore their real estate purchase and rental needs. This quarter, we have completed the 
integration of NestAway into Aurum PropTech's ecosystem and have commenced to calibrate 
it's user experience, operational excellence, and upgrade its data-driven technology offerings for 
demand and supply matching of rental real estate. 
From a financial standpoint, post-acquisition, we have focused on restructuring and turnaround 
of the business. Key initiatives implemented have been exit from nonprofitable cities, 
rationalizing tech and infra cost, organization restructure refined performance marketing, and 
addressing customer grievances. With this, we have significantly brought down the losses of 
NestAway, whereas at the same time, increasing occupancy rates by 11% during this quarter. 
These are some big wins for us and set us on the path to achieve our first milestone of wiping 
out losses at NestAway by December 2023. 
HelloWorld Technologies' revenue stood at an ARR of INR107.04 crores for the quarter, 
showing a 25% quarter-on-quarter growth. Additionally, quarter-on-quarter, there was 13% 
increase in operational beds and 20% in tenants serviced. We also made gains of 17% in revenue 
per employee. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Aurum Analytica, our data analytics business, has now hit a 235% year-on-year growth with 
61,000-plus prospects identified with our data analytics suite. We now have more than 100 
projects signed on the platform across India. 
BeyondWalls continues to hold leadership position in Pune market with INR283 crores worth 
of inventory invoiced on the platform. Monk Tech Labs, 13% quarter-on-quarter growth and 
processed $6 million worth of transactions for rental real estate across the globe on its platform. 
Integrow Asset Management and Aurum WiseX did a joint GTM by launching a tech-enabled 
real estate PMS. This quarter, 5,800-plus new users were added to the Aurum WiseX platform, 
demonstrating traction in the Neo-realty platform that it poses. 
As we move forward into the year, we would like to reiterate our continued commitment to 
further scale up PropTech's business with tech, services and capital integrated play. 
I will now hand over to Kunal Karan, CFO, Aurum PropTech. 
Kunal Karan: 
Thank you, Onkar. Good afternoon, all. The Board has approved the results for the quarter and 
H1 ended September 30, 2023, at its meeting held on October 23, 2023. 
I will take this opportunity to take you through some of the numbers for this quarter. Revenue 
from operations for the quarter was INR 52.77 crores as compared to INR 44.16 crores in the 
previous quarter, increased by 19%. And compared to corresponding quarter previous year that 
increased 86%. 
The total income for the quarter was INR 57.53 crores as compared to INR 47.71 crores in the 
previous quarter, increased by 18%, and for the corresponding quarter previous year that 
increased 87%. Loss for the quarter is INR 23.89 crores as compared to INR 16.12 crores in the 
previous quarter. 
Segment results. SaaS and RaaS revenue for the quarter was INR 6.25 crores and INR 46.52 
crores respectively. Revenue from operations for the H1 was INR 96.93 crores as compared to 
INR 42.94 crores in the corresponding period previous year, increased by 126%. Total income 
for H1 was INR 105.2 crores as compared to INR 46.56 crores in the corresponding previous 
quarter -- sorry, previous year, increased by 126%. 
Loss for H1 was INR 40 crores as compared to INR 18 crores in the corresponding previous 
year. The segment revenue, SaaS and RaaS revenue of H1 was INR 11.97 crores and INR 84.96 
crores, respectively. 
With this, I will pass on the call to the operator to open the floor for the question-and-answer 
session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri, Crown Capital. Please go ahead.  

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Congratulations on a great of results. Sir, I just wanted to know -- with our various, now, 
businesses, how soon can we expect maybe positive EBITDA and PAT? Like what would be 
our timeline for it? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes, Darshil. This is Hiren this side. On EBITDA and PAT, as we have maintained in the 
previous quarterly updates as well, we are looking at the next 4 or 5 quarters where bulk of our 
cost optimization initiatives, etc will start showing results. As Mr. Deora and Kunal have already 
pointed out, this quarter and the previous quarters have been more about capacity building, and 
we see a stabilization of a lot of our costs in the coming quarters. 
Kunal Karan: 
So, Darshil, if you see only the EBITDA numbers, I will not say EBITDA, maybe adjusted 
EBITDA, maybe after ESOP we are already positive. So, in that case EBITDA positive, we don't 
see a challenge. But definitely, PAT, we'll take couple of more quarters to be PAT positive. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, sir. And sir, with regards to our major five, six segments of business. I think last quarter, 
we were saying around two are already PBT positive. So, is that the same this quarter too? Or 
have more businesses now started becoming PBT positive? 
Hiren Ladva: 
If you see the two businesses that we said they are positive and they have already crossed the 
breakeven, but definitely, we have to build up our revenue considering the next 2 quarters are 
very important in the real estate sector. So, we are trying to build up capacity, and for that, we 
have taken some additional cost from this quarter to build up that base. 
So otherwise, if we are on a steady operation, so there is no problem in terms of tax for those 
profitable companies. And mostly, the companies which are contributing 60% to 70% of our 
revenue, they are all, in that sense, positive if we see a constant kind of position. But we 
definitely want to grow, and that much of additional investment we are doing for the businesses 
to grow, both in terms of revenue. And definitely, it will give results continuously going ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay. Sir, there are two more questions, if I may? 
Ashish Deora: 
Yes. Yes, Darshil. Please go ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes.. So just wanted to -- our other expenses have increased. So just wanted to know the 
variability of our expenses right now, if we could? So as the revenue will grow, what point 
operating leverage will kick in? Like current, our expenses, how much percentage of employee 
cost will be increasing more? And -- so how much of other expenses would now -- have we 
reached the stabilization of employee and other expenses is what I mean to say, so that now the 
additional revenue will directly flow through? Or do you think we need some more other variable 
expenses that will also be a part, that will become more costly for us? So that's one question. 
And do we stand by our INR 100 crores target for Q4 FY '24? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So, I will take the first one. So definitely, with our current expense base, and it is spread around 
7 to 8 businesses. And based on the current performance, so the variable expense varies from, I 
would say, unit-wise, from say 24% to around 90% in some case, but at the overall level, with 
the current expense, it is more or less 50% of the expense is variable and 50% is fixed. But it 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
varies from unit to unit. So that is very difficult to answer that how much is variable and how 
much is fixed. So, you can keep this fixed cost as a base and we can move ahead then. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Okay, sir. And with Q4, will we be able to reach INR100 crores revenue? And would that be 
possible, sir? 
Ashish Deora: 
Darshil, this is Ashish here. First on, just to add to what Kunal and Hiren already said on our 
numbers, NestAway, which was losing INR 40 crores annually, now is looking to get profitable. 
And that is the kind of discipline we bring with capital and unit economics is what we believe 
here. And that's across all the businesses, all the brands, all the products. 
On the INR 100 crores number, we are well geared to get close to INR 100 crores. Obviously, 
with the acquisition of NestAway, the management team and the capital and a lot of our energy 
has gone into reorganizing the NestAway, integrating that with HelloWorld and vice versa, and 
also to make the largest central management platform in the country. 
So, while organically we believe that the revenue will get close to INR 100 crores, I think the 
focus really is to kind of get profitable at the earliest, be EBITDA positive in each and every 
product, and ensure that we continue our dominance in the rental management platform. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavik Mehta from Roots Ventures. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
So, my primary question was around the SaaS and the RaaS business that we report. So, do we 
actively track the retention rates, the quarter-on-quarter or annual retention rates on these 
recurring businesses? And also, what part of it is driven by cross-selling products given that now 
we have complete end-to-end service and tech offerings? So, are we able to cross-sell across our 
products? And if yes, what the contribution of that? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhavik. So firstly, on Saas and RaaS. So definitely for SaaS, as well as RaaS, 
we definitely track retention more so where the businesses are B2B in nature, right? So, for 
example, retention is not actually really applicable for the rental business, but for rest of our 
businesses, yes, we do track retention at individual business levels. And within SaaS itself, we 
have, at an aggregate level, maintained more than 100% net retention over the last three, four 
quarters for all the businesses, which is both sell.do as well as the couple of products from Monk 
Tech Labs. 
In terms of cross-sell, yes, where 1 part of the activity, which has been taken up for the last 
couple of quarters is actively building capacity, which is helping us to cross-sell. And there are 
several initiatives that we have already called out in the past. Notably, for example, between 
Integrow, WiseX, and Aurum Analytica; or between Aurum Analytica and WiseX; or between 
Aurum Analytica and HelloWorld; as well as between BeyondWalls and Integrow, right? So, 
there are various such interactions where not only customer connects, but the relationships are 
also leveraged, and hence, we are able to bring the same customer through multiple touch points 
within the entire life cycle. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sure. So, what part of our INR 57 crores revenue would then be B2B versus B2C? Although 
you've already mentioned broad company-wise data. But if you were to evaluate it from that 
lens, what part of our revenue would be B2B? 
Hiren Ladva: 
I would say, of the INR 57 crores, I think roughly INR 30 crores would be B2C. I'm giving a 
very rough number, but we can get back to you with a more exact number. But it's roughly 
around that, which would be B2C and the balance would be B2B. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sure. So, I think the -- next question is that given the tailwinds around the real estate sector 
across the country. So, do we think that our B2B segment is growing commensurate to that? Or 
is there some missing element that -- now that we have enough quarters of data with us, so do 
we think there are some bottlenecks or some acquisitions which are not yet streamlined as you 
would have imagined, given that we are -- although INR 100 crores was an aggressive target, 
but we are not getting closer to that. I'm sure it will be a bit short. So, what is your opinion that 
are we growing commensurate with the industry? Or certain segments that have lagged behind 
and certain that have outperformed? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So, let me take it in 2 parts. One is, how have we grown related to the industry? I think I can 
confidently say that when we are growing at an aggregate level close to 100% year-on-year, and 
kind of when you compare current quarter to previous year's quarter, or you compare the trailing 
12 months to the year before, we have demonstrated more than 100% growth consistently as we 
see over the last 3 quarters, right? 
And why I'm saying only last 3 quarters is that's where bulk of our businesses have consolidated 
together and hence that gives a more appropriate and relevant view as you were -- right? So yes, 
in that sense, yes, our growth rates have been, I would say, much higher than the market growth 
rates. 
Secondly, in terms of the tailwinds. There are predominantly two sectors that we can look at 
where we are present from a larger revenue base point of view. There are two, three other 
segments which are kind of growth areas, but I'll talk on the first 2 parts. One is the rental market, 
which Mr. Deora already kind of talked about being a $23 billion, $24 billion market as of today, 
and within that, living and the rental space, we have now become the market leaders and the 
growth will continue. 
This is a B2C business. So, the growth rate here will be kind of -- we have seen, for example, 
HelloWorld started with an ARR of roughly INR 38 crores, March 2022. And today, we are at 
INR108 crores as we speak today, right? So that's the kind of growth that we have seen in this 
business. And we feel that if not 100%, we'll be in a fairly good territory of upwards of 50%, 
60% and more over the next 12 months. 
As far as the other business is concerned in terms of tailwinds, which is the transaction business, 
which I believe we are referring to in the residential side. So there, both Analytica as well as 
BeyondWalls and sell.do, plus our in-house businesses like Aurum KuberX as well as 
InstaHome, all five of these businesses will see a good performance in Q3 and Q4. And that's 
where our capacity building activities have also happened in the current quarter, right? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
So, we definitely feel that the tailwinds are going to have a positive impact on the performance 
in the coming quarters. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sure. So, if you were to speak of HelloWorld specifically. So, do we categorize it as a non-tech 
business offering for now? Because it although is growing at a very fast pace, but primarily, 
would we categorize it as a tech business because that is more on the co-living rental piece. And 
the NestAway acquisition that we've done, we could categorize it more as tech? Is that the correct 
understanding? 
Onkar Shetye: 
So, both businesses will fall under the tech category. NestAway will fall under the discovery 
plus fulfilment category and so will HelloWorld. Both are dealing with two different types of 
assets and both are tech solutioning both sides, supply and demand as well. At HelloWorld, you 
are solutioning with tech on the supply side by the way of giving a rental management software 
to the landlord of the property, who is able to then manage his MIS, building P&Ls, tenant 
experience and so on. And on the demand side, you are able to give the discovery platform and 
also various other value-added services on the HelloWorld app. Similarly, NestAway also 
follows the same journey. So, we would definitely categorize both as tech-enabled businesses in 
the rental real estate space. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sure. And -- although we've mentioned that the NestAway losses have reduced. So, has that 
come at the cost of lower revenues for us at this point -- this quarter, given I think that the time 
that we had announced the acquisition, the ARR would have been much higher? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes, Mr. Bhavik. Actually, there has been a very marginal impact on the monthly revenue, 
simply because what the team has done is they have taken an exit from cities which are not 
contributing to the top line at all, but contributing significantly to the cost structure, right? So 
that's one reason why the cost structures have gone down significantly, but at the same time, 
they have not impacted the top line in a big way. 
Secondly, during the quarter, while we were looking at all the cost optimization measures, the 
team was actively working on customer experience and ensuring that the brand visibility 
remains, as well as there is a positive understanding of how NestAway is transforming, and 
which we saw that in the 5 or in the 6 cities that we are currently present in, the gross addition 
of tenants has actually been positive, right? So, net-net, the revenue impact has been there, but 
it's very marginal in terms of revenues per month. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
So, would it be possible to share Q-o-Q numbers or Y-o-Y numbers for NestAway? So, it's INR7 
crores this quarter. What would have that been on a comparative basis last year or maybe even 
the previous quarter? 
Hiren Ladva: 
From an ARR point of view, for example, NestAway in Q1 of FY '24 was around INR35.5 
crores. This is from ARR point of view. And this quarter, Q2, it has gone down to INR32 crores. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. Understood. And my last question is about the PMS that we have launched. So does that 
mean that the data that we are gathering around the various properties, we would utilize that and 
target specific projects via PMS or the AIF route. Is that the next step in that direction? Or how 
are we planning to utilize the PMS in this context? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Hiren Ladva: 
So, this definitely provides us an opportunity to leverage the neo-realty PMS across our other 
products like BeyondWalls, Sell.do, Analytica, and so on. However, first, the idea is to have this 
PMS operate independently on a stand-alone basis. And once we have gathered enough traction 
to it, then we start integrating other businesses as well. The route to PMS is, of course, converting 
that to a financial instrument and then rolling it out as a PMS. So that journey also needs to be 
taken care of, where the supplier or the property owner or the landlord is also to be considered. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Okay. So, there is no identified property or regions that you've defined within the PMS? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Since this is only the launch phase, we have not yet gone on to synchronize all our micro markets 
onto the PMS. The first phase of PMS will operate on a standalone basis, where we will build 
acquisition and distribution capabilities at Aurum WiseX, and once that has gained traction, we 
will start onboarding other ecosystem assets also. 
Bhavik Mehta: 
Sure. So, my last question is again from what the previous question -- from the previous caller 
that would we be in line to touch INR 75 crores to INR 100 crores in Q4? Or we'll have to watch 
it quarter by quarter? 
Ashish Deora: 
Bhavik bhai, this is Ashish here. So, revenue is organically getting close to INR 100 crores is 
our indication. As we talked about the growth percentage that we have seen over the last 3 
quarters, over year-on-year, quarter-on-quarter, I think we have seen a steady growth. The 
challenge really to grow with keeping unit economics in mind. Challenge really is to grow with 
disciplined capital behaviour in mind, right? So, while we are all very enthused about getting 
close to INR 100 crores revenue in Q4, but we will keep a very, very keen eye on the unit 
economics and capital behaviour. 
Having said that, focus has moved a little bit in this quarter from aggressive growth to becoming 
the largest central management platform in the country. And that pivot has happened because of 
NestAway -- because of the acquisition of NestAway, and because of the results that we are 
seeing at HelloWorld and NestAway. However, as we all talked, the numbers of Analytica, the 
numbers of WiseX, they are all looking to grow to 2x of what it has been in this quarter to Q4. 
That is what we are expecting... 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devang Chokhany from Devang Management. 
Devang Chokhany: 
So, my question was from NestAway. So, we have seen NestAway grow at a valuation of 
INR1,810-odd crores at its peak. So, do we see NestAway being scaled up that hugely in the 
near future? 
Onkar Shetye: 
Devang, there are enough reference points that we can feel confident about with respect to 
NestAway's valuation in the future once we start getting efficiency in its management practices 
and also operations and unit economics. One big reference point is a company in Brazil by the 
name QuintoAndar. QuintoAndar manages 80,000-odd rental units in Brazil and is valued at 
$3.5 billion in a market which is behaving similar to India, in a demographic that is similar to 
India, and even the real estate assets behave similar to India. So that gives us confidence with 
respect to NestAway's future valuation. It also had a similar investor base that we saw in 
NestAway. Some of the prominent names like Goldman, Tiger were a part of the investors. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Devang Chokhany: 
Sure. Also, could you throw some light on the TAM of the rental market? Do you have any 
assessment on the same? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Devang, Hiren here. You are referring to the TAM of the NestAway, right? 
Devang Chokhany: 
Of NestAway and the rental market as a whole. 
Hiren Ladva: 
So yes, see, rental market right now, one as Mr. Deora called out, it's a very large opportunity 
with a $24 billion to $25 billion of rental money transacted on an annual basis. There are various 
ways to cut and dice the market. But if we even look at the top metros, top 15 to 20 cities, then 
probably 60%, 70% of the market will be sitting there. Now within that, the promising segment 
or the promising trend, which over the last couple of quarters has been getting good bit of 
coverage in terms of the changing needs of the younger generation, right? 
So, there are 3, 4 things which are happening. One, large companies, not just IT companies, but 
large tech companies have started setting up shop in India, specifically in -- not just -- beyond 
the IT companies, in the sector of semiconductors, etcetera, so electronics manufacturing. Plus, 
followed by, there is a big trend of global capability centres being set up in India. 
So, all these setups and infrastructure addition is leading to growth of white-collar jobs in the 
top -- in the metro cities, and there's going to be huge amount of recruitment from the campuses 
and the young working professionals are going to throng to the cities. And they would be needing 
these housing needs, which are kind of modern, which are standardized, are much more hygienic, 
are much more organized. 
And this kind of tenant base is obviously very net savvy and they need solutions which are not 
just enabled by tech for discovery, but also during the consumption cycle, right? So entire tenant 
experience, the housing renting experience, etcetera, has to be digitized. And that's where lies 
the opportunity of growth for the new segment within the rental market, which is the shared 
accommodation and the shared unit, right? And that's where we see an exponential growth 
happening in the said accommodation segment. 
And this market is, I would say, a fraction of the overall rental opportunity right now, but it's 
going to grow significantly. So that's broadly our assessment of rental TAM. And I hope that 
gives you a fair idea, Devang. 
Onkar Shetye: 
Devang, I think it will be a $15 billion market by 2025, we should have, and there's reports 
where we'll circulate to you. It should have a size of around 4.5 million consumers looking for 
a rental solution -- 5.7 million consumers acquiring rental solutioning in top 30 metro cities in 
the country. 
Devang Chokhany: 
Okay. That looks like a huge opportunity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Alpesh Thacker, who's an individual Investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Alpesh Thacker: 
This is more on the transaction business side, which is BeyondWalls. So, what... 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt you, but your voice is a little muffled. If you are on a -- I request you to use 
the handset. 
Alpesh Thacker: 
Sure. So, this was regarding... 
Moderator: 
Please go ahead, Alpesh. I think I have lost the line for Mr. Alpesh. We move to the next 
question. The next question is from the line of Satyen from PGPL Limited. 
Satyen: 
I was just going through all the presentations made by Aurum briefly because I just want to 
understand what's the company's plan towards this capital segment, which covers Aurum 
KuberX, Integrow, and WiseX? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So Mr. Satyen, even the capital segment what we are looking at is where we can play a tech-led 
role as far as investment and financing is concerned. To start with, KuberX is directly addressing 
the financing journey in the real estate sector, which happens to be mostly in the housing sector, 
right? And the idea is to leverage our presence through businesses like BeyondWalls, 
InstaHome, and then other businesses which are allied to the transactions journey, so that we 
can offer attractive financing solutions to the homebuyers, which could be both in primary as 
well as secondary sale market, right? 
And what we have done here is in the tech platform, which helps in distribution of the financing 
products through tie-ups with leading banks in India. So that's 1 segment. The other 2 businesses 
are on the institutional side, wherein Integrow Asset Management Company, in a very simple 
model, it enables attractive financing to a developer through a tech platform, which helps in not 
just underwriting of the project, but also tech-enabled monitoring of the project. And this adds 
a very differentiated layer of transparency to potential investors who want to invest in these 
projects, right? 
And how we do that? We do it through the AIF group, wherein we have a couple of funds 
addressing both the residential and commercial market, invest and to gain out of the attractive 
returns that they get. And the developers, on the other hand, get access to a more institutional 
and diversified capital to finance their projects. 
Now the third business, which is WiseX. That is a tech platform that we have built what we call 
as the neo-realty platform, which enables distribution of this financing products to a much wider 
net beyond just the institutional financings or NBFCs, right? So, there are HNIs who want to 
participate in this journey -- journey of investment into property sector, which is not just in the 
development space, but it could be in kind of leverage assets or products like LRDs, etcetera, 
right? So, this platform enables the investors to gain access to investment products in this 
particular sector, right? So that's broadly the business models of the 3 plays that we have in the 
capital segment. 
Satyen: 
Okay. So, I even wanted to understand, does the company in future plan to even have a product 
something like a REIT? 
Hiren Ladva: 
At the moment, that's not on the radar. We are focusing on the products that we have launched, 
and the idea is to grow and build these products. Having said that, yes, SEBI has kind of launched 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
a consultation paper on what was known as fractional ownership. And that should be 
implemented through an MSME REIT is what they are proposing. But we are awaiting -- we 
await the formal announcement of the regulation from SEBI and then we can respond better to 
that. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Darshil from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
I just wanted to ask maybe like our journey, I think you started in the last 3 years, you achieved 
a lot. So maybe even six quarters down the line, we'll achieve profitability. But as we're such a 
unique company, maybe beyond the 6 quarters that we see, maybe in FY '26, how would profits 
move like in so many diverse sectors? Could you just give some kind of colour on what kind of 
margin would be -- what our company could have, something that could maybe help us that is 
the target that can happen, like that is the company's potential. 
Because we've grown at a tremendous rate and we have so many diverse products. So, something 
that could help people, who are not in this field, understand, okay, 6 months -- we'll take this 
much time to reach profitability, but after that it's going to be a very nonlinear growth and 
explosive growth in profitability. So, something along those lines of colour. Maybe not just a 
fixed number, but just some kind of colour or anything would be very helpful. 
Hiren Ladva: 
Darshil, I think the answer to your question is in your question itself that it's going to be very 
difficult to put a fixed or even a range around that at the moment. And why is also kind of -- you 
have also called out the why. But broadly, how we see it is, there are different businesses. As 
you rightly -- as you understand it very well, they'll have their different sets of profitability. But 
our minds and our energies right now are focused on growing some of this business over the 
next few quarters, keeping in mind that we have a good tab on the overall operational efficiencies 
and hence the profitability, right? 
Once -- for example, NestAway is a classic example where we have taken that focus for the next 
-- for the previous quarter as well as the next quarter to first reach the unit economics level and 
then see what is the reasonable way to kind of grow this product both from a handsome growth 
point of view, but at the same time, not losing or not compromising on the unit economics, right? 
So that will remain our kind of direction. 
But at the same time, you'll have to give us a few more quarters to give what could be the range 
in terms of the profitability at the consol level that we could expect. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
No, no. I understand that, sir. Just what I was curious about. But sir, are we decently sure that 
maybe in FY '25, we'll be able to be breakeven on consol level? Is that a fair assumption, sir? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Mr. Darshil, I'm sorry, I couldn't get you on the -- if you could repeat your question. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
No, no. I was asking on -- like maybe in FY '25, we will be able to have like a positive PBT, 
maybe? Like is that a fair assumption? Or maybe that also we could maybe come to in the next 
1 or 2 quarters. Just some colour on that, if that would be it, sir. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Hiren Ladva: 
Yes, all our efforts are in that direction, right? However, I think the next 2 quarters pan out and 
we'll have a better clarity on, one, exactly this quarter, and exactly what next. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Alpesh Thacker, who is an individual investor. 
Alpesh Thacker: 
Sorry I got disconnected, What is the GTV under BeyondWalls platform? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Mr. Alpesh, we couldn't hear you very clearly. 
Alpesh Thacker: 
What was the GTV in this quarter? 
Moderator: 
Alpesh, your voice is breaking. If you're in an area that has no network, I request you to move 
to a better network area. We seem to have lost the line for Alpesh, again. We'll move to the next 
question. The next question is from Rajesh Shah, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Rajesh Shah: 
Yes. Actually, I was referring to the investor presentation slide and just wanted to understand 
the Aurum operating model that has been highlighted this quarter. If you could just throw some 
light on how we are working with the different companies in terms of NestAway and what is the 
ecosystem collaboration that's happening over there? 
Hiren Ladva: 
So, I recollect the slide you are talking about, right? So that's broadly our guiding principle, how 
we engage with all the businesses that we have under our ecosystem fold as of now, right? And 
it does not apply to 1 specific company. It actually applies to all the businesses, right? So, in the 
interest of time, I'll try to summarize it very quickly. But at the high level what we at Aurum 
PropTech level here focus is on some of the things which are very given in terms of the 
governance and the risk, the GRC framework as we call it, from a strategic oversight point of 
view, how the fields are aligned, how they are reviewed, etcetera. 
And then what is there with the partner companies is more on -- or the business is more on the 
execution, the ownership over the product, the ownership over the customer and the go-to-
market strategy, right? So, these are all things that they individually take care of. Now what is 
common and where the collaboration happens is where we bring in the shared services like, for 
example, which we have done not just for NestAway, but for K2V2, for Analytica, for 
HelloWorld, is to have a centralized team, which works on the financing and accounting side, 
which works on the legal and compliance side. 
HR specifically, the culture part, the processes part, etcetera, are kind of individually owned by 
the business heads. But at the central level, there are certain policies, code of conduct, the HR 
compliance part, right, which are guidelines set up by -- at the Aurum PropTech level. 
Now where the business collaborations happen is what we call as the Aurum Ecosystem 
Collaboration, right, where we bring in, let's say, all the marketing excellence across different 
businesses and we kind of provide a platform where all the leaders, marketing leaders of all the 
businesses can come and meet each other, discuss joint strategies and exchange notes, etcetera, 
right? 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
I am just taking marketing as an example. But the same applies for tech and engineering teams, 
the product teams, and what we do apart from that is to have certain initiatives, right, which are 
engaging with the business heads of each of these companies to bring together joint go-to-market 
strategies. There are initiatives on how we make best use of the data that we are collecting and 
building as we build the individual businesses together. 
And there are a lot of things which happen on the software side, which is to recognize great 
talent across all different businesses, right? So, when we give them a common platform for 
recognizing some of the best performances and the excellence in various fields across the 
different businesses, right? So, there's a different level of motivation that percolates all the way 
down to all the businesses, right? So that's where the collaboration starts happening, right? 
But at an operational level, at the business operations level, all the individual businesses take 
care of their day-to-day kind of activities themselves, right? So that's broadly how our kind of 
the operating model that we have illustrated works. 
Rajesh Shah: 
Got it. And another question was mainly that because we have couple of businesses catering to 
similar business models, example, BeyondWalls and Analytica doing something similar in terms 
of residential sales or HelloWorld and NestAway being similar in terms of models pretty much. 
Do we see consolidation of businesses happening in the future? 
Hiren Ladva: 
Actually, they -- for example, NestAway and HelloWorld, right? So, they cater to 2 different 
renting needs, right? So, HelloWorld, for example, caters to shared accommodation, co-living, 
whereas NestAway predominantly focuses on family living, right? So, there is a small overlap 
between the target customer segments, but the supply time is fairly different, right? 
So that way, yes, some of the synergies and operational efficiencies will arrive out of the 
customer side and the GTN side between HelloWorld and NestAway. Between BeyondWalls 
and Analytica, again, the operating models are different, right? So, end of the day, yes, you are 
addressing a developer's need to take their product to the market, which we call as the 
distribution. But the ways and means that we do is different because the developer community 
is also not a homogeneous community, right? 
So, one, there are geographical segments, but beyond that, there are also different needs that 
developers have across the distribution needs, right, which is some developers may need just the 
digital marketing side of it, and whereas there are certain developers who actually give AOPs 
and mandates for tech-driven companies like BeyondWalls to enable the transactions 
completely, right? So, the business models are different, though kind of the life cycle of the 
distribution may feel similar across the two businesses. 
Moderator: 
Well, that was the last question in queue. I would now like to hand the conference back to Ms. 
Vanessa Fernandes for closing comments. 
Vanessa Fernandes: 
Thanks, Rayo. Thank you, everyone, for taking the time out to join us on this call. We 
wholeheartedly appreciate your continued interest in Aurum PropTech, and we look forward to 
having you on the next call again. Have a good evening ahead. 

 
Aurum PropTech Limited 
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Aurum PropTech Limited, that concludes the conference. 
Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
