Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
T: +91-40-40099999 
(Formerly known as Tanla Solutions Limited) 
 info@tanla.com 
Tanla Technology Center 
 
 
 www.tanla.com 
Hi-tech city Road, Madhapur,  
 
 
 
Hyderabad, India - 500081 
CIN: L72200TG1995PLC021262 
 
Date: October 24, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 532790 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
“Exchange Plaza” 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: TANLA 
 
Dear Madam/Sir,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for UFR Q2-FY2023-24. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the 
Earnings Call on Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023, held on Friday, October 20, 2023, at 4:30 PM IST. 
 
The transcript is uploaded on company’s website as well on below link: 
 
https://www.tanla.com/media/announcement/ec_transcriptq2fy24.pdf  
 
Request you to take the same on record and oblige.  
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tanla Platforms Limited 
 
 
 
Seshanuradha Chava 
General Counsel & Company Secretary 
ACS-15519 
SESHANURADH
A CHAVA
Digitally signed by 
SESHANURADHA CHAVA 
Date: 2023.10.24 17:42:40 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
Tanla Platforms Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 20, 2023 
 
Call Duration 
▪ 
47 minutes 
Management 
▪ 
Ritu Mehta - Head of Investor Relations 
▪ 
Uday Kumar Reddy - Founder, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer 
▪ 
Deepak Goyal - Executive Director & Chief Business Officer 
▪ 
Aravind Viswanathan - Chief Financial Officer 
Participants that asked 
the questions 
▪ 
Amit Chandra - HDFC Securities 
▪ 
Balaji Subramanian - IIFL 
▪ 
Deepak Chokhani - Reed Capital 
▪ 
Mohit Motwani - Nuvama 
▪ 
Anil Sarin - Centrum Wealth 
▪ 
Tejas Shah - Laser Securities 
▪ 
Amit Mishra - Individual Investor 
▪ 
Swapnil Potdukhe - JM Financial 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 13 
Operator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Tanla Platforms Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta from Tanla Platforms Limited. 
Thank you and over to you. 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
Good evening and welcome to Q2 earnings call. Joining with us today are Uday 
Reddy, Founder, Chairman and CEO; Deepak Goyal, Executive Director and 
Chief Business Officer; and Aravind Viswanathan, CFO. Uday will share his 
perspectives on business imperatives and strategic progress made. After his 
opening remarks, we will be happy to engage with participants and address their 
questions. 
 
Before I hand it over to Uday, let me draw your attention to the fact that today's 
discussion may feature statements that are forward-looking in nature. All 
statements other than statements of historical facts could be deemed forward-
looking in nature. Such statements are inherently subject to risk and 
uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. A detailed 
disclosure in this regard is mentioned in the results presentation that is uploaded 
on our website. Audio recording and the transcript will be available on the 
website soon. 
 
I now hand it over to Uday. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you, Ritu. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining the call. I would 
like to make four points before we get into Q&A. The first point is about financial 
overview. Q2 has been a milestone year for us with revenue crossing ₹1,000 
crore for the first time. We delivered 19% revenue growth and 30% PAT growth 
with ₹131 crore of free cash flow. 
 
The second update I would like to give you around ValueFirst. So ValueFirst 
delivered very strong performance in Q2 and contributed an incremental 
revenue of around ₹100 crore at a consolidated level. So ValueFirst was 
operating at 7% EBITDA before our acquisition. ValueFirst operated at 20% 
EBITDA in the first quarter of consolidation due to improved cost of sourcing and 
synergy efficiencies. We expect this business to operate at around 15%. 
 
We expect to complete the ValueFirst overseas acquisition in Q3 subjected to 
regulatory approvals in local geographies. They would add around ₹60 crores 
to ₹70 crores on a quarterly basis to our top line. The overseas business 
operates an EBITDA profitability of low single digit, and we don't have the same 
level of synergies in those geographies. It takes a bit of time to drive the higher 
profitability. We expect to see the full impact of acquisition in Q4 of this financial 
year. 
 
And the third update I would like to give you on organic growth. So we delivered 
7% organic growth on revenues YoY, and flat on a sequential basis. We have 
tailwind of price increase for two months in domestic business, which contributed 
around ₹35 crores growth sequentially. However, the demand was elastic and 
we saw a drop in the volumes of around 7% in domestic business. 
 
So let me give you an update on Wisely ATP, which I think we have a lot of 
inquiries about Wisely ATP ever since we announced results to market. So 
Wisely ATP is the biggest innovation of Tanla and Gartner has recently come 
out with the Magic Quadrant for the CPaaS industry. And so they have 

 
Page 3 of 13 
recognised Tanla as a visionary in the quadrant and that is a reflection on our 
innovation. 
 
So when it comes to monetisation of Wisely ATP, we are in the final leg of 
commercial discussions, commercial closures with leading banks in India. So, if 
everything goes right, we should be able to go live during Q3. So, as and when 
we go live, definitely we'd like to update all of you. 
 
So in terms of the Q3 outlook, we expect this Q3 to be a growth quarter. We 
clearly see two levers. The first is the domestic price increase. Enterprises 
optimise their spends, particularly on the promotional campaigns, which I expect 
to reverse in Q3. We will also get the full quarter benefit of price increase, as 
that was effective only for two months in Q2. The second lever is typically Q3 is 
a strong quarter with a potential Phase 2 spends, which will drive our business 
growth. So in terms of the margins, we expect to be range bound at the current 
levels. 
 
So with this, let's get up to Q&A and we will have a very detailed discussion on 
business and financials. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Operator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and one on the touch-tone 
telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may 
press star and two. Participants are requested to use handsets, while asking a 
question. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. 
 
We have our first question from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on the organic revenue. 
You mentioned that we had price increase and we have a volume drop off, 
around 7%. So the volume drop is a function of the price increase and the lower 
promotional spend or is it also a function of the consolidation that has happened 
in the industry where two of the larger players like Kaleyra and TeleSign has 
been acquired. So is that impact of that also, because those volumes have 
moved out? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, Amit, I don't think there is any consolidation effect because those are really 
not two businesses operating in India. What we think is largely, it is driven from 
a price elasticity point of view from a demand standpoint. Of course, there were 
some IPL related spends in Q1 which would not have repeated in Q2. But clearly 
the impact that we saw is that customers did optimise their promotional spends 
in light of the price increase. So I would say there was more direct correlation 
between the price increase and volume drop than any other factor. So Deepak 
you want to add anything here? 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. In terms of the price increases how it has been taken by the enterprises. 
So like is it just a temporary kind of a phase where they are just like realigning 
to the new pricing structure and these trends as you said will come back. So 
what is the confidence level in terms of saying that the promotion spend or the 
regular spend will come back in terms of volumes. And also if you can, as I said 
that the margin impact in this quarter on the organic front was offset by higher 
margins on the ValueFirst. So like on the organic front, despite price hike, are 
we seeing margin compression in the organic side of the business? 
 

 
Page 4 of 13 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, two questions, Amit. So, Deepak will address the first question which is 
largely in terms of the how the customers are reacted to price increase and how 
sustainable we believe it is. So, Deepak, maybe you can start off and I will take 
the second question. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
In terms of promotional spend, Amit, see whenever there is a price increase, 
obviously it has not been taken very nicely, right? So the customer takes some 
time to digest that, and then there are some budgetary approvals also what they 
need. So that takes time, so it happens every time, I mean there is nothing new 
in that. And what we feel is that promotional spend will be back with a bang in 
Q3. Now the festive season has started and it will be back. It has already started 
to coming back as I would say. So yeah, this is what it is. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, Amit, on your second question, the price increase is not margin dilutive from 
a percentage standpoint. So there are multiple levers on profitability that keep 
moving up and down, but price increase if anything would be accretive on a 
steady state to margin percentage. So that’s really not how it has played out this 
time. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay. And the impact that we will have, so you mentioned about the loss of 
contract, the VIL, the contract loss that we have. So that impact will mostly come 
in quarter three and quarter four. So, will it because it is impacting the higher 
margin kind of a business. So can we see at the consolidated level, the margins 
are sustainable at 18%, 19% or we can see some margin pressure in the coming 
quarters. And also if you can comment on the ATP, they mentioned that it’s like 
going on and the POCs are still going on, but any status of tie-ups with other 
telcos because we have Wisely ATP tie-up with one telco. So are we targeting 
other telcos also in terms of tie-up? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Amit, Uday here. In terms of your question on the VIL deal. I think we may 
not see any impact in Q3. That's what my belief. That's number one. Number 
two is, meanwhile, we are concentrating on other businesses where it is 
expected to compensate the loss of opportunity with VIL. So net-net, we don't 
see any margin pressure going forward. That's the number one. 
 
Number two, in terms of Wisely ATP, not that POC has been ever ending. We 
have completed the POC for three months for the four large banks in India. The 
platform has demonstrated a phenomenal result. It is almost brought down the 
complaints by 90%, including with HDFC and other banks. So, but as I 
mentioned earlier, this product needs bit of approvals from the various 
regulators. That's where it's going very, very slow. Now we have clarified lot of 
points with the various regulators, mainly with the RBI and the TRAI and DOT. 
And our business teams are engaged fully with the banks to close the 
commercials. If I'm allowed to say, we kind of closed the commercials with one 
of the largest banks in India, but we just about to close an agreement. So, as 
and when we close one agreement, that agreement, we should able to go live, 
and then it becomes easier for us to close with other enterprise. 
 
Amit Chandra: 
Okay, Uday. And thank you and all the best. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. Thanks, Amit. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thanks, Amit. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Balaji from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 
 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Good afternoon. Congrats on a strong quarter. So, I have two questions. So, 
first is, what is the status of the deal that you signed with the largest e-commerce 

 
Page 5 of 13 
player, which you announced during last quarter's result? Number two would be, 
can you just remind me on how the NLD, SMS pricing stacks up with respect to 
other channels, especially after this price increase? Thank you. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Deepak, you want to take both the questions, please? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. Sure. So Balaji, the international customer which we mentioned last 
quarter, the onboarding is complete and we already started seeing some 
revenues and some traffics flowing into our platforms. But it is not completely 
fully ramped up as of now as it takes time. But we feel that in Q3, the ramp-up 
would be completed and we'll have the full capacity coming onto us by the time 
we exit Q3. So it has already started. The customer is onboarded and the 
business has already started in Q3. So that is one. And what was another 
question? 
 
Balaji Subramanian: 
The other one was on the, after these NLD price hikes, how does the NLD price 
stack up with respect to other channels like, say a WhatsApp, or an RCS, or 
even an email for that matter? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, the NLD price is still cheaper than other channels like RCS and WhatsApp 
even after the price increase. But yeah, RCS and WhatsApp have their own 
features, their own advantages. So it all depends. Now, it is more like providing 
a complete mix of the channels to the customer and the customer would decide 
which one to pick up, because WhatsApp, and RCS, and even Truecaller, they 
provide rich media, they provide conversational facilities and long messages. 
So, their customer has a choice to move to those channels as well. 
 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay. And just a quick clarification follow-up on the first question, on the largest 
e-commerce player. When you said that the ramp-up would be completed during 
3Q. In the last quarter you had said that your endeavour is to handle about two-
thirds of their traffic on your network. So, by the end of 3Q, will we be somewhere 
close to that? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yes, absolutely. This is what we are striving for. Yeah. 
 
Balaji Subramanian: 
Okay, thanks. Great. And all the best. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Deepak Chokhani from 
Reed Capital. Please go ahead. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Thank you for this opportunity. I just have one question. The others have been 
answered. How many new platforms are we currently working on? And will there 
be any platform which will be commercialised apart from ATP in this fiscal year? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Deepak, it's a good question, but it's too early to comment. As you know, in 
fact, you did visit our Innovation Experience Centre in Hyderabad. That centre 
is basically established to come out with a lot of new platforms. But definitely, 
we'll inform the market as and when we're ready with a new platform. 
 
Deepak Chokhani: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Agarwal from 
Leeway Investments. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Hello? 
 
Operator: 
Yes, sir, you are audible. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
My question is regarding WhatsApp segment. We have 15% market share in 
WhatsApp segment. Any reason that we have such a low market share in that 
particular segment? Plus, WhatsApp itself is coming out with a lot of business 
solutions, so do you take it as our competitor or our enabler? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Should I answer this? 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Hello? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, Deepak. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Okay. So, just to -- I mean, I don't know if you have missed that. Karix Mobile 
has been awarded as the Growth Partner of the Year in this year by Meta. In the 
recently held event, there was a very huge Meta event happened in Bombay, 
and we've been awarded as Growth Partner of the Year. And that is one. 
Number two, with ValueFirst coming in our market share, combined market 
share is much higher now. 
 
Number three, we have been growing very, very fast. The reason why our 
market share is lesser is, the reason is that, there are historical reasons to that. 
And wherein, there is another competitor of ours who had got a couple of years 
of head start against us, who are the only exclusive partner for Meta for a couple 
of years. So, obviously, we started late, but we are catching up. So, we are doing 
really very well. We have been acquiring lot of customers. We have been 
building a lot of use cases. We are building lot of user journeys. And you would 
see that, and our WhatsApp business is growing very fast. And not only 
WhatsApp, just to tell you, it is not about WhatsApp, it is about overall OTT as a 
play, right. 
 
So, WhatsApp is one of the channels in that. So, we started doing very well on 
RCS as well. We already have exclusive partnership with Truecaller. We are 
building lot of use cases there as well. And so, if you see, we have the largest 
OTT network today in the country to offer to our customers, and you would see 
that we would be winning lot of business on that. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, what is our expectation in next two to three years, what would be our market 
share in this particular segment? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
I mean we are already starting to gain more and more market share, right. So, 
it's tough to comment. But we would be increasing our share very rapidly. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
And my last question is regarding about UPI transactions. So what market share 
you have an UPI transaction? How many UPI transaction come to us? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, we at present you are aware, right? We are present at lot of BFSI, I mean 
a lot of banks, and the BFSI segment. So from where these transactions are 
getting originated, we are present at about 70% to 80% of those customers. So, 
naturally, if the UPI transactions go up, our share also goes up and our business 
also goes up. So this is how it works. So, you are aware we are present at about 
seven to eight of the top 10 banks, let's say. So -- and all these banks are getting 
UPI transaction as well. 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. That's my only question. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 

 
Page 7 of 13 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question please press star and one 
on your phone now. We’ll take our next question from the line of Mohit Motwani 
from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations for a good set of numbers. 
My first question is with respect to the greater than ₹50 crore client buket. 
Previous quarter, we had 19 clients in that bucket and there were some two 
clients of ValueFirst. Now, from total of 21, this has come down to 17. So, just 
wanted to understand, is this a major customer loss or a loss in wallet share, or 
is this because of lower spends by the enterprises that it has moved to other 
bucket? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Sure. So one point there that you should look at, right, when we have given, we 
also have and I will kind of address the top 20 customer movement also in the 
same way. ValueFirst itself was a large customer of Tanla, so, in a way, when 
you consolidate, it becomes an intercompany customer. So, it no longer is a 
customer, right? So that is one of the reasons why you would see even our top 
20 contribution revenues coming down drastically. So that is one. 
 
Two is that, this is on a quarterly average basis and the one point which we 
should note is, they had certain amount of IPL-related seasonal spends in Q1, 
right. And I am confident therefore, when you again see the seasonal spends 
come in Q3, you will see this number go up, right. There is no customer we have 
really lost, somebody moves from, ₹13 crores in a quarter to ₹12.2 crores in a 
quarter, which is what has happened for a couple of our customers, that is really 
what is causing the slip. Because if you look at from a greater than crore 
customer, right, you've seen a very, very significant movement. If you've seen a 
₹10 crore to ₹50 crore, you've seen as significant movement. 
 
So, maybe we can't look at only one bucket. But there is no real big loss in terms 
of customers, some of them have slipped down from kind of ₹13 crore run rate 
to ₹12 crore run rate and that's really contributing to the shift. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Sure. And I just want a clarification, so, what was the volume degrowth for the 
quarter? I mean there was a ILD price increase impact which came from the last 
quarter. On a year-on-year basis, there would have been some benefit from ILD 
price increase plus the NLD price increase as well. So, what was the total 
volume degrowth for the quarter, if any? 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
So, we were not really calling out volumes across the segment. It will not make 
sense. What we've said is on a sequential basis, our domestic business volume 
growth declined by 7% and that's really all we are sharing with respect to 
volume. 
 
Mohit Motwani: 
Okay. Sure. Thank you so much for the answers. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Anil Sarin from Centrum 
Wealth. Please go ahead. 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Hi, Uday, Deepak, Aravind. Thanks for the opportunity. First of all, I want to 
congratulate you on coming out with such a detailed presentation, and there is 
a press release, and then there is a letter to shareholders. So, what that has 
done is, it has made our job easier, so much of information. I don't think too 
many other companies provide this. So, that's a job well done. 
 
My question is regarding, during the AGM, you had mentioned, Uday, that is 
this, you are also pursuing ATP opportunity in Saudi Arabia. So, if you could 
provide some update on that. That is one. Second question is, assuming all 
these things go through, what is the revenue impact? And I'm not asking for a 

 
Page 8 of 13 
particular revenue, but I just want to reference the TAM which is given in one of 
your, I think it's there in the presentation. So, as I look at the TAM numbers, 
current TAM, going forward in future, et cetera, the security part is pretty slim 
over there. So, is it true that, the ATP would not be a substantial contributor to 
revenue as we go forward? So, these are the two questions I had. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. So, hi. Anil, Uday here. So, when it comes to Saudi, yes, we have been 
consistently in touch with mobile carriers over there. In fact, I personally visited 
along with my business team, a couple of times to Riyadh. So, the problem with 
both the Saudi and mainly in India right now is, in both the countries, it is about 
the Data Protection Bill is approved. The same thing happened in Saudi also. 
Probably one month here or there, that both the countries approved the data bill 
at the same time. And that is really pushing and that is really slowing down our 
WhatsApp -- sorry, Wisely ATP deployment. 
 
What it means to say is, so this Wisely ATP has to be integrated tightly with 
mobile carriers, mobile operators in the respective geographies, and then people 
are thinking from, people are looking from the lens of data privacy and data 
security issues line, okay, that is really slowing down. Otherwise, the impact that 
it is delivering to all the enterprise, mainly to the banks is astonishing, right. So, 
that's number one. 
 
Number two, when it comes to the revenue potential of Wisely ATP, what I would 
like to make a couple of statements here. One is, it's a more of SaaS product, 
meaning to say that, once we deploy with the telcos and once we start charging 
to enterprises, right, so we want to charge per user and per month. So, it's more 
of a SaaS product, it's more of a subscription product like, okay. So, when it 
comes to TAM, what we mentioned as part of the presentation, one of our 
presentation is, the one we're talking about is what we want to keep it with us, 
we don't because whenever we receive the money, we have to share with the 
other ecosystem players, mainly with mobile carriers and other players like 
WhatsApp and it could be even Google also. 
 
So, we are still working on it, right. So, what the TAM that we mentioned is what 
we going to keep it, potentially keep it with us. So, we're not really capturing the 
total TAM of this product. 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. Okay, thank you. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Anil, did I answer your question? 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Yes, yes, that's very useful. One follow-up question is, you mentioned that 
Vodafone impact about that firewall impact is going to be felt in the fourth 
quarter. So, meanwhile, the ATP obviously would be up and running by that 
time, all going well, as well as the NLD increase and the ValueFirst, all of those 
would be there. So, net-net, how much of a set-back would be exit of Vodafone, 
that firewall business, have on the fourth quarter numbers? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Anil, it's difficult to answer. But our intent is to make it nearly zero. Okay. And 
we have lot of levers on our side. One, as you rightly said that the price increase 
in India, domestic price increase in India, that's number one. Number two is, we 
are doing a lot of stuff on as explained by Deepak, we are doing a lot of solutions 
on OTT players, mainly on the Truecaller, WhatsApp, and RCS. So, they are on 
time. And so, we are not too worried about what we lost, but we are worried 
about how to implement new solutions on the channels that we have. So, very 
pretty gung-ho about the new channels that we have. 
 
In fact, we have, ourselves have terminated or agreed not to extend the 
agreement with VIL, because it needs a huge potential, a huge financial 

 
Page 9 of 13 
commitment. And so, as I explained last time, our strength lies with innovation, 
not to offer financial commitment to any operators in any country, including India. 
So, to answer your question, like, we are not too worried about it, our intent is to 
make it nearly zero impact. 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Okay. With your permission, I just had one broader question and not to do with 
quarters. But can I ask them? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes. Please, Anil. Please go ahead. 
 
Anil Sarin: 
Yes. So, Uday, if you go back in your own history, many years ago, you had 
operations in I don't know how many countries, at least 20 countries. So, 
international is nothing new for Tanla. Why is it that you are still confined to India 
when you have a history of operating in multiple countries in the past? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
See, good question, Anil. We did operate when we are very small, when we are 
very young in most of the markets. Absolutely, I completely agree to agree with 
you. But we have slightly changed our strategy. One is, we see India is the 
biggest opportunity for all of us, mainly for Tanla, because we understand the 
local market very well. We understand the local tariff very well. And also, the 
way we would like to see ourselves is, wherever we operate, we would like to 
be the market leader. We don't want to spread into 20, 30 countries and where 
we would like to generate around ₹50 crores, ₹100 crores in each geography, 
which we are not good at, right. 
 
So, wherever we enter, we would like to make ourselves as the market leader 
in that geography before we move to the other geography. So we are not in a 
great hurry to move to 20 countries and impress the market. No, we are not in 
this mood. 
 
Anil Sarin: 
All right. Okay. Thank you for the clarification. Wish you all the best for the 
coming quarters and years. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks. Thanks, Anil. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Tejas Shah from Laser 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Hi. I heard part of the why discussion, why did we lose that customer. Another 
thing is, we are losing -- are we losing a lot of customers to Route Mobile for any 
pricing pressure or any services issue? 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
Can you repeat your question again? It was not clear. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
I have a clarification on why Vodafone basically, why did we lose that customer 
and why are we losing more customer to Route Mobile? Is it only purely on the 
pricing power or are we losing something on the features? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Deepak, here. Yeah, yeah, Uday, please. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
No Deepak, please go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
Yeah. So, you asked kind of specific questions. So, a specific answer. No, we 
have not lost any customer to the said company. And as far as our technical 
capabilities and our features are concerned, we are far, far superior. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Okay. 
 

 
Page 10 of 13 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
And let me also add, sorry, Tejas. Let me add one more important point here in 
addition to what Deepak has mentioned, right. I encourage you to read the 
Gartner Quadrant report, which they released a month ago. In fact, we are 
planning to send to all our shareholders from next Tuesday, Wednesday 
onwards. Look at where we are in relation to our competitors globally. Okay. We 
have recognised, they have recognised, Gartner has recognised Tanla as one 
of the most innovative partners globally, right. So that speaks volumes about our 
innovation, that speaks volumes about our platform's capabilities, right. So, I 
hope I answered your question, Tejas. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Yeah. But then, how quickly we'll be able to grow our EBITDA or margins, 
because our products are superior, services are superior, but then are you 
facing any pricing pressure from anywhere? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Deepak? 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
See, pricing pressures are there. Okay. And I would say, India is such a market 
that where customers are very, very sensitive about pricing. Okay. They want 
the best of the world. They want best of the solutions. At the same time, they 
would still look around and ask for the, who can give us the best price, right. So 
this is what it is. But if you really ask me, we have been innovating, not just in 
terms of platforms, we are innovating in terms of our solutions, we are innovating 
in terms of overall offerings. 
 
So, what we are doing right now is, we are going to the customer, we are saying, 
hey, how we can bring your overall spend down and how we can give you better 
ROI, how we can give you, how we can add value to your business, provided, if 
today my share is 50% or maybe 45%, would you give me your 80%, 90% share 
if I bring your overall cost down? Right. So this is what our pitch is, and that is 
helping with, as I mentioned, with our overall offerings. We have our, as I said, 
largest OTT network today, which helps. 
 
Now we can differentiate, let's say it's not necessary that for every transaction 
or for every communication, you have to send an SMS. You can send an SMS, 
maybe you can send a RCS or a Truecaller or WhatsApp, where you see a 
better engagement, where you see better ROI. Okay. So, we can provide, we 
are providing that kind of platform today to our customers, and we are seeing 
good penetration on that and good acceptance on that. So this is how we are 
changing the game here. 
 
Tejas Shah: 
Thanks a lot. Thanks. That's all from my side. Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Amit Mishra, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Hi, am I audible? 
 
Operator: 
Yes, sir. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, yes, Amit. Go ahead. Go ahead. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
I have two questions. So, first one is, what's the progress on Kore.ai 
partnership? Did we sign up the first client? And if not, what's the timeline? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Amit, like, we had a partnership with Kore.ai for last one, for little more than 
one year. But what we realised is Kore.ai, the platform is mainly meant for large 
and mainly meant for European and American customers rather than Asian 
customers. Because the flows are different, the regulations are different, and 

 
Page 11 of 13 
compliances are different. That's what we noticed after working closely with 
large banks in India. 
 
So, what we decided to do is not to work with only Kore.ai. We decided to work 
with even other similar platforms. So, the Board and the senior management 
have taken the conscious decision last month, to not necessarily to work with 
only Kore.ai but also to work with other similar platforms where they can help us 
build more business in India. So we don't really worry about the Kore.ai on that 
front, Amit. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
So, as a follow-up. So, is it like shelved for now and you will see when the better 
opportunities arises like in countries like Indonesia or elsewhere? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, yes. No, still, yes still, like as and when we see like synergies where we 
think we can take Kore.ai to the large deals, Kore.ai is open, we are open, but 
meanwhile we would like to work with even other similar platforms, because we 
don't want to lose the business. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
And the second question is related to the Vodafone contract which we lost on 
platform business side, and I understand yes that it was due to complete in 
November. They probably got a better deal elsewhere, or like cheaper price. But 
what are we doing to protect our platform side of business? Because Wisely 
being the head line product for Tanla, we should be better like in protecting our 
business or clients because Wisely provides XYZ. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Amit, yes, Amit, just now, as I mentioned earlier like, so we have decided 
not to extend the agreement with VlL. That's number one. Number two, what 
you need to understand is in fact, once you deploy the platform with any 
enterprise or mainly with Telcos or any other service providers, and this is the 
first time that we lost. I mean we kind of decided not to extend our agreement. i 
are reasons best known to all of us, the situation that VIL is right now is in. So 
we don't want to take any financial risk. That's how we have decided to not to 
extend with the particular Telco, right? So, we have not pulled out just because 
the product is not functioning, in fact product is performing so well. But they need 
some financial commitment, situation that they're in now, right now. But we have 
decided to not to get into that relationship anymore. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
So, as a follow-up, is this because Vodafone finances are not in good shape and 
they are probably negotiating on all of their deals, all the vendors? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Amit sorry, it is not fair on our part to comment on behalf of our partners. We 
have a very, very strong relationship with Vodafone, probably one and a half 
decade partnership We are still the largest partner for VIL, so I don't want to 
really discuss certain things which I'm not authorised to discuss. So, I would like 
to leave it there. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
Agreed. Fair enough. Just one last question if I can squeeze in, please? 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, please. Please, Amit. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
Yes. So, we had this co-sell arrangement for Wisely with Microsoft. Is there any 
progress on that or are we utilising or having some traction there? That 
partnership seems to be, we haven't received any update. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Yes, I agree with you Amit. Like, yes, of course that's a long-term agreement 
with Microsoft, but the technology has moved on in the last -- at least mainly in 
the last one and a half year. A lot of technology changes in the cloud space, and 
mainly on the stack and AI and ML. So, we are closely watching this area, and 
mainly because of the DPDP bill was stabled and approved in the Parliament a 

 
Page 12 of 13 
couple of months ago. So, regulations have changed, the technology has moved 
on, the enterprises, the demand is gone to the next level. So we are closely 
looking at the situation like, so that's the reason where we're not able to give an 
update. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
Fine. So, and this is all. Thank you and congrats on the good set of numbers in 
Q2. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Amit Mishra: 
Hopefully, we will get more growth in Q3. Thank you. Bye. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thanks, Amit. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from 
JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Hey, hi Uday. Thanks for the opportunity. So, just I wanted to check with you on 
the Vodafone India deal. From what I understand, the impact will be on the 
international traffic that we have mentioned in our press release as well. Now, 
could you help us understand, does that mean that any traffic, ILD traffic that 
flows through Vodafone, that will no longer flow through Tanla henceforth? Or is 
it something else? Basically, I'm just trying to understand the impact from a 
layman's perspective, what were we getting earlier and what we will not be 
getting henceforth. Thank you. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
So, Swapnil, it's a good question. A is, it does not have any impact on our ILD 
business. Zero impact on our ILD business, right. Suppose assuming that 
Deepak and the business development team is winning the international deals, 
and so they don't really care whether our platforms are deployed with any 
particular Telco or not. Okay. They continue to win the deals with the large tech 
giants globally and does not have any impact on what's here. That's number 
one, right. Number two, like, yes, that the minute we pulled out our platform, it 
doesn't mean, either I can submit to the new platform or I can submit the same 
traffic through other Telcos who will bring to the VIL through interconnects. So 
nobody has any control on any traffic. So, it has got a zero impact. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Okay. Got it. 
 
Aravind Viswanathan: 
Swapnil, does that answer your question? 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Yeah, I mean, if you could just go a little bit more simpler, because, see, the 
issue here is like, it obviously we don't understand the technicality so well in 
terms of how the deal was. 
 
Deepak Goyal: 
So, Swapnil, currently we are managing their Firewall. Okay? So once our 
deployment is over, we will not be managing that Firewall. What does it mean is 
the Firewall, what Firewall does is, it detects which are the international 
messages and which are the domestic messages and it blocks the domestic 
messages and it allows only international messages to pass through, so that 
there are no revenue leakage for the telecom operator, right. So this is what our 
Firewall is doing currently and for that, we have a revenue share arrangement 
with the telecom operator and which we have already stated that, what would 
be the financial impact once the deal is over. 
 
But as far as our ILD business is concerned, let's say ILD business here is done 
by Karix Mobile or now even ValueFirst. So, and similarly a lot of other 
companies, so we are unaffected by that, okay. So, we would still continue to 

 
Page 13 of 13 
connect with all the operators and continue to enjoy the same similar pricing. 
And so there would be no impact either on pricing or on our services. 
 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Got it. Very, very clear. Thanks a lot for that explanation. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now 
hand the conference over to Ms. Ritu Mehta for closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Ritu Mehta: 
Thank you for the call. That was the last question for today. In case we did not 
answer your questions, you could reach out to us at investorhelp@tanla.com. 
Thank you very much. Good evening. 
 
Uday Kumar Reddy: 
Thank you. 
 
Operator: 
Thank you members of Management. On behalf of Tanla Platforms Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of 
accuracy. 
