 
9th November 2023. 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
“Exchange Plaza”, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051. 
BSE Limited, 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub.: Call on Q2 FY24 Results. 
 
In continuation to our earlier communications in the subject matter, enclosed please find the copy of 
the Transcript, which is also available on the website of the Company (www.suzlon.com). 
 
This is for your information as also for the information of your members and the public at large. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suzlon Energy Limited 
 
 
Geetanjali S.Vaidya, 
Company Secretary. 
 
 
Encl.: As above. 
 
Geetanjali 
Santosh Vaidya
Digitally signed by Geetanjali Santosh Vaidya 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5166, 
pseudonym=9f5fcf81a30447358bcf6b603f9f5e39, 
2.5.4.20=1f68fbc13c0b8b3a34b3090cec1d1201ad6ad
f5a8af53061cc2ac9ca603245ff, postalCode=411030, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=70e6fc9b127e425bb9cb937f96d5775c
420ccc6112295e0fe8056eda8aed1812, cn=Geetanjali 
Santosh Vaidya 
Date: 2023.11.09 12:32:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
“Suzlon Energy Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JP CHALASANI – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
MR. HIMANSHU MODY – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SUZLON ENERGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHWANI SHARMA – ICICI SECURITIES LTD. 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Suzlon Energy Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. During this call, the company management 
may make certain statements which reflect their outlook for the future or which could be 
construed as forward-looking statements. These statements are based on the management's 
current expectations and are associated with uncertainties and risks as fully detailed in the 
company's annual report, which may cause the actual results to differ. 
Hence, these statements must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashwani Sharma from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Ashwani Sharma: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you to the Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Call of Suzlon Energy Limited. Today we have with us the top management of the 
company being represented by Mr. JP Chalasani, Group CEO, and Mr. Himanshu Mody, Group 
CFO. I now hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, post which we will 
open the conference call for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
JP Chalasani: 
Thank you, Ashwani. Chalasani here. Good evening and thank you for joining us on Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Call. I hope you had an opportunity to review our results and Investor presentation. I 
will first start sharing with you an overview of the industry and then we'll walk you through our 
Q2 performance. We will then take your questions. 
With good policy initiatives from the government, the wind energy sector has got much-needed 
impetus. There are policies to strengthen the sector, driving India's green transition, like the 
concrete guidelines and policies of RPO obligations under Energy Conservation Act, with 
specific RPO for wind turbines commissioned post 1st April 2024, and the policy on – policy on 
implementation of pool tariff mechanism, which will, I think, go in a significant way of 
accelerating the wind growth. 
The 2030 GOI target of 500 gigawatts of non-fossil fuel based capacity includes a healthy mix 
of wind and solar capacities. The idea is to have both solar and wind to coexist and not compete 
with each other. This helps in diversity of generation sources and is also healthy from the 
perspective of grid health. The fact that wind is available during the late evening and night, when 
the power demand in India peaks, helps balance the power generation profile and also supports 
the grid. 
Initiatives like discontinuation of irreversible bidding for wind will help in growth of wind 
sector. The good part is that under the new bidding regime, wind capacity will come up in all 
eight windy states, significantly opening up the availability of land and evacuation infrastructure. 
The procedure for determination of uniform RE tariff is also announced, as I mentioned earlier, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
recently, which will help in reducing the average cost of procurement of power through pooling 
of tariff. 
The leading renewable energy states of the country, like Gujarat, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, and 
Telangana, have also introduced the proactive RE policies to further their state energy transition 
journeys. We expect even others other windy states to follow the same. We have an order book 
of 1,613 megawatts as of 30th September 2023. This is a well-diversified and healthy order 
book. 
In addition to this, we also have a very strong order pipeline, and recently, we announced an 
order from Juniper of 50.4 megawatts. Our priority going forward is to pursue quality orders 
with higher value and better margins. The process for RLMM listing for 3 megawatt turbine has 
been completed from our side, and we expect this to be listed as early as next week. 
We have started the commercial supplies of 3 megawatt turbines. We have also installed the first 
prototype of this turbine with 160 meters hub height, which is a second prototype, actually, but 
the first one with 160 meters hub height in Gujarat, which will further reduce the LCOE. Our 
focus for H2 remains on executing and building our order book. 
Our OMS business continues to do well with 14.3 gigawatts capacity in India. The growth of 
wind sector will also help SE Forge as a major revenue comes from the supply of wind 
components. With the strong fundamentals and social and sectoral tailwinds, Suzlon is now 
ready to leverage the market opportunity arising from the energy transition. 
With this, now I will ask Himanshu to take you through the financial performance before we 
open up for questions. Thank you. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you, JP, sir, and good evening to ladies and gentlemen. I will be using slide numbers 18 
to 24 of our investor presentation as a reference point during this discussion. Our IR presentation 
has been uploaded on the website and also sent to the stock exchanges. 
So for the Q2 FY '24, we've done deliveries of 132 megawatts, totalling up to a total of 267 
megawatts in the first half of this financial year. The company has also posted a very consistent 
and robust performance across all business segments with improved KPIs in the H1 of FY '24 
on a year-on-year basis. Q2 FY '24 has seen a registered consistent improvement in all our key 
parameters. 
More importantly, our balance sheet has now become even more stronger, and the fundamentals 
have strengthened due to the bottom – as a result of a strong bottom line. We're pleased to report 
that the company has ended 30th September 2023 with a strong consolidated net worth of 
INR3,409 crores. Post the QIP, there is no residual debt in the company except a very nominal 
debt of rupees INR120 crores in one of the subsidiaries of the company, which is SE Forge. 
This leaves the company with a net debt of about close to INR600 crores, meaning a gross cash 
balance of about INR720 crores with the company. The company has been able to turn around 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
this balance sheet significantly from March 2020, at which point our debt was overall INR13,000 
crores to a net debt of INR600 crores today. 
Pursuant to the debt reduction – net cash, sorry – pursuant to debt reduction, we have achieved 
a substantial reduction of 61% in our finance cost in Q2 FY '24 of INR36 crores vis-à-vis Q2 
FY '23 of INR92 crores. The full benefit of debt reduction in terms of finance costs will be 
visible from the next quarter, which is Q3 FY '24, as the QIP this year got concluded in August, 
through which we were able to reduce our debt. 
Our consolidated PAT before exceptional items for Q2 stood at INR136 crores and for H1 stood 
at INR230 crores. This is, of course, against Q2 FY '23 PAT of INR53 crores. So, the economy 
and the industry is on a very strong footing and the sectoral tailwinds that we are facing are fairly 
strong, which puts us, Suzlon, with the very strong balance sheet and performance parameters 
to well capture the market opportunity. 
With that, I'd like to conclude my presentation and we can open the floor for any Q&A that the 
callers may have. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. So, in H1 we 
have executed somewhere around 270 megawatt and we are still below the H1 FY 23 level. So, 
are we in a good position to give guidance as to what our execution will be in FY '24? 
JP Chalasani: 
I think our guidance always remains the same, is that H1 to H2 there is always a difference, not 
just for us, for the wind sector as a whole. Normally, it's expected that it will be anywhere close 
to the double of what is in H1. Even if you look at as a country, we did about 1.5 gigawatts in 
H1 and then now we're all talking about doing about 4.5 to 5 gigawatts. Obviously, that it doubles 
three gigawatts in H2, that's when we reach 4.5 gigawatts in India. Normally, that's the thumb 
rule. I'm not giving you guidance, but this is what normally it works as a principle. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay, so and in Q2, we reported an EBIT loss from the WTG segment. So, what any specific 
reason for it? 
Himanshu Mody: 
Sorry, can you come again? Which segment? 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
WTG segment reported EBIT loss in Q2 of around INR7 crores? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, it is in the segmental reporting is largely, of course, due to the depreciation, all of it sits in 
the WTG segment. And as you know, O&M business and SE Forge would be light on 
depreciation. So, it's largely as a result of the depreciation, most of the 50 crores, it's in the WTG 
segment.  
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir but in the last quarter, we had made a profit. So, from that point of view, I was asking. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes, if you look at the last quarter, EBITDA for WTG segment would have been in the ballpark 
region. This quarter is about INR30 crores. Q1 last time in FY '24 would have been about INR35 
crores. So, there's not marked a difference. So, with similar volumes, EBITDA number is 
broadly the same for the WTG segment. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And so, any views on the offshore tender that is expected in Q4? And how are we placed 
to participate in this opportunity? 
JP Chalasani: 
Let see offshore, there is, as you know, that they've issued the intention to come up with a tender 
that came in. As you know that they're talking about three models of bidding. One is the, they 
say that they will bid about 500 megawatts in Tamil Nadu, 500 in Gujarat, based on VGF. 
Then the model B, they're talking about is that they will ask for the lease rights for the area based 
on the bidding. And then they will be given X amount of time to go ahead and develop, but 
without any off-take guarantee. So, and the third model is that you can go and develop your own 
seabed and then they will do a bidding and you have a right of first refusal, almost like a Swiss 
challenge. 
Right now, they're talking about the model B, when it comes, let's see that we are getting 
prepared ourselves for participation. See, as you know, that whenever the bidding comes, we 
don't participate ourselves directly. We actually have a pre-bid tie-up with somebody who is 
going to actually participate. 
So, the same work we will do, because we are not the bidders for this, but we will be working 
with people who are bidding for the projects, for an equipment supplier in the project, which we 
are working on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Dhyey from Niveshaay Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dhyey: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. I just wanted to get the clarity on the industry, the usual 
industry perspective, which we have, that is a 30-70 distribution between H1 and H2. So, I just 
wanted to ask, are we in line with the performance in that particular metric? 
JP Chalasani: 
This again leads to the guidance, but as I said sometime back, H1 and H2 is anywhere between 
one-third and two-third versus 60:40, 70:30, whatever number you're taking it as. It'll be in that 
line, and obviously, we are part of the sector, and our performance also would be in the similar 
line. 
Dhyey: 
Also, for the 3-megawatt turbine, are the realizations per megawatt or the EBITDA margins per 
megawatt slightly higher than the two-megawatt series, or how are we placed there? 
JP Chalasani: 
Let's – we don't give the model-wise guidance on what's happening, because it's an overall 
portfolio, what we sell, because we don't fix that way. It depends upon who is the customer, and 
whatever the contract we take, is it an equipment supply, is it equipment++, or an EPC? There 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
are a number of other factors, so therefore, it's not specific to saying that this is a model, this is 
what EBITDA will have. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Realization, like I'm talking just about the supply, and realization per megawatt remains the 
same, or how is it different from the two-megawatt series? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, you can assume it will remain the same. 
Dhyey 
Okay, and one more thing – Yes sorry? 
JP Chalasani: 
For the time being, because as we keep moving ahead, the cost what happens, then things will 
be different, but initially, yes, you can take the same. 
Dhyey: 
Sure, and on the EPC, non-EPC side, we – in our order book, we currently have 47% to 53% 
kind of a make, so what was the number before, and how are we looking to go ahead in the 
future? 
JP Chalasani: 
See, this is also a sector issue. What's happening in the sector, if you look at it, is that the EPC 
players are completely vanished from the scene, except us. The largest people who talk about, 
they just only supply the components, not even the full turbine, so there are turbines getting 
supplied, but the corresponding capacity to build the BOP to take it to the commissioning is 
lacking today in the country. 
And in our view, that as we also look at in the future, we see a significant risk of turbines supplied 
lying on the ground, but not getting commissioned. So because of this, also the people earlier 
who worked with us, and based on equipment supply, are coming back to us, and asking for EPC 
role. So that's why we are seeing now the 43%, 47%, what you see is an increase compared to 
what it was earlier. Earlier, when I say is that last couple of years, I don't take it – FY ‘17 and 
before, that time we used to go almost full EPC. 
Now, the more-and-more players are coming back and asking us to provide an EPC service, so 
we expect that segment to keep growing as we get more and more orders. But that's a concern 
for the sector as a whole, because today you have more suppliers and less of the people who can 
do -- bridge the gap between the supply to commissioning. 
Analyst: 
Correct. Understood. Thanks a lot for the answers. All the best for the future. 
JP Chalasani: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Raj Rishi from DCPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Rishi: 
I just want to find out what is the possibility of Suzlon maintaining its market share in a much 
bigger market, like whatever market share you have presently, because others are also going to 
take part, right? And supposedly, a lot of countries have overcapacity also. So, can you throw 
some light on this? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes. First of all, this over  capacity is part of a myth, okay? So, what actual capacity, what is the 
manufacturing capacity, what is the assembling capacity is completely different. So, I'm not 
getting into the details of that. As far as the market share for us is concerned, we define it 
differently. Not in the market share. We say that if my capability -- our capability to deliver is 
x, whatever the market, we should be in a position to deliver x. Take an example that I can 
deliver 2 gigawatts. Don't hold me to the number. I'm giving an example. 
I can deliver 2 gigawatts. If the market is 5 gigawatts, then my market share is different. And if 
the market is 7 gigawatts, my market share is different. Instead of looking at the market share, 
what we are concentrating is in what is our capability and enhance our capability to deliver, and 
irrespective of whatever the market can be, compete, and then deliver to our full capacity. I think 
that's how we'll deal with the market share. 
Because if I do a 2 gigawatt, if the market does only 4 gigawatts, then it looks like a 50% market 
share. But then if the market does 8 gigawatts, then it becomes a 25% market share. But I'm still 
doing 2 gigawatts. Okay. So, therefore, I think market share varies from the point of capacity 
overall, but we should be able to deliver to our full capacity. We should get orders, and then we 
deliver that. That is what is more important for us. 
Raj Rishi: 
Okay. And one of the global majors was Siemens Gamesa is having some issues. So, is that 
expected to benefit Suzlon because one competitor being slightly out of the picture or 
something? 
JP Chalasani: 
I, see, I don't think that the today's in the market, there is enough play for everybody to do that. 
As I said that sometime back, if I have a capacity, whatever is there today, we can actually get 
the orders. I don't see in the next, at least for the next two years to three years, guaranteed for 
two years, FY ‘25 and FY ‘26, and also presumably for FY ‘27, whatever is our capacity, we 
can go and get the orders. Competition is not an issue. 
But what is important for us is to learn from what the issues they're facing and see that, learn 
from them, and then doesn't get repeated for us. That's what is more important than looking at 
somebody's got a problem. So, they put advantage to us. That's not the way we're looking at it. 
We're looking at from the angle of what happened there and how do we ensure that it doesn't 
happen to us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of CA Kanwaljit Singh from Balaji 
Finvestment. Please go ahead. 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
Good evening and congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. First, whether 
Suzlon is storing any opportunities in solar power sector also, as we are dealing with only wind 
power? Second, what will be the future run rate of the orders? Will the current run rate continue 
or we will be going into a higher trajectory? 
JP Chalasani: 
Come again. The second question, whether the present run rate continues or – sorry? 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
Or we will go into a higher trajectory of orders? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
JP Chalasani: 
Okay. On the solar, obviously, our strength is in wind because we manufacture wind turbines. 
In solar, we don't manufacture anything. Having said that, we will -- if there is a need be, we 
will get into solar where it is a hybrid project. Somebody wants us to take the full responsibility 
for the entire project, we don't mind doing that. But otherwise, we will stick to our strength of 
wind. So, not really, solar-specific projects, we will not take up. So, unless if somebody says 
that if you are doing wind, we also want you to do solar as part of hybrid, then we will look at 
that opportunity. Not otherwise. On the -- sorry. 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
So, are you currently bidding for such hybrid projects as such? 
JP Chalasani: 
No, we are not bidders. As I said some time back, we are never bidders either in wind or in the 
solar. The bidders are IPPs or other people and we only supply to those bidders who are 
successful in the bidding. Some of them have a pre-bid tie-up, some of them come after winning 
the bid. But we are never a bidder in any of the projects. We did once long, long back in solar in 
which we sold off all those projects. That's once upon a time, like in 2015- ‘16 type of time. 
Otherwise, we don't bid. We are not bidders. 
And as far as the order book is concerned, it's growing, it's robust, and we expect the orders will 
keep growing. I don't need to -- I don't want to put a number to what rate it will grow. But as I 
said in my opening comments, we are looking at the orders which are quality orders and the 
quality counterparty where we think that projects would go ahead, not to take an order and 
projects get stuck. And then we get the decent good margins. That's our criteria. But there are 
enough -- there is enough potential in the market. 
Interest-wise for Suzlon turbines, there is -- I can only tell you is that there is a huge interest in 
terms of placing orders in Suzlon turbines. 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
Okay. Sir, another question. We usually see and you get large orders. So, what value should we 
assign to a one order of a 3-megawatt turbine? A ballpark number? 
Management: 
So, our average realization is, give or take INR6 crores per megawatt. So, whether it's a 2-
megawatt turbine or 3-megawatt turbine, I think, you should continue with the same economics 
or unit economics. 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
Thank you. 
JP Chalasani: 
For the scope of equipment supply. 
Kanwaljit Singh: 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jeevan from Seagull. Please go ahead. 
Jeevan: 
Hi. Good evening. I'm Jeevan from Tamil Nadu. First of all, I would like to congratulate your 
team for the excellent comeback for the last three to four years. And you have made the company 
as debt-free company. And only one question is -- it's not a question. Just from an investor's 
angle, I'm asking this. Being your share, like face value, it is having INR2. For a very long time, 
it was looked at like a penny stock in the market. So, it was around INR4 to INR10. So, now, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
you have come back above INR30. And is there any possibility to make it as a INR10 paid-up 
share and still you can boost up the market value of the stock? 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, we'll take that suggestion into consideration. I mean, there is right now no active plans to 
reverse split the stock. Obviously, we'll have to see what are the overall implications from a 
legal, tax, companies act, NCLT, various law enforcement agencies perspective. So, while 
there's no current thought, but we'll, of course, consider the idea at the appropriate time. 
Jeevan: 
Yes. Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kothari from Grit Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Hi, sir. I have a question. This is with regards to understanding our preference towards taking 
an order, whether it's more towards the turnkey projects or towards WTG equipment supply? 
And with regards to the estimate that is understood that 10 gigawatts of orders are expected from 
PSUs, how are we looking to pre-requisite into it or supply our products and services to that 
segment? 
JP Chalasani: 
See, equipment supply and EPC, we always tend to balance because in EPC, at the end of the 
day, we need to look at what is our project execution capability, how much can we deliver 
projects in terms of the land to the connectivity, including the evacuation system. Whereas 
equipment supply is that we know that we have a definite capacity we can supply. So, we always 
look at saying that how much we should take equipment supply, how much is EPC. 
And also, EPC depends upon which state it is where we think the equation of land is easier 
versus cumbersome process. So, we keep evaluating. We don't have a target per se, but we keep 
evaluating these factors, saying that, okay, if you reach a certain level of EPC, then we think that 
for this year, we significantly enlarged our project delivery capacity through this. Then we will 
limit there and get on to the equipment supply. So, both will be there, a mixed size. So, it depends 
upon which state, which project, and what capacity is and when. 
And as far as the 10 gigawatts is concerned, then obviously, I just explained some time back, we 
don't bid, but we support the bidders for those projects. If someone wants to have a pre-bid tie-
up, like earlier also we saw a pre-bid tie-up, or post winning the bid, they come to us saying that 
they won the bid and we want to work with you for developing a project, then we'll work with 
them. So, more bids get awarded, that much as the universe keeps increasing for us for the order 
intake. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Sir, just one more on the understanding front. With regards to because on the wind front, there 
is generally a landmark with regards to the wind speed and all, and identification is done. So, as 
a Suzlon, considering the large order coming in place in the future, so execution would be a 
challenge. So, do we have some, or do we explore the land acquisitions earlier, or will it depend 
on the customer to procure the lands and everything? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
JP Chalasani: 
See, for us, when we talk about, we can do EPC, our strength is basically the wind data, because 
we have the largest number of masts and then the largest wind data available to us. So, therefore, 
we clearly know in each state, when I say that all those eight windy states, which site is good, 
which site is what sort of a condition it is. That's the knowledge what we bring in. 
 
So, we can potentially, when somebody wants to ask for EPC, we say that this is the site with 
the wind data, we will develop for you, because we may or may not have a land at that point of 
time, then we work with them, enter into a contract, and we acquire along with them. 
Moving ahead, the process, we used to do earlier, but in between, we stopped because of various 
things that we don't acquire the land bank, but in case we're certain we have a very good site and 
which can get into a contract, let's say in the next eight months to 12 months, not locking up the 
capital, then we would also look at investing in the land, but provided we're absolutely sure that 
we can convert that into a contract in a short period of time. But not creating a land bank which 
are available for the next five years or eight years. No. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Okay, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhyey from Niveshaay Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhyey: 
Thank you for taking my questions once again. I just had this doubt that if we are not bidding 
directly and we are working with IPPs in the offshore projects, then how are we actually taking 
it forward? Because as I understand, we don't have capacity which are required for offshore 
turbines. So I just wanted to get clarity on that? 
JP Chalasani: 
No, no. The offshore turbine is not required today because whenever even somebody is winning 
the bid today, the wind turbine would be required, let's say, three years to four years down the 
line. Offshore is completely different ballgame. It's going to take a long time to come in. 
While we do have another technology under development, various turbines, so in case we are 
going ahead with offshore, not one-off project, but we think that offshore in India is going to 
pick-up, then obviously we will accelerate and get the first wind turbine out for the first project 
to come in. So therefore, the partners, when they talk to us, they look at our time cycle versus 
the project time cycle, and that's how they go ahead and bid based on our turbine. You don't 
need a turbine today for offshore. 
Dhyey: 
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Sriram Rajan, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Hey, thank you. Congratulations on great numbers. And just two questions. I was reading that 
Adani has already got a 5-megawatt turbine empanelled in MNRE. Would that pose a 
competition, given that they can generate more power with less land? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
JP Chalasani: 
It is not the question of more generation with less land. At the end of the day, for anybody, you 
know that you are an individual investor, you would know that what matters is the cost per 
kilowatt hour. Okay. Which model gives you the lowest cost per kilowatt hour? For the larger 
turbines in India today, the cost per kilowatt hour is higher. Okay. On the current site, it all 
depends upon the wind. The current wind availability, the sites what are available. Today, the 2-
megawatt, 3 megawatt would give you a lower cost per kilowatt hour than a 5-megawatt turbine. 
So therefore, in our opinion, that is not a constraint at all. So what we need to look at is that if 
that comes into market, our product can give better cost per kilowatt hour than that. And we do 
feel that our 3 megawatt and 2 megawatt can give lower cost per kilowatt hour compared to a 5-
megawatt turbine in the current sites. 
Sriram Rajan: 
Okay. Fine. That's good. I didn't know this. Okay. Thank you. The other question was, let's 
assume we transition over a period of time from 2 megawatts to 3 megawatts completely. What 
would be the amount of gigawatts of turbines we can supply in a year, basically the capacity that 
we have? 
JP Chalasani: 
Okay. Our manufacturing capacity is anywhere between 3 gigawatts to 4 gigawatts, because let's 
see what the capacity means. Mostly our natural capacity is for 4 gigawatts, you know. Our is 
always -- there are three components, nacelle tower and your blades. The tower is we do 
ourselves, plus you can outsource. So therefore, there is no capacity constraint in terms of tower, 
as long as in advance you book the fabrication capacity. 
So therefore, your capacity depends upon the blade manufacturing. For the blade manufacturing, 
number of moulds what you put in your plants. So we assume that the capacities we will be able 
to sell is x, and then we put the moulds. But if we see that FY ‘26 we can sell more, then we'll 
quickly go ahead and put the moulds in some of our existing plants and increase our capacity. 
So capacity won't be a constraint if there are going to be an order. Orders on a consistent basis. 
Not that we do one year peak and then subsequently it comes down. If you look at the two years 
to three years, this is going to be the capacity, then obviously the manufacturing capacity would 
be ramped up quickly, only the blade capacity, and then to meet that. 
Moderator: 
Hello? Mr. Tyagi, do you have any more questions? 
Tyagi: 
My question is on the EPC plan. You mentioned that the company is now expecting more 
complete EPC orders instead of just turbine supply. What is the main driver for that? And do 
you also see an improvement in O&M business? As in recent years we've seen more players 
going to specialized O&M service providers instead of the turbine suppliers? 
JP Chalasani: 
On the EPC front, I clarified earlier, is that more is coming in because of the demand from the 
market. It's not that we want to do more EPC, but there's a demand from the market. Because as 
I said sometime back, there is no OEM left in the country other than us who does EPC. Even the 
largest competition in the market are just supplying the components. They don't even supply the 
turbine, they just supply the tower, they just supply the nacelle, and even the blades, somebody 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
wants they can buy directly. But someone else has to bridge the gap between the turbine supply 
to, commissioning, BOP, and everything. 
We do have limited capabilities in the country for who can do that sort of a service. And some 
people went ahead, experimented that, and there were some bad experiences, some good 
experiences. So people who have bad experiences want to get back into the EPC concept. That's 
the reason I said that there is more demand for EPC, because we are the only people who provide 
E-P-and-C services. Though we don't give up only EPC, we provide EPC services. 
On the OMS front, today every single contract what we sign for WTG supply, we only sign if 
there is an OMS contract followed by the supply of turbines. If there is no OMS contract, we 
don't sign the supply contract as well. So till now, that has been our principle. So every WTG 
we sell, we also have an OMS contract for that. So therefore, our OMS business will continue 
to grow to the extent we keep selling our WTGs, that magnitude. 
On the other front desk, there are some small ISPs which are coming, and there are also some 
large IPPs looking at their own -- trying to do their own OMS. Our turbine, none of our turbines 
have gone away till now. In fact, we recently acquired 80 megawatts of Siemens Gamesa turbine 
for operations by us, given to us by O2 Power. In fact, we are getting multi-make models to us. 
But having said that, we continue to improve our standard of service, and more importantly, 
continue to develop value-added products so that benefits our customers in terms of improving 
energy output or improving the reliability and various aspects. That's the reason, that's how we 
want to retain our customers. 
Sriram Rajan: 
All right. Sir, just one more question. What would be the likely capacity addition in FY '24 and 
FY '25, overall sector level? 
JP Chalasani: 
See, we gave our estimate earlier, also we gave it that we expect anywhere midpoint is 4.5, 4 
minimum and 5 max this year is what our expectation is. And even if you look at the H1 is 1.5, 
if you do double up that in H2, let's say, it's 4.5. So that's what is our guidance. We continue to 
believe that one. 
And in FY '25, our expectation is to go up to 6 gigawatts to 7 gigawatts. 
Sriram Rajan: 
All right. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, sir. Thanks for the opportunity again. Sir, what is the quantum of order pipeline that 
we're looking at until March end, March '24? 
JP Chalasani: 
March end. Right, today we have more than 1.6 gigawatts of order. And there is a significant 
order book, obviously, because of the confidentiality with clients to the orders, this we can't say 
how much it is, but there's a significant order pipeline, which we're negotiating today. And that's 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
when we can put the order, then we come out and then basically announce. So I don't want to 
put a number to it. But there is this strong order pipeline, which we're negotiating today. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood. And also, there are around four FDRE bids also open right now. And so are we also 
working with the IPPs to bid for these projects? And what kind of wind proportion can we see 
in this bid process? 
JP Chalasani: 
See, it all depends. Sometimes the wind proportion can be significantly higher, which is this 
FDRE bids. I don't have the number right away with me for the current FDRE estimates. But 
what I remember the overall number is that in the 13 gigawatts of outstanding bids today, which 
are open, the wind capacity is about 11 gigawatts. In some cases, the wind capacity is more than 
the bid capacity. 
Because, for example, that somebody wants to offer a sort of an RTC power sort of a thing, and 
some people are saying that instead of getting into hybrid anything, I can actually -- let's say you 
want 400 megawatts of the PPA you have and go ahead and set up 650 megawatts of wind. 
And on an annual basis, you meet the requirement of what is required, the PLF size. So therefore, 
wind capacity is going up. That's why I said that I don't have a bid size, but total overall bid size 
in 13 gigawatts, more than 11 gigawatts is wind. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And are we working with IPPs on FDRE bids as well? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, we work. Yes, obviously, the bidders remain the same, whichever the type of bid. The 
universe of bidders, the companies remain the same. Whoever -- we have a relationship; we keep 
working on this. Like earlier, we had a pre-bid tie up with Apraava, we had pre-bid tie up with 
Torrent, we had pre-bid tie up with Sembcorp, we had pre-bid tie up with Hero, you name it, we 
had. So sometimes they have pre-bid, sometimes they go ahead and then, bid, and come back to 
us. 
So there is no need for pre-bid these days, because everybody knows the market, what are the 
prices and things like that. It was different when initially when the bids came up in the FY '18, 
the initial year of bidding, then obviously people, everybody had a pre-bid tie up. But now, it's 
not necessary. Not even 50% of the bidders have a pre-bid tie up. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
 Okay, sir. And the final question on Siemens Gamesa. So are we looking to acquire any of the 
wind projects that they are currently managing, going ahead, whichever are coming for expiry? 
JP Chalasani: 
We all, we do a multi-make. We are also working in a small way on the multi-make. We are in 
initial stages, we don't have significant capacity, we have more than, little more than, close to 
about 200 megawatts. Another 150 megawatt is what we acquired this year. As I said some time 
back, 80 megawatts of Siemens Gamesa, which O2 Power had, wanted us to develop, do the 
OMS, which we are doing it. 
Obviously, any such opportunity comes in, we will definitely open to do a multi-make, whether 
it's Siemens Gamesa, or if not, any make, we will do open. Today, we operate Enercon, we 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
operate Inox, we operate Siemens Gamesa machines. Capacity may be small, but all these people 
we do it. And but that is one of our business models in the OMS. While we continue to do our 
own, but we'll also look at opportunities to expand into multi-make. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neil Ostwal, from Bajaj FinServ Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Neil Ostwal: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you give some color on the opportunity size of 
the C&I segment? 
JP Chalasani: 
See today, if you look at our order book, the two-thirds is C&I, so including retail. So, one-third 
is actually the bid capacity. So, that's the rate what we're having today. So, a significant portion 
is C&I, actually. 
Neil Ostwal:  
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pawan Gulati, from Investor. Please go ahead. 
Pawan Gulati: 
Hello, sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. I have couple of questions on slide 20. 
So, basically, first one, it mentions the installations in H1, that's half a gigawatt. And for Q1, the 
number was 0.3 gigawatt. So, can you give the numbers in megawatt for both orders? That's one. 
And the second question is that we have a capacity of greater than 3 gigawatts till our 
installations have been almost – the run rate has been lesser than 1 gigawatt in the air. So, what's 
our path forward to increased capacity utilization? 
JP Chalasani: 
So, you're talking about supply? 
Pawan Gulati: 
No. 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, on slide 20, I'm answering your question. So, installations by Suzlon in the first half have 
been about half a gigawatt, close to about 500 megawatts. And across the country, about 1.6 
gigawatts of installation has happened in the first half of this financial year. So, approximately, 
again, if we take the market share dynamics just for the first half, this is installations where we 
are about 33%. The other metrics is for the H1, we've done 267 megawatts. 
That's in terms of deliveries. So, in the H1, there have been deliveries of 267 megawatts of 
turbines, while installations have been 500 megawatts. I mean, difficult for us to give you a 
market share number of the deliveries because we're not aware of what the competitors are doing. 
We can report our numbers, but MNRE reports the new wind capacity that have got added. So, 
that's how we're coming to the 33%. 
JP Chalasani: 
Also, on the commissioning, you'll notice that the whole of last year, we did about 524 
megawatts. So, that's what we actually reached in the H1. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Pawan Gulati: 
Correct. But my question was that, really we have a higher capacity of three gigawatts a year, 
and we have the open model as well. So, basically, what will be our part to higher installations 
on a quarterly basis? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes. Obviously, we can't give that guidance, but I can say that the order book is one thing, and 
the delivery schedule is different because each project is unique. If it is an equipment supply, 
they will have their own schedule in terms of when they want the turbine. One is looking at their 
site readiness, and even where we have an EPC, sort of a thing where we are responsible for 
everything, still people, some of them, will ask for rescheduling the supplies because the 
evacuation system is getting delayed. 
The substation from which their project gets evacuated is getting delayed. So, this is now a 
dynamic situation. So, depending upon the need of the project and also the evacuation capacity 
is happening, the schedule will keep changing. So, we may have an order, and also order may 
have been booked for this year, but still the client can come back and say that my evacuation is 
not happening or I'm getting delayed in terms of my land acquisition, so, therefore, please 
postpone. So, that's what keeps happening, which is why we keep working with every client 
independently on each project. That's what would decide the, how much we can supply. We can 
supply, but provided the projects are not ready to take that much capacity, then obviously, what 
do we do with that? They won't even pay us. They won't even take the budget and pay. 
Pawan Gulati:  
Right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Nigam from Invesco Mutual Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Nigam: 
Hi, good evening. I have two questions. When I look at the finance cost line of the P&L, 
sequentially, would the trajectory be a sharp drop or a more gradual drop? That's one. And 
second is, when I look at your cash flows on a consol basis for the first six months, I see a 
significant deployment in the working capital lines. So, does that give us some visibility to a 
better execution coming up in the second half? Thanks. 
Himanshu Mody: 
So, Amit, I'll answer both your questions. So, on the first one with regards to interest costs, as I 
said in my opening comments, certainly you will see a sharp drop in the finance cost in Q3. Up 
to now, for the six months of the H1, our finance cost has been about close to INR90 crores for 
the first six months. And that's largely been because of the debt that we had on the balance sheet, 
which has got repaid around the end of August. 
So, for a large part of the Q2 also, until the QIP proceeds were realized and repaid to the lenders, 
that interest cost line is figuring in the quarter two. So, Q3 will see a sharp decline in the interest 
cost for sure. To answer the second question, working capital is, I would say, is an issue in the 
business. We are working as a company to further optimize that. 
And yes, you are right that if you see the cash flow, there is significant working capital 
deployment currently as we speak. So, and whilst we have the 1.6 gigawatts in confirmed orders, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
so certainly we are very, very focused on executing those orders in the quickest and most 
profitable manner possible. 
Amit Nigam: 
And so, would it be prudent to conclude that March 31, in 2024, the balance sheet, especially on 
the working capital line items will be much lighter from where we are today? 
Himanshu Mody: 
May not be lighter from where we are today. Again, I would like to review working capital 
always as a percentage of overall sales, either trailing or forecasted because whenever we end 
March '24, net working capital term, that could be representative of the investments that we have 
made for deliveries to be done in March '25. 
So, I do not think in absolute rupee crore terms, it may be a lighter number, but in percentage 
terms for the business that the company would deliver going forward, it would certainly be 
lighter in that proportion. 
Amit Nigam: 
So, essentially you are saying it will be more efficient, right? 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes, certainly. 
Amit Nigam: 
Thank you, Himanshu. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, good evening, gentlemen. Sir, my first question is, is it fair to say entire order book of 1,613 
megawatts will be executed by March '25? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, right now the orders what we have is, that's right. The order book what we have is for FY 
'24 and FY '25. The order in the pipeline, what we are now negotiating, we are discussing are 
that there are some which will go into FY '25 and FY '26. But the current order book what is 
shown 1.6 gigawatts is for FY '24 and FY '25. Nothing is below or beyond. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So, for FY'25 incremental orders, anything which we get in next one or two months can 
possibly go into FY'25, right? 
JP Chalasani: 
No, what is now happening is that the orders what are coming in henceforth are, depends upon 
the size, okay. If we get 50 megawatt or the type of orders, that will be for FY'25. But let's say 
that if you get a large order for 200 or 300 megawatts, then it could be for FY'25 and FY'26, 
even if you get in the next two months. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So, basically, if we take the formula which you gave earlier in the call, second half is 
typically 2x. So, assuming you do a 500, 550 megawatts in second half, we have 1100 available 
for execution in '25 plus any incremental order you get, which can be executed in '25, right? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes. Guidance, well, your numbers are right. I can't find fault with your arithmetic. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sir, the other question is if I look at your order book, almost half of your order book is in 
Karnataka. So, what is the status of the transmission connectivity out there? I guess there were 
some substations which were to be installed, which are getting delayed out there. Anything 
which impacts us out there? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes, it does. Like sometime back, I was saying, impacts in the sense that there could be some 
people, like, especially for this year supplies, okay? So, they can say slightly delayed because 
substation is getting delayed for the next year. So, you're right, there are a couple of substations 
which are delayed, which are expected to come, I think, end of this year and early next year. 
 
So, there will be some readjustment of delivery schedule. That is what would be the impact on 
us. Otherwise, the connectivity and that is not our responsibility. That's the responsibility of the 
client. So, we would not have anything, only to the extent that if they know in advance that that's 
going to get delayed, then obviously, they would like to reschedule the supplies, move it by two 
months, move it by one month, move it by three months. That sort of things can happen. That 
would be the impact on us. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
But if any  
JP Chalasani: 
Considering Karnataka is basically, the reason is that till now, as you know, that the -- all the 
bidding was happening on the site, state agnostic because you can put in anywhere. So, 
everybody would go towards where the higher wind, but that's the only way you can wind win 
the bid. So, initially, there is all products came up from Gujarat and Tamil Nadu. Then obviously, 
Gujarat had some concerns with respect to land, which they removed now. The only other option 
was the Karnataka. The option was available for MP, Rajasthan, AP anywhere, but people didn't 
put up there because there you will get less of PLFs compared to Karnataka. But now with the 
full tariff concept, those states are getting opened up. The concept is in Karnataka, that is the 
reason. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay. So, if there is a delay in the transmission, it also differs our revenue, right? 
JP Chalasani: 
Come again? 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
If there is a delay in transmission line being set up, it also differs our revenue or we get our 
revenue with only the final commissioning that we get? 
JP Chalasani: 
No, contractually, it doesn't differ. But then, if they are repeat clients, we have a relationship 
with them and they know in advance, let's say 10 months in advance, it's going to be delayed. 
They'll come and ask us saying that, can you please reschedule some of these supplies? So, we 
oblige. If you oblige that, then there could be some difference. Contractually, no. So, we have 
agreed to schedule when they need to take the turbines that way. 
But then, when you work on a relationship with the repeat client, then obviously you would tend 
to agree with them on some revisions, if feasible. It's not necessary that it's always feasible to 
reschedule the supply. But if you reschedule, agree mutually, and reschedule, there would be an 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
impact on the topline. But then what will happen is that some other sites could be there. So, we 
will fill up that during that period of time. 
 
It's crucial because we're doing multiple contracts. So, some cases we can advance because they 
would maybe ready. But earlier, we didn't agree to supply that time because we were to supply 
to this project. So, now we can, switch and supply to that project. That's how we plan when you 
have multiple contracts. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sir, lastly, what is the status on the capex which we were doing for the moulds for the three-
megawatt turbine? Is it ready? And can we start shipping those turbines from 3Q or we'll have 
to wait for the 4Q for that? 
JP Chalasani: 
We already started supplying commercially. Then about five or seven turbines got dispatched 
already. And then we are now doing commercial products. It will gradually pick up in Q3 and 
Q4. But significantly ramp up will happen next year, obviously. But then you will see a 
reasonable capacity going out in this year, especially in Q4. 
Himanshu Mody: 
And the capex plan for mould is on track. So, whatever number of moulds we need, we already 
have three moulds in operation on transit. And the rest will be in play by end of this quarter or 
early Q4. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. Thank you. And all the best. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thank you so much, sir. Sir, looking at the industry situation in terms of increasing demand and 
particularly and also your positioning in terms of the EPC service that you probably uniquely 
provide, very few players provide. Is there a possibility or probably some discussion that you're 
already having the scope for margin that you earn for your services plus the working capital 
cycle that we have in the business of improving versus what we were thinking in the last three 
months or six months or last one year? So some thoughts on this, please? 
JP Chalasani: 
See, on the improvement of working capital from the client side, we have done significantly 
already in the last couple of years. So the change of payment terms, we said we would like to 
get payments on the component supply basis rather than the supply basis. We have done 
adequate work, but at the same time, there's always a scope for improvement, asking them to 
open everything and things like that. So that does exist in terms of the improvement of working 
capital cycle based on orders. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. And so on margins? 
JP Chalasani: 
Margins, we gave a guidance on the margins. I think right now we stick to that margin rather 
than saying that, okay, demand. See, for the repeat customers, we really don't want to go and say 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
that the demand is higher. It's now a supplier's market. We want to improve our margin 
significantly. That's not the way to work with the repeat customers. 
 
But some customers, the C&I segment other things, we might improve the margins. But our 
guidance remains the same as whatever we said earlier, the margin-wise per megawatt. That we 
wouldn’t -- We wouldn't like to change that guidance. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And so the second question is probably just to understand, it would be too early, but we are 
seeing some intensity by Chinese equipment suppliers increasing. We are hearing about Europe 
trying to impose some restrictions on Chinese. I'm not sure how relevant this is for India. And I 
was looking at some data. The cost for them seems to be very low versus probably globally, 
even for India versus India. So can that be a threat to the industry in India and also to you? Or 
the dynamics are very different in India and has no implication? 
JP Chalasani: 
Let me answer this from the industry perspective rather than looking at Suzlon. I don't want to 
get into that issue of what happens with Suzlon. Many of the suppliers, as I said sometime back, 
the issue is that with the component supplier rather than EPC suppliers. 
 
When I said a component, not even WTG, they're willing to supply just the nacelle, not even 
tower, not even the blade. And some people think that that's the best way, then I can reduce my 
cost. But ultimately, how much capacity do we have capability building in the country in terms 
of bridging the gap between supplier versus commissioning is a major issue. 
 
So which is a concern the government also is having now. In fact, they started monitoring a 
number of turbines on the ground uncommissioned, because which is going up now today in the 
country. Yes, they do have the advantage of the price because the many of them are actually 
assembling it here than the manufacturing here, even with whatever manufacturing they're 
making, so raw material completely import it from there. 
 
Then they do have advantage there in terms of subsidies, in terms of power costs, various things. 
So their input cost is worse. So that's a known fact. But then the manufacturing component in 
India is much lesser. It's more of an assembling here exactly. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So the challenge for them will always be that you mentioned the combining it with service. So 
that execution challenge will always be a problem? 
JP Chalasani: 
Well, for the bidders, ultimately, why I said that we're getting more demand for EPC is that how 
many of these clients really can think of partnering with someone else because nobody does on 
their own. You need a partner to build your projects. So do we have really capability built up in 
the country for doing seven gigawatts to 10 gigawatts, what we're talking about in terms of BOP 
is what is a question one has to ask. 
 
Supplies can happen. People can dump the turbines on the ground. But at the end of the day, as 
a country, what we need is not the turbines dumped on the ground, but turbines commissioned, 
connected to the grid. So that's as an industry, we're going to face that issue and which is now 
slowly is coming on the ground. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
All right. Sure, sir. Great. Thank you so much and all the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Kothari from Grit Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Hello. Just picking up the earlier question forward. So these imported and assembled parts, these 
kinds of orders are also applicable like in the PSU tenders also or it's more towards the C&I, 
IPP, private IPP domain? That's one thing. 
Second is just to further understand on the competitive landscape from domestic and 
international front. So I understand that in wind there are three domains, equipment, supplier, 
then the BOP, and then third is the OMS. So specifically on the OMS, for us, for our own supply, 
we don't see any competition, right? What we are looking for is the already OMS in place, which 
are where other players' products are supplied. So can you just elaborate on the front of the 
competition? 
 
And thirdly, just one more question to add in. Thirdly, regarding how do we look at the 
weightage of like two-gigawatt, two megawatt and three-megawatt proportion in our revenue 
book going forward in FY'25? If it's looking to? 
JP Chalasani: 
Yes. On the first one, to my knowledge, there's no restriction on PSUs because it's basically 
RLMM-listed equipment is what people buy. Unfortunately, in RLMM listing, it talks about 
either you manufacture or you assemble. So you still get qualified for RLMM listing. So once 
you're listed in RLMM, I'm clear that I don't think there are any restrictions for PSUs to my 
knowledge. I'm not completely authentic on that, but that's what I feel. I think because they're 
listed in RLMM and they're listed there because assembly is also allowed in RLMM. So 
therefore, that's the question number one. 
And question number two, yes, you're right. There are two issues in OMS. One is our own fleet. 
Other one is the multi-make what we acquire from others. Even in our turbines, I don't think it's 
a right or a path to say that there is no worry because the people, there are ISPs which are there 
in the market. So they're setting up some sort of unsustainable benchmarks in terms of pricing, 
in terms of performance parameters, what they're guaranteeing, plus some of the large IIPs think 
that they can operate. 
So therefore, there is a pressure on us, even our own fleet, to ensure that our service remains 
high and then we keep providing value-added services, as I mentioned earlier. So that's a second 
most fact that we do recognize that even in our own turbine things, we need to be careful to 
protect ourselves. We love to have been able to do that, and we hope we'll continue to do that in 
the future. And as far as the third question was, you said international? Sorry, you asked too 
many questions, so I forgot your third question. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Third question was regarding the proportion of revenue we need from coming from two 
megawatt and three megawatt turbines going forward in FY'25, '26. Are will it be more tilted 
towards three megawatts now going forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            Suzlon Energy Limited 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
JP Chalasani: 
See, right now, obviously, when you look at our order book, the significant portion is for three 
megawatts today than the two megawatts. But having said that, it depends upon which site, some 
site, two megawatts competes better than three megawatts. So we are agnostic, and I think the 
most of the people, the clients, would be more for the cost per kilowatt hour, but there's a 
psychological feeling that, you know, a psychological preference for a three megawatt, being a 
larger turbine, maybe number of footprints should be less and things like that. But we expect 
that FY'25, we will continue to have both. Maybe in the ratio of two is to one, or a little different. 
That's share on that is what we can think that two megawatt and three megawatts in FY'25 will 
be. 
Rahul Kothari: 
Okay, thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumakha, who's an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. Mr. Sumuka, your line is unmuted. You can please ask your question. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Yes, let's go ahead. We can take the next question, if there are any. Otherwise, we can end the 
call. 
Moderator: 
So well, as the current questioner has left the queue. We will take that as our last question. On 
behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
JP Chalasani: 
Thank you. 
Himanshu Mody: 
Thank you. 
