  
 
                                                                                             
November 09, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalai Street, 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code : 507205
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 051. 
Symbol : TI
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference call held for Q2FY24 results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated October 26, 2023 and pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts and investors held on 
Friday, November 03, 2023 to discuss the Q2FY24 results.  
 
The same is available on the website of the Company at www.tilind.com.  
 
Kindly take the above on record and acknowledge receipt. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Tilaknagar Industries Ltd. 
 
 
Abhinav Gupta 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
ABHINA
V GUPTA
Digitally signed by 
ABHINAV GUPTA 
Date: 2023.11.09 
18:41:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT DAHANUKAR – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – TILAKNAGAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ABHINAV GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
 
TILAKNAGAR INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. AMEYA DESHPANDE – PRESIDENT - STRATEGY  
 
AND CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT – TILAKNAGAR 
 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HIMANSHU NAYYAR  – SYSTEMATIX 
INSTITUTIONAL EQUITIES 
 
 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q2 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited, hosted by Systematix Institutional Equities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix Institutional Equities. 
Thank you, and over to you. 
Himanshu: 
Thanks, Yashashri. Good morning, everyone. I would welcome all participants on behalf of 
Systematix Institutional Equities team and would like to thank the management of Tilaknagar 
Industries for giving us the opportunity to host them. We have with us Mr. Amit Dahanukar, 
Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Abhinav Gupta, CFO, and Mr. Ameya Deshpande, 
President-Strategy and Corporate Development. 
The company has delivered another strong quarter with volume growth well ahead of industry 
and improvement in both realizations and margins. Would request the management to start with 
some opening remarks, and then we'll take questions. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on quarter two and H1 FY 2024 results 
Earnings Conference Call. We continued in Q2 where we left off in Q1 of FY 2024. Our volumes 
grew 17% year-on-year and 13% quarter-on-quarter. Mansion House Brandy, our flagship brand 
has now crossed four million cases in H1 FY 2024. Volumes over the past 30 months have 
doubled with a volume of 5.5 million cases in FY'21 to 9.6 million cases in FY'23. 
Flandy our premium-flavored brandy range has been receiving a positive response in its first 
year of launch. It currently sells at 5% of the flagship Mansion House brand in the relevant 
markets. Over the past few years, brandy P&A has been one of the fastest-growing P&A 
category; growth primarily driven by Mansion House Brandy (“MHB”). Despite this industry 
beating growth, we believe there is still significant headroom left for further growth. MHB is 
the largest selling brandy in India and second largest selling brandy in the world. It is also the 
second fastest-growing Alcobev brand globally as per The Millionaires’ Club 2023 report by 
Drinks International. 
TI’s Mansion House Brandy has been gaining market share across most regions it is present in. 
For H1 FY'24, TI moved up one spot to become the fourth largest IMFL player in Telangana. 
Flandy became the third largest brandy brand in the state with Mansion House retaining its 
numero uno position. TI not only maintained its leadership in Puducherry but also increased its 
market share in the state by a whopping 900 basis points to 28% from 19% last year. 
On the marketing front, our new proposition for Mansion House, “A Warm Welcome”, which 
was launched in Q1, is seeing great traction, not only on ground, but also on digital assets. Our 
YouTube campaigns have now garnered more than 20 million views. Our focus on brandy as a 
category will continue with at least one premium launch in Q3 FY'24. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Before I hand over to my colleagues, I would like to reinforce that TI continues to be committed 
to giving brandy, which is the second largest IMFL category in India, the share of voice it 
deserves. We will continue with our strong innovation pipeline in brandy and premiumization 
strategy and expand our existing portfolio with high-quality premium spirits that would make 
the world take notice. 
I now hand over the call to our President of Strategy and Corporate Development for a detailed 
financial review. Over to you, Ameya. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Thank you, Boss. Welcome all to the call.  
As Mr. Dahanukar mentioned, our volumes grew by 17% in Q2 and 28% in H1'24. Our Q2 
volumes are the highest quarterly volumes since FY'15, despite Q2 historically being the third 
strongest quarter, only after Q3 and Q4. 
Our NSR increased to INR1,273 per case for Q2 FY'24, an 8% growth Y-o-Y, leading to Net 
Revenue increase to INR354 crores and growth of 29% for the quarter. This increase in NSR is 
on account of a steady mix of price increases, brand and state mix. 
While there was no new price increase  received in this quarter, Q2 was the first quarter with 
full quarter impact of price increase received in Q1 in the state of Telangana.  
Our P&A volume mix continued to be strong with approximately 80% saliency of total volumes. 
Our EBITDA increased 51% year-on-year in Q2 to INR47.4 crores. The EBITDA for H1 stood 
at INR85.8 crores. That is a more than 60% growth. EBITDA margins also increased almost two 
percentage points to 13.4% compared to 11.4% a year back. This increase in margins is on 
account of price increases as well as operating leverage coming into play. Also, margin 
expansion was despite the inflationary headwinds plaguing the industry, especially on the ENA 
side. 
In fact, on a Y-o-Y basis, our A&SP spend as a percentage of net revenue increased by almost 
90 basis points or by almost INR4 crores in absolute terms. Otherwise, our EBITDA margin and 
absolute EBITDA would have been higher. 
I'm also glad to share that we completed the refinancing of the Edelweiss ARC debt, wherein 
we prepaid INR176 crores to settle all outstandings to EARC. This was refinanced with a fresh 
term loan from Kotak Bank of INR130 crores and the balance being paid out through existing 
cash reserves. The Kotak loan has a maturity period of four years and provides us with immediate 
flexibility in managing cash flows, enabling investment in brand building. 
As of September 2023, our net debt stood at INR141 crores, and it has come down almost 
INR350 crores over the past 30 months. There has been an increase of around INR5 crores over 
the last quarter. This was predominantly on account of additional working capital investment in 
the business on account of excise duty hike in Karnataka as well as expansion in receivables 
cycle in Telangana, both key states for us. However, we continue to expect to be near net debt-
free by March 2025. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
To conclude with the opening remarks; overall, we are seeing good growth in our established 
brands, MHB and CNB. Our recent brands, especially Flandy, continues to grow market share 
at a rapid pace and is meeting its purpose of making brandy more aspirational and youthful. To 
add to that, our financial position is strong, and we continue to generate good amounts of cash 
flows, which can be reinvested for profitable growth. With that, I would now like to open the 
call for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Himanshu Shah from Dolat Capital... 
Himanshu Shah: 
Hello. 
Moderator: 
Yes, Mr. Shah, we can hear you. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. Just a couple of questions. The first is a book-keeping 
question. Despite healthy volume growth and price increase, full quarter flow-through of price 
increase. Gross margins have been down on a quarter-on-quarter basis, almost by 160 basis 
points. So anything specific over here? Basically, is this on account of increase in ENA prices? 
And if you can provide the outlook on ENA prices, like what has been the increase quarter-on-
quarter basis in ENA prices and the exit quarter ENA prices? This is the first question. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sure. So Himanshu will take it a question at a time. But yes, you're right in terms of the impact 
on our gross margins has been predominantly on account of ENA prices. So ENA, if you look 
at it from an exit perspective for Q1 or rather on a blended basis in Q1 was around 67 per liter, 
which closed on a blended basis at 69 per liter in Q2. However, the exit rate was actually 70., 
So, there has been a steady increase in ENA prices. In terms of providing any kind of guidance 
on ENA prices, see it is a volatile situation currently, right. So, even as we speak, the prices have 
increased a further INR1 per litre in the current month. 
So, that is on the increase. However, we do hope that this will kind of turn by December, by the 
new harvest and all of that. And then we should be looking at again Q1, Q2 levels over the next 
quarter or so. 
Himanshu Shah: 
And the exit rate you mentioned is 77 per litre versus full quarter average of 70 per litre? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, no, I said 71. 
Himanshu Shah: 
71. Okay. Okay. Fine sir. This is very, very helpful. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
We will also have to wait and see the impact of the reduction in GST on molasses, which has 
taken place, which now stands at 5% compared to 28% what it was earlier. That impact also we 
will know possibly in this quarter. 
Himanshu Shah: 
But GST probably wasn't getting levied, if I'm not mistaken. At least on grain-based ENA, states 
were not levying GST. So, would there be any specific benefit? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, no. So, this is specifically for molasses itself. So, procurement of molasses had a GST of 
28% earlier, which has now been reduced to 5%. Obviously, molasses ENA becomes more 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
relevant in the states of Maharashtra and Karnataka. Obviously, UP being another state where it 
does, but not relevant for us. So, Maharashtra, Karnataka, there could be an impact, but difficult 
to quantify as of now. 
Himanshu Shah: 
And just in continuation of that, what would be our mix consumption in terms of grain-based 
ENA versus molasses-based ENA? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We don't actually provide that information, but that's fairly fungible, closer, higher on the grain 
side. 
Himanshu Shah: 
That's very helpful. The second question is, overall brandy market size, if you can provide some 
color, I presume it's around 80 million cases, predominantly in the southern India. But if you can 
correct me if I'm wrong, and what would be the mix of P&A within that for the industry? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sure, Himanshu. So, yes, you're right. In FY'23, the brandy industry was around 85 million 
cases. We have seen a slight growth currently in H1. It is at almost 45 million cases as we speak. 
However, I think when you look at brandy, you have to look at it from a P&A perspective. 
So, P&A within the brandy segment occupies around 34% of the saliency as of FY'23. This has 
increased to around 34.5% in the first half. Within the overall construct of IMFL, brandy P&A 
is actually one of the fastest growing P&A categories. So, if I'm to look at it from a three-year 
CAGR perspective, brandy P&A actually has grown at 13% CAGR as compared to 8% for the 
overall P&A IMFL. 
Himanshu Shah: 
This is very, very helpful. This is the rough calculation. Our market share in brandy P&A should 
be around 37%, 38% to 40% range? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No. Brandy P&A, if I'm only looking at MHB, it will be around 27% of brandy P&A. 
Himanshu Shah: 
In opening remarks, I believe we mentioned that of the total volumes, 80% saliency is from 
P&A. And 85%, 86% of our volumes, closer to 90% comes from brandy. So, I was using that 
number? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes. So, essentially if you look at it, 80% P&A would be predominantly given that Mansion 
House itself occupies 80% of our total volumes. Most of the 80% is Mansion House itself. So, 
it's safe to assume that as a percentage of Prestige & Above P&A, or rather Prestige & Above 
brandy, we are around 27% to 28%. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. And can I have one more last question? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sure. 
Himanshu Shah: 
So, with respect to upcoming elections in Telangana, are we expecting any kind of, we have not 
been able to go through the parties’ manifesto or anything, but is there any green flags or red 
flags with respect to Alcobev as an industry for Telangana market? This is first. And secondly, 
I think so licenses have been up for renewal. So, is there any increase, decrease in the number 
of shops in Telangana? If you can provide color on this too. And this would be the last question. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So, in terms of future outlook in Telangana, nothing has come to our notice. In terms of the shop 
licenses, what you mentioned, they will go through the normal renewal in November end. And 
they should start operating in the first week of December. 
Himanshu Shah: 
Okay. Sure, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Chintan Mehta from Lloyd LLP. Please go 
ahead. 
Chintan Mehta: 
Okay. So, I will congratulate management for the excellent numbers. I have two questions. One 
regarding on a generic basis. Sir, we have reported a fantastic volume growth, I mean kind of 
28% volume growth for this half year versus last half year. I want to understand that, is it possible 
to dissect this particular growth number into a generic growth number versus, I mean, generic 
growth numbers in the same brand, same state's growth, what will be that number and what share 
of growth we are taking from a new product in a new state? That's number one part of my 
question. 
And second is that we have seen some softening in our cash in it from our operations and 
predominantly because of working capital. So, it would be great if you can highlight that 
particular thing for us? That's two questions from my side. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sure. So, the thing is that we don't get into too much of region-wise segregation of volumes. We 
don't disclose that level of data. Having said that, all regions for us have actually grown at a 
similar level. Obviously, state by state, it does differ. So, that is something that you have to take 
into consideration. But we actually don't get into that level of detailing as such. Our significantly 
profitable states of Telangana, Karnataka, Pondicherry have been growing extremely well. That 
is the level of comfort or detailing that I can get into right now. 
 
With regards to your second bit of the question, yes, you are right. There has been an increase 
and I believe you are coming to this from an increase of net debt level as well of around INR5 
crores. So, that has been predominantly on account of working capital investment. 
 
Around INR43 or more than INR40 crores has gone into working capital. Now, if I was to just 
give you further colour on why INR40 crores and how did that INR40 crores actually come up, 
you would know that in recent times around July, there was an increase in excise duty in our key 
state of Karnataka. 
So, that is where a good amount of additional working capital has gone. Approximately INR8-
odd crores has gone over there. Along with that, we have also had a slight increase in receivables 
cycle in the state of Telangana. It is a short-term impact. However, that has led to a further 
increase in working capital. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
If you see, the number of days has increased from around 43 to 49 and predominantly as Ameya 
said, by Karnataka and Telangana. We are hopeful that in Telangana things may smoothen out 
a bit. But for Q3, we would stick to a guidance of 47 to 48 days. In this quarter, it is currently 
around 47 days. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Chintan Mehta: 
All right. Thanks for taking liberty to ask a follow-up on what we asked. My first question, you 
said we don't give details state-wise. My question involves the same product growth as well. 
What could be that? I am trying to understand that what could be the -- the whole reason of me 
asking is that what could be the sustainable number in terms of volume growth? 
So whatever we are not -- we have an existing branch and we keep on launching the new branch 
and tract to launching the new variant, right. So we're not understand that what is the secular 
growth in your existing branch versus what could be the growth because of the new launches? I 
want to dissect that for a modelling purpose and try to understand your take on this? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
I think it is a good question. I will share my perspective on it. If you see a Q2 on Q2 I think, 
what Ameya also mentioned in his opening remarks, it is the first time the company has actually 
been active in terms of marketing and advertising. We have had an additional spend of close to 
INR4 crores in Q2. 
We have been very active on digital platforms as well as on-ground activations. This is the first 
time that not only the company but Brandy as a category being communicated. This is the first 
time it is happening. So I do believe this is something which is led to this growth and I do see 
with our sustained activities and campaigns, this growth will continue in the immediate quarters 
as well. 
Chintan Mehta: 
Okay. Thanks. Thanks for that. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
Thank you. 
Chintan Mehta: 
That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Harsh from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Harsh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations to Amit and the entire team of Tilaknagar for 
these results. Just a following up on questions asked by previous participants. There have been 
multiple news articles on very strong demand for liquor in Telangana in lieu of elections. I 
wanted to understand the sustainability of volume growth and how were we seeing things on 
ground? So that’s one. And secondly additionally post price hike in Telangana, there may be 
steep difference in prices between Andhra and Telangana which may have led to lot of cross-
border smuggling. So are we anticipating a similar price hike in Andhra as well? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So I think, in terms of the elections I think we have not seeing the industry has grown marginally 
but nothing really more than that and between Andhra and Telangana, the price difference is not 
much. So I'll really not be able to a comment on your proposition. 
Harsh: 
Understood. Secondly, I wanted to get any update on the Shrirampur distillery operations with 
regards to capex and commercialization? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Harsh, we are yet in the midst of making a decision on that. There is no update that we have on 
this call with regards to the potential capex that could come up over there. But like I had 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
mentioned earlier is well, the potential capex if and when it does come up just for the benefit of 
others would be around INR40 to 45 CR for the distillery. It is a 100 KLPD distillery. 
Harsh: 
Right. So there is no tentative timeline to it? Right. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, Harsh. Not yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Anushka Chitnis from Arihant Capital 
Markets. Please go ahead. 
Anushka Chitnis: 
Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity. I just wanted to ask a few questions. One 
being that since you have entered into the states in the North-East, how is the response in those 
markets and what is your strategy if you want to enter any new geographies? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
In the North-East, we have just introduced impacted its a very early introduction off course. 
Mansion House Brandy has been the leading brandy in the North-East in fact. In a few months 
for example, in Sikkim, it is the largest single largest selling brand in Sikkim. Whereas the other 
geographies are concern we have a recent launch Blue Lagoon Gin. Its very early days ready to 
make any specific guidance in terms of the numbers or the progress right now. I think we have 
not even achieved the width of distribution which we intend. So it will be quite premature to 
make any comment on that. 
Anushka Chitnis: 
What is your response for the non-brandy portfolio? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
The thing is that for the moment we have guided this earlier as well, 8or the next year and a half, 
two years, our focus is very much on brandy and to keep expanding our market share within 
brandy itself. 
Having said that, along with that, yes, there are developments which are taking place in the non-
brandy portfolio. You have seen the refresh of Blue Lagoon which frankly is not a play so much 
on gin, but rather a play on white spirits and flavoured spirits, which are seeing significant 
growth in the industry today. 
But I think you will start seeing the fruits of all these developments from a non-brandy 
perspective, let’s say, three-odd years forward. That is when you will start seeing some 
incremental eye-popping results coming out of that. For the next couple of years, it’s brandy 
which is going to be leading the – paving the way for us in terms of growth. 
Anushka Chitnis:  
Okay. Thank you. Do you have any launches in its new plan? Any new product developments? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
To follow-up on what Ameya has said, we reiterate our position as a brandy-first company. 
That’s our strength and that’s our focus and as I mentioned earlier also now, we are channelizing 
significant amount of resources in terms of communicating the proposition which we have for 
brandy. That said, we do have a new launch which will be happening in Q3 of FY 2024 and we'll 
keep you updated about the same. It remains in the brandy space and it will be premium to 
Mansion House.  

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pankaj Kumar from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Thanks for taking my questions, sir. And congratulations on a very good set of numbers. Sir, my 
question pertains to more on the industry side, particularly for brandy in the IMFL category. As 
you stated in the last three years, this brandy category has grown at 13% CAGR versus 8% P&A. 
So how do you see next three years for the brandy category given this white spirit is also now 
getting a lot of demand and all those? So given in this current scenario, how do you see brandy 
as a segment for next three years? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
I think whatever developments that are happening in brandy currently are happening on the P&A 
side. And obviously we are paving the way over there. We are more than 1/4 of the market or 
rather the industry on the P&A brandy side, right? So we drive most of the growth that's 
happening. 
Having said that, I think across categories, we are seeing tremendous developments happening 
on P&A. In terms of growth, I think you're obviously not looking at the kinds of growth that 
you've seen in the past, right? These will mellow down to some extent. From an industry 
perspective, you're looking at single-digit growth, right, for the next few years. Brandy P&A, 
given that it will be driven by us predominantly, you should be looking at somewhere in the 
higher single to lower double digits, right? With our guidance being in the mid-teens kind of 
growth. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
My second question is more on the long-term margins. Given your gross margins at 49% average 
that we've seen in the first half, and 80% is a P&A for you, so what are the levers for 
improvement in the gross margin in the next two years, three years? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
From a gross margin perspective, I think a couple of things over there. First, at some point, the 
ENA prices, I think, will halt from the monthly increase that we have seen. I think that is one 
part of it. 
The other part, which is more specific to us, is the fact that Flandy, as a product or as a brand, 
has only started picking up pace. As Mr. Dahanukar mentioned, 5% of overall MHB saliency in 
the relevant states in which it has been launched. You will see Flandy picking up in volumes as 
a share as well, which will lead to an increase in gross margins because it is a more premium 
product and therefore more profitable. 
Along with that, as Mr. Dahanukar also mentioned right now, in response to the earlier question, 
we are coming out with a new brand in this quarter, which is, again, at a premium to Mansion 
House. So you should be looking at certain levels of incremental margin expansion that does 
happen from here. Quantification becomes that much more difficult, given the volatile times that 
we are in, in terms of commodity prices. 
But, yes, I think even going below gross margins, if you look at EBITDA margins, EBITDA 
margins is surely something that we should see some improvement on, given operating leverage 
coming into play as well, over there. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Pankaj Kumar: 
Okay. And, sir, last question, if I may. So that is on accumulated losses that you have. So, given 
that accumulated losses, we have zero taxes in this quarter. So for how many quarters that we 
can see zero taxes continue? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
So, from next year, we are expecting that we will be paying taxes. So this year would perhaps 
be the last year wherein we are availing tax. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
And from your modeling perspective, it would be safe to assume Q1 onwards, Q1 of FY ‘25 
onwards. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Marcel, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Marcel: 
My first question is regarding this Punjab Expo wherein we have like taken in terms of INR100 
crores. So where do we sit on this one? Are we going to revive it or if you're not going to revive 
it, then are we going to just sell it at a salvage value? And the land is whether this particular land 
is lease hold or the freehold land? 
Abhinav Gupta:  
No. So Prag is -- I think you were mentioning about Prag Distillery? 
Marcel:  
 
No, no. Actually, I'm mentioning about both, Punjab Expo and Prag. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
So you see these units, they are of strategic importance to us. Punjab, if I take first, it is present 
in North India and at some point of time, we do propose to enter North Indian markets. 
Ultimately, as we see, the growth of the company can come from more brands, new brands as 
well as the geographical diversification. 
So that is a strategic unit from North Indian market entry perspective. Regarding Prag, it is 
present in AP, Andhra Pradesh and it is very much a unit which we have the license and recently 
it has come out of NCLT also. So we are doing production at almost full capacity in Prag and 
we will continue to do it in future as well. 
Marcel:  
 
So this is like Punjab Expo, this land is freehold or the leasehold? 
Amit Dahanukar:  
Freehold. 
Marcel: 
Freehold, okay. And the second thing regarding this income tax, you mentioned that like till Q1 
of next year, like there won't be any tax liabilities. So what is our unabsorbed income tax, carry 
forward losses, as of 30 September 2023, income tax? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
We have unabsorbed depreciation of around INR120-odd crores. So we will be utilizing that in 
this financial year. So from next year onwards, you should assume full tax payment. 
Marcel:  
 
And the carry forward losses? 
Abhinav Gupta:  
They have already been utilized. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Marcel: 
Okay. And my last question sir, like regarding this like our dominance in the brandy, but just 
like humble submission, because if we are going to restrict ourselves on brandy, so a point will 
come like when the market will saturate. Because the younger generation and so on, they are not 
much on the brandies, like more on the cold weather side or the army kind of thing. Like where 
do you -- more so, what’s your strategy, like to launch other alcoholic products? Number one. 
And number two, which new state we want to launch in the Q3 and Q4? And how is the response 
in the state which we launched in the recent past? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, so see, just coming to brandy first right. Now, you rightly said that brandy is a 
predominantly southern India kind of a play. However, I think what one needs to look at from 
an IMFL industry perspective is that South India actually contributes more than 50% of the 
volumes of Indian IMFL. You add to that the institutional side of the business of CSD and PMF, 
where also brandy gets sold pretty well. You are looking at more than 60% of the overall industry 
which is being catered to by us as such. 
Now, with respect to why focus on brandy for the next year and a half to 2 years is that see, there 
is still a long way to go. I earlier mentioned that Brandy P&A is the fastest growing P&A 
category within IMFL. But one more thing that we need to consider over here is that Brandy 
P&A takes only 34% share of overall Brandy. You compare this to another category like let's 
say, Whiskey. Whiskey has got a 54% or rather a 55% saliency of P&A within overall Whiskey 
itself. Vodka is more than 60%. 60% of Vodka is actually Vodka P&A. 
So, we still see a great amount of headroom from a premiumization perspective within brandy 
as a category. And we are strong at brandy. We are the kings of brandy. There's no denying that. 
And we just want to make ample use of the position that we are in to build brandy as a category. 
Marcel:  
 
And so, like, what is this P&A? I didn't follow this one. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Prestige and Above. It is the premium side of the industry. 
Marcel: 
Okay. Got it. So, in the similar range, we should also focus on rum because in the P&A in the 
army -- rum is also consumed very large scale. So are we have this rum product or not? Or are 
we trying to not rum? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
We do have a rum product. It's a brand called Madira, which is pretty famous within the CSD as 
well as in Kerala as well. So we do have a rum product, but yes, I think it comes down to what 
are the extremely strong at, and brandy obviously is that category… 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So I just like to add to what Ameya was saying to summarize is that based on brandy portfolio 
in the past 30 months, we have doubled volumes, and we're seeing the momentum continue. So 
I'm not seeing any clear -- why we should do anything too much different at this stage. When in 
30 months, we've been able to clearly demonstrate that we have doubled our volumes. 
Marcel: 
And what's the market share in the brandy, currently? And what you got to target, say, by the 
end of next financial year, for example? 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So I think we have already addressed this question. I think if something remains, you can write 
to us directly, we will respond to you. 
Marcel:  
 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Karan Sanwal from Niveshaay. Please 
go ahead. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. I wanted to 
understand, how is the response of the Flandy that we have launched in the last year? And if you 
could share the future contribution of the Flandy segment and the margins that we could expect 
from the same? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Sure. So margins, we will not get into. That is a level of detailing on a brand-wise basis that we 
don't get into. But needless to say, it is a high contributing and high-margin product, given the 
premiumized level at which it stands. With regards to how is it done, as Mr. Dhanukar mentioned 
earlier on the call as well, we have already achieved 5% of MHB saliency, Mansion House 
Brandy saliency, which is a pretty good number given the fact that this brand has been launched 
only around 12-odd months back. And given the sheer scale of Mansion House brandy, the base 
itself is pretty huge. 
So from that perspective, it has done extremely well. Like we mentioned earlier, in the state of 
Telangana, Flandy is the number three brandy today, in less than 12 months to have achieved 
that status. I think it's pretty incredible. I think we also need to consider the fact that Flandy is a 
first of its kind innovation within the industry. Never has India seen a flavored brandy come out 
of its stable as such. And we are extremely proud of this innovation. We are actually, just to give 
you a sense of how well it is doing, you should be seeing a couple more flavors coming out of 
this portfolio as well very soon. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
And at retail level, just to give you a sense, Flandy would be at 20% to 25% premium to the 
Mansion House price. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Right. And also, another question, like we have as a promoter group, we have diluted our equity 
to raise preferential issues. So any other, any preferential issue we are expecting in the recent 
time? Or we are done with that proportion? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So we have raised adequate capital, I do not see any immediate need to raise further capital. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Right. So we would be comfortable managing our working capital with the facilities that we 
have, right now? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay, that's great. And also regarding, we have reduced our pledged promoter shares from 
around 60%, 70% to around 20%, 25%. So, I just want to understand, like which thing have we 
pledged against and can we expect this to come down further? 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So I have given guidance earlier that in this, within this financial year, we should be able to 
reduce the promoter pledge to zero. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay. And also one last question. I think a previous participant also asked, but we have marked 
a good increase in EBITDA margins in this, in this quarter. And congratulations for that. But 
would that level be sustainable or can we expect some further increase in that EBITDA margin 
level on a consolidated basis? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
Yes, you should be looking at further expansion in EBITDA margins. 
Karan Sanwal: 
 
Any range that you could give or how? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
See, we'll stick to our guidance. So FY ‘24, we will close between 13% to 14%. That's the 
guidance which has been given earlier as well. We, as of H1’24, are at 13%. So you should see 
this increasing to some extent for the rest of the year. And for next year, you're looking at 
anywhere between 14% to 14.5%. 
Karan Sanwal: 
Okay, that's good. Thank you so much and all the very best for the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Thanks. Sir, I had two questions. Firstly, talking about premiumization in brandy. So after the 
new premium launch that we are talking about that we will do in the third quarter, do you see, I 
mean, have you identified more gaps in the space and at higher price points, maybe which you 
can look to target in the next two years to three years to increase the share of P&A in brandy, 
which has been lagging relative to whiskey, for example? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, so actually a brilliant point, Himanshu that you brought out. That is exactly the strategy with 
which we go about introducing new brands. So if you have to look at, just take an example, 
right? Let's take the example of a state like Karnataka. If you look at Karnataka whiskey market, 
you will have around 10 to 12 different price segments within whiskey itself. However, when 
you start comparing that to, let's say, a brandy, brandy will have anywhere between five to six 
best case, right? In certain states, it may even be just four price segments that are there. 
So that is exactly what we are trying to do with our premiumization ladder over here, whereby 
we are actually trying to find need gaps in terms of where can we slot in products or brands, 
okay, at a relevant price point where it doesn't exist today. And that is exactly what this new 
brand is going to be. It is going to be put in a price point which doesn't exist to a great extent in 
brandy. 
You will see sister peers in terms of whiskey and all, but not so much in brandy. So that is the 
entire strategy going forward for us. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it, got it. And one more point, I mean, we have talked a lot about our strategy and numbers, 
etcetera. But I believe we've also beefed up our management bandwidth quite a bit, which has 
obviously been driving this execution of the strategy. So if you guys can share some details on 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
the senior hirings that we have done, especially in the last couple of years, with a view to 
strengthen our mid and top management, basically? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So yes, that's an interesting point, which you have made. I think that's a process which is 
continuous. But yes, the senior management now we have adequately staffed with the domain 
expertise and the talent bandwidth now has significantly improved in the company, which has 
been one of the primary reasons I feel we have been able to execute the strategy. 
Over the last two years, three years, I think that's been quite evident and that's gone a long way 
in helping us execute our vision. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
And we are confident of retaining this talent via enough incentive, etcetera, right? 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So I feel in terms of the compensation, we are on par with the industry, the best in the industry. 
There's no doubt about that. We also do have a very attractive ESOP policy, which is working 
very well currently. So senior management and mid-level management have adequate ESOPs. 
So I believe that will keep them engaged with the future of the company and the company's 
prospects. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it. That's all from me. Thanks. Thanks and all the best to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Varun Mishra, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Varun Mishra: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Firstly, my question was, as you've seen, there's an 
increase in VAT as far as Maharashtra state is concerned. So like quarter 3 being the one of the 
strongest quarters. So could we see an increase in the revenue in this quarter, like the preceding 
quarter? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
You're referring to Maharashtra? 
Varun Mishra: 
 
Yes. To Maharashtra. 
Ameya Deshpande: 
So see, Maharashtra is a very small state for us in terms of saliency. It's actually in low single 
digits. So it's not going to be meaningful for us. 
Varun Mishra: 
Okay. So like, it won't be, like there won't be any revenue divers from Maharashtra, the major 
one of? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No. 
Varun Mishra: 
Okay. And do you have any plans to get into like ethanol in the future or any non-alcoholic 
segments? 
Amit Dahanukar:  
Not right now. We will keep you all updated if there's any significant material development.  
Varun Mishra: 
 
Okay. Thanks. Thank you. That's all. 

 
 
Tilaknagar Industries Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nakul Joshi, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Nakul Joshi: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and a big congratulation for a very good set of numbers. 
So I have a couple of questions. Starting with the UK Free Trade Agreement and wanted to know 
that how is it progressing and what impact it could have on the company's revenues? And also, 
do you see any particular downside or any red flags in our domestic dominance because of the 
same? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
So, see, UK FTA doesn't impact us significantly given the fact that we are a predominantly 
brandy player, right. This would be more an impact for whiskey players, but not so much for us. 
Nakul Joshi: 
 
Understood. And does it open up more export opportunities for us? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
No, I think it, I wouldn't comment on that. 
Nakul Joshi: 
No problem. And the second question was about the, in terms of raw material and bottling costs, 
where do you see the same going? It's more operational efficiency possible over here? 
Ameya Deshpande: 
So see, raw materials, frankly, very difficult to put a handle on that, right. I mean, ENA prices 
are what they are. They are at, I think, a pretty elevated level as it stands, but we do believe that 
at some point this will pause and potentially come down as well. So there could be some margin 
drivers over there. With regards to bottling charges and all, I think we are pretty well optimized 
right now. So we don't expect any further optimization coming out from on that side. 
Nakul Joshi: 
 
Understood. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, in interest of time, that would be the last question for today. 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Dahanukar: 
So thank you all for your participation on this call. If there are any individual queries, we are 
free to address it. I think to summarize, we continue on building our brandy portfolio. As a 
brandy-first company, I think our endeavor will remain to grow the brandy category. We don't 
particularly view it in terms of category, in terms of what Ameya also has mentioned. It's more 
price point strategy, which we have. 
 
So we are competing with whiskey at particular price points, and our endeavor will be to try and 
see whether there's some migration from other flavors. For example, Flandy, which we spoke 
about earlier, it's being viewed rather than being viewed as a flavored brandy, it's being viewed 
as a flavored spirit. 
So we have some more innovations in the pipeline. I think exciting times ahead for the company. 
I think we've been able to have significant growth over the past two years. I think the balance 
sheet is now well capitalized and well-engineered, and we can leverage well from this position 
to deliver better results in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Systematix Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
