 
 
November 2, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540767 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Scrip Symbol: NAM-INDIA 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub.: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter 
ended September 30, 2023, conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on October 30, 
2023, for your information and records. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company:  
https://mf.nipponindiaim.com/InvestorServices/pdfDocuments/Conference-Call-Transcript-for-Q2-FY-
2024.pdf  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
 
 
Nilufer Shekhawat 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
NILUFER 
GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT
Digitally signed by NILUFER GAURAV 
SHEKHAWAT 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
pseudonym=oNOxKtVsTbWlFJSD4U3wovECJ3t
Sz4Dq, 
2.5.4.20=61d49b59f1dd4727452b50c41d5dc20
7ff97becd9f01d21c0d03f1bd3b9074c6, 
postalCode=400093, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=7c17697263e997f44e2102c1960
63c44f0ba011d0fd4a08a289b57c91d8c4950, 
cn=NILUFER GAURAV SHEKHAWAT 
Date: 2023.11.02 17:11:54 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNDEEP SIKKA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CEO, 
NIPPON LIFE INDIA ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
MR. PRATEEK JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
NIPPON LIFE INDIA ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
MR. SAUGATA CHATTERJEE – CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER, NIPPON LIFE INDIA ASSET MANAGEMENT 
LIMITED 
MR. ARPAN SAHA – CHIEF DIGITAL OFFICER, NIPPON 
LIFE INDIA ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
MR. ARUN SUNDARESAN – HEAD OF PRODUCT & IR, 
NIPPON LIFE INDIA ASSET MANAGEMENT LIMITED 
MR. SHIN MATSUI-SAN – NOMINEE OF NIPPON LIFE 
INSURANCE, JAPAN 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANSUMAN DEB – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ansuman Deb from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Ansuman Deb: 
Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. On behalf of ICICI Securities, it is our privilege to host 
the Q2 FY24 Results Conference Call of Nippon Life India Asset Management. We will have 
an initial management commentary followed by a Q&A. 
Without further ado, I now hand over the call to Mr. Sundeep Sikka - Executive Director and 
CEO. Over to you, sir. 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Thanks. Good evening and welcome to our Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us our Chief Financial Officer – Prateek Jain; Chief Business Officer – Saugata 
Chatterjee; Chief Digital Officer – Arpan Saha; Head of Product and IR, Arun Sundaresan, and 
Matsui-San – Nominee of Nippon Life Insurance, Japan. 
Our detailed “Investor Presentation and Press Release” have been uploaded on the exchanges as 
well as on our website. 
I will break my comments in three parts: 
1) 
Industry Overview. 
2) 
Performance. 
3) 
The Way Forward. 
Starting off with the markets: 
Equity markets of Q2 FY24 showed divergent performance while the Nifty 50 increased only 
2%, Nifty mid cap and small cap indices rose by 13% and 16% respectively. RBI held the repo 
rate steady at 6.5% while the 10-year G-Sec yield increased by 10 basis points quarter-on-quarter 
with 7.22%. 
Coming to the data on Mutual Fund Industry: 
The industry grew by 9% quarter-on-quarter in Q2 FY24 to INR 47 trillion. This is the highest 
quarterly growth since Q2 FY22. On a year-on-year basis, the quarterly average AUM grew by 
20.3%. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
Moving to Flows: 
1) 
The equity category excluding index and arbitrage witnessed a gross inflow of INR 
1.55 trillion and a net inflow of INR 492 billion. Both gross and net flows were higher 
on quarter-on-quarter basis. Strong inflows were witnessed in sectoral, thematic, small 
cap, flexi, and mid cap category.  
2) 
Investor interest in investing through systematic investment plans has further 
increased with the SIP contribution to the quarter being INR 471 billion, 25% higher 
than Q2 FY23 and 9% higher than Q1 FY24.  
3) 
Monthly SIP flows in September 2023 stood at INR 160 billion, which was an all-time 
high. The SIP folios increased 7% quarter-on-quarter to 71.3 million.  
4) 
Arbitrage funds also witnessed strong inflows of INR 297 billion.  
5) 
The fixed income category that is debt plus liquid witnessed a net outflow of INR 594 
billion after large inflow we witnessed in Q1 FY24.  
6) 
ETF flows were moderate at INR 49 billion.  
At the end of the quarter, unique investors in the mutual fund industry increased to 40.4 
billion, while the industry folios increased to 157.1 million increasing financialization, 
higher awareness, better reach through new-age tech platforms and distribution networks 
should see continued growth for the industry going forward. 
Now, moving to our Business Performance: 
1) 
We closed the quarter with assets under management of INR 4.35 trillion. This 
includes mutual funds, managed accounts, and offshore funds.  
2) 
Our mutual funds quarterly average AUM grew 12% quarter-on-quarter and 23% year-
on-year to reach INR 3.51 trillion. 
I would now like to share a few highlights for the quarter: 
1) 
Starting with the Market Share. Our market share increased 18 basis points quarter-
on-quarter to 7.46% with the market share increasing across most asset categories. 
2) 
During the quarter, we moved up one position to 5th in terms of total equity AUM, 
our equity share also continues to grow. It has increased from a low of 6.18% to 6.53%, 
of which there was a 26-basis point improvement in Q2 FY24. It is important to note 
that this market share improvement has happened even after we stopped lump sum 
inflows into a small cap fund in July 2023 in investor’s interest. 
3) 
Apart from equity, we also gained market share in other segments including 33 basis 
points quarter-on-quarter improvement in the liquid segment and 16 basis points 
quarter-on-quarter improvement in ETF segment.  
4) 
We continue with balance growth both in terms of asset class as well as investor 
category. On the segmental front, our individual AUM, which consists of retail, HNI 
AUM, saw market share improvement for the seventh straight quarter. Individual 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
AUM grew 14% quarter-on-quarter to INR 2,094 billion, market share increased 29 
basis points quarter-on-quarter to 7.45%.  
5) 
Our B-30 AUM grew 13.9% quarter-on-quarter to INR 719 billion, which keeps us 
amongst the fastest growing large AMCs in B-30 locations. Our market share 
improved 25 basis points quarter-on-quarter to 8.58%. This segment forms 20% of our 
AUM versus 18% for the industry. 
6) 
The performance of our large equity schemes remained strong and this, along with our 
distribution network, digital capability, and strong risk management, helped us deliver 
a double-digit market share in net sales, in equity plus hybrid segment in Q2 FY24.  
7) 
We added 1.2 million investor folios in the quarter and continue to have the largest 
base in the mutual fund industry with 14.6 million unique investors. We are humbled 
to have one out of three mutual fund investors in India.  
8) 
During the quarter, we also completed the NFO of Nippon India Innovation Fund as 
at the end of the quarter, the AUM in this fund stood at INR 9.6 billion. 
I would now also like to touch upon the important aspects of our systematic book: 
1) 
The systematic flows are a stable and a key driver for industry’s long term equity 
flows. I am happy to share that there have been a continued uptick in our systematic 
flows over the last 9 quarters, which has led to increase in our market share.  
2) 
Our monthly systematic book rose by 42% to INR 17.3 billion for September 2023 
over June 2023. This resulted in an analyzed systematic book of INR 208 billion.  
3) 
Number of systematic transactions for the quarter increased by 20% quarter-on-quarter 
to more than 12.8 million.  
4) 
64% of our SIP AUM has continued for over 5 years versus 26% for the industry. This 
bodes well for the volatile markets where folios with low ticket size have demonstrated 
longer vintage and better stickiness. 16% of our SIP folios have continued for more 
than 5 years against an industry average of 12%. 
Moving on briefly to the ETF Segment: 
1) 
At Nippon India Mutual Fund, we offer an industry best suite of passive funds with an 
ETF ecosystem, which is already in place and far ahead of the peers in terms of 
investor base and mind share. We continue to be one of the largest ETF players with 
an AUM of INR 808 billion and a market share of 14%. The Gold ETF fund is the 
largest in the category, having assets of INR 78 billion.  
2) 
Our share in the industry’s ETF folios is 61%. We have a 67% share of ETF volumes 
on NSE and BSE. Our ETF's average daily volumes across key funds remain far higher 
than the rest of the industry.  
3) 
Last quarter, NAM India was appointed as one of the four AMCs for managing EPFO 
corpus for ETF investments. These investments commenced in the beginning of July 
2023, and we are seeing approximately one-fourth of the incremental EPO flows going 
forward. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Moving on to a strong Distribution Franchise: 
1) 
Our digital strategy remains focused towards enabling better reach and leveraging 
technology advancements to provide frictionless experience.  
2) 
As digital and technological landscape is continuously evolving, the perpetual beta 
thought process has led to constantly strengthening our digital ecosystem and enabled 
simple and easy investment experience across the ecosystem for our investors and 
partners.  
3) 
Digital purchase transactions rose to 2.55 million in H1 FY24, up 64% year-on-year. 
We have witnessed close to 50% jump in Q2 FY24 compared to Q1 FY24. The digital 
channel contributed 56% of the total new purchase transactions for H1 FY24.  
4) 
Our physical distribution base is well diversified and with a wide presence through 
265 locations across the country.  
5) 
We have over 95,600 distributors in total and added roughly 2,600 new distributors 
during this quarter. 
Now, I would like to briefly update you on our subsidiaries, namely AIF and Singapore 
subsidiary: 
1) 
Starting with the Nippon India AIF. As mentioned in past, AIF continues to be an 
important focus area for NAM India.  
2) 
Last quarter, we appointed the new Head of AIF business, Mr. Ashish Chugani. This 
quarter, further, to strengthen the AIF business, we have internally moved a Senior 
Resource, Mr. Aashwin Dugal as a Deputy Head of the business.  
3) 
Under Nippon India AIF, we offer category 2 and category 3, alternate investment 
funds and have commitment of INR 57.8 billion across schemes.  
4) 
We had launched our Tech Fund of Fund in 2020, which was anchored by large 
Japanese institutional and corporate investors. The fund is in the advanced stage of 
deployment. 
5) 
The Company has started getting into multiple business lines. Towards this end, we 
have recently launched our Credit AIF and a Long Only Equity AIF for which the 
fundraising is in progress.  
6) 
On the offshore front, we will continue to focus on fundraising from international 
markets, looking at business opportunities with subsidiaries, associates, and large 
network of Nippon Life Japan. Nippon Life Japan remains committed in supporting 
NAM India's offshore business.  
7) 
We continue to see interest for India not only from the conventional markets but are 
also getting initial positive inflows and interest from LATAM market.  
In terms of regulatory environment, not much has changed since the prior quarter. SEBI 
had come up with the consultation paper in May 2023 regarding the review of the year 
charged by the AMCs. We continue to await details regarding the revised paper post 
incorporating industry feedback. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Now, on our Financial Performance: 
1) 
For Q2 FY24, revenue stood at INR 3.97 billion, up 20% year-on-year.  
2) 
Other income stood at INR 0.78 billion, down 5% year-on-year.  
3) 
Operating profits stood at INR 2.33 billion, up 25% year-on-year and 20% quarter-on-
quarter.  
4) 
Profits after tax stood at INR 2.44 billion, an increase of 19% year-on-year and 4% 
quarter-on-quarter.  
As a part of our capital allocation strategy, we would like to reiterate that we have a stated 
dividend policy to distribute 60% to 90% of our profits to our shareholders. In FY23, we 
distributed 100% of our profits. Further, the Board of Directors has declared an interim 
dividend of Rs. 5.5 per share along with the Q2 FY24 results today. In addition, we also 
remain open to evaluate investments in strategic opportunities that can add profitability or 
complement our existing businesses. 
Briefly, moving onto ESG: 
1) 
As a signatory to UN-PRI, we are integrating ESG spreads into various aspects of 
planning, operations, fund management, risk, and governance. 
2) 
Our ESG ratings are amongst the best in the financial services industry with NAM 
India now rated ‘Low Risk’ as per Sustainalytics.  
3) 
As a responsible investment manager, we are building a resilient portfolio that will 
provide sustainable returns to our investors and have a positive environmental and 
social impact. 
In Conclusion: 
We remain excited about the business opportunities going forward. This includes both domestic 
markets, where mutual funds have become a preferred investment route as well as global markets 
where we would be aided by the network of Nippon Life Japan. We continue to focus on 
sustainable profitable growth for our shareholders in the backlog of our distribution network, 
institutionalized processes, and strong risk management. 
With these comments, we are happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Sir, my first question is related to the yields, I just wanted to understand that, sir, when I look at 
the standalone business, I see that there has been slight sequential dilution in this, while at a 
consolidated level there has been expansion in the yields, so if you could highlight what would 
be the reason for this and what impacted the mutual fund business because of which there is a 
slight reduction in this and whether outside the MF business we are seeing higher level business? 
That would be my first question. Secondly in terms of gross inflow if you could highlight how 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
our market share is shaping up because you provided these two numbers compared to the 
industry flows, I think we have seen a very strong expansion in that number if the market share 
is coming close to 10%, so how are we in terms of gross flows given that we have stopped the 
lump sum investments in the small cap fund? So, how is that shaping up overall? And the second 
question, probably in terms of the equity of inflows, so if you could highlight what is the 
quantum of inflows we are receiving every month or every quarter and what is the economics of 
scale in terms of how are the realizations and how much of that is going into the bottom-line and 
how should we think about the yield trajectory from this perspective given that this is related to 
lower margin product compared to there are other products? So, how should we think about the 
blended yields going forward? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
You have three questions. I will request Prateek to take the question on the yields and then 
Saugata Chatterjee on the gross flows, but I would like to just touch on the last part on what you 
talked about the EPFO. Broadly, EPFO would be investing about Rs. 15,000 crores, per annum 
per AMC. This is going to be coming into distinct funds, so whatever the fees that we have been 
charging even before the EPFO mandate that will continue. It is right now coming in Nifty ETF, 
and we are at this point of time charging ~4 basis points. To your other question, the blended 
yield will come down going forward. I would request you not to see as a blended yield. The 
EPFO money will be coming separately, and you should not mix it up with the overall yield 
because that may not give you the right picture. So, broadly from our perspective, if you do the 
rough calculation, EPFO mandate will give us approximately Rs. 15,000 crores per annum and 
the bottom line of net about Rs. 5-6 crores per annum. Prateek, if you could take the question on 
yields. 
Prateek Jain: 
So, Swarnabha, in terms of the overall yields, broadly, it has remained the same as we had 
mentioned in the last quarter. Despite the change in mix, which has slightly improved, but 
overall, our size of the equity AUM has grown and what we have seen is our growth on the 
quarter-on-quarter basis is almost 17% and half yearly basis is 26%. This is both because of the 
higher inflows which I will ask Chatty to share with you both in SIP as well as on the lump sum 
basis, but also in terms of the total new increase of the assets, what you see this year itself what 
we have seen is our annualized run rate net sales for this quarter was almost 3X of what we have 
done in the entire last financial year. Therefore, our assets have been growing much faster and 
because of this SEBI related formula, there has been some compression out there and therefore 
if you see, the yields have not moved up, but the thing is that on an average basis, we are at the 
same realization what it was the last quarter. In terms of our other lines of businesses, as we 
mentioned that those businesses, we operate more from a profitability perspective and those rates 
are more in line and are better than the competition. There are various asset classes where we 
are present and the yields are very different, but more importantly, the net yields are in the range 
of 66 basis to 100 basis points. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Sir, I just want to follow up on this, if you could call out the category level yields which you 
share every time and for equity, stock versus flow? 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes, we don't give the yields on the net new flows, but on the segment wise yield in terms of our 
book, we are almost about 70 odd basis point on the equity, debt would be in the range of 25 to 
30 basis point, liquid in the range of 20 to 15 basis point and ETF in the range of 15 to 20 basis 
points. This includes gold, so yes. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Just to continue the question on flows, for this quarter what we find is our gross flows is in the 
range of 7% and from a net perspective, we are around 11% if you take the last quarter flows, it 
keeps varying every month, but we are in the double-digit net sales every month. So, what 
happens is if our net sales are better than the market share, we tend to grow our market share 
and that is the way the trend is being seen for the last 3 quarters. Even on the SIP side, our market 
share is higher, when it comes to the number of SIP's and the contribution to the net incremental 
SIP book, which is happening in the industry. So, both these components add up to the overall 
net sales growth in equity. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
This flows that you shared, this is for the equity category, right? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
Yes, overall equity category. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Mahdukar Ladha: 
Just wanted to get a sense on quarter-on-quarter basis, has there been any significant movement 
in the yields across categories, so that is one thing I just want to get a sense on that? 
Prateek Jain: 
So, as mentioned, there has not been a significant movement on the yield side of it. The overall 
yield has remained about 41 basis points and on the segmental one as I mentioned to you that 
because of the size impact and because of the new flow impact on the equity, there has been a 
decline in sum for the overall equity realization. This is because this is governed more by the 
SEBI formula because if you see Quarter 2 itself our annualized net sales is 3X of what we did 
in FY23. So, we are getting a very disproportionately high share of net sales and the overall 
AUM has also grown about 17.5%. So, both of this has accounted for the higher AUM and 
getting into the newer slab and hence because of the new slab rates our yields are lower. 
However, from our perspective, we have not made any changes to our distribution commission 
in terms of payout, etc. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just wanted to also understand what has driven other income this quarter? 
Prateek Jain: 
It is purely mark to market for our total investment surplus. As you are aware the company has 
a total net capital of about Rs. 3,500 crores, which has been deployed in our own mutual fund 
schemes broadly about 85% of that has been invested in our own mutual fund scheme. There are 
another into FD's and tax saving bonds and this is entirely based on mark to market impact on 
these investments, 92% of this net worth is invested into financials or other financial 
investments, which are our own schemes as well as FDs and bonds. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
There is no unusual element in it, right? No one off? 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Prateek Jain: 
No one off. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Sir, I just have one question on the distribution side, so like as you mentioned that we are seeing 
like about 7% market share on the gross flows, so but across channels could you give us more 
color like where we are seeing the highest pickup in this flows and which are the segments where 
we want to see more pickup in this distribution channel? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Broadly, it is across the board we are seeing the increase in market share, but from our point of 
view, as always, we have articulated our strength lies in retail and it also makes economic sense 
because retail flows are stickier. So, we continue focusing on segments which can give us sticky 
assets and typically what we have seen smaller ticket size and SIPs have been stickier, but 
broadly our market share increase across all these segments have been equal. 
Lalit Deo: 
And sir, just two data keeping questions, so like you mentioned that this quarter we have a net 
addition of 70 basis points on the equity, so like what was it during the last quarter, could you 
quantify? 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes, so it was in the range of about 74 to 75 basis point because as I said, because of the size 
issue and because of the inflow’s issues, we have seen some contraction in terms of the yields. 
Lalit Deo: 
And sir, like what would be the new SIP registrations during the quarter. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
For us, we are doing on an average of 4.5 lakh SIPs every month gross, so roughly about 12-13 
lakh SIPs we are getting every quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare, please proceed. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
The first question is, is it possible to give some color on the mix of the SIP book in terms of how 
spread out it is compared to your overall portfolio mix? Just asking this in the context of last few 
months or quarters seeing extraordinary activity in the small and mid-cap fund categories as 
such? 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
So, the good part is in our case, we have more or less equal distribution amongst the 5 market 
caps, large cap, multi cap, mid cap, small cap, and the flexi category. So, we have a quite equal 
spread because what we have seen is our fund performance in the last 1-2 years has been across 
the market caps and hence the de-risking of our business is quite visible from the SIP flows 
which are coming into our fund. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
And just again from the perspective of flows, the observation is that our representation or market 
share in some of the larger categories such as large cap, balance advantage, we are a little bit 
under-represented, so just any thoughts on improving share of those schemes across different 
distribution counters as well? 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Sundeep Sikka: 
As a money manager, our thought process is to continue producing best quality returns and let 
the investors decide. From our perspective large cap, multi cap, small cap, growth, all are doing 
very well. Hybrids is a growing category, and every asset management company has found a 
different niche that they want to grow, but to answer your question, we would like to be 
represented equally. Wherever we feel our market share is a little lower, we will continue 
building upon that. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Last one, just a question on OpEx, like this quarter, we had the benefit of strong operating 
leverage despite double digit expense growth, but looking ahead, do you see any possibilities of 
cutting back on expense line if the AUM growth turns out to be a little more volatile for the next 
12 months and subsequently any guidance or indication on projected cost growth as well? 
Prateek Jain: 
So, Abhijeet if you look at it from a quarter-on-quarter perspective, it is quite flat. If you look at 
our employee expenses for the last 5 years, it has been pretty flattish and it is just that as I 
mentioned last time around to future proof ourselves, we have upped our investment into 3 or 4 
areas, specifically, marketing spends, you would have seen we are more visible in terms of our 
marketing. We have increased our spending in terms of IT, we mentioned that we are working 
on developing Data Lake around which entire artificial intelligence will work on. The third part 
is that we have been outsourcing some of our processes. We have been keeping a tab on our 
employee cost, therefore there is some spillover of that is on to our other outsourced or other 
consultant cost. So, these are the three areas which has contributed largely to this increase which 
are predominantly I would say that can be switched off on a tap, if things are not moving right, 
if the market corrects sharply, then these are the ones which are more discretionary and which 
can be switched off on tap and then there have been a few one off expenses, last quarter we had 
some few one-off and this year also we have some one-off cases which also are very 
discretionary. Those costs can be again as and when we do not want to spend them, we can cut 
them off. So, I would say that largely the increase what you are saying is on the discretionary 
spend, we are very conscious of increasing any kind of fixed expenses including our employee 
cost that as we have mentioned in the past. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, I had a question on following up with the last question, on the employee expense and the 
employee count, so probably if you can help us understand there has been a reduction in the 
employee count and is it correct that the outsourcing of the process that you are talking about 
has led to the reduction in employee count, just a clarification on that? 
Prateek Jain: 
No, there has not been a significant reduction. If you see from the peak, we were about 1200 odd 
people, it was in 2018-19, we are now about 985, 15-20 people here and there. So, that is from 
last year to now, so we have not had any significant increase or decrease in our total employees. 
When it comes to outsourcing, any kind of non-core work instead of hiring people if we can put 
it out and give it to an outsourced agency to carry out that is how we have been working on. It 
is not related to the significant reduction in that cost. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Sundeep Sikka: 
From our perspective, there has not been any conscious effort to reduce the headcount, rather, 
we continue investing in our people with a lot of digitalization that has taken place across and 
this leveraging technology, definitely the backend there have been certain processes which are 
more efficient with the higher use of technology. So, the reduction in numbers is more, which is 
one of the reasons which is also helping us to increase our operating leverage. 
Shreya Shivani: 
So, I am just clarifying that the reduction in employee count is also the outsourcing of the 
processes and the digitalization which reduces the need for people, right need for manpower? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Perfect. You got it right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mohit from Bob Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Mangal: 
Sir, just to reiterate, I was just seeing your presentation and now you are present in 265 locations 
versus 275 last year in Q2 and 270, so this is also a result of digitalization or is something else? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
There is no change in strategy. We have articulated in past also, we strongly believe both digital 
and physical will remain our strength going forward. We do not want to have a strategy of only 
digital. We believe physical is going to support our digital business. So, you will continue seeing 
our size of branches plus minus and it could be whatever reason clubbing of branches, there 
could also be going to a bigger, having multiple branches in one city and clubbing them together, 
so there could be different reasons for that, but broadly the strategy remains as in the physical 
part remains a very important of our long-term strategy. 
Mohit Mangal: 
My next question is towards the unique investors, we have got 36% market share over there, so 
in your experience, just wanted to understand how is the behavior of these customers are they 
very sticky and what age group they are, if you could just throw some light on that, that would 
be very helpful? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
As Prateek mentioned, we are investing a lot in Data Lake, trying to understand the behavior of 
the investor. One of the earlier questions which was there, the expense going up is exactly we 
are investing a lot on data science, understanding the behavior of people. We will not be able to 
touch too much because every investor is unique, but broadly what we have seen is the young 
investors who are coming in, the starting point for them is systematic investment plan. The other 
part is basically what we have seen is smaller the ticket size the more sticky it is, but at this point 
of time, we will not be able to share with you a lot of analytics that we are working on our data 
because today the fact remains it is having 20 million investors and for some of these investors, 
we have a history of more than 10, 15, 20 years, this is going to be a very important part of our 
strategy going forward how do we put this data to use. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jignesh Shial from Incred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Jignesh Shial: 
I just had one more like a macro kind of a question, there had been a change in the tax norms for 
these insurance companies and thereby the non-PAR which is a savings product can be now 
being executed to what mutual fund or typical FDs would be, are you seeing flows shifting, 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
broad level, do you see that kind of flows which will be shifting or the investor minds are shifting 
or getting more linear towards mutual funds with long-term mutual fund investments and all, 
just as your thoughts if you have any? That is the only thing I wanted to know? 
Prateek Jain: 
So, Jignesh, see if you go by the initial assessment this has come in, I think industry has not 
witnessed too much money coming into the debt segment while ultra short term and liquid has 
seen some money coming in, but on the longer tuner, the money has not come in, so here they 
are understanding and grabbling is because here the tax break has been taken away. On the other 
side, if you would have seen that there is a good amount of money which has gone into the senior 
citizen saving scheme, so obviously as Sundeep mentioned that this is also to be seen in a longer-
term context rather than just in a short view, but what we understand is in the last 6 months, also 
what you will see that money getting into the hybrid funds category. From an industry 
perspective, it would be both from a realization, from investor’s long-term benefit perspective, 
it is much better that he comes into hybrid category and takes the advantage of indexation as 
well, therefore, you will see some diversification happening, however, HNI as well as the senior 
citizens beyond their investment into FDs, they will keep coming into the longer-term. Also, the 
market has been bit volatile, therefore industry is also not going and pushing that hard, so this is 
combination of all of these things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
A couple of questions, firstly, on the outlook on yields, can you give some outlook on yields, so 
how could the yields have moved from here in the second half or specifically, you have a steady 
kind of a market scenario? Secondly, on the NFO yields - how has been the market behavior and 
what is your product line up for the second half? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
If I understood Prayesh your question because your voice was not very clear outlook on yield 
and the other one is our own pipeline for NFO? 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. 
Prateek Jain: 
I would say that the competitive pressure which was there once on the yields have reduced and 
we are seeing higher revenue on the new NFOs, like these are in excess of our current book as 
well, what we are earning on the new NFOs. Also, with regards to the trajectory going forward, 
it will be a bit difficult because if we continue to get this kind of significant flows, then obviously 
the yield compression can be as high as what we have seen in the last quarter, but I am sure this 
will not remain as high and I could say jokingly that look last one month has been something 
where market has corrected. Once the AUM goes down, we start earning slightly higher, so I 
would say that looks difficult to predict per se, but if you go, in a longer term as we said that 
look there would be some 2-3 basis point yield compression which will happen on an average 
basis on every year basis. This will continue for the next 3-4 years before the yields get 
stabilized. In terms of product line up, we have been consciously not been coming out with large 
new NFOs as Sundeep in his conversation has mentioned last time also that we will only bring 
in NFO when we believe that it is a very good opportunity for an investor, and it is something 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
which is unique. Hence per se, we do not have too many products lined-up but would request 
Chatty if we want to add something. 
Saugata Chatterjee: 
No, nothing. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Can I just slip in one more, so just on the international flows into India, typically Nippon Life 
support to the AMC, what kind of growth it would be preferred, whether that GIFT City route 
would be preferred, or direct investment would be preferred or what is the outlook there, when 
can we expect real sales coming there? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, broadly, to answer that it is difficult to specify which route you prefer. Just to clarify, we are 
not talking about Nippon Life investing in India. What we are highlighting is Nippon Life 
helping us to get flows from other investors across the globe and Nippon Life other companies 
associates, example like we have launched with the company in Europe, we have launched India 
Bond fund. We have a couple of funds in Japan, so some are advisory, some are coming, all 
funds or institutions are different and then they are taking a different route to come to India. 
Again, I would like to clarify so that it is not misunderstood, nowhere in the discussion we have 
mentioned Nippon Life will be investing, it is Nippon Life helping NAM India to get a global 
distribution strategy to get flows from different companies where we have invested or where we 
have any strong relationship. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jain from ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Jain: 
Just a follow up on the previous question around systematic flows, when we say it is equally 
spread, do we mean it is equally spread across the 5 schemes of large, mid, small, multi cap, 
flexi cap is one? And second, given it is a 38% quarter-on-quarter growth on systematic flows, 
is there an element of small cap, lump sum having moved, and this number expected to see a dip 
eventually if people decide to stop small cap, etc., and also if you can help us understand the SIP 
STP split here, sir? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, while we cannot give data on individual funds, these top 5 funds are getting 80% of the sale. 
We will not try to get into the individual category which is coming or not and as you have seen 
our business model whether it is at the investor, whether it is a fund level, it is a devious business 
model where we do not want any city, any distributor, any particular fund to get disproportionate 
shares. So, broadly we can say, as I mentioned top 5 funds get 80% of assets. 
Arun Sundaresan: 
And Gaurav, small cap stopped in July, but despite that this quarter overall systematic flows 
have been strong, which we have noted that is number one. Second, apart from small cap, the 
other strategies like mid cap, large cap, multi cap, some of the hybrids are also getting flows. 
Yes, historically small cap has been the larger contributor, but over a period it is spreading across 
other funds as well. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Saurabh Patwa from Quest Investment Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
On industry linked question, the last few quarters have seen the larger bank led you are the only 
one who has been doing exceptionally well in terms of performance and with the merger of one 
of your peers with parent bank, which was not the case historically, how do you see the 
competitive intensity moving on? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, broadly the way we see it, we have never been sponsored by a bank and we have always 
believed it is all about execution. It is a reality we are not sponsored by other banks, but that is 
also a positive for us. We have an open architecture with all the banks in the country. So, all the 
banks sell us, we have a very granular IFA network. The Indian Mutual Fund is very highly 
underpenetrated while we have about now roughly about 50 players, there could be scope for 
another 50 or 100 and ultimately, it is not about whether you have sponsored or you are part of 
the bank, because there have also been some bank led as per our AMCs which could not scale 
up. The key lies in the execution and our focus will continue to be on execution and execution 
for profitable growth. 
Saurabh Patwa: 
And sir, second question was on the Passive, we have been the leader in that due to liquidity, but 
how are you seeing the other AMCs coming into that and it is like more differentiated or with a 
broader universe, how do you see that panning out? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
Saurabh, the execution is the key. As and when regulations allow, we will also continue 
expanding our product suite in the ETF. The only difference I would like to give you is just 
seeing the global trend unlike active wherein you always have a lot of segmented players. 
Globally, if you look at the passive business, typically the top 2-3 have a substantial market 
share and then there is a very long tail. So, we need to see how it works out, but like any business, 
it is going to be the execution and the key is to keep responding to the needs of the investors and 
as and when differentiated products are allowed by the regulator, we will also continuously be 
focusing on it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bharat Sheth from Quest Investment Advisors 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Bharat Sheth: 
Sir, in earlier question, when replying on the declining yield, so you said that is it fair 
understanding that increase in AUM because of new net inflow as well as increase due to the 
market related activity also? 
Prateek Jain: 
Yes, both. You are right, absolutely. 
Bharat Sheth: 
So, in that slab, so at what slab we are, I mean when we are saying that pressure will remain for 
4-5 years, so which slab we are, if you can give, suppose our inflow increased substantially, then 
decrease in the yield will be much faster? 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Prateek Jain: 
No if you look at it that every Rs. 1,000 crore of AUM increase, you lose 1 basis point and till 
the time your scheme reaches Rs. 1,00,000 crores, you will keep losing it out. And, it works on 
your total book. So, your book is at X and then it suddenly becomes X+1000, you will lose out 
on 1 and that impact will be on the entire value, entire basket. So, that is one. So, secondly, if 
this keeps going up, the reason for going up could be either your net sales or due to market 
appreciation. Both these combinations will lead to higher increase AUM and because of the 
increased AUM, you will have lower chargeable TER and because of the lower chargeable TER, 
you will be earning less. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Arushi Shah from Sushil Finance. Please go ahead. 
Arushi Shah: 
So, I just wanted some clarity, when you said that the hybrid funds are now going to gain more 
traction, so the hybrid fund yields are more like the active fund yields or more on the ETF side 
like and going further, how could the yield for the hybrid fund shape up? 
Prateek Jain: 
When we say this, so one I am saying in the context of Jignesh’s question on a macro basis 
because the tax break has been taken away on the debt side of it and therefore, we will see more 
money coming over the period on the hybrid side. As far as the hybrids are concerned, those we 
earn on an equity slab, so those are considered anything which is having more than 65% equity 
or earning on an equity slab basis. 
Moderator: 
We have lost the line of the current questioner, so we will move to our last question of the day 
from the line of Anthony John, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Anthony John: 
Sir, I would like to know is that towards the end of your statement, you have said some strategic 
sale could be there in the offing, in the future, could you just explain on that? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
What I mentioned was that we continue to remain open for strategic opportunities, wherever it 
adds value to our existing businesses and is accretive from profitability point of view. It is again 
clarified nothing to do with sales, it is about acquisition. 
Anthony John: 
So, which means you would be looking into acquisition of some AMCs? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
I would not like to qualify that, we remain open for any acquisition which adds value, whether 
it is on the business, AMC, mutual fund, or any other part of the business that the regulation 
allows, which can increase the ROE for the business. 
Anthony John: 
So, is there any timeline for that, sir? 
Sundeep Sikka: 
We keep evaluating various opportunities. As and when we have something, we will be coming 
to and informing through this Stock Exchange. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this was the last question of the day. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 

 
Nippon Life India Asset Management Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Sundeep Sikka: 
So, thank you all for joining this call. We call it an end to this conference. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
