V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LTD.  
P  +91 484 300 5000, 200 5000 
Regd. Office: 42/962,  
 
E  mail@vguard.in 
  
Vennala High School Road,  
 
W www.vguard.in 
 
 
Vennala, Kochi – 682 028.  
 
 
     
CIN: L31200KL1996PLC010010 
November 08, 2023 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001  
The Manager,  
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra-East,  
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 532953 
Symbol: VGUARD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call pertaining to the Financial Results for the quarter and half year 
ended September 30, 2023. 
This is with reference to the inƟmaƟon dated October 23, 2023, ﬁled with the stock exchanges 
in terms of regulaƟon 30 of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 
RegulaƟons, 2015, regarding the earnings call to discuss the ﬁnancial results for the quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2023, scheduled on November 01, 2023. The audio recording was 
ﬁled with the stock exchange. We are enclosing the transcript of the Earnings call. The same is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
htps://www.vguard.in/uploads/investor_relaƟons/V-Guard-Industries-Q2-Transcript.pdf 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Sincerely, 
For V-Guard Industries Limited 
 
 
Vikas Kumar Tak 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. FCS 6618 
 
Encl: As above 
VIKAS 
KUMAR 
TAK
Digitally signed by 
VIKAS KUMAR TAK 
Date: 2023.11.08 
17:20:56 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“V-Guard Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES  
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. MITHUN K CHITTILAPPILLY – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR - V-GUARD INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMACHANDRAN V – DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
OPERATING OFFICER – V-GUARD INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUDARSHAN KASTURI – SENIOR VP & CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
– 
V-GUARD 
INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to V-Guard Industries Limited (“V-Guard”)  Q2 
FY2024 earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that the conference is 
being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi, thank you and over to 
you. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Thanks Akshay. On behalf of ICICI Securities we welcome you all to Q2 FY2024 results 
conference call of V-Guard. We have with us senior management represented Mr. Mithun K 
Chittilappilly, Managing Director; Mr. Ramachandran V, Director and Chief Operating Officer; 
and Mr. Sudarshan Kasturi, Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer. Now, I hand over the call to 
the management for the initial comments on the quarterly performance and then we will open the 
floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: Thank you, Aniruddha and ICICI Securities for hosting this call. A very warm welcome to 
everyone present on today’s call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss the operating and 
financial performance of our Company for the second quarter and first half of financial year 
2023-24. I trust all of you have had a chance to refer to our investor presentation which was 
shared yesterday. 
 
The second quarter witnessed subdued consumer demand especially in the discretionary 
categories like consumer durables thereby impacting topline growth. We have reported a 
consolidated Net revenues of Rs. 1,134 crore in Q2, it is higher by almost 15% on a YoY basis. 
Excluding the revenues from Sunflame, like-for-like comparison, revenue growth is 8.7% YoY. 
 
In Q2, the South market grew by 6.7% YoY while the Non-South markets grew by 11.3% YoY. 
As Non-South markets continue to grow in double digits, their contribution to revenues has 
increased to 43.8%, indicating the enhanced scale for V-Guard across all regions of the country. 
 
In our Electronics segment, comprising of Stabilizers and Inverters, we reported revenue growth 
of 12.1% YoY. In the Electricals segment, which remains our largest revenue contributor 
comprising Wires, Pumps, Switchgears and Switches, we registered growth of 9.6% YoY in 
Q2FY24.  
 
In the Consumer Durables segment, where we market Fans, Water Heaters, Kitchen Appliances 
and Air Coolers, the growth has slowed to 5.1% YoY. The effect of sluggish consumer demand 
and tepid weather conditions has impacted topline growth particularly in the Consumer Durable 
segment.  
 
We have reported an improvement in the gross margin to 33.8% in this quarter from 29.3% in Q2 
last year, an increase of 450 basis points YoY.  Further, the gross margin is also higher by 130 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
basis points compared to 32.5% which we reported in first quarter. Softening of commodity 
prices is reflecting in the gross margin and we are now moving closer towards the pre-covid 
levels. We believe we can further drive a further 100 basis points improvement to reach the pre-
COVID level’s gross margin. 
 
EBITDA excluding other income was Rs. 93 crore in Q2, an increase of 26.5% YoY. In Q2 we 
have recognised a fair valuation gain of Rs. 10 crore on the Gegadyne investment. Gegadyne is 
making good progress towards meeting technical and commercial milestones. The V-Guard’s 
Board has also approved a further investment of Rs. 20 crore in Gegadyne in order to fund 
scaling up of the pilot plant, product specification improvement and preparatory work required 
for series B funding. 
 
Excluding other income, EBITDA margin is 8.2% is 80 basis points higher compared to the 
margin of 7.4% of Q2 of last year. Profit after tax in Q2FY24 was Rs. 59 crore compared with 
PAT of Rs. 43.7 crore in Q2 of last year, an increase of 35% on a YoY basis.  
 
Cash flows have remained strong. Cash from operating activities are at about Rs. 300 Crores 
during the first six months and it has helped us to fund CAPEX and capacity expansion. We have 
also fully repaid the working capital borrowing of Rs. 100 Crores that existed at the beginning of 
the year. 
 
In V-Guard Consumer Products Limited (“VCPL”), our wholly owned manufacturing subsidiary, 
we are progressing well as the manufacturing units are coming up as scheduled. The first plant at 
Pant Nagar has reached its planned output. The battery and kitchen products unit will be 
commissioned in Q3 and will be scaled up in Q4.  
 
In the case of Sunflame Enterprises Private Limited (“Sunflame”), there is a decline in topline 
growth although the margins are healthy. The entire kitchen appliances industry at large is 
currently witnessing sluggish demand. There are also some internal gaps that we have identified 
and have undertaken actions to arrest the decline. We are also working on initiatives to start 
realising the synergies between both V-Guard and Sunflame.  
 
Consumer response for our recent launches, like fans and mixer-grinders, has been positive and 
starting with the upcoming festive season, we expect a strong topline growth in the second half of 
the year.  
 
With that, I conclude my opening comments. I would like to thank Aniruddha and his team at 
ICICI Securities for hosting this call. I would like to now request the moderator to open the floor 
for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Natasha Jain: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen. My first question is on the electrical side - so our product category 
consists of wires, switches, and switch gears and all these are ancillaries to real estate which is 
doing well. What could be the reason for us to not post a stronger double-digit kind of growth 
here, compared to all our peers so first question is that. In the same segment can you also throw 
some light as to how the pumps segment is like; are we beginning to see some strength building 
there or is the market still stressed? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: Okay so regarding electricals V-Guard sells lot of its product on B2C basis - which means we 
sell through distributors to our retailers, which then goes into individual housing or small 
projects. V-Guard's presence in very large projects is limited but apart from that most of our 
peers have also mentioned that demand for house wiring cables has been muted for last quarter so 
what we have come to know is that even in B2B segment, in house wiring cables. The demand 
has been muted. The only segment that is doing well is the large infrastructure projects run by 
central and state governments which are using industrial and underground cables that is the only 
segment that seems to be doing well within the cable and where V-Guard does not have any 
presence.  
 
Regarding pumps, yes, so we have now completed almost three-to-four quarters of decline and I 
think in last quarter onwards we have started to see an increase in sales. However, it is not 
enough. The largest contributor in electrical is wires so with the wires sales not growing very fast 
the entire electrical segment growth has come down to something like 9-10%. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood Sir, that is helpful. Sir, my second question is on the consumer durables portfolio so 
our channel checks indicate a slowdown for fans demand and also a possible price cut. Did we at 
V-Guard experience something similar for fans? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: See we have not cut any prices but I think there were unusual rains in the North and some 
companies, I think even us, we were forced to offer some discounts in those parts, the northern 
region, because North was completely washed out. This has also meant that in fans and water 
heaters especially the price increases that were required to be taken for offsetting the raw material 
prices increase has not been fully taken. We hope in the next 6 months some of that will get 
corrected as we enter the season for water heaters and as we will be entering season for fans in 
March. 
Natasha Jain: 
And Sir how is air coolers? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: I think for us coolers have done well but still coolers on annualized run rate will be close to Rs. 
90-100 odd Crores so it is not enough to really pull up the entire consumer durable basket. The 
larger products like water heaters and fans contribute most. This quarter especially we have seen 
softening of demand for water heaters which is better last year and that has pulled down the 
overall performance. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood Sir. Thank you I have more questions but I will get back in the queue. 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Hi good evening thanks for the opportunity, so first question on ECD margins where do you see 
this number by March 2024? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: So I think we used to be something around 5-6% EBIT margins for ECD and I think we have 
indicated that we would like to increase our margins by at least one percentage and most of that 
increase would come at least 2-3% of that should come from consumer durable segment. So, we 
are hopeful that starting with water heater’s season. I think we are also a little unfortunate in the 
sense we are sitting still with some old inventory of water heaters which were produced last 
season. I think once that starts getting offloaded we are hopeful of the increase, but we have to 
also understand the demand is extremely sluggish. So, market leaders, major market brands are 
refusing to take timely price increases or like someone mentioned earlier, some of them are 
resorting to price discounts which will mean that it is going to be difficult for us to recover these 
margins, it will get delayed.  
 
Apart from water heaters, in fans we are seeing some traction so we have some new launches that 
is gaining good traction and they are also on the premium side so we are hopeful that in fans at 
least we should see a better performance this year. For water heaters we have to wait and see as 
the season is yet to start. We are hoping that the winter does kick in soon and that should drive 
the demand for water heater. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it, secondly on Sunflame - given how the first half has been would you still think that Rs. 
330- 350 Crores of top line with 11-12% operating margin is possible for the full year? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: So I think we have to also see Sunflame in relation with the performance of the entire kitchen 
industry. As you would have noticed few of the players have already announced results. The 
larger players are talking about 15 to 16% YoY revenue decline. Sunflame’s decline has been 
slightly higher because, like we mentioned in the opening remarks, there were some product gaps 
and there were some issues in terms of after sales which have all got resolved.  
 
The new team has settled down well. They came on board only in April and May so they needed 
3-4 months to take over the management of Sunflame. I think H2 we should post much better 
numbers, but we have to also keep in mind that the entire kitchen industry is degrowing, sharply.  
So, our hope is that in relation with the industry we should do better.  
 
I do not think we will be able to post full year increase in sales but I think in H2 we are hoping to 
at least look at the numbers we did last year, so at least arrest the decline. We will wait and see. I 
think let us see how the demand goes because we have to also keep in mind that post Diwali, the 
sales have been very muted for kitchen appliances in last year. So, the base is also low for 
Sunflame for last year in H2. 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it and lastly on Gegadyne just your 11% equity valuation I think is bit not clear – what is it 
right now, how will Gegadyne benefit from this investment apart from the monetary upside on 
the financial side of it and what is the business goal here? 
Ramachandran V.: 
I heard the question Mithun, I will answer. I think there were two parts to the question one was 
you were trying to understand the source of gain. So, fundamentally what has happened is, there 
was a valuation on the basis of which we had invested into Gegadyne. Two years had passed, so 
the accountants, annually they look at these investments and they mark-to-market, so they felt 
that the technology development agenda has progressed further. With the pilot plant the 
technology has also been commercialized at a pilot plant scale what was otherwise very basic and 
getting done at a lab scale. So, I think they wanted to reflect the improved valuation consequent 
to the progress on technology development and technology commercialization. We have got the 
valuation done of the entity and we are just reflecting the incremental valuation and accounting it 
has gained. It is notional so it is remaining on the books and will be the case soon, so it is 
basically an accounting requirement.  
 
Coming to the second part on how V-Guard will gain from Gegadyne. Gegadyne is not a 
financial investment for V-Guard, it is a strategic investment for V-Guard. With that investment 
we are making investment in what I would say in the deep tech space which has high risk also. I 
mean not every initiative in that space succeeds and we must keep that in mind. But 
fundamentally we believe that this technology is the best fit for our application in inverter and 
battery and which is the reason why we have decided to to back this technology development. 
We believe that in the next 18 to 24 months they should be able to move from pilot scale to 
manufacturing. Once the manufacturing activity commences I think V-Guard should be able to 
place these products in the market as a V-Guard offering. That should be able to drive our 
revenues and maybe in time profitability, once the initial investment towards building this 
concept in the market is through. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
What is the value of Gegadyne today? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
The valuation is now at Rs. 293 Crores. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay Sir. Okay thank you. I will come back in the queue to understand further. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Good evening, gentlemen. My first question is on the electrical segment – if you could just help 
us understand what percentage of the segment is wires and what was the YoY growth in the 
wires segment in the quarter or the first half? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: See we do not give out these figures so we will discuss this offline, but wires is very large part of 
electrical. I mean wires is the largest constituent of that sub-category. 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So actually the question because you mentioned pumps has been de growing and in that. 
Ramachandran V.: 
If I may answer that. I think the wire growth is bringing down the electrical growth. The pump 
growth is moderate and not recovered to long-term growth levels. Typically pump we would 
grow between 8 to 12% and I think it is much below that. However we have not degrown for the 
first half. So the other categories have posted strong growth and cable growth has been lower 
than the electrical category growth. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Because I was little surprised because the KEI results today which they list out the wires' 
segment that that segment grew like 22%. So I was a little disappointed looking at single digit 
number. Is it something that the competition has got aggressively into class five and which V-
Guard is not in and given the quality standards that you have and that is hampering the growth? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: No I think it is a question of choice. Many years back V-Guard made a choice to be in the B2C 
space so we exited whatever we used to have businesses that was supplying UK system to bank 
ATMs which we shut down. We had businesses that were supplying large underground cables to 
big EPC contractors which we shut down. These were all conscious choices that were taken from 
2009 to 2016-2017 and for many years EPC business in India struggled but now there seems to a 
cycle. So we believe it is a cycle so maybe there is a infrastructure boom that is happening in the 
country, probably also it is going to happen before the election and they want to show case some 
growth, some investments in the country before the election.  
 
So, all these things will happen but I think in the long term still the consumer business will do 
well. Many players like KEI and Polycab are heavily indexed towards projects business whereas 
brands like us are more into the retail part of the business. But even in house wiring cables, many 
of our larger peers have indicated that there has been slow growth. So, I do not think it is a V-
Guard only issue. KEI I am not sure. I mean again it is a projects company, it is there in retail, 
but it is more of a projects’ company. But I can tell you that the retail consumer, B2C part of 
wires’ business has been slow. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
The second thing that I want to understand the margins on the consumer durable segment which 
has been negative in most quarters even in this quarter. Prior quarters, you highlighted that the 
newly commissioned fans facility which was underutilized and it was ramping up and then there 
were issues related to the TPW fans which were imported and you had to pivot to the local and 
had some cost issues. So if you could just help us understand the negative margins in the 
consumer durable segment and the efforts taken by the management to kind of turn these around 
and when could we see the 5-7% margin bracket as you alluded to earlier? 
Ramachandran V.: 
So I think we need to look at it in two parts, one is gross margin and one is EBITDA. I think 
EBITDA is fundamentally, I think the consumer durable growth has been weaker first half of this 
year compared to the kind of growth rates that we have been enjoying last two years and 
compared to what we had planned. So I think some amount of stress is coming because of that 
because the growth has not been adequate to cover the investments that we have been making to 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
scale up this business. That is one part of it. I think the other part of it is fundamentally related to 
the margin recovery. I think while margins on electricals and margins on the electronics have by 
and large recovered - gross margin, and we have an intervention in terms of manufacturing 
facility coming up for battery and we had commenced factory for inverter and stabilizer, which I 
think some more benefits we expect in the next 6 months to one year. So the margin recovery 
journey on electronics and electricals is by and large complete right. However, I think because of 
the slowness in the market actually the market has been slow from I think September, October of 
last year. I think it was more strongly seen in the fan category and kitchen and lately it has also 
been seen in water heaters, fundamentally because part of it seasonal. Also because I think the 
summers have extended in East and South, so this year the water heater season is slower to come 
by. These factors are affecting the top line growth and that is kind of affecting the conversion of 
gross margin to EBITDA.  
 
Second thing is the pricing transmission. Because of the slowness in the market there is a lot of 
competition, so the pricing transmission has also been impacted. Although our gross margins 
have improved in this category, from last year, if you look at a half-year basis we have improved 
our gross margin by about two odd percent and probably the exit gross margin maybe even 2.5% 
and 3% higher, but I think there is another 3-4% of recovery which has to happen. We have some 
interventions in this area - we have product launches in fans and I that should change the product 
mix and support the margin improvement even if the growth is tapered.  
 
Thankfully for us fan growth has been all right. Fan growth has been all right and even air cooler 
growth has been all right. So, in kitchen again we are setting up a factory, which will help our 
competitiveness and help us to recover our gross margins in this area. Water heaters and fans are 
the two categories where we are expecting that it will take some more time. Hopefully in the next 
3 to 9 months I think fan should come back, water heater should partly come back towards this 
upcoming quarter and I think some recovery will happen only next year again when the season 
starts – because of the lower uptick in water heaters; the inventories are stretching later into the 
season and that is affecting our ability to benefit from the easing commodity environment. Also 
because of slower growth, the pricing transmission is also getting impacted. 
 
There are no fundamental issues here that come to my mind. Some of the categories will roll 
over. I think a bit of challenge on water heater synergy, the commodity transition happens for us 
that part of it is bit of a problem for us compared to the market; but I think to the extent that 
growth is slower in water heater. So there is some pricing pressure also which can develop. 
Keeping all that in mind I would say that it will take slightly longer for water heater to fully 
recover to pre-COVID levels but you will see some recovery further in the upcoming quarter. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Last question from my side if you take out the Sunflame acquisition, while the growth is high 
single digit 9% thereabouts but the employee cost increase is closer to the 20% mark so could 
you just help us understand this? 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
There are some swings in employee cost when you compare with last year. It basically comes 
from one, variable pay provision and second, the addition of some of the subsidiaries. Last year 
we had reversed the variable pay provision because at the end of H1 it was clear that a payout is 
not going to happen. This year we have provided in full so there is about a Rs. 20 Crores swing in 
that alone. 
Ramachandran V.: 
The under lying payroll increase is about 15-16%. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: About 15 to 16% is the like-to-like increase if you remove all the things. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Okay so this looks like much higher than the underlying growth in the industry and so is it that 
are we seeing growth in the other sectors and had pressure on them? 
Ramachandran V.: 
You also need to see this together with our transition from what I would say sourcing to 
manufacturing right. If you look at it last year we had one new factory come up which was in 
Pantnagar which was stabilizer and inverter. We have the battery plant and the kitchen plant 
which is likely to come by end of December. I think staffing cost related to that are also sitting 
there. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
If you take out Sunflame also, Simon Electric Private Limited addition itself has brought in like 
120 odd head count plus establishing VCPL and manufacturing unit. So there are some hefty 
increases which takes the pay roll increase to about 15 to 16%. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Understand it is just a lag impact. 
Ramachandran V.: 
I think also what needs to happen is that our gross margin improvement has to be more because 
when we were sourcing, the gross margin was including the manufacturing cost, right, but here 
that is being accounted below. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Thank you so much for taking up my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies India. Please 
go ahead. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir thank you for the opportunity. So my question is an extension to Bhavin’s earlier question. 
We have seen about 450 bps rise in the gross margin and just about 70 to 80 bps rise in the 
EBITDA margin. Of course one of that you explained as employee cost but there has been a 
sharp rise in the other expenses as well wherein we maintain that we have retained our promotion 
spend about 2.2% of sales. So could you please throw more colour as to where we are seeing this 
increase and how sustainable is this going from? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: I think apart from employee cost and A&P. Of course A&P has not gone up significantly. The 
other thing that has gone up much more than last year was travel cost. So, the frequency of 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
traveling and all that has increased much more because there is no restriction on travel as such so 
sales team traveling that also includes local and outstation travel that has significantly gone up 
and also some of it is due to the increases in hotel prices and all that which we have been reading 
about in the paper. There has been a rebound in tourism. So, some places the hotel prices have 
gone up significantly so all these things are adding to the other expenditure.  
 
One major item in other expenditure is, what Ram mentioned, outsourced manpower cost – bulk 
of it is sitting in the factory, they come in other expenditure. Like Ram said the increase in gross 
margin had to be more than this to offset that. Some of the increases are due to reduction in 
commodity prices but some of the increases in V-Guard is also because of a change from 
outsourcing to in sourcing and once these factories gain scale we will have further increases in 
gross margin. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
 The other expenses line has elements relating to factory and during this transition when we are 
moving from outsourcing to in house the base year and the current year are not really comparable 
just wait for another two, three quarters then the base also becomes on the same basis. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir what percentage of our manufacturing is in house this quarter versus same quarter last year? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Currently it is about 65%. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: There is 65%, last year would have been. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
7-8% less. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: About 8% less. 
Ramachandran V.: 
But also Mithun what happens it is not a matter of sales percentage. Like the factories which are 
coming up, the manpower there, because they are all going to get the commissioned in 
November, right, people would have been hired before, trained and all those things. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Sonali if you see the movement also it is not really that significant. You look at first half other 
expenses has gone from Rs. 293 crore to Rs. 370 crore, Rs. 293 crore did not include Sunflame. 
Sunflame is Rs. 23 crore, so 293 plus 23 is 316, so Rs. 316 crore has become Rs. 370 crore. It is 
not really a huge movement. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand Sir. Sir my second question is about the festive demand with Navratri behind us what 
kind of a consumer sentiment did you see especially in your appliances portfolio during the 
festive season? What are the indications you are getting for the upcoming Diwali season? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: So see like Ram said in fans we are getting traction also because we have some new launches that 
are doing well. We have recently launched a new range of fans that is getting good traction. 
Water heaters like I said more than Diwali, that season is yet to start, Although because of ‘big 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
billion days’ and those kind of pre-Diwali sales, e-commerce seems to be some sales to be 
happening but general trade sales have not really started. So we will wait and see how it plays 
out. Typically for us, once we complete the full month of Diwali, only then we can comment but 
we can say that in water heaters we are still seeing some stress but the others are largely doing 
okay. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand Sir and Sir my last question any significant pricing action if you have taken during 
Q2 or any planned pricing actions in Q3 either way upwards or downward? 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: See there is hardly any pricing actions. At the best, almost entirely it is volume growth, whatever 
sales growth you are seeing is volume growth. There is no pricing increase happening. Like I said 
there is still pricing gaps existing in fans, especially ceiling fans and electric water heaters and 
that we are hoping to take in the next 6-9 months’ time. Ceiling fans we believe that the industry 
has still not fully passed on everything primarily because there was also a major shift from the 
traditional fans to BLDC fans. So the older models are not finding takers and that is also one of 
the reasons why some companies have not fully passed it on. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Sir how much of your fans portfolio is premium and how do you define the premium price point? 
Ramachandran V.: 
I think I would say now about 40-45% would be premium products and that would be like closer 
to Rs. 3,000 plus kind of price contraction. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Understand Sir. Thank you very much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sir, we have a fans facility at Roorkee I guess under a separate subsidiary with a lower tax rate, 
effective tax rate. But we are still not seeing any reduction in the consolidated tax rate so how 
should we see the overall profitability happening at the new plant? Any tax rate guidance that 
you would like to give? That is question one. Secondly, I guess three to four quarters ago I guess 
we had introduced water purifiers through the e-commerce channel, so any update on that and 
regarding the general trade launch any update on that? 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
Roorkee plant is under V-Guard so that will not impact the ETR. The plants which are coming up 
under the new subsidiary, the only one which has reached scale as of now is Pantnagar. So for the 
effect to be seen we just need to wait for a few other plant also to come up. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: So the new manufacturing entity, the only plant that is running today is the Pantnagar plant. That 
is giving us some tax benefit but it is still small in relation with the overall tax outgo of V-Guard. 
We will start to see, maybe end of next year, some reduction in ETRs because as the new 
manufacturing entity will be under about 17% tax vis-à-vis 25% for the company. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
And regarding water purifiers? 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Ramachandran V.: 
Water purifiers are doing well. One of the reasons that we decided to limit to e-commerce is ease 
of development of offering and we had very good success with the offerings that we have 
brought to the market and the e-commerce is doing well. It is today the second largest category 
after water heaters and even ahead of stabilizers and that is the good part. We will get to mature 
the product portfolio so that we address consumer needs and we are confident that these products 
will have constant run. We have a good installed base to get good feedback. I think post that we 
will get it into general trade. Even there, our focus will be on organized retail because it is easier 
to reach and better to manage because you being a late entrant in the category, educating the 
consumers about V-Guard and the benefits of our products will be key for us to break into the 
market. At this stage we will remain at least for another year on e-com before we plan to market 
but it is going on course and we are quite satisfied with the kind of traction that we are getting. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Okay Sure. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes, thanks for the followup. The question essentially is on the working capital cycle, the 68 days 
we have done is quite a bit of an improvement over the last three quarters should we stabilize 
here or there is more to improve here. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
It will be more or less around this some incremental opportunities may be there but it is largely in 
the right place. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Okay and secondly on Gegadyne, so obviously it is a strategic investment and there is some 
business to be done on the inventor battery side of V-Guard. But are we looking for an exit from 
this company let us say three years down the line where there is a larger fund raise which will 
happen eventually to get the product to the market. 
Sudarshan Kasturi: 
See we are there as a strategic investor so that means we are interested in that product getting 
developed and how we can deploy it in our business. When series B investor comes in the ticket 
size will be much larger so we will hold a small stake. At this point we have not decided whether 
we will exit or sell. We are interested in the product capability. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: See V-Guard is not in the business of private equity so our current focus is on making sure that 
this idea moves from lab to pilot plant and from pilot plant to the mother plant, that is the next 
stage and we are working very closely. We have a couple of people from V-Guard who are 
working very closely with Gegadyne on that and we will see. I think we cannot comment on what 
we will do after 3 years and 5 years. We will see at that point of time but I mean like I said we 
have not bought into this company to sell out so to speak. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
That explains. Thank you so much and have a good Diwali, thank you. 

 
 
 
          V-Guard Industries Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now like to hand a conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Mithun K Chittilappilly: We would like to thank Aniruddha and ICICI Securities for hosting this call. Thank you all for 
listening and have a Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes the conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
The transcript has been edited for clarity and it may contain transcription errors. Although an effort has 
been made to ensure high level of accuracy, the Company takes no responsibility of such errors. 
 
