Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MOTHERSON 
Scrip Code : 517334 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of Investor Call      
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam(s) 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated November 9, 2023 informing about the audio recording of 
conference call with Investors on the unaudited financial results for the half year and quarter ended 
on September 30, 2023.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of aforesaid conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L34300MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed 
by ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2023.11.16 
12:26:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
(Formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
Q2 FY24 Results Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani, 
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain, 
COO, Vision Systems Business Division

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator:  
 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Results Conference 
Call of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited. 
This conference call may contain certain forward-looking statements about the 
company, which are based on the company's beliefs, opinions and expectations as of 
the date of this call. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen-only mode, and you will have an 
opportunity to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C Sehgal. Thank you, and over to you, sir.  
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the 
results conference call of SAMIL. First of all, a very Happy Diwali to all of you and your 
family. I'm pleased to announce that the board has approved the results for Quarter 2. 
Motherson has delivered a consistent performance against a backdrop of global 
uncertainties. We have posted the highest-ever quarterly revenues.  
All the divisions have shown good double-digit growth. The customer continues to trust 
Motherson, with the highest ever booked business of US 77.3 billion U.S dollars. The 
environment is also offering us a lot of opportunities. We have announced 15 
acquisitions since September 2022, and the team continues to explore more. This  is 
definitely a work-in-progress quarter, and I have with me Vaaman, Pankaj, Kunal and 
Rajat to provide further business insights and clarify all your questions. I hand it over to 
Vaaman.  
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thanks, Papa. Good evening, everyone. So, as Papa was saying, SAMIL has delivered 
the highest ever quarterly revenues of 23,500 crores, which is about 28% growth year-
on-year and an absolute EBITDA of about 2,000 crores, which is 34% growth year-on-
year. All the business divisions have performed well and were further supported by four 
acquisitions coming on stream in this quarter.  
These were SAS, the mirror business of Ichikoh, Saddles and Rollon. Our ROCE on 
business, excluding the Greenfields and the M&A that were done in the current five-
year plan has improved from 12.6% in FY23 to now 16.0% in H1 FY24.  
As we speak, we have a solid booked business of more than $77 billion U.S. dollars, 
which is up from 69 billion as reported in March 2023. All of this we have been able to 
achieve all of this in a challenging business environment where wage inflation across 
key geographies, rising interest rates, and geopolitical uncertainties continue to mount 
pressure.  

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Thankfully, there is slight respite from energy and commodities stabilising, although 
these are at higher levels than pre-COVID. The automotive production developed 
markets were impacted by the annual summer shutdowns, disruption in the supply 
chain for key European OEMs and labour strikes in North America.  
At a global level, production remains stable at 22 million due to significant growth 
coming from emerging markets, specifically India, and now India and China comprise 
about 40% of global LV volumes.  
With the ever-changing and unpredictable external factors evolving industry dynamics, 
we have taken several measures and initiatives to remain agile and breathe with the 
market. A few I would like to highlight. We continue to remain in constructive discussions 
with our customers as sharing of inflationary cost structures will remain a recurring 
feature in the short-to-medium term.  
At the customers’ behest of acquisitions, we have added 22 facilities in Europe and 
7,000 associates with the recently closed M&A. Given this footprint expansion, we have 
also announced a phased reconfiguration in a few countries in Europe. This is done to 
streamline our operations, improve efficiencies, and deliver more synergies. The current 
quarter's results include a one-time cost provision of about 250 crores INR, which would 
enable us to be competitive on a sustainable basis and capture future growth from our 
reorganised footprint. 
In emerging markets, specifically in India, there has been a spurt of growth opportunities 
for both auto and non-automotive businesses. India is among the fastest-growing 
economies, and as you are already aware, most of the OEMs are now building new 
capacities to support this growth. We're also investing 1,500 crores of CAPEX in India 
to set up ten new Greenfields, a few of them which will come online this year and the 
remaining in the subsequent fiscal year. This includes capacities for both automotive 
and non-automotive businesses.  
Therefore, we are revising our full-year CAPEX guidance to about 4,500 crores plus / 
minus 5%. This is done to support the growth that is coming out of emerging markets, 
and CAPEX outlays for the acquired assets, which were not part of the earlier guidance. 
Our net debt has increased by 5,000 crores, but this is mainly driven by the payouts for 
the acquisitions of nearly 3,800 crores, which were closed during the quarter and the 
higher CAPEX that we are going to put in to capture these growth opportunities. 
Consequently, the leverage ratio has also increased to 1.9 times EBITDA. please note 
this is a temporary increase and well within our stated policy of 2.5 X. As you can 
imagine, to capture these growth opportunities, we definitely do have to invest in 
CAPEX. I'm pleased to inform you that we have announced 15 acquisitions since 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
September 2022, which have a combined pro forma revenue of about $6.4 billion U.S 
in gross revenues and about $2.6 billion in net revenues.  
Integration of closed transactions is progressing well and is completely on track. 
I would like to thank our customers for their continued support and trust in Motherson, 
and with this, I would like to conclude and open the floor to questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
our first question from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Sir, my first question on the standalone side is that raw material cost as a percentage 
of sales is higher than the last three quarters, and even the employee cost is higher. 
What has led to this cost increase, is there any one-off, and would you expect the RM 
cost to sale to normalise ahead? 
Kunal Malani: 
If you're referring to employee cost. Employee cost is a function of the nature of the 
business that we are in. If you look at it as a percentage, employee cost has actually 
decreased on a quarter-on-quarter basis it was 11.4% as I see for the three-month 
period June ’23, and it is 11% for the three-month period September ‘23.  
The absolute value would obviously go up because we have done more business. The 
top line has gone accordingly in that line. If you're referring to the cost of material, it's a 
mix of businesses, as you know in standalone that we do, and it's dependent on how 
the commodity prices are, etcetera, etcetera. 
In this particular quarter, you also had the business that we had acquired, the DICV 
business, which has a metal component to it and then it varies depending upon how 
those commodity prices have played out. At an aggregate level, I think the margins in 
the standalone business has actually improved, and that's showing you the operating 
leverage that's there in the existing business, also showcasing in some way how the 
growth in India is playing out. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Just to understand and sum up so this increase in the raw material cost would be mainly 
because of the DICV metal components effect and would there be any increase in input 
prices as well in this quarter which you think can normalize in the coming quarter? 
Kunal Malani: 
It's a variety of different businesses. There are metal, polymers, wires, and wiring 
harnesses. So, given the variety of mix, it's very difficult to predict how things is going 
to move, and much of this is really a pass-on construct, at least in India. The majority 
of it will have a pass-on element to it with some lead-lag effects. So, we don't really 
worry too much about it. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Standalone When we break it up, there is wiring harness, modules and polymers. When 
I look at the segmental reporting of these emerging businesses, how much of that 
number would be coming from the standalone? 
Kunal Malani: 
We will come back to you. It’s very difficult to really get it. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Secondly, on SMP, profitability has reduced on a QoQ basis. Would it be mainly due to 
lower volumes and higher employee costs? Was there any one-off? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, for SMP, as you know, the majority of the business is in Europe. So, definitely, if 
you're looking at on quarter-on-quarter and not year-on-year, you will see differences 
because this quarter has a lot of holidays in Europe and the shutdowns. So, it's not 
really the right reflection. You should look at it year-on-year. Apart from that, of course, 
there are multiple challenges in the European region you know what's happening in the 
macro economy front. Not only that, but some of the customers are also not hitting the 
volumes that they wanted on the EV front. Luckily for us, we're engine agnostic so 
where we might not be selling as much on the EV side, some of the platforms on the 
non-EV side are getting extended. So, those kinds of challenges are still there, and you 
are seeing quite a bit of macroeconomic pressure still coming up now the winter is 
coming, a lot of things are still to play out over there, but like we mentioned in the in the 
report that talking to the customers and getting those discussions with them on support 
for capacities that were not filled up or for commodity prices, fluctuations that are 
happening. They're ongoing. I think the good part is that look, the confidence is on us; 
they're giving us more and more acquisitions. We're taking on more assets there. So, 
definitely, in times to come, once it stabilises, we'll show a better result, and we are 
working closely with the customers to take support where we are getting hit for no fault 
of ours. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
And the impact of wage increments, would that be already factored in numbers or is 
there any major increase expected in the coming quarter? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
For which are you talking about in general or are you talking more about? 
Raghunandhan NL: 
In general sir? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, most of the wage increases that have already happened have been factored in. 
There could be certain locations where there could be certain events where the 
regulation changes or something like that where we have to change in mid-year, but 
most of them are already you're already seeing the impact of that. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Sir, lastly, on the loss of net monetary position in Argentina, the net effect is 57 crores, 
and this should be one off or is there any more impact expected in Q3 excluding this 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
the interest cost is 360 crore. Would that be a fair number to work with for the coming 
quarters? 
Kunal Malani: 
In Argentina, it's a special situation where the Central bank has disallowed FOREX 
payments for importing material, and hence you have liabilities sitting in dollars and 
euros, which you are unable to remit, and as the currency has devalued, it's created a 
large FOREX loss. The impact is classified it in interest costs because there is 
corresponding cash that is there where we are earning interest.  
So, this is the net monetary position, which is the income you're generating on the cash 
that you're sitting on versus the FOREX loss that you have incurred there, which is the 
130-odd crore number given in August and September; there was a very steep 
depreciation in the Argentinian Peso after this regulation came into play. Where things 
stand, I believe the new government is coming into play in November, the elections will 
happen sometime now, and by December, there will be greater clarity on how the 
monetary position is going to look like going ahead. So, it is difficult to comment on it 
whether it's one of or not, but hopefully, after this depreciation, the impact will be 
significantly less, even if there is any.  
Secondly, on the interest cost, you're right on the 360 that the number may be a little 
bit actually lower because there would be other charges, etc., the upfront payment, etc., 
that is done for all the debt that was raised right now for all the acquisitions. Those 
would have also brought up the interest cost to some extent. So, if it's on a normalised 
basis, this would look more like 300 crores to 320 crores versus the 360 you are 
referring to. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
I have a few questions from my side. One is with respect to they called out for organic 
growth of about 18% at the consol level; any colour which can give on either organic 
EBITDA or organic EBITDA margin for the quarter to have a like-to-like comparison? 
Kunal Malani: 
Sorry, could you repeat the question again? It was not very clear. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
In the presentation, we have called out for organic growth of 18% at the revenue level. 
Similarly, can you talk about what organic EBITDA or EBITDA margin for the quarter? 
Kunal Malani: 
The EBITDA margins for the quarter for the organic business, is that what you're asking 
for? 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Yes.  

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Kunal Malani: 
So, that is, I think it is 8.4% odd if I remember right, the number is there I think it's 180 
crores is what you need to reduce from the 2,000 crores. So, that's the 1,820 number 
for the organic piece, which should be tantamount around about, I think 8.4 if I'm getting 
the math right. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Secondly, we have also called out for restructuring in Europe. So, is the large part of 
the cost already reflected in the second quarter or we expect some more provisioning 
coming in the coming quarter, and what exactly are we doing there? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, that is the majority we're taking it upfront. We've added 22 facilities and 7,000 
people. So, obviously, a lot of those facilities that we have taken over are not running 
at full capacity, as these were some troubled facilities that the customer asked us to 
take over. So, we're looking at merging some of the facilities, really rationalising footprint 
in that context. So, we are really breathing with the market because we are growing 
significantly in that region.  
So, that will again require some reorganisation. These are all that we have already put 
into play. These were all parts of the acquisition when we took that over. So, we're 
taking them all upfront. So, the majority is already there. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Jinesh, I said in the beginning that this is a work-in-progress quarter. So, we would 
close a lot of the acquisitions I can't give immediately magic this thing a bullet which will 
solve the problem, but give us three months to watch what happens next quarter. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And lastly, we have talked about the booked business going up to USD 77 billion at the 
consol level. SMRPBV also shared the number, would it be possible to share the net 
order book number of SMRPBV, which needs to be shared for March 20, which was 
close to euros 20 billion, 19.7 to be precise, what would it be for September 23? 
Kunal Malani: 
Jinesh, we've moved to the book business construct I think it will give a wrong picture. 
The booked business gives you a better reference point to see how the trajectories 
versus the revenue stream that you're seeing on a quarterly or annual basis as the case 
may be. So, request if we live with the booked business contract. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
So, in that context, the delta and book business over a period of time is the gross 
addition, that's the simple way to look at it? 
Kunal Malani: 
You are saying, is this gross revenue? So, look at the order book; the booked business 
moved from 69 billion to 77 billion, which is only automotive on the non-automotive side 
at least on the aerospace side, you would see we've highlighted the fact that after the 
acquisition of AD industries will be 1.3 billion on the aerospace side as well. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
This USD 77 billion is the gross revenues, right not the net revenue as we report in 
P&L? 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Kunal Malani: 
No, this is in relation to the economic revenue that is closer to the net revenue construct 
rather than the gross revenue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Arvind Sharma from Citi. Please 
go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Sir, the first question would be on the broader demand scenario that you are seeing in 
the SMRPBV business; on the organic part, where do you see demand going on from 
here, both for the industry as well as for SMRPBV that was the first question? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
You're seeing a lot of new launches that are coming up in the Europe region, and I 
guess in the globe in general, I mean, SMRPBV is not a global enterprise. So, it's more 
helpful if we talk about the different regions; we've talked about the immense traction 
that we're seeing in the in developing economies; we're seeing a lot of stuff that's 
happening in India. So, the demand is holding very, very strong here.  
Internationally as well, like I said, there are some challenges in EV with some of those 
models. Customers have spoken about that, but whenever that happens, the customer 
comes back, and even more facelifts and new models are launched to capture the 
customer back. Our strategy of 3CX 10, no customer, no country, no component, is 
favouring really well for us because we are not overexposed to EV, and we're that 
engine really agnostic.  
We are seeing growth even though there may be pockets where demand could be 
weaker. Motherson continues to grow because of our diversification strategy. 
Arvind Sharma: 
Just one clarification: somebody asked you previously as well if these 250 crores of 
one-time cost provision is it reflected in the 2Q P & L anywhere. 
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, it's coming as part of the exceptional items. 
Arvind Sharma: 
So, this entire 250 crores is in the second quarter, the one which you report? 
Kunal Malani: 
That’s right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, the first question is on this acquisition what we understand is in the past, this 
company used to do about like 11.5% margins. I understand we are in the process of 
restructuring. So, any colour, how much improvement can we potentially say in a year 
when we are done with this entire restructuring process and the business is happening 
in a normal pace? 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Sir, which acquisition are you talking about we've done 15 since September 22, so 
which one are you talking about? 
Siddhartha Bera: 
This is by SAS, which I had come for two months in the quarter. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, SAS is a running business, and it is a profitable business. So, it is very different to 
some of the other acquisitions that we have made. So, some of the reorganisations are 
more towards the other acquisitions, which were not performing as well and which we 
need to restructure, but SAS is looking more towards growth. We've actually added 
CAPEX and, therefore, growth. There's not much restructuring or one-offs that are that 
are happening over there. There could be a small exception, but in general, we are 
seeing that as a growth business. Kunal, maybe you want to add something there. 
Kunal Malani: 
If you're referring to the margins of SAS, please bear in mind it's two months; August, 
September, and August is where the summer shutdowns have been. So, this is not 
necessarily reflective of assets capability if we were to put it. We do anticipate things to 
improve in Quarter 3 and Quarter 4 when the production levels are much more normal.  
From a restructuring perspective, as Vaaman was mentioning right now, we see a lot 
of synergy benefits and lots of areas where it can grow, and the business is structured 
on a more variable cost structure versus some of our other businesses. So, if we see 
some of the places which are unviable, at least in SAS, it's a lot easier and more flexible 
to move the production centres around. So, it's a relatively more flexible manufacturing 
construct. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, it's important that you understand the real synergy of Motherson SAS because 
whatever Motherson SAS is assembling right now, Motherson currently produces. The 
synergy benefits are tremendous, and we hope to play them out in the coming quarters. 
It's just been two months. Please give us some time, but it's a very exciting opportunity. 
It really transforms us to a Tier-0.5 and gives us a lot more ability to grow on the 
assembly side as well. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
I think in just two months, we've already transferring one from SMP to SAS business 
because…. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, you already saw that there are some business movements from our SMP or polymer 
business into Motherson SAS. So, we're already starting to push through the synergies 
and like I said, please give us some quarters, and a lot of that will play out down the 
line. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, the second question is on this CAPEX number of 45 billion now, shall we assume 
that this will be the normalised CAPEX going ahead, and does this factor in the CAPEX 
for the new acquisitions also which we have done? 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Kunal Malani: 
Yes. So, that's the exact reason Siddhartha that we are highlighting the revised CAPEX. 
We had highlighted 3,000 (+/-10%) earlier, now we are revising to 4,500, which includes 
a portion of the CAPEXs for the newly acquired assets that have been assimilated in 
this quarter. Also, it includes the 10 actually 11 Greenfield/ Brownfield that is being set 
up in emerging markets, 10 of them in India, 1 of them in China.  
If you remember, we highlighted 7 of them to you in March ‘23, which was part of the 
3,000 that we talked about. There are 4 new ones for which have the orders now, which 
are under the execution stage, for which the additional CAPEXs would be required.  
So, the 4,500 really carries a lot of growth CAPEX into it, given how the Indian 
environment is, and how we are seeing a lot of traction on the non-automotive side of 
the business as well. Hence, you would not say it's a normalised maintenance CAPEX. 
If we were to put it that number would probably be half-odd or so of this number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
What I was asking was the 45 million CAPEX which you guys have called out, is there 
a scope to give it by division-wise that can help us to build the revenue profile or growth 
profile going forward? 
Kunal Malani: 
I don't have the details right now maybe we can add some of those details going 
forward, but I think, as I mentioned, you should consider half of it as give or take regular 
maintenance, which will flow and all the divisions in their respective places, the new 
ones we can give you more colour as we go ahead, we don't have it right now. 
Pramod Amthe: 
And the second question is with regard to the broader industry-related trend for wage 
cost. The type of negative surprises some of the auto OEMs faced in the US, do you 
see that falling through for some of the Tier-1 and Tier-2 suppliers also as increased 
wage cost when you renegotiate or second considering your global operations and 
inflation being pretty high in many of the countries you expect some repercussions of 
the same in many other plants? 
Rajat Jain: 
So, look, as far as we are concerned, we have already closed this year's increases, and 
we are doing it year-on-year. So, we don't have a pile-up of three years and then put 
together as one contract, which might be there in more unionised environments. So, for 
us, it's a regular. We've already been talking about inflationary pressures in the last year 
and this year as well. So, we are already aware of such increases to date. Now, how 
does that affect on other companies really, we can’t comment. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
We can't guide; we don't even know what will happen. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Joseph George from IIFL. Please go 
ahead. 
Joseph George: 
Just a couple of questions. One is when you look at the debt level at the end of 
September and you think of how it will move over the next 6 months, can you please 
guide us on the pluses and minuses that will come through in the next 6 months, maybe 
more acquisitions or payment against more acquisitions, working capital moving up and 
down, etc.? Just some guidance will be helpful. 
Kunal Malani: 
Let's put it this way we can't really guide on acquisitions; difficult to predict when it will 
happen, but needless to say there is a strong pipeline, there is a lot of… 
Joseph George: 
Can I just interrupt you guys sorry so when I said the acquisition, I was referring to 
payments for the acquisitions that have been announced and yet to be made so that is 
one and whether you expect some reversal of the work in capital, etc., going to the 
second half of the year? 
Kunal Malani: 
So, organically if you're referring to, I think we should continue our deleveraging path 
organically even after considering the 4,500 crores of CAPEX guidance that we have 
spoken about. I think working capital, it would have seen our presentation earlier in 
March, we had highlighted around about 2,000 crores of additional inventory, that 
number is down to 1,500 crores. So, directionally things seem to be improving.  
As we synergize with some of the acquired assets, we do expect Quarter 3, Quarter 4 
to play out better that's how traditionally our business has been where Quarter 3 and 
Quarter 4 have typically been better than Quarter 1 and Quarter 2. So, with that concept 
we do expect some amount of deleveraging to happen. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look I want to reiterate that this is a really, really exciting time for us here at Motherson. 
We have patiently waited for the last four years, waiting for this moment really in a sense 
where the customer is asking us to go and pick up all these acquisitions when interest 
rates were extremely low, and a lot of deals were happening; we were patiently waiting 
and deleveraging. So, we have come down significantly because we knew that we have 
to grow at when the time comes, there will be an opportunity for us to really make large 
acquisitions and increase our footprint in the customers' portfolios, and that's what 
exactly is playing out. So, it's not that we are looking at these numbers and saying the 
numbers have gone up significantly. This is has been planned for us we deleverage 
from our erstwhile levels because we anticipated that this growth there would be a 
window of growth, and if you can understand, we are literally the last man standing in 
that sense where the customers are saying, please look at some of these acquisitions 
and support and we have the headroom to be able to do it. So, this was an event which 
is really setting us up for the future, a lot of growth will come in; as you can see, we're 
putting in a lot of investments for these acquisitions and the growth opportunities, and 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
this will play out in the coming quarters, I mean, 15 acquisitions in 12 months that is the 
pace that we really haven't seen before and like I said we are prepared for it. 
Joseph George: 
The second question that I had was in relation to CAPEX. So, you have upgraded the 
CAPEX number to 4,500 crores for this year, but this wouldn't include CAPEX that you 
would incur for some of the acquisitions which are yet to be completed due to get 
completed, I think in 4Q, which will add another billion also in terms of revenue. So, 
would it be right to assume that for FY25 we should look at a CAPEX number, which 
would be higher than what you have guided for FY24 because some of those 
acquisitions will happen towards the end of FY24? 
Kunal Malani: 
Joseph, I think Vaaman highlighted 10 new Greenfields for which we are setting up, for 
which we are spending 1,500 crore; that has nothing to do with any of the acquired 
assets. So, this is not the normal CAPEX level that our business will be carrying going 
forward. These are growth CAPEXs, more specifically in India, just given the trajectory 
of what's happening in India. As you see, every OEM has announced expansions, and 
as vendors, we do need to be ready to be able to cater to these expansions that 
happening in India. Plus, on the non-automotive side, there is a great amount of traction 
to set up facilities in India and showcase our strength in there. So, that's the organic 
part. You're right to the extent that the assets with which we haven't closed the CAPEX 
associated with that are not embedded in this number, and as they close, we will have 
better colour. We can come back to you with whatever changes need to be made 
around this, but for the current set of business, as for the current quarter, we do 
anticipate 4,500 crores this year should be more than sufficient. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no more questions, I would now like to hand over the call to V. 
C Sehgal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you all very much. I would again request you to understand that this is a work-
in-progress quarter. We are always seeing that traditionally the second quarter is 
always where the holidays come in Europe and then coupled with the UAW strike in 
U.S, it sort of dampened the whole particular thing, but I believe that the quarter was 
phenomenal and the results, the teams worked very hard to deliver these superlative 
results that are there in front of us. Thank you very much and wish you all a very, very 
Happy Diwali and all the festivity. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that 
concludes the conference call. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
 
 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing the translated version of 
voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording 
of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held 
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable 
and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, 
uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements of the Company or industry results to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss 
or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document 
should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and 
should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
 
