            Devyani International Limited  
  
 
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Corporate Office : Plot No-18, Sector-35, Gurugram - 122004, Haryana (India) • Tel. : +91-124-4566300, 4786000 
E-mail : devyani@dil-rjcorp.com • Website : www.dil-rjcorp.com; 
CIN: L15135DL1991PLC046758 
 
[[  
             __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
Registered Office : F-2/7, Okhla Industrial Area Phase-I, New Delhi-110020 (India) Tel. : +91 11 41706720-725 
 
November 15, 2023 
 
To, 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Block G, C/1, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Symbol: DEVYANI 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com  
Security Code: 543330 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Investors & Analysts Conference Call held 
on November 7, 2023, post declaration of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter 
and Half Year ended September 30, 2023, is enclosed. 
 
The same is also being uploaded on website of the Company at www.dil-rjcorp.com. 
 
You are requested to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Devyani International Limited 
 
 
 
Pankaj Virmani       
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                         
  
Encl: As above 
 
 
Pankaj 
Virmani
Digitally signed by Pankaj Virmani 
Date: 2023.11.15 16:54:19 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
Devyani International Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Devyani International's Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode. 
And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Devyani 
International's Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. We have with us Mr. Ravi 
Jaipuria, Non-Executive Chairman of the Company; Mr. Raj Gandhi, Non-Executive 
Director; Mr. Virag Joshi, CEO and Wholetime Director; Mr. Manish Dawar, CFO 
and Wholetime Director; and Mr. Rahul Shinde, CEO, Yum Brands and Wholetime 
Director of the company. 
We will initiate the call with opening remarks from the Chairman, followed by key 
financial highlights from the CFO. Post that, we will have the forum open for our 
question-and-answer session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has been included 
in the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
I will now request Mr. Ravi Jaipuria to make his opening remarks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I warmly welcome all of you to the Earning Conference 
Call to discuss the business performance for the Q2 & H1 of the financial year 
2023-2024.  
I am pleased to share that DIL has maintained its store opening at pace. We 
opened 115 new outlets in H1, taking the store count to 1,358 as on 30th 
September 2023. Out of 115 stores in H1, we have opened 68 stores in quarter two 

 
 
Page 2 of 19 
across our brand portfolio. We are making consistent progress in investing in our 
core brands and expanding our reach to cover our target customers to capitalize on 
the available growth opportunity in India. We are now present in more than 240 
cities in India.  
The consolidated revenue for DIL stood at INR 819 crore for the quarter with a 
growth of 9.6% on a year-to-year basis. India business witnessed a growth of 
12.4% over the same period of the previous financial year. For H1, the 
consolidated revenue was INR 1,666 crore with a growth of 14.7% over H1 of the 
previous year. Quarter two is seasonally a low quarter for the QSR industry. Apart 
from that, quarter two also saw an extended one month of Shravan or Sawan 
period where a sizable part of the Indian population turns to vegetarian food 
consumption for a temporary period of time. 
As you are aware, Nigeria, one of the countries that we operate in, saw very 
significant currency devaluation in the previous quarter. As a result, we have seen 
an all-round impact on Nigerian economy. The devaluation has led to a contraction 
in the local disposable income levels and hence lower discretionary spending and 
consumption. We may have to support our Nigerian business financially, given the 
local situation for the next couple of years until the local situation stabilizes. 
We continue to introduce a range of new menu additions and innovative campaigns 
for our core brands. The market response and consumer acceptance to these new 
offerings is positive. Our innovation pipeline remains healthy and strong.  
High inflation across industries and categories from a macroeconomic perspective 
has led to a short-term impact on consumer sentiment and depressed consumer 
spending in the last few quarters. Despite this, our performance is resilient, and we 
continue to invest in the business for long-term growth. Looking ahead, we are 
hopeful that the rebound in consumer spending will take place in the next few 
quarters. We are poised for success in the dynamic and evolving QSR landscape 
by optimizing menu pricing, reducing wastage, cost controls and improving 
operational efficiency. 
To sum up, our store addition strategy stands as a testament to our belief in the 
long-term potential of the Indian QSR industry. As we actively grow our presence, 
we are strategically positioned to tap into the vast opportunities, ensuring 
sustainable growth and value creation for our stakeholders with the ambitious goal 
of reaching 2,000 stores by 2026. 

 
 
Page 3 of 19 
We are on track to inaugurate 250 to 275 new outlets in the current fiscal year. This 
ambitious expansion coupled with our commitment to customer satisfaction and 
innovation positions us for success in the dynamic and evolving QSR landscape. 
With this, I would like to conclude my address and now hand over to Manish for the 
financial highlights. Thank you. 
Manish Dawar: 
Thank you, Mr. Jaipuria. Good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to all of you 
and thanks for your valuable time for attending DIL's Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call, our ninth such call since the listing in August 21.  
In Q2 FY24, we opened 68 new stores across our brand portfolio. We now have a 
footprint of 1,279 stores across our core brands with a total store count of 1,358 
stores across DIL. This consists of 594 stores for KFC, 539 stores for Pizza Hut, 
and 146 stores for Costa Coffee in our portfolio as at the end of quarter two FY24. 
Our store distribution in India continues to remain marginally in favor of non-metro 
destinations with 51% of the total core store count. 
Operating revenue for quarter two FY24 stood at INR 819 crore, representing a 
9.6% Y-on-Y increase. This was supported by a strong growth in the new store 
openings. Indian business witnessed a growth of 12.4% over the same period of 
the previous financial year. 
As you all know, for the QSR industry in general, Q2 is seasonally a low quarter. 
Apart from that, Q2 saw an extended one month of Shravan because of the lunar 
calendar adjustment. During this period, the consumption of meat comes down in 
the country. Further, there is competition emerging in the pizza category at the 
local and regional levels. 
We are also seeing some marginal consumer preferences shifting in favour of non-
pizza category within the largest QSR space. This is being observed mainly, 
because of the after-effects of inflation where the consumers have tried to balance 
their wallets and down trade to lower entry points within the QSR industry. In our 
view, this phenomenon is probably temporary in nature. 
The Nigerian economy, where we have DIL operations, is currently in a difficult 
phase. The local oil prices have shot up multifold coupled with very significant 
currency devaluation in the previous quarter. This has resulted in a contraction in 
the local disposable income levels and hence a dent on discretionary spending and 
consumption. This has led to an all-round impact on our Nigerian business 
performance as far as the revenue and the margins are concerned. We may have 

 
 
Page 4 of 19 
to support Nigeria business financially given the local situation for the next couple 
of years until the local situation stabilizes. 
All of the above has impacted the overall consolidated performance of DIL. Slightly 
lower SSSG and ADS numbers have resulted in lower brand contribution margins 
in quarter two FY24 at 15.4% versus 18.2% in the previous quarter, because of the 
de-leverage.  
Reported EBITDA post IND-AS for Q2 of the current financial year was INR 159 
crore with margins at 19.4% versus INR 173 crore in the previous quarter. 
Company operating EBITDA on a pre-IND-AS basis was INR 95 crore versus                
INR 111 crore in the previous quarter. Operating EBITDA margin at 11.5% for the 
quarter was lower by 1.6% on a quarter on basis. 
During the quarter, we also got the final approval from NCLT for merger of our two 
wholly owned subsidiaries and the financial results of these subsidiaries have been 
consolidated into the standalone results. Because of this consolidation, we've had 
to take some impairment of goodwill appearing in the subsidiary books and the 
same has been reflected as the exceptional item in the current quarter P&L. 
At the same time, this consolidation has also resulted in a one-time gain arising out 
of the defer tax recognition as part of the tax expense line in the P&L. Profit before 
tax for the quarter stood at INR 19 crore versus INR 13 crore in the previous 
quarter. 
Taking the discussion to our core brands, KFC in India added 30 new stores in 
quarter two FY24, reaching a total count of 540 stores at the end of the quarter. 
Average daily sales for quarter two FY24 was INR 109,000 versus INR 117,000 in 
the previous quarter. Revenues at INR 509 crore grew 14.9% on a year-on-year 
basis. Gross margin for KFC at 69% were consistent. Brand contribution margin at 
19.4% for the current quarter was lowered by 1.7% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
mainly due to adverse leverage arising out of lower ADS across the portfolio. On 
premise consumption was 61% versus 63% in the previous quarter. 
During the quarter, Pizza Hut added 14 new stores. Revenues at INR 184 crore 
was flat quarter-on-quarter and grew 1.5% on a year-on-year basis. ADS was 
slightly lower at INR 39,000 for the current quarter. Gross margins for the quarter 
came in at 75.7% with an improvement of 0.8% versus the previous quarter. Brand 
contribution was INR 14 crore for the quarter with the margins at 7.7% which was 
lower by 2.4% on a quarter-on-quarter basis, mainly due to higher marketing and 
ADS deleverage impact. 

 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Costa Coffee added 23 new stores during the quarter, reaching a cumulative store 
count of 146 stores as of September 30th. Quarter two FY24 revenue was at                 
INR 35 crore with a growth of 7% on quarter-on-quarter and 57.4% on a year-on-
year basis, driven by expansion of new stores. Gross margin was 76.3%, slightly 
lower versus the previous quarter, because of slightly marginal adverse mix. 
Quarter two FY24 brand contributions stood at 14.6%, lower versus the previous 
quarter. The new stores take some time to stabilize and reach the maturity level. 
Hence, the rapid expansion of Costa stores has impacted the overall brand 
performance. We expect this to stabilize as we go along. 
To conclude, we want to reiterate our commitment to our ambitious growth within 
the Indian QSR market. We have a target of reaching 2,000 stores by 2026, a 
milestone that signifies the tremendous potential and demand for our brands. We 
would like to highlight that the entire organic capex required for this expansion is 
primarily being planned through our internal accruals, our ability to self-finance 
growth underscores the financial strength of DIL. 
Furthermore, despite our aggressive expansion, we have remained focused on 
maintaining strong financial performance. As we continue to expand, we remain 
committed to sustainably increase the ROCEs, reflecting our emphasis on prudent 
financial management and creating a long-term value for our shareholders. 
On that note, I would like to request the moderator to open the forum for any 
questions or suggestions that you may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
We take the first question from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. 
Tejash Shah: 
My first question pertains to the demand environment in general. You specifically 
called out pressure in pizza category, but just wanted to know post Adhik Maas and 
then Shravan, have we seen any revival? And I just want a qualitative comment if 
you can. And the whole expectations which were built up around QSR category 
getting boost from World Cup and all, have you seen any of those materialize in 
any form for the sector? 
Manish Dawar: 
Tejash, we will not be able to talk about the specific numbers. But if you look at, Q3 
versus Q2, it's seasonally a very strong quarter compared to Q2. We are having a 
World Cup which is having some impact whenever the big matches are there. 
At the same time, we have Diwali and Christmas in this quarter whereas in the 
previous quarter, Adhik Maas not only impacted the non-vegetarian category, but 
also the population, when they typically try and consume the food inside the home. 

 
 
Page 6 of 19 
So, there is a small shift which kind of impacts the overall performance. Therefore, 
from an overall perspective, Q3 should be a better quarter than Q2. 
Tejash Shah: 
Sure. And second on KFC, when we see the gross margin expansion or gross 
margin movement versus EBITDA margin movement, it slightly looks not in 
tandem. So just wanted to know is there any one-off or is there any additional cost 
headwind that has come in that particular franchise? 
Manish Dawar: 
Tejash, there's no headwind as such. If you remember our previous comments, we 
had said that as far as KFC is concerned, the basket on raw material and packing 
materials is very stable and is probably in our favour, but at the same time as said 
in the last quarter we shall continue to open more stores, as we need to address 
the population which is not currently covered by KFC. 
And, therefore, we need to introduce the value layers and also create a test market 
for KFC Lunch, and KFC Snackers range. So, it's a little bit of mix, but, overall, 
there is nothing to worry as far as the KFC gross margins are concerned. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman Sachs. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Yes. The first question is on KFC. Your SSSG went from minus 1% in the previous 
quarter to minus 4%, but when we look at the other KFC franchisees, they were 0% 
last quarter and 0% this time as well. So, could you help us understand the 
deterioration in your case? And I'll come to my next question later. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Saurabh, we have different geographies between the two franchisees carved out 
and we are very strong in South. Shravan, the traditional month, or Shravan period 
has a higher impact in South India versus the other parts of the country. 
In West, it's probably lower versus even the rest of the country, we've seen typically 
it's South followed by North and then that's where the West comes in. So, because 
of our presence in South and the mix of the stores depending on where they are 
located, you see a differentiated performance between the two franchise partners. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Sure. Sure. Understood. And, sir, the next question is on this JV announcement 
that you have done. I know, it's a bit early, but still if you could just share with us 
maybe the revenue potential or whether the economics of these food courts are 
going to be similar to your current store P&Ls or are there going to be any 
additional cost lines involved? Anything that you can mention on the JV will be 
appreciated? 

 
 
Page 7 of 19 
Manish Dawar: 
Saurabh, we'll not be able to share the business plan as of now. But, you know, 
that the government has announced a modernization of Indian Railway stations. 
And if you look at the intent from the Indian Government, they want to modernize 
the railway stations to match with how the airports look and feel is. And, therefore, 
given that announcement and the fact that there are so many introductions of fast-
moving trains and the entire train tracks are getting upgraded, we see this joint 
venture to be giving us a big opportunity. 
We know that as the railway stations modernize, government is going to be 
allocating space for the food courts on the railway stations. And that's the reason 
we formed this JV with somebody who had great experience as far as working with 
the railways is concerned. 
Furthermore, they have their existing businesses, and it's going to be a big asset 
and big plus for us. However, there is a public tender process that is going to be 
conducted by Indian Railways, and therefore we will have to bid each and every 
railway station and food court as it comes along. 
But we have our expertise on somebody who knows the Indian Railway system 
very well, has a great experience of dealing with the railways, and then we bring in 
our established brands, and our expertise of running the operations at the food 
courts. So therefore, it's a win-win situation for both of us. 
To your other question, in terms of topline, we will be in line with the rest of the 
food court portfolio, we think it could be in line or it could be slightly better because 
of the captive very high traffic. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Right. Understood. One last question on Pizza Hut. I understand your performance 
is actually better than the other franchisee, but the question is, it's still negative, 
and are there any initiatives that you are going to take or we are more or less 
relying on the macro to turn for Pizza Hut to start posting better or positive same 
store sales growth? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, we've taken initiatives in terms of the new menu introduction by giving a 
premium appeal to the overall menu. We've taken some initiatives in terms of 
additional promotions, through value layers and additional marketing spends. 
When the market turns, we will be seeing a better than the proportionate results, as 
all these initiatives are getting rolled out, and they would start showing the results 
as we go along. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. 

 
 
Page 8 of 19 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
Manish. The first question was, I think in the opening comments you mentioned 
about pricing. So has there been any pricing adjustments in either of the brands? 
Manish Dawar: 
There's no pricing adjustment, Nihal, in the current quarter. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
That's helpful. Taking another question on Pizza Hut itself, what I noticed is 
obviously there's been a significant deceleration in the brand margins and that is 
very much commensurate with what we've been highlighting about the competitive 
intensity and maybe a preference shifts away from where we're seeing more 
preference towards some of the other QSR categories. But if I had to ask you that, 
even when I compare, say, versus the market leader, the deceleration in the SSSG 
or maybe the ADS performance has seen a much sharper fall. 
 
And that in a way points to a much sharper market share loss for Pizza Hut as a 
whole, whether looked at for you or for the other franchise. So, what are those 
specific aspects beyond competition and the category which would have impacted 
the overall market that is specifically impacting Pizza Hut in your opinion, Manish? 
Manish Dawar: 
Nihal, see in our case if you remember, around the same time last year or little 
later, we had introduced this fun flavour pizza and therefore the comparisons are a 
little different. So, as that one-year anniversary kind of goes out for the fun flavour 
pizza, we will start to see the improvement on the SSSG numbers. 
Because the fun flavour got introduced when the inflation was almost at its peak, 
we saw a huge downtrend or a downshifting for the consumers from premium 
category to value layer category. And as we kind of go along, we've tried to 
address that. We've tried to bring down the mix of the fun flavour. We've introduced 
the new menu through the premium pizza. So, all of that is showing results and 
therefore we expect in the next couple of quarters, it should kind of get finalized. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: 
That's helpful. Just one final question was, you did announce the Costa tie-up with 
PVR in the middle of the quarter. Just would it be significant in terms of how the 
potential could be? I'm assuming it will be a lower margin business given it's still a 
B2B arrangement, but just your comments on the same. 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, it will be slightly lower margin business as you allude to, Nihal. Right now, we 
are in the test market phase because PVR also wants to upgrade in terms of their 
offerings at the food counters that they have within the prime. So right now, we are 
in the test market phase which will continue maybe for the next couple of months 
and then we will take a final call and discuss our plans also in detail. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. 

 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Ashish Kanodia: 
So, the first question was more around demand. So, you know, Q2 and again this 
time Q3 both will have, you know, some one-off impact. So Q2 had Shravan and 
then Q3 we will have, you know, Shradh month as well. And, you know, that is why 
maybe a Y-o-Y comparison is difficult, but just wanted to get your sense that, you 
know, when you look at just the pure underlying demand on, you know, non-festive 
days and non-Shradh days or non-sawan days, you know, what are you picking? Is 
it that the demand environment is, you know, muted similar to what it was maybe a 
quarter or two back? Is it deteriorating or is it kind of improving? Just, you know, 
wanted to get more sense around the, you know, underlying demand rather than 
more from a festive period or a Sawan perspective?   
Manish Dawar: 
Ashish, see there are two ways to look at it. I mean, on some specific days, we see 
some big numbers coming in and that shows the indication that the consumers are 
there, they form their habits and they're wanting to come back and so on and so 
forth. At the same time, if you see on an overall basis, there was this 
announcement on the savings ratio in the country and the savings are currently 
sitting at almost all time low. 
Now that shows the consumerism in the country setting in, because if you go back 
by 10-15 years, savings probably was one of the biggest priorities as far as the 
Indian population is concerned. 
Now as we see the spends are higher on the durables as the premium category is 
doing well, the savings will be lower, which is kind of positive. At the same time, we 
also need to understand that we've come out of hyperinflation and the consumer 
wallet sizes have remained the same. 
So, it will take a couple of quarters for the consumers to fully come back, as still we 
are still seeing some job losses in the IT sector. However, overall, we are very 
bullish. But there are these minor irritants or the bumps which are there, which will 
get sorted out as we go along. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish, that's helpful. The second thing, specifically on KFC, you know, if I 
look at the ADS between the on-premise and off-premise, you know the on-
premise decline in ADS, you know, both on a quarter-on-quarter basis and on a Y-
o-Y basis is much severe versus, you know, what you have seen in the off-premise 
ADS. So, any specific thing or is it just, you know, a seasonality or something like 
that? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, we are in the middle of World Cup and the other things. Leading up to that, 
people start to kind of order, and you will see even in the current quarter also, that 

 
 
Page 10 of 19 
delivery ratios will be slightly higher. So, it depends on how many weekends are 
there or what kind of festivals are there or what kind of particular days are there. 
As I have kind of pointed out in the past, I mean, for QSR, the bias remains slightly 
in favour of delivery because, see, it's a fast-food consumption item. And if let's say 
we are fully back to working from office post the COVID phase and all, the 
preferences are coming back as far as home delivery is concerned. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, Manish. And, you know, just last week, you know, you talked about financial 
support for Nigeria. So just wanted to get a sense in terms of, you know, right now, 
what kind of, you know, financial support, you know, you are kind of building in 
from a, you know, year-to-year perspective? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, we will not be able to give the exact numbers, Ashish, because we don't even 
know the extent of how deep it is. Because Nigeria, if you look at the fuel prices, 
they've shot up by almost 4x to 5x. The currency has got devalued by almost about 
64% in the previous quarter. And Nigeria is a dominant import economy and there's 
a huge amount of transport reliance. 
All this has impacted the consumers a lot, but the business continues. The 
profitability of the business has come down. Because of our small store expansion 
requirements, we are just kind of putting a line in place. 
So, it's not going to be big amounts. It will be a small amount in the overall context 
of the DIL size. But since in the past we've stated that Nigeria is completely self-
sufficient and therefore we are pointing it out very clearly that Nigeria could need 
some financial support for the next one or two years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Best wishes for the upcoming festive season. Manish, we have maintained that 
we'll be continuing the expansion through internal accrual. So, wanted to check on 
what kind of margin recovery is built in our model for KFC and Pizza Hut for the 
upcoming years? 
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, see, if you look at the good days of KFC, we used to get to a brand 
contribution level of 20-21%. And once the entire situation is stable, the overall 
macros will start to fire back. We are confident that we'll be able to get back to 
those numbers. I'm not saying it will happen immediately. It could take a few 
quarters, but we are confident that KFC can get back to those numbers. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And for Pizza Hut, Manish? 

 
 
Page 11 of 19 
Manish Dawar: 
Pizza Hut will take a little longer time because at Pizza Hut the issues are slightly 
different versus the KFC. It will probably take a little longer journey. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it. Manish, we also have a higher rural exposure versus the rest of the pack. 
So, wanted to understand how is the trajectory among rural region versus the 
urban region? Any color that you can provide here? 
Manish Dawar: 
Devanshu, let me slightly correct you that we do not have any exposure to as we 
define the rural areas. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. 
Manish Dawar: 
Because, I mean, I agree with you that we have higher exposure as far as non-
metros or maybe Tier 2 or Tier 3 cities are concerned, but we are not even close to 
touching rural. If you look at overall QSR industry, we are probably addressing 
about what 15-16% of the population which is far away from where the rural India 
is. Having said that, if you were to ask me is there a differentiated behaviour 
between a metro versus a non-metro, it is not so much. The trends are very similar 
and if at all the hunger and the aspiration is stronger in smaller towns and that's a 
good situation for us. Because, if India has to develop, the non-metros and the 
smaller towns have to develop faster. The way we look at our business, we are well 
positioned to capture that growth phenomenon. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Fair point, Manish. Last question from my end. Sapphire sort of indicated 
implementation of this kitchen solution called Dragontail. What is the outlook here, 
do we also sort of plan to implement this going ahead? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, we are also working on that and it's an overall solution. Dragontail, I'm sure you 
must be aware, is owned by Yum!. And they had acquired it a few years back, 
which kind of obviously optimizes the delivery times and the time it takes for a rider 
to come to the store versus the handing over of pizza, which kind of ensures that 
we are able to deliver a better-quality pizza to the consumer with a lower delivery 
time. We both are working on that initiative, and it will get rolled out simultaneously 
for the franchise. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Two questions. In the beginning, when we see there is a consumer sentiment 
which are weaker, the burger segments are doing little better than the pizza 
category. So, does that mean that if the last year Diwali or quarter three was 
weaker? So base is absolutely benign. And I'm giving the context because last five 
quarters, Pizza Hut has seen a consistent decline in ADS and also in terms of the 

 
 
Page 12 of 19 
SSSG. So, in that base and given these events and the festive season and 
momentum which is picking up, do we think we will report a positive SSSG in 
quarter three or we will be still in a negative territory? I know it is too hypothetical at 
this time. 
Manish Dawar: 
See, I will not be able to give you any numbers as far as the current quarter is 
concerned. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
No, will it decline further, or will it remain less than 10%? That's what the question 
is. 
Manish Dawar: 
As I said earlier, it was around the Diwali time we had introduced the fun flavour 
pizza and it was the part of the quarter, therefore we will be able to cycle out of this 
whole thing from Q4 onwards. And that's where we see that things will probably 
turn. 
However, on a macro level, there's nothing wrong with the pizza category. If you 
see any of the environments where hyperinflation has taken place, not only in 
India, but any part of the world, people try and downgrade to the lower entry 
segment. And that's the reason why we are saying, as you pointed out, that's the 
burger category because that's a lower entry point into the QSR segment and 
therefore the consumers have switched into that. 
But on an overall basis and on the entire concept behind premiumization and 
upgradation. We all are very confident that the population or the consumers will 
come back and It's only a temporary piece that we are seeing. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, that's helpful. My second question on the post in this EBITDA, we are around 
at 19.9%, but in this quarter, particularly when I look at, our employee cost has 
gone up by 26% and other expenses ahead of our revenue growth. So, is there any 
one-off? And how should we look at the employee cost for the rest of the year? 
Because other expenses I can understand, that could be temporary. 
Manish Dawar: 
There are multiple things which is happening in the employee cost, Shirish. One is 
we continue to expand in terms of the number of stores, on an year-on-year 
comparison, our stores have gone up by about 25-26%, there is a large component 
of the employee cost increase which is because of the overall store openings. And 
because of the lower ADS, the deleverage sets in and your ratio looks kind of 
slightly adverse versus where it would have been. 
Secondly, between, let's say, the year-to-year numbers, we've also seen an 
increment cycle, not only for the supervisory and the management staff, but also 

 
 
Page 13 of 19 
for the team members because of the minimum wage inflation. So, that comes in 
as an increment. And if you remember last time, Q4 we had said that we've taken a 
provision on account of statutory bonus because of the Payment of Bonus Act and 
now we've started providing for that on a regular basis. So that is the other impact 
which is setting in. 
So, therefore, if you have to ask me what is that one-time, there's no one-time as 
such, but the moment, let's say, we kind of cycle throughout, once this whole year 
passes and we've started providing for the statutory bonus on a monthly basis, all 
of those pieces will kind of cycle out. And as we continue to kind of see the 
improved sentiment in macro and the ADS numbers improve, we will see the ratio 
getting better as far as the employee cost is concerned. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Wonderful. Just last question on the JV with R.K. Associates. Now this has 
happened between DIL and R.K. Associates. So that means more than Yum! 
brand, we are also looking at opening food courts with the other brands, our own 
brands also. 
Manish Dawar: 
See, if you look at, Shirish, our current food courts are in Mumbai, Delhi, and in 
some highways, we do deal with the brands outside the Yum! Portfolio. We have 
taken specific approval from Yum! for dealing with these brands and therefore that 
will continue into a new setup as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Deesha from Ankhonia Advisors. 
Deesha Jain: 
I just had a question on Costa Coffee. I wanted to understand if you have taken 
any price hikes on your products considering the price of milk in the last six 
months? 
Manish Dawar: 
No, last six months, Deesha, we've not taken any price increase. The milk prices 
have strengthened in some pockets which has impacted the margins. We've seen 
a very small similar phenomenon on the coffee beans also, but we've not taken a 
price increase as yet. 
Deesha Jain: 
Also, just could you elaborate your pricing strategy? Does your pricing strategy of 
Costa differ from region to region? And also, is there any room to increase the 
prices of coffee considering that a millennial is willing to pay or is willing to afford 
today? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, we do not have a region-based pricing, but we do have a pricing which is 
based on the channel. So, for example, the airports could see a premium pricing 
versus the normal Costa outlet. At the same time, for example, if you are present in 

 
 
Page 14 of 19 
a premium mall, that could see a slight premium versus the normal pricing, and we 
are indexed to our key competitor as far as the pricing strategy is concerned and 
we try and maintain that. 
But at the same time, we also need to balance out, because the consumer 
sentiment is weak for the last few quarters on account of hyperinflation. And we've 
seen the overall impact on the QSR industry as well. Hence, we are kind of holding 
ourselves back. As far as the Costa pricing is concerned, we want to address the 
deeper markets here. We want to enlarge the consumer base for Costa coffee. So, 
therefore we've not taken any price increase yet. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay 
Global. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Manish, sequentially there is a significant drop in head office cost for us. So, is it a 
usual phenomenon where Q1 sees a higher sort of head office cost and then things 
normalize in the rest of the quarters? 
Manish Dawar: 
See typically in Q1, you have the impact of increments which is there, but 
otherwise there's nothing specific. And as things kind of go along, it normalizes. But 
otherwise, there's nothing specific to call out as far as corporate office is 
concerned. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Okay. So current levels should sustain, right? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes. I mean, we are hoping as, let's say, the ADS comes back, the leverage will be 
better because it is a fixed cost. Therefore, as a ratio, it should start to increase 
and plus, we do have to take some cost initiatives also, that is what we are 
currently working on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So, I would like to ask the question, I am aware that you have guided for 2,000 
stores by the end of 2026, but the mix change like the store addition between KFC 
and Pizza is going to be similar or it would be different from the long term as well 
as from the near-term perspective? 
Manish Dawar: 
See, we've talked about this in the past. KFC is going to see a stronger store 
addition in terms of the net new stores, we will see almost 120 to 130 stores getting 
added every year, whereas Pizza Hut we've brought down the guidance from 
where it was around the IPO time. We have always said that we have a dynamic 

 
 
Page 15 of 19 
store expansion strategy, depending on what the environment is and what is 
happening on the brand, we continue to adjust that. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Second question is regarding profitability of Pizza Hut. So, if our ADS goes 
back to, like, two quarters back like somewhere around INR 46,000 or INR 48,000, 
our profitability is likely to get back to 10% or it would remain in single digit only? 
Manish Dawar: 
We would not like to speculate on where the ADS numbers could go, but what 
you're saying and the scenario that you're painting, if the ADS numbers go back to 
the same numbers, you can see the similar brand contribution levels getting 
achieved. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay, the reason why I was asking that is that because of you highlighted that 
there's a downtrading which has been witnessed in Pizza Hut. Will that materially 
impact the profitability if the ADS goes back to the original level? 
Manish Dawar: 
We have taken steps to kind of address that mix because when we introduced this, 
we saw a rapid mix in favour of the fun flavour or the lowest price category 
because we're in the middle of a hyperinflation scenario. We've taken conscious 
steps to kind of bring consumers back to the premium category. We've taken some 
price initiatives also. And again, let's say, INR 47,000 is not going to happen 
overnight. So, by the time we hit that number, we think things should be normal 
and we should be able to hit close to the same brand contribution levels or similar 
brand contribution levels. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Sir, next is regarding last quarter, you highlighted presentation on Vaango 
also. And in this quarter, you have discontinued that. Can you highlight some 
reason for that? 
Manish Dawar: 
Vaango is a small business compared to the overall DIL size. I think about less 
than 3% of the overall DIL. There was a strong demand from the analysts and the 
investors that we would like to see the Vaango numbers. It's not that we are not 
going to show the numbers, but what we thought maybe once every few quarters 
we'll be able to give you the Vaango numbers so that you are able to see how the 
business is progressing. 
So, it's not that we've completely stopped. It could well be once every year or 
coinciding with the year-end that we will give the Vaango performance regularly. 
And if you see in terms of the store numbers, we've kind of given the Vaango store 
numbers also. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Yes. 

 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Manish Dawar: 
Since it is a small part and that's the reason, we thought that, I mean, from analysts 
and the investor perspective to save their time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Marut Chaudhary, an individual investor. 
Marut Chaudhary: 
So, sir, my question is about Costa Coffee. Like, we have just started Costa 
Coffee, [Femex] Costa, in all stadiums. But why did we start in November, World 
Cup started in October. So, why didn't we start proactively? Plus, we are still 
serving only in three stadiums. So, this is my first question. 
Manish Dawar: 
We have set up a kiosk at stadiums in Mumbai and Calcutta. We have not done 
this before, so we wanted to experiment and see. We are opening new channels, 
for example, we have tested with a stadium, we are collaborating with PVR to 
introduce Costa there, we are already doing it at the airports. So, the whole idea is 
to experiment, test what is successful and what is not. What is the consumer 
demand. And then we will expand it accordingly and bring it into a regular strategy. 
Marut Chaudhary: 
Okay. I got the same question. The World Cup has started. And the last 12-13 days 
are just starting. Okay. Quite excellent. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Saurabh Kundan from Goldman 
Sachs. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Yes, just a couple of questions on Pizza Hut. So, is there a very large divergence 
between your Pizza Hut SSSG in the states that you're present in? Are some 
states really very bad versus others? Or is it similar across the states? 
Manish Dawar: 
It's similar across the states, across metros, non-metros. There are some pockets 
which are always an exception, but largely the trends are very similar, Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kundan: 
Okay. And another question, if I remember correctly, in the previous quarter call, I 
think the management had mentioned that Pizza Hut will return to mid-teens 
margins in a couple of quarters. If I understood your comments today correctly, 
now you're saying that it might take a little bit longer for that to happen. Is it? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, because we have seen continuous weakness, and it is a matter of what ADS 
levels can we get to. As we have managed to arrest the decline, through our 
initiatives on marketing, promotions, menu introductions. You will start to see the 
ADS improving and coming back, we will also see the margins moving in tandem. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow up from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citi. 

 
 
Page 17 of 19 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Manish, so on Pizza Hut, you know, as you recalibrate your store expansion for 
maybe, you know, next two year, three years given, you know, maybe macro 
slowdown plus competitive intensity. I mean, you know, when you maybe, you 
know, interact with the brand owner, maybe with Yum! Brands, you know, is there a 
discussion or thought process that maybe, you know, instead of kind of, you know, 
reducing the store expansion, you know, maybe Yum! Brands can kind of support 
in terms of lower royalty, etcetera? 
Because, I mean, at the end of the day, it boils down to, you know, ROCEs and 
cash flows and, you know, opening less number of stores makes sense because 
demand is weak, but whenever demand kind of picks up, you know, having kind of 
deeper density of stores, of course, helps, right. So, had there been any 
discussion, or do you think this is a feasible model to work on? 
Manish Dawar: 
We and Yum! are continuously engaged as far as any of their brands and the 
businesses are concerned. If you look at the introduction of value layer, 
premiumization of the pizzas, the new menu introductions, all of that is in 
collaboration with Yum!, they are equally concerned as to what is happening to the 
brand and the brand performance. So similarly, for example, while we've spent 
additional money on marketing, Yum! has also kind of pitched in with the additional 
marketing money from their side. So, it is not just that it's only our baby. I mean, we 
work in parallel, and we work together to kind of ensure that Pizza Hut comes back. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Got it. But, I mean, what I'm just trying to understand is, you know, for example, 
they kind of have, you know, some benefits in terms of accelerated store 
expansion, right? And at a time when sentiments are weak, I mean, you know, this 
is a time when brands normally invest to come out much stronger, right? 
So, one way, you know, in which Yum! can, you know, help and it's, you know, 
ultimately everyone's decision there, but to have lower royalty rates and, you know, 
kind of leave more in the pocket of maybe the franchisee partner to drive that, you 
know, aggression. So, both are discussing, but do you see this as a feasible model 
if that has to happen? 
Manish Dawar: 
So, Ashish, we are engaged with Yum!, but so far there is no output as far as 
royalty discussion is concerned. But again, your point is valid. Because see what 
happens, let's say, when the ADS is down and the brand is the same, their income 
levels also come down through the royalty, because it is a percentage of the 
revenue and it's not a fixed royalty. We are engaged with Yum! on that. So, let's 
see how that goes. 

 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jaykumar Doshi from Kotak. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So, in case if this question was already answered, I'll go back. Now my question is 
Manish, when you look at your store portfolio, let's say, in two years, you've gone 
up from 300 stores to 540 stores in KFC 2Q FY22 versus 2Q FY24. And two years 
back, brand EBITDA margin was 22.4%. Right now, it's down 300 basis points. 
Gross margin is almost comparable. 
So, for the original 250-300 stores that you had, the portfolio of stores you had two 
years back, has store level profitability or EBITDA improved, it has remained at a 
similar level? I just want to understand, you know, the numbers that we are looking 
at on profitability front, is that largely the drag of new stores or is it also slightly 
lower profitability in other stores versus what you used to do two years back, in 
quote? 
Manish Dawar: 
Sure. Jai, see there are multiple things at play when you look at either of the brand 
performance. So, for example, we have doubled the store count and the new 
stores take time to mature. They take time to reach the overall brand averages in 
terms of the top line and the bottom line. And that impacts the overall mix. The old 
stores are stable and are performing well. But at the same time, we are also seeing 
the external or the macro factors in terms of the inflation, which kind of impacts the 
overall portfolio. And we've seen the inflation is not just on the food side, it is all 
across, which has impacted the consumer sentiment and the consumer wallets. 
Therefore, this impacts the old and the new stores. Similarly, for example, if, let's 
say, we take new initiatives in terms of value layer, that new initiative will be kind of 
taken at all the stores. So overall the portfolio is doing well, it is getting stronger, 
and if we all believe in the QSR opportunity in this country, I think we are in a good 
place. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So, when you think about the next two or three years now, you know, inflationary 
pressure at least for KFC is almost entirely East. Your gross margins are tracking 
at a fairly decent level. So, do you see, you know, brand EBITDA margin remain at 
these levels as you continue to add 100, 125 stores a year? Or will it move up 
directionally a little up or can it go down further? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, as the new stores mature and as the macros kind of improve a little bit, we are 
confident the ADS will improve. And as the ADS improves, the deleverage that we 
are seeing currently will kind of go off and so I kind of addressed this question 
earlier on also that as the ADS improves, if you see in the past, we've seen KFC 
brand contribution coming in at 21-22% level. And as the macros improve, we think 
we will be able to kind of hit those numbers back again. 

 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
So SSSG recovery will translate into margin expansion? 
Manish Dawar: 
Yes, SSSG recovery, because again remember that as the base is expanding, the 
new store as a percentage to the base and in terms of dilution also keeps coming 
down. So, therefore, that is also going to be helping the brand on an overall basis. 
Jaykumar Doshi: 
And final one, on KFC portfolio, you know, now that you are at 540 stores and 
you're going to be adding another 120, 130 per year. So, are you seeing any 
impact of cannibalization at all on some of your existing stores? Or it's still, you 
know, there are enough white spaces, that you see that will ensure that your 
existing network does not get cannibalized by the new stores? 
Manish Dawar: 
Jay, it's a combination of both, because, for example, it really depends as to where 
are you opening the store. As we go deeper into the metros which are big 
consumption hubs, we do see some kind of cannibalization in the neighbouring 
stores. But overall, as a metro it is not. If you go to a new town or a smaller city, 
there is no impact at all. So, it's a combination of various kind of factors. On an 
overall basis, we think India has a huge potential as far as KFC is concerned 
because of the macro in terms of the non-vegetarian population, the chicken 
consumption amongst the non-vegetarian population. If you're going to consider 
that, we are highly underpenetrated as far as the current KFC penetration is 
concerned, but also there is a small impact which is there depending on where 
you're opening the store. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now 
like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Raj Gandhi: 
Thank you so much for your participation in our quarterly results presentation call. 
We do hope that we have been able to manage all your questions to answer 
satisfactorily. And should you need any further clarifications or would you like to 
know more about our company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations 
team. Thanks again to all investors, analysts for your time to join in our growth 
story. Thanks. 
Ravi Jaipuria: 
Thank you so much. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a 
high level of accuracy. 
 
