                  
 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2023-2024/127  
 
 
 
Tuesday, 14th November 2023 
 
The Manager - Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051  
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
Script Code: PRICOLLTD 
Script Code: 540293 
 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on             
9th November 2023 pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results for the quarter 
and half year ended 30th September 2023. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
>X< pr,ca/ 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
\. +91 422 433 6000 
..:; connect@pricol.com 
e 
pricol.com 
CIN L34200TZ2011PLC022194 
;.., CUSTOMERS ;.., EMPLOYEES ;.., SHAREHOLDERS ;.., SUPPLIERS 
~ 
~ 
008 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANB
AN
Digitally signed by 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBAN 
Date: 2023.11.14 
17:19:15 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 9 
PRICOL Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Conference Call of PRICOL 
Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ followed by ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. A very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor Relations of Pricol Limited. On behalf of the 
company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings call for the 
second quarter and first half of the Financial Year 2024.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's Earnings Call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by an information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
 
Let me now introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's Earnings Call 
and hand it over them for opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Vikram Mohan - Managing 
Director; Mr. P. M. Ganesh - Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director; Mr. Siddharth 
Manoharan - Director of Strategy; and Mr. Priyadarsi Bastia - Chief Financial Officer.  
 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Vikram Mohan to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikram Mohan: 
Good evening, everyone, and thank you for participating in this call. On behalf of Pricol and my 
team, I welcome you to the Q2 financial performance for FY '24 and also the H1 for FY '24.  

 
Page 2 of 9 
 
We have uploaded a presentation and I hope all of you have had a chance to see it.  
 
In line with our guidance, we have been seeing a steady increase in our revenue and we have 
been ahead of the market and also EBITDA margins have been steadily increasing in line with 
our guidance.  
 
Our revenue from operations is growing at a steady clip and so also is the EBITDA and both on 
a consolidated basis and on a standalone basis.  
 
The floor is now open for questions. Request everyone to queue up and ask one question at a 
time so that all participants have an option to ask their questions. So request you to just stop 
with one question and rejoin the queue if you have further questions. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. We take the first question from the line of Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So can you break the sales between driver information and connected vehicle solution and 
actuation, control and fluid management systems? What percentage of ours? 
Vikram Mohan: 
As mentioned in my earlier calls, it hovers between 65% for driver information and connected 
vehicle solutions, and 35% to the ACFMS Division. That ratio will be maintained more or less 
going forward also plus or minus 2% every quarter.  
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
And sir, EBITDA margins are same for the both verticals or is there any change in the EBITDA 
margins? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Export revenue coming in the ACFMS division, the EBITDA margin is slightly higher on the 
export products and the new products, but on the commoditized products, the margins are 
lower. Margins are steadily increasing and becoming steady in the DICVS division because 
electronics prices have more or less stabilized for all premium freight have stabilized. So there 
it's much more a normalized EBITDA margin. In term of overall EBITDA, both are almost neck 
to neck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Pankaj Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
So in earlier calls you have given a guidance of 3600 crore of organic revenue by FY '26 and that 
implies a 20% plus kind of growth. I do understand that lenience, every quarter the growth is 
not going to be like that, but this quarter the revenue growth was around 12%. So is there a 
specific reason of slower growth in this quarter? 

 
Page 3 of 9 
Vikram Mohan: 
The revenue growth was not the revenue from operations quarter-on-quarter between last 
year and this quarter was about 12%. We are aiming for a minimum of 15% to 16% growth. So 
if you look at H1, as a H1 growth, we have seen about 16% growth. There have been some loss 
of sales on account of these lower production of the EV vehicles and deferment of schedules 
because of the FAME subsidy issue. But overall, in terms of over the next couple of quarters, 
that same revenue guidance we would like to maintain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment.  
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So can you break down the sales for driver information vertical to two-wheeler, four-wheelers 
and commercial vehicles? Is it possible, sir? 
Vikram Mohan: 
It's about in the driver information systems, about 65% comes from two-wheelers. Commercial 
vehicles would be another 20%, and the balance would be from personal passenger vehicles.  
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Two wheelers you said 55 or 65, sir? 
Vikram Mohan: 
65.  
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
6-5? 
Vikram Mohan: 
It's 50, 50 and 65, commercial vehicles between 20 and 25, again a variance every quarter, and 
the balance from four-wheeler personal passenger vehicles. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Dinesh Kulkarni from RDS Capital. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
So I just want to know like do we expect, you know, you would increase your shareholding in 
the company going forward? Because last two quarters we see some increase there. Do we 
expect this to continue or like do we have any something, some number like 40% or 50% 
ownership in mind, something like that? 
Vikram Mohan: 
If there is a need, we will increase it, and whenever liquid cash is available with the promoters, 
we do Infuse into our different business ventures as needed. But I think we have a fairly decent 
holding, and directly and indirectly we hold about 41% because this 38 point odd percent is 
referring to my immediate family unit and my extended family, which is my father's brothers 
and sisters and my mother's brothers and sisters, we are close to about 41%. So, I think that's 
a very comfortable shareholding. If and when there is a need, we will increase our shareholding 
and based on liquidity.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Richa Agarwal from Equitymaster. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Page 4 of 9 
Richa Agarwal: 
Could you also give us the breakup between, you know, the share of new products versus… 
Moderator: 
Her line has got disconnected, sir. We take the next question from the line of Shashank Kanodia 
from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead.  
Shashank Kanodia: 
Just wanted to check on the margins front. Our understanding was that with normalized chip 
supplies, your premium freight will be reduced, and then, eventually, there will be an uptick in 
margins, but our margins most sequentially as run by basis have decreased drastically and even 
the gross part. So if you can explain, you know, what's going to be the margin trajectory and 
any specific reasons for margin decline in this quarter? 
Vikram Mohan: 
No, there has been no margin decline. In fact, there has been a margin increase. And as alluded 
by me in my earlier calls, I said steadily quarter-by-quarter we will keep increasing our margins 
and hit a steady-state margin, EBITDA margin of about 13.5%, and our margins are increasing 
in line with that guidance.  
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, any take on the raw material cost? Raw material as a percentage to sales have increased in 
this quarter.  
Vikram Mohan: 
Pardon me. 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, any take on the raw material cost? Your raw material cost as a percentage to sales has 
increased in this quarter. 
Vikram Mohan: 
No, our EBITDA margins are steadily increasing, and will keep increasing moving forward.  
Shashank Kanodia: 
I think there is some displace in terms of EBITDA margin that you calculate. You calculate using 
other income in nature. We calculate excluding the other income.  
Vikram Mohan: 
You are not very clear, but can you repeat yourself, please? 
Shashank Kanodia: 
Sir, we calculate EBITDA excluding the other income and you calculate the EBITDA, I think, 
probably including the other income, right?  
Vikram Mohan: 
Including what?  
Shashank Kanodia: 
Other income.  
Vikram Mohan: 
No, but as an operational EBITDA, our EBITDA has been steadily increasing and will hit a steady-
state 13.5%. Quarter-on-quarter our EBITDA has been only increasing as raw material prices 
are stabilized, and we are having better operational efficiency. 

 
Page 5 of 9 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pankaj Kumar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
So are you still maintaining the revenue guidance of 3600 crore by FY '26? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Yes, unless there are any catastrophic external geopolitical events, I think we are still 
maintaining that revenue guidance. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
With a margin of 13.5%, will that reach by FY '26 or earlier than that? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Earlier than that, for sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Richa Agarwal. Please go ahead, ma'am. 
Richa Agarwal: 
Sir, my question was, could you give the share of new products in the current revenue? And in 
your guiding for 15.5% kind of margin, what is the share that you expect for the new product 
in the product mix? 
Vikram Mohan: 
New product revenue typically is about 20% of our sales year-on-year. In FY '25 and FY '26, 
those numbers will be slightly higher as newer products like disc brakes and others are getting 
introduced and volumes are ramping up, but for the current year, it would be about 20%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please go ahead, sir.  
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
We had signed several MoUs with some software developers, and so what is the progress on 
that front, sir?  
Vikram Mohan: 
We have signed with BMS PowerSafe. We have signed with Sibros. What we have signed with 
Sibros as the proof of concept everything has started hitting the market, and it's already under 
vehicle trials with at least about 10 vehicle makers. And as I mentioned, the revenues from 
those product from those joint ventures will really start seeing traction in FY '26 onwards until 
FY '30.  
 
Similarly, with BMS PowerSafe, the proof of concept is ready and is now being showcased to 
the customers. Those again will go into revenue earning mode only from FY '26 and onwards.  
 
We have recently signed an engagement for cooperation agreement with TYW based in China. 
We have just started working together. It's very early days and it's probably going to take about 
6 months to 12 months to say what revenues are going to come out of that.  And none of them 
are software companies for your information, Mr. Shah.  

 
Page 6 of 9 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
Oh, sorry for that. No, I remembered it. So these all are exclusive MoUs means they can work 
only with us or there is no exclusivity in this? 
Vikram Mohan: 
For certain vehicle segments, it's exclusive. For certain customers, it's exclusive, and for certain 
products also, it's exclusive. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Harini from Sundaram Alternates. Please 
go ahead.  
Harini: 
So on the query to a previous participant, you had mentioned that the sales dip is on account 
of EV shares in the sales coming down. Is it possible to indicate how much of our sales currently 
is from EV? Any marginal number on how much? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Volume is about 7% to 8%, but in terms of value, it is slightly higher because per EV, selling 
price is much higher of the units that we are selling. And if you can send a query to our Investor 
Team, they will be able to answer in detail. But the EV sales are again started picking up. The 
schedules are picked up. You would be aware because of the FAME subsidy issue, all EVs had 
dropped production significantly in Q1 and Q2. From Q3 onwards, we have seen very healthy 
schedules. In fact, October has been also a good month.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dinesh Kulkarni from RDS Capital. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Dinesh Kulkarni: 
I want to know like what's your CapEx plans for the next two, three years, like, say, in the total?  
Vikram Mohan: 
I have spoken about this in my earlier calls. We have a planned CapEx of about 600 crores 
unless something very exciting inorganically comes up, of which about 150 crores was spent 
last year, about 200 crores is being spent this year, and another 200 crores would be spent in 
the next fiscal year. This is to enhance capacities, improve productivity and also going for 
modernization of some of our older plants. So that's the broad spend of CapEx. This will take 
our revenue up to about 3,800 to 4,000 crores would our capacity make capacity available. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jaimin Desai from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Jaimin Desai: 
So can you provide some color on recent business wings on the TFT side for two-wheelers? And 
also if you could elaborate on the four-wheeler TFT opportunity? 
Vikram Mohan: 
I would like to hand this over to our CEO and Executive Director Mr. Ganesh to answer this 
please.  
P. M. Ganesh: 
Good evening. The TFT actually whatever has been used by particularly the EV makers of two-
wheelers, most of the models are supplied by Pricol. Barring like one or two models in the 

 
Page 7 of 9 
country, I would say like out of 10 vehicles, eight are manufactured by Pricol. Four-wheeler is 
something that we are evolving. As you are aware that four-wheeler was not our focus until 
2020 because we had a non-compete agreement. So we have just started penetrating with the 
four-wheeler. So four-wheeler, our presence on TFT is not much, but on the two-wheeler, out 
of 10 vehicles manufactured, eight of them are from Pricol. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Khush Nahar: 
My question was regarding the content for vehicle. So could you guide us across our segments 
two-wheeler, four-wheeler, and CV, what is the average content per vehicle? 
Vikram Mohan: 
See, a mechanical instrument cluster still sells at Rs. 300 or Rs. 400, but that is dying a very fast 
death. For example, in the TVS X that launched, which was launched by TVS, it's a very high 
content per vehicle. Okay.  
 
So, if you want to ask in a two-wheeler, what is content per vehicle, it's very different from a 
mechanical cluster, electromechanical hybrid cluster or clock TFT cluster, and the TFT itself 
there are multiple price points, right, based on the features, the size etc.  
 
So this is a very, very difficult question to answer, but perhaps I put it this way. From an average 
value of Rs. 300 per driver information system, today we are at around Rs. 1,200 and making a 
transition to Rs. 2,500 over the next 3 years. I think that's a better way to put it. 
 
Similarly, on our ACFMS vertical, we were into very small value oil pumps and chain tensioners, 
which are dying a natural death, and now moving into more complex BLDC fuel pump, electrical 
coolant pump, and other products which are more towards the Rs. 1,000 mark as against what 
we were supplying at Rs. 150 and Rs. 200.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Pranav Modi from Antique Stock Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead with your question, sir. 
Pranav Modi: 
Sir, I wanted to know the per unit dynamics. For example, if we have something for two-
wheeler, then how much we charge, and if we go over say Triumph or KTM 390 or those sort 
of premium bikes, then how much do we get per unit? And if it goes to a four-wheeler, then 
how much it is? If you can share some detail on that? 
Vikram Mohan: 
Again, like the previous question, this is a very, very broad-based question. We are supplying 
something to a BMW two-wheeler at 15,000 per unit, a cluster. We also supply a car at Rs. 
2,500 per unit for a driver information system. So I think categorizing, it's based on the 
technology, the size, and the number of tell-tale and warning signs and what the customer 

 
Page 8 of 9 
wants and the resolution. So, if you are asking for a broad-based answer, it would be next to 
impossible to give.  
Pranav Modi: 
So can we put up some ASP number for all the units put together? Would that be a fair 
assumption or better way to calculate our revenues? 
Vikram Mohan: 
That's exactly what I said. From 300, we are now at around 1200 and moving up to about 2500 
in the next 3 years for two-wheelers. Cars, we are still in the nascent stage. Commercial vehicle 
is obviously much, much higher. Micro LCVs is at a lower price point. So, segment wise, yes, we 
have an average selling price, but with two-wheelers being 65% of our revenue, which is why I 
have the figure of about 1,200 today going up to about 2,500 over the next 3 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum PMS. Please 
go ahead, sir.  
Khush Nahar: 
So my question was regarding the other expenses. We can see that year-on-year last quarter 
and this quarter, it has increased around 55% last quarter and 39% this quarter. So was there 
any one off expenses or above 40 crore should be our new quarterly run rate for the expenses?  
Vikram Mohan: 
I will request our CFO to answer that please. 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
The warranty cost is increasing actually couple of products which got bounced back. So we have 
fixed the solution now, but yes, that cost was clubbed in this quarter, and that's why it is higher.  
Khush Nahar: 
So our average run rate would be around 30, 35 crores only, quarterly run rate going ahead? 
Priyadarsi Bastia: 
No, it will be a little higher number definitely, Khush, because the other expenditures are 
increasing in line with inflation. So it should be around 40, 42 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We take the next question from the line of Pankaj Kumar, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead with your question, sir. 
Pankaj Kumar: 
I wanted to know what will be the asset turn for 600 CapEx that you are doing?  
Vikram Mohan: 
It's different for different verticals of the company. For the ACFMS, it's different. For the DICVS, 
it's different. And even within the DICVS for the disc brakes, the ACFMS, the disc brakes is 
different. If you can get in touch with us, we can break it up segment wise and give it to you.  
Pankaj Kumar: 
Just one more question. I think, in the last call, you mentioned that you will reach to 13.5% to 
14% kind of margin in next two quarters. So is that still a valid assumption or? 

 
Page 9 of 9 
Vikram Mohan: 
No, in the last call, I said over the next two years, and I said steadily increasing over the next 
quarter-on-quarter. I didn't say two quarters. So I am expecting an increase of about 0.3 to 
0.4% every quarter and steadying at around 13.5%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir.  
Vikram Mohan: 
I think since there are no more questions, maybe we can call it a day.  
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. There are no further questions in the queue. So I would like to hand the conference 
over to you for closing comments.  
Vikram Mohan: 
Thank you very much and for the confidence in our company. And I am sure my team will be 
able to deliver the same level of sustained and improved performance in the quarters to come 
and look forward to connecting with you in the annual call for FY '24. Good evening and 
greetings of the season. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Pricol Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
