 
 
 
 
JFL/NSE-BSE/2023-24/82 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
BSE Ltd. 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
Scrip Code: 533155 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Symbol: JUBLFOOD 
Sub: - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
Ref:- Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors 
held on October 25, 2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for Q2 and 
H1 
FY24, 
which 
is 
also 
being 
disseminated 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.jubilantfoodworks.com/investors-financial-information  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
For Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
 
 
 
Mona Aggarwal 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Investor E-mail id: investor@jublfood.com 
 
            Encl:A/a 
MONA 
AGGAR
WAL
Digitally signed 
by MONA 
AGGARWAL 
Date: 2023.10.31 
15:38:30 +05'30'

1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Q2 FY24 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript  
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jubilant FoodWorks Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Jajodia, thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Jajodia: 
Good evening, everyone, and welcome to Jubilant FoodWorks Q2FY24 and H1 
FY24 Earnings Call for Investors and Analysts. We are joined today by senior 
members of the management team, including our Chairman, Mr. Shyam S. Bhartia 
our Co-Chairman, Mr. Hari S. Bhartia; our CEO & MD, Mr. Sameer Khetarpal; and 
our CFO, Mr. Ashish Goenka. 
We will commence with key thoughts from Mr. Hari Bhartia. We will then turn to our 
CEO to share his perspective. After the prepared remarks from the management, 
the forum will be open for the question-and-answer session. 
A cautionary note, some of the statements made on today's call could be forward-
looking in nature, and the actual results could vary from the statement. A detailed 
statement in this regard is available in Jubilant FoodWorks earning documents. We 
will share the replay of the call on the company's website under the Investor 
Relations section. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Hari Bhartia to share his views with you. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Hari Bhartia: 
Thank you, Deepak, and good evening, everyone. Welcome to our earnings call.  
The strategic direction we have taken in the current environment can be well 
summarize into three broad points: 
Firstly, we continue to pursue order-led growth and have also further bolstered our 
value offerings 
Secondly, we continue to improve our systems and processes to ensure that we 
emerge stronger in our operations as we grow our store numbers 

3 
 
 
Thirdly, we take a long-term view and continue to make investments for our future 
growth 
We are happy to share that we are progressing well on all these three fronts. 
In addition to the order-led growth for the past few quarters, we have now also 
arrested the yoy decline in average ticket size. The ticket size has started to grow 
sequentially for last two quarters. 
The response to our loyalty program continues to delight us. 19.5 million customers 
have enrolled on Domino’s Cheesy Rewards, and their order contribution in 
September was 50.1%.  
As you may recall, we became the first QSR Company in India to launch regional 
menu innovation last year, starting with a dedicated East Range during the Durga 
Puja festival in West Bengal. This year again, Domino’s introduced Kashundi 
Mutton and Prawns, thereby adapting to the local preference and this was again 
launched during Durga Puja festival.  
We are continuously looking at improvements in the existing systems, processes 
and way of doing things. As a result, several structural interventions are being 
effected even within Domino’s. This will transform us into an even more agile 
organization as we move ahead to realize our medium-term potential of more than 
3,000 stores. 
As shared with you earlier, we will continue to make the required long-term 
investments. We have started the work on the Mumbai commissary. However, after 
Greater Noida and Bengaluru, this will be the third mega commissary and the 
subsequent commissaries will be of a much lower CAPEX.  
With that, I request Sameer to share the key performance highlights and progress 
on our initiatives. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to our 
investor call today. My greetings to you and your family for the lovely festive season 
ahead. 
I have organized my remarks to share with you four key messages from my end 
where I will talk about Revenue and Channel update, Network Growth, Investments 
to be future-ready and lastly on margins.  

4 
 
 
1. By now you would have analyzed our results. It was a soft quarter. However, 
given the current operating environment, and when viewed in context of our 
strategic response, we see a multitude of green shoots: 
The top line growth at 4.5% was softer than what we internally planned. But, 
the encouraging part is that we were able to limit any further decline in LFL 
growth for Domino’s which came in at -1.3%. Notably, Average Daily Sales of 
mature stores registered sequential growth for second consecutive quarter as 
it grew by 1.4% qoq. We remain focused on executing our strategy on excelling 
on delivery - the channel delivered positive LFL growth - providing convenience 
in the dine-in channel, growing the app user base and investing in teams and 
culture.  
We are on track to achieve the target to re-image 100+ stores by end of FY24. 
I am happy to share with you that we have also launched our new flagship store 
format - ACE 2.0 - with the first inaugural store in Sector 29, Gurgaon. Similarly, 
we will continue to invent new formats which increase our penetration, presence 
and experience like we did with a container store at IIT Bombay.  
2. Let me now turn towards network growth updates. We re-looked at our new 
store opening processes and further fortified our NSO processes by embedding 
even more data streams to arrive at new store locations. 
For instance, we have started utilizing Out of Delivery Area pings from 
customers who log on to our app but are unable to identify a store nearby. This 
along with a series of other improvements are leading to tighter new store 
opening process leading to higher Week 1 and Month 1 sales than new stores 
opened in the prior period or when compared to stores opened two years ago.  
We have opened 73 stores in Domino's in H1 and are well on track to meet our 
guidance of 200+ new Domino's stores in FY'24. 
In Popeyes, we opened 9 stores and have entered four new cities in H1. We 
are on track to open 30 new Popeyes stores as guided in the current financial 
year.  The customers are enjoying the bold cajun flavors of Popeyes and we 
continue to remain humbled and encouraged by the response that we are 
getting.   
In Hong’s Kitchen, all metrics continue to report an encouraging progress and 
are ahead of our internal targets. We have opened six new restaurants in H1 

5 
 
 
and now have a network of 18 stores across three cities.  
In Dunkin’, 11 out of 21 restaurants are now as per the coffee-first format. 
3. Domino’s is known for its strong execution and delivery experience 
With nearly 1,900 stores in Domino's, the existing four regions in India were 
managing a very large portfolio of Domino's stores with ever growing complexity 
which comes with network densification. 
To meet our medium-term ambition of 3,000 Domino's stores and the runway 
beyond, we have made adjustments to Domino's regional management 
structure for even sharper on-ground execution and to become even more agile 
as an organization. We have now invested behind three new regions to 
transition to a seven-region structure in Domino's. This incremental investment 
in the new structure will go a long way in further bolstering our key competitive 
advantage of best-in-class operational prowess. 
The launch of custom-built dedicated app for store mangers to manage their 
stores - This is a big thrust towards digitizing the operations which in turn is also 
one of the four pillars of being a data and technology forward organization. This 
app empowers the operations team and help everyone benefit from deeper 
penetration of data and technology across all layers. 
The second leg of investments, as you are aware, is on building large 
commissaries which will help us service ever growing network in the future and 
drive long term growth with industry leading margins. 
We recently held the ground breaking ceremony for a new state-of-the-art 
commissary in Mumbai.  
4. Lastly, we are aware of our responsibility to manage the short-term well while 
not depriving the business from making timely investments for lasting long-term 
benefits. 
While as we discussed, a number of efforts are underway to improve the 
organic LFL growth and in the near term we will gain on margins from the 
operating leverage; through Project Vijay, we are deploying multiple levers to 
re-look at our existing cost structures, systems and processes. This paves way 
for continuous improvement and innovation while yielding benefits on margins. 

6 
 
 
As you aware, we have got very good traction in our Gross Margins without 
effecting any price hike and were able to more than offset the impact of high 
inflation in vegetable.  
We made a conscious choice to invest incremental operating margins this 
quarter in a number of areas which will improve the overall health of business 
in times to come. Investing in new regions, hiring more front-line team 
members, investing behind improving dine-in 
experience, continued 
investments in technology to improve not only consumer facing but also back 
of the house processes are some of the areas of investments which will put 
help us achieve sustained long-term growth while delivering industry leading 
margins. 
With that, let me turn to the moderator to initiate the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will 
wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Nihal Mahesh Jham from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Sir, 3 questions from my side. First is on the gross margin bit. You did allude to it 
and while it is a small improvement versus last quarter where we are seeing a 
contraction and it's not that any of the raw materials have seen any deflation, what 
are the initiatives which in a way have reversed the trend of gross margins despite 
the raw material inflation being elevated? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I did allude to Project Vijay and while the inflationary trend continues to be elevated, 
we have looked at various internal efficiencies across all line items. To give a few 
examples, 1) We are using data and technology to sharpen our discounts, therefore 
leading to a better realization for the same product. 2) Again, we are using data 
and technology to sharpshoot our offers to improve penetration of combos which 
has led to an increase in average ticket size like Mr. Bhartia alluded quarter-on-
quarter for 2 quarters. 3) We have looked at all commodities and all materials and 
found ways of better buying and also local sourcing under our sustainability 
agenda. For example, corn we are now sourcing locally; we were earlier importing. 
Without affecting any change in pricing or increase in pricing, we have looked at 
internal efficiency and use of data technology to improve ticket size and localize to 
improve gross margins. 

7 
 
 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Any targets you all are keeping to improve either of the gross or EBITDA margin 
by a certain percentage under this initiative? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I think I had shared this in my last earnings call that we believe the right place is to 
be anywhere 150 to 200 basis points higher than our current levels of EBITDA. We 
have held onto EBITDA levels this quarter versus last quarter; and last quarter, we 
improved by nearly 100 basis points. This quarter we did invest in the frontline 
teams. As we said, we got the money that we were chasing, but we chose to invest 
in Domino's for the future, especially in the frontline teams. And also, this quarter 
was affected by salary hikes. Despite the salary hikes and despite the investments, 
we have held onto the EBITDA margin, which I think is a very positive story. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: The second question was that this is the second quarter in a row where we are 
seeing a big divergence between Dine-in and Delivery sales. I know Dine-in was 
impacted by a small proportion of stores which were renovated. But what is the 
read-through you all have of this divergence? Because it was significantly positive 
in Q2 when you were seeing a Dine-in surge, but now since the last 2 quarters, 
Deliveries we are doing much better. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Nihal, I think wherever we are investing, we are seeing the results. Let me just first 
assure you that. As you would recall, 3 quarters ago, we pushed on the pedal to 
get to 20-minute delivery. We are beginning to see results. Our store densification 
strategy is leading to a higher share of Delivery. And we have done several 
initiatives behind Delivery to get positive like-for-like growth in Delivery. Dine-in is 
also an important area for us. India is still very young, and I keep telling this to my 
team that the story is yet to even begin in India. So, improving Dine-in experiences 
and having more presence where customers congregate or go to, we will continue 
to improve on that presence. So, for Dine-in we will continue to invest on both Dine-
in as we open stores and the store re-imaging is still under track. We will re-image 
100+ stores this fiscal year and wherever we are re-imaging the stores, we are 
seeing the benefit also. 
Nihal Mahesh Jham: Sure. Just the last question. We are 21 days into the World Cup. Have we seen 
any significant improvement in our ADS which is different from the trend that we 
generally see in October? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
It’s hard to tease out pure World Cup impact, Q3 generally has a higher ADS versus 
Q2, and we see that during India matches and we see that during Dussehra, etc. 
So, still early, just few, about 3 weeks of data in Q3 and which was also a headwind 
of Navratra. But yes, India matches we definitely see an uptick. 

8 
 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Just 2 questions in the beginning. We have been able to arrest further decline in 
LFL. Starting this month or if I look back 2 quarters, we started with the menu 
innovation, we started with Cheesy Rewards, and we started with analytics. Does 
that mean the second half would be significantly better? Because the second half 
of last year was very weak. Is that the LFL is in our control saying that directionally 
it will be in a positive territory for the second half starting from Q3? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Definitely our endeavor is to have positive LFL, Shirish. I will not give guidance 
over here. But, what I will for sure assure you with is that many of our initiatives like 
zeroing on delivery, improving our delivery accuracy and convenience, investing 
behind stores re-imaging, Cheesy Rewards, always being ahead on the curve of 
technology versus the competition, those put us in good stead to be at least ahead, 
both in terms of same-store growth and the margins versus the competition. I would 
still say that not everything is also rosy because the inflation level has not come 
down, we were hit by vegetable prices in the last quarter. So, it is hard to still 
declare victory, but I am more optimistic to be very honest in the second half. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My second question is on the Slide #9. You have mentioned that you have re-
imaged 33 stores and you are on track to re-image 100 stores by FY24. Why this 
is back ended in the second half, that's one question. And to follow-up what is it 
that you can qualitatively give us because you have mentioned that higher LFL had 
significantly improved customer experience? So, in terms of quantitative, anything 
you can share with us? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I think it's a little bit of getting organized to do this. Firstly, re-imaging a store is 
harder than opening a new store because you have to take an existing store, shut 
it down, break it, and then build it from scratch. So, it's a little more complicated 
than opening a new store where you get a bare shell, and the crew comes in and 
builds it up. Having said that, Q3 is a season where we have very big days. In fact, 
starting August, we start getting into season. Therefore, Q4 is the best time to kind 
of do this from a loss of store days’ perspective, and post Diwali that we get a little 
bit of a window before the New Year, and then in the second half of January-
February, we get a window. We have chosen so that these took the loss of store 
days and the impact is minimal to the business. That’s the only reason. We have 
planned it that way. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
What is the difference in the ACE 2.0 stores versus ACE store? 

9 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
We are constantly innovating, Shirish, to make our experiences better. Let me 
firstly say where there is no difference. There is no difference in the area, but there 
is a difference in the amount of furniture or the covers we have been able to put in 
the same area. So, they are better ergonomically designed for Dine-in. Second, we 
have been able to optimize the back of the house to improve our processes. For 
example, as much as possible, the delivery associates don't enter from the front. 
They enter from the back, and they leave from the back. Similarly, we have made 
the point of sale or the counters more amenable, more colorful. We have a bit of 
private seating like a booth sitting also wherever we can. So, it is an upgraded 
version of ACE design. The stores have slightly more comfortable furniture, more 
covers in the store, back of the house is more designed to segregate delivery but 
have high amount of delivery also and yet the experience is very functional. I think 
they are more modern and contemporary. Every 4 or 5 years, the design or the 
palette for design changes, we are adopting to more vibrant, more colorful designs 
without adding to CAPEX or store sizes. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
My last question on Popeyes. By when you think you will be able to share some 
quantitative numbers on Popeyes in terms of store dynamics, its ADS and other 
things, we already now crossed 20. 
Ashish Goenka: 
Shirish, I think the brand is still at a rudimentary stage. It is still early days. We will 
allow it to mature to some level of critical mass before we are able to start sharing 
the numbers. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
They have just completed a year and I think many of the stores have not even 
completed a year. But let me assure you from the opportunity of chicken and the 
product, the palate, the taste and our ability to now go to even the smaller cities in 
south. For example, Madurai, Manipal, Coimbatore. These are all massive 
successes for us and we remain bullish that we have at least found the right product 
for Indian consumers and the format also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Spark Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Tejash Shah: 
A couple of questions from my side. Sameer, store opening has definitely improved 
on QoQ basis, but looking at the target of 200-225, the ask rate from second half 
looks high. So, just wanted to know any insights you can share why we made it the 
second half heavy this year? And what are the chances of us meeting the upper 
end of the target of 225 stores? 

10 
 
 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Tejash, the band is 200-225, it’s hard for me to be so precise, whether we will end 
up at 200 or 225 and obviously, we want to open the stores in the right locations, 
Tejash. If you even see our historical performance, the Q1 is typically slower 
because we are mapping our strategies and we are building the pipeline. As I 
communicated in the last call that the number of ‘23 was an aberration because we 
were getting more organized. You see the pace from ‘23, we moved to 50. I am 
confident that we will definitely be closer to 200 or more than 200 or closer to 225 
in that ballpark where we will end up. The more important thing over there is to 
open stores in the right location with high quality and we are finding enough pipeline 
for Domino’s to do that. 
Tejash Shah: 
Second, in Bengaluru, it has been almost 2 quarters or more than 2 quarters since 
we rolled out (tees se bees)30 to 20 min. Last quarter, you highlighted how the 
SSG in Bengaluru city is trending far higher than our company average. If you can 
share some similar numerical or qualitative insights on consumer experience or 
Total Promoter Score, how everything is panning out in that city? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Not only that but we are also improving or marching towards 20-minutes strategy 
in several other places also which I had shared last time as well. So, wherever we 
get to a certain threshold of 65% to 70% of deliveries under 20 minutes, our like-
for-like growth in those cities are positive. In fact, Tier-1 cities this quarter were 
positive in terms of our like-for-like growth purely on account of a very superior 
deliveries. Despite being the rainy seasons, we were able to deliver one of the best 
performances on delivery this quarter. 
Tejash Shah: 
And last one if I may. We have opened 22 Popeyes stores over 6 cities. Just wanted 
to get some insight on why we are spreading the store count so thin among so 
many cities instead of going deeper into the existing city or state. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
It's not a question of choice for me, it is AND. We have invested in a commissary 
in Bengaluru. In Bengaluru, we have 12 stores. Wherever we are finding 
opportunities, take for example, when we opened in Chennai, we found opportunity 
in Madurai, from Bengaluru, we found opportunities in Manipal and Mysore so we 
are looking at all big towns to cover and completely organize in terms of our 
Business Development pipeline, logistics support, store teams to cover entire 
South India and we will be expanding beyond that too, of course. I don't think that 
it is like we are spreading ourselves thin and we will open stores to cover the entire 
cities. Wherever we find good property which suits our customer profile, we will go 
ahead and make that investment. The important thing to note is whether our 

11 
 
 
customers are liking our offerings and the answer to that question is yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, my first question is on like-for-like average daily sales for matured stores, which 
is positive, but it has come down to 1% compared to the 3% level where it was 
during the last quarter. Any reading out here?  
Sameer Khetarpal: 
This quarter had a few headwinds. Other than that, there is no particular reason. I 
would say that it is not that we did not execute well. But I think the positive side is 
it is growing. It is now in 80,000, which I believe is a good benchmark for the 
category and the industry for the size and the footprint that we have. No particular 
reason to be between 3% or 1%, to be honest. 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, my next question is on the Dine-in segment. I understand the store re-
imagination and faster delivery is helping plus I think the more fine-tuned menu that 
you make through regionalization from kind of shifting regionalization from 4 
structures to 7 structures, etc., that will help to improve SSG, but still, given a 
significant chunk of our revenue from delivery; one simple observation of mine was 
that there is a significant pressure on stores to deliver the product to customers. 
As a consequence, you see a significant amount of, for example, the boxes, etc., 
inside the store, which makes the Dine-in experience relatively not as superior 
compared to Pizza Hut which is also aiming to become a relevant player in the 
value segment where we already belong to. Other than the re-imagination plus 
ACE 2.0 design, regionalization of menu, I just wanted to understand that given 
this both delivery which is our strength but also having a cost of customer 
experience for the Dine-in set of cohort of customers, given this context, when do 
you expect meaningful recovery in Dine-in in our business? Maybe 1 or 2 quarters 
down the line or what should be that green shoot for you; for example, after store 
re-imagination of X level, or how should we read that when a positive or a 
significant meaningful recovery in the Dine-in business for us to happen? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I wish I could mathematically tell you this quarter, this week, this day, this time. I 
will refrain from doing it, but more importantly, whenever we re-imagine, we get 
high double-digit growth in terms of Dine-in. I think some of the things that you are 
pointing out, we have to get sharper on correcting delivery or segregating delivery 
and Dine-in and this is one of the reasons for ACE 2.0 that I alluded to is to 
segregate even sharper. It's not something that we have learned right now. I think 
we are getting better with our designs in this space - 1,200 square feet - we want 

12 
 
 
to operate in. Third, I think the Dine-in also, we are looking at our processes. We 
have constituted a massive mystery audit exercise that we do in the teams. We 
have gone ahead and trained multiple of our restaurant managers and the men 
and women who are at the counter how to upsell, cross-sell, and also serve the 
customers. This is a massive process, not only store design but on multiple levels 
that we are fighting. I am very encouraged by the results that we are seeing by the 
way. While there is a general sentiment leading to lower ticket sizes, I would say 
we have seen the sharpest increase in ticket size actually in Dine-in. That gives 
me the confidence that wherever we are investing behind, we are beginning to see 
results. Unfortunately, it’s hard for me to say it’s in the next quarter or 2 quarters 
later, but let me assure you, it is not also a 5-year program that we are working on. 
Varun Singh: 
And just one last question. Our pace of new city addition, that has also come down 
to kind of 2 or 3 cities since the last maybe 2-3 quarters. Anything to read out over 
here, or do you think that 15 to 16 new city addition is a normal course which may 
be from next quarter onwards? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Firstly, we are reaching 400 cities; we are the most penetrated QSR chain. We are 
not slowing it down purposefully. In fact, we have always been very positively 
surprised by all the new stores in lower tiers, that we opened because we become, 
in some sense, a destination in that city to go to. As we speak over here, our teams 
are in the market scouting for new cities that we need to enter to. We are not 
discriminating against one city versus the other. Our goal remains a certain 
threshold of sales at CAPEX and the store economics model. If that makes sense, 
we will open stores. We are not shying away from opening stores in new cities. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Robert Marshall-Lee from Cusana Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Robert Marshall-Lee: I am just trying to understand the labor cost dynamics as far as it can be operational 
deleverage that you have seen. Are you able to break down what's happened in a 
kind of more like-for-like labor basis and separate it out from new ventures, can 
you give this specific disaggregate the changes in labor cost that we have seen 
over the last couple of years? 
Ashish Goenka: 
If I have got your question right, Robert, you are saying can we deleverage the 
labor cost? 
Robert Marshall-Lee: Yes, as we have seen a lot of operational deleverage below the EBITDA line, from 
the payroll costs in particular and we can see why the depreciation costs have gone 

13 
 
 
up in terms of the investment you have made and so on. But in terms of breaking 
down the cost of the rise of your labor force, could you help to explain why that's 
been so steep? 
Ashish Goenka: 
If you look at a slightly longer-term period, I mean a couple of years, then of course, 
there has been a structural change in our labor cost itself. They have moved to 
more variablized manpower costs. A part of that cost has shifted to manufacturing 
and other costs in the way we report. And therefore, there has been a reclass of 
labor cost into that. But of course, this has been a phenomenon which happened 
almost 6-8 quarters back. So, if you look at a more short-term phenomena, whether 
you are looking at it versus the last quarter or last year, then this structural change 
is not reflected there. What is reflecting there is, of course, the efficiency that we 
have been able to drive in our overall cost structures as part of the Project Vijay 
which Sameer was alluding to earlier. And of course, there has also been a 
headwind on account of the wage inflation. And the third of course, is the 
investment that we have made. It's part of the new structure that we talked about. 
I think if you were to look at it, we have headwinds on account of the fact that we 
have bolstered our regional structure, there is a headwind on account of wage 
inflation and of course, tailwind as we have driven our efficiency harder. 
Robert Marshall-Lee: So, if you were to desegregate that year, what are you seeing on a like-for-like 
store basis in terms of labor inflation? 
Ashish Goenka: 
See, of course the underlying increase in wage costs is in line with the minimum 
wages increases and the salary increases that are in there, which are typically in 
the range of 8% to 9%. And we have not seen any abnormality there and therefore 
we have been able to absorb that, as I said, partly on account of the fact that we 
have been driving higher efficiencies as well. 
Robert Marshall-Lee: And so, what is your expectation from here so given the higher growth that you've 
been seeing in the personal expenses versus other areas, are you expecting that 
to sustain at a high level? 
Ashish Goenka: 
I think we should be able to continue with the levels that we are. There will be some 
pluses and minuses, but I think by and large we will be able to land at the levels 
that we are currently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. Please 
go ahead. 

14 
 
 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir, I just wanted your view on a medium term, let's say over a 5-year period 
averaged out, what do you think strong brand like Domino's could sort of generate 
as a LFL growth? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes. I think it's a question that we model all the time, Percy. So, 5% to 6% growth 
is in the realm. That's what my belief is driven by 3 factors. One is we are multi-
channel or rather Omni channel across Dine-in, carry out, aggregator, our own app 
and we are adding more channels like IRCTC etc. to the same store. So, there is 
enough headroom to grow across channels. Second piece is the use of technology 
mix, debottlenecking of store and with 20-minute delivery, some of these pieces 
also get impetus. And number three is at some point in the future, I'm not saying 
right now, we'll also take calculated price increases, right and therefore together 
with this three, I think anywhere from 5% to 6% is a good number to aspire. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right, sir. And see next quarter anyways, your base becomes favorable. So, 
hopefully if all goes well, your LFL on a YOY number will turn positive, but what I 
wanted to understand is also how this translates to overall growth because 
between LFL and SSSG, there may be a difference of anywhere between 2%-3% 
and then again what happens is that the new stores which you open at a lower 
throughput versus the company average. So, if you're adding number of stores in 
the region of about 10% to 12%, I'm saying let's say averaged over the next 5 years 
or so and there is a 5%-6% LFL, in my calculation that should translate to a 10% 
to 12% kind of an overall sales growth, so would that be sort of in the ballpark of 
what you also have modeled? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Our internal push is to get closer to 15%. That's how we modeled and 5% to 6% of 
LFL and about 12% through network expansion which is new stores and stores not 
yet included in LFL base. If we can get these two, then we get closer to 15%. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. And this would be only on Domino's and what you do on the other stores, 
other formats would be over and above this, right? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Of course, that is correct. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My second question is on the other brands, Hong’s Kitchen and Popeyes. What 
would be your medium-term targets, let's say 5 years out, how many stores would 
you think that Hong’s would have? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So, I think I'll talk about Popeyes right where the model is internationally proven. 
Chicken is a large market and we have a benefit of learning from through the sharp 

15 
 
 
brand proposition and the experience of RBI, which is our partner and who owns 
brand Popeyes. So, therefore we have a good start. We've said that we'll get to 
250 odd stores right in the medium term. On Hong’s, like I did mention that it is 
beating all our internal targets, but I will refrain from giving any such guidance till 
the time I'm comfortable and I've seen the store in multiple locations at a base of 
40 to 45 stores which have been operating for at least 6 months for me to give a 
very sharp answer on that one. So, maybe in a couple of quarters I will be able to 
give you a good answer on Hong’s also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kanodia from Citigroup. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sir, just on Popeyes, right, I just wanted to understand that if you have to take this 
30-store expansion in FY24 to maybe 70-80 stores in FY25 right. What is the 
biggest maybe bottleneck or what's the equation which you're trying to solve? 
Because from a real estate perspective at least my understanding is given that you 
have 1900 Domino’s store, the understanding of real estate market is much better. 
You are already opening 200-220 Domino's stores. So, is it just that the demand 
environment is muted or is it the supply chain? What would be that equation which 
you need to solve if you have to surprise on Popeyes to expand in next year? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I think we have a very strong project execution team which can open 100 stores in 
a quarter and we have delivered those numbers. So, that is not the constraint. I 
think the constraints are 1) the Domino's has a far higher top of the mind awareness 
and recall versus Popeyes, right. So, you have to open stores more in a naturally 
footfall congregating area, so that is one constraint. So, we're very conscious of 
where we open the stores. 2) As we enter the new cities, we also want to open 
larger flagship stores because that's how you build the brand. The best building of 
brand is where customers see a large frontage and they walk into the store. So, 
that will have to rely on that tactic. 3) The supply chain. We use fresh chicken; we 
do in-house marination and all of these require a strong backend food factory and 
logistics to supply at the right temperature. So, those are the constraints, right. I 
think what the good part is we have a good consumer value proposition and 
therefore it is a matter of time to get to the supply chain and also the right store 
location that's where we want to be. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure. That's helpful. And I believe the supply chain will partly get addressed 
through the Bangalore commissary, right, sir? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
For South, it will be Bangalore. Then for North, we will look at Greater Noida facility 

16 
 
 
or some other facility. So, I think it is again like Domino's network is built through 
support from regional commissaries. We will follow the same model and leverage 
the same infrastructure across brands. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
The second bit was on the demand. So, I think during the call, you talked about 2-
3 things. One is that Tier-1 cities are doing relatively better, they kind of reported 
positive like-for-like growth and then also on the last 20-25 days demand if I read 
it correctly, I think what you're saying is on some of the days when you have 
Dussehra or India matches, you are seeing that uptick in demand but the core 
underlying demand which is excluding some of these days continues to remain 
muted. Is that understanding correct and any other differences you see in demand 
that or maybe how big is the difference in demand in say Tier-1, Tier-2 cities versus 
smaller cities? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I was more alluding to the point that we invested behind store densification, delivery 
infrastructure, back of the house processes to improve our delivery credentials and 
performance in Tier-1 cities, which led to positive growth, that was the fundamental 
point I was making. But I think your question is broader. How are we seeing the 
demand especially in light of festive season and World Cup? Like I said on days 
where India is playing, we do see an uptick. We also are able to go inside the 
stadium and actually create big opportunities for serving or taking store inside the 
stadium. So, those pieces are actually working quite well for us. We just got off 
Navratra and the last few days have been good for us. Let me just stop here and 
not give any more color for the current quarter. 
Ashish Kanodia: 
Sure, sir that's helpful. And lastly, we discussed earlier on new product 
development in terms of adding new venues of footfalls within Domino's, while 
pizza is more kind of a meal, how can we add more products? So, just on the new 
product development, I wanted to get a sense, if there is anything in the pipeline to 
kind of add new footfall driver and secondly is when you look at the kitchen 
especially from a Domino's Pizza perspective, the kitchen is much simpler, right? 
So, is the existing infra of Domino’s store network agile enough to add new 
products, that would be the last question? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I call our kitchen a platform where we can launch multiple items. Our core 
oven and a make line is actually very versatile to handle multiple products over 
there, and we've shown that from the same make line and the oven we can produce 
choco lava cake, we can produce garlic bread or a sandwich or a pasta or a 
wonderfully tasting pizzas. So, I would say we are at the moment not thinking of 

17 
 
 
adding any equipment to the store. Having said that, India is a land of opportunities 
and customers are looking for experiences across day parts. We have a good 
pipeline of products internally and this quarter for the first time we launched mutton 
and prawns right into the pizza toppings for each. And we also had Champaran 
mutton, which is a dish in Bihar. So, we'll continue with our themes on many Indias 
or serving local taste. That is one piece. There are other opportunities that the team 
is very actively working on, will be launched in this quarter and in upcoming 
quarters, but we'll announce it once we have launched. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
So, I have just one question on margin. So, if we look at the margins pre COVID, 
we used to do around 16%-17% - pre-Ind-AS-116- and you mentioned the margin, 
let's say in the near term you're modeling at around 15%. And I presume that this 
split stores which may not be a very big factor pre COVID and both Popeyes as 
well as Hong’s Kitchen is an additional stuff. So, I think a few years back you used 
to mention the drag on margins because of newer additions. So, any number would 
you like to give on that front that how much margins is being compromised because 
of these new initiatives plus split stores and this gap of 200 basis points versus pre 
COVID levels. How should one look at it? Thanks. 
Ashish Goenka: 
So, Resham, I think we would not like to put a number in terms of what is the 
investment behind the new opportunities. I think suffice to say that there is no 
incremental basis for an investment that is going into these new brands. And as 
I've said in the past as well that if that number becomes material, of course we will 
come back and make a disclosure, but as of now, they're pretty much in line with 
what we have been doing over the last 2 years. And of course, I think comparing 
margins pre COVID to now, I don't think would be fair because there's so much 
which has happened in between. I think the business structure has changed 
significantly. The cost lines have shifted materially. We have had an 
unprecedented level of inflation over the last couple of years and we are still reeling 
with that. It's not that it has softened. So, I think those margins are not even 
comparable. And of course, we have an operating deleverage in our business given 
the fact that we have been having negative LFL for the last couple of quarters. I 
think a lot has changed in the business pre-COVID to now. The good news is that 
of course even despite the challenges in inflation and operating deleverage, we 
have been able to held on to our EBITDA margin for the last 2 quarters, at the same 
time growing our gross margins. So, things should only improve from here, and as 

18 
 
 
Sameer was also saying that this is despite the fact that we've also made 
investments for growth on our overall regional structure as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Vora from BNP Paribas. 
Please go ahead. 
Kunal Vora: 
My first question is on Cheesy Rewards. So, it's been about 6 quarters since the 
launch and you have hit almost 20 million customers. What percentage of 
customers has actually claimed rewards by ordering more than 6 times and what 
is your assessment of the cost and benefits now? And do you see a need to make 
any adjustments to the program? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, there's always a room to innovate, right? I think firstly for a QSR company in 
India, this is a historic first that we launched a Cheesy Rewards loyalty program 
with full fanfare with the media campaign behind. We also celebrated one year of 
Cheesy Rewards this quarter with the TV campaign. And it just shows that we are 
invested behind this particular program in terms of what it delivers. Nearly half of 
the orders come from customers who have enrolled themselves to this loyalty 
program. And in fact, our new customer addition through the app has been the 
highest. And my fundamental belief is that a lot of this is also word of mouth and 
new customers enrolling on the Cheesy Rewards program and ordering. So, I think 
it's a very positive thing as we see. Customers who have gotten to 6 pies and 
therefore claimed one free pizza are actually the customers where stickiness is 
tremendously high. There will be days or occasions when our service will fail. It 
could be a rain delay, it could be a store shutdown, it could be an oven breakdown. 
There will be days when for a very high frequency customer, one in like say 100 
occasions a service may not be up to the standard. Therefore, these customers 
who claim Cheesy reward as a benefit actually are the most loyal customers. They 
are more forgiving. They understand who we are and have some of the highest 
NPS ratings in our system. So, very satisfied with the program, we will continue to 
see how do we grow this and make this more meaningful to the customers and we 
are learning also from worldwide Domino's, which are also doubling down behind 
this program. 
Ashish Goenka: 
Yes. I'm just saying that on your question on cost and benefit, I think the benefit far 
outweighs the cost because as Sameer was saying, we see reduced churn on 
account of the existing customers. We also see a much higher frequency of the 
customers who are enrolled into the program versus who are not. Also, there was 
a lot of concern when we had launched the program and I remember these earlier 

19 
 
 
calls where there was a fear that our discounts would really go up because of this 
program. But we've demonstrated that we've actually been able to optimize on our 
discount which is reflecting in the gross margin improvement while running the 
program and expanding the program. So, the cost benefit clearly weighs in favour 
of the benefit. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
In fact, this is the best customer to give discount to. So, you are actually sharp 
shooting your discount to customers who are most loyal, who come back, who want 
to give you a larger share of wallet. So, from that perspective, I feel this is the best 
laser sharp shooted discount strategy. 
Kunal Vora: 
If you can share like some insights on how many actually are able to claim because 
of the 20 million and that number was 7 million a year back, is it like 10%-20%, any 
insights which you can provide on how many are actually claiming and what kind 
of expense you're incurring? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
We will refrain from sharing the number, but let me assure you that number is 
significant, right? So that number is quite material and ever growing. 
Kunal Vora: 
Understood. My second and last question is on the growth potential on a 4-year 
CAGR basis, store addition is about 10% like sales CAGR is about 8%, operating 
profit is flat. So, while the longer-term outlook, medium term outlook you mentioned 
like LFL growth can be 5%-6%, store additions can be strong and many of the 
factors which you mentioned is positive were existing even 4 years back. What's 
gone wrong in the last 3-4 years and what's giving confidence that in the next few 
years you can actually get to that 5%-6% LFL and 15% plus growth? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Yes, I think it's a little bit laid out in our strategies. I will not able to do justice to the 
question in this call on fully delayering what happened in last 4 years. I think we 
are opening stores at a faster clip in better locations with higher sales per store for 
the new stores. Our technology assets are beginning to give result. Our conversion, 
monthly app usage, Cheesy rewards program are at an all-time high. Number 
three, we didn't have new brands. And while I always talk about Popeyes, I don't 
talk about the other two for certain reasons but let me just say we have a much 
better portfolio of brands than what we had 4 years ago. And I think this team is far 
stronger, digitally savvy and operationally agile, and we have enough levers like 20 
minutes to kind of grow at a much faster clip than what we have done in the past. 
Kunal Vora: 
Thanks. Just a follow up on this. Would you think the rise of aggregators has given 
way for more unorganized competition and has that played a role? Is that a big 

20 
 
 
reason or you think that's not really a reason for the slow growth? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
No, I don't think so, to be honest. We want to serve customers wherever they go, 
right and that's been our strategy. And whether it's aggregator, we were one of the 
first ones to go on to aggregators in the Domino’s system. We invested far ahead 
versus the competition on our own app and we are improving dine-in experiences. 
We are on IRCTC. So, from that perspective, I think we want to go where customers 
are and these are neighborhood stores which can serve all the consumer needs 
and that's what we are executing on. So, aggregator is a good thing for ecosystem 
and delivery is growing, right. At the end of the day, they've also democratized 
delivery. So, I'm thankful to them for their partnership. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll be able to take one last question. We take the last 
question from the line of Aditya Soman from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Soman: 
So, firstly, just in terms of volume growth, can you give us a sense that pre COVID 
to now, what would be the rough level of volume growth for the company and 
maybe for perspective even for the industry? And the reason I ask that is because 
we've had several moving parts, right. We've got some changes take place 
because of COVID. We've had obviously very sharp inflation and changes in 
pricing. So, I just wanted to understand volume growth at a system level or another 
way to put it if that would be better in just number of pizzas sold? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
We don't give that but let me give you some color. From an order standpoint, this 
was our best quarter ever from the order that we served. Our delivery order volume 
has been one of the best in this quarter in a long time, when I look back 4 or 5 
quarters. So, from that perspective, it should give you color that the volume growth 
is real for us and we invested behind this particular growth 4 quarters ago by 
launching our value range of pizzas or relaunching our value range of pizzas at 49 
etc. So, all of these, we are confident that along with the commissary model, we 
will stand for value and stand for great taste and fastest delivery when it comes to 
ordering at your home or your workplace, so volume growth continues to be strong. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand. And just to follow up on that. So, when you talk about sort of some 
pressure on ticket prices overall, we are not specifically for this quarter, but in 
general I think would it be fair to assume that part of it is just or is it people 
consuming smaller pizzas or lower value pizzas which is the way to think of it? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
So, I think ticket size is yes, customers have chosen to downgrade from a large to 
medium or medium to regular. We do see that trend. But volumetrically the items 

21 
 
 
or quantities per order is not degrowing, right. So, they are still consuming the same 
amount of number of items, but they're choosing a lower price for each item which 
actually works for us to be very honest in the current demand environment that at 
least we are retaining our customers. We're growing the customer base, and their 
frequency continues to grow. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand, very clearly. So, just to be clear, we have higher total number of 
orders, lower order value because people are ordering lower value pizzas, not 
necessarily less pizza. Would that be right? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
That's correct. And also like I said, the decline in ticket size has also been arrested 
and we have grown on the ticket size for the last 2 quarters. 
Aditya Soman: 
Understand and would this be an industry phenomenon, or this is something that 
is specific to Domino’s? 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
I will wait for others to declare the result and compare notes, so we believe that it 
is our use of technology data and our processes, but I'll wait to for others to declare 
their results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll take that as the last question. 
Sameer Khetarpal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Jubilant FoodWorks Limited, that concludes the conference. Thank 
you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect your lines. 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
 
