 
BARBEQUE-NATION HOSPITALITY LIMITED 
Registered & Corporate Office: “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, Varthur 
Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru-560035, Karnataka, India. T: +91 8069134900,  
E-mail: corporate@barbequenation.com, CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 www.barbequenation.com 
Date: November 11, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543283 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra, Kurla Complex, 
Bandra East, Mumbai – 400051 
 
Scrip Symbol: BARBEQUE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on November 6, 2023 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the 
transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Monday, November 6, 2023 at 6:00 PM (IST), 
post announcement of financial results of the Company for quarter and six months ended 
September 30, 2023. The audio recording of the said Earnings Conference Call and Transcript 
of the same are also available on the Company’s website at www.barbequenation.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited  
 
  
 
 
Nagamani C Y 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No: A27475 
 
Encl.: As above 
NAGAM
ANI C Y
Digitally signed by 
NAGAMANI C Y 
Date: 2023.11.11 
17:21:23 +05'30'

1 | Barbeque Nation 
 
 
 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
 
Earnings Conference Call 
Q2 FY2024 
 
Nov 6, 2023 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Kayum Dhanani – Managing Director 
Rahul Agrawal – Chief Executive Officer & Whole Time Director 
Amit Betala – Chief Financial Officer 
Bijay Sharma – Head of Investor Relations  
 
Moderator: 
 
Viraj Sanghvi – Ambit Capital 
 
 
 

           4, 2021 
2 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Barbeque Nation 
Hospitality Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Ambit 
Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Viraj Sanghvi from Ambit Capital. 
Thank you and over to you Mr. Viraj Sanghvi. 
Viraj Sanghvi: 
Thanks, Malcolm. Good evening, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call of Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited. 
From the management, we have with us Mr. Kayum Dhanani – Managing 
Director, Mr. Rahul Agrawal – CEO and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Amit 
Betala – CFO and Mr. Bijay Sharma – Head of Investor Relations. 
Before we begin the presentation, I would like to remind you that some of 
the statements made in this conference call by the Company may be 
forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly 
refer to the Earnings Presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
I now hand over the conference to Mr. Kayum Dhanani. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Kayum Dhanani: 
Thank you. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I take the pleasure 
in welcoming you to Q2 FY24 Conference Call of Barbeque Nation. 
While the demand environment continues to remain challenging, we see 
improvement on a sequential basis specifically versus the lows of Q4 
FY23.  
During H1 FY24, our operating revenues were flat at Rs. 626 crores. 
Operating revenues declined by 2.8% y-o-y in Q2FY24 due to the impact 
of increased number of vegetarian days in the second quarter. This 
specifically impacted dine-in demand in our business as compared to the 

           4, 2021 
3 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
previous years. Our dine-in revenues were lower by 5% during the quarter 
and lower by 2% during H1. Our delivery revenue remained strong with a 
growth of 11% during the quarter and 12% during H1 FY 24. 
During the quarter, we opened four new restaurants which included two 
restaurants in Barbeque Nation India, one in Toscano, and one in 
Barbeque Nation in International Business. We closed 4 restaurants 
during the period resulting in the network of 212 restaurants.  
In our core Barbeque Nation India business, our focus during the year has 
been to increase capacity utilization rather than addition of new stores. We 
were focused on rationalizing the existing network through market 
consolidation in  few trade areas, and exited few underperforming tier two 
and tier three markets. We also launched our first ‘Fiesta’ restaurant in 
Kolkata, which has seen encouraging initial response. Our Toscano 
business has grown at 20% versus the previous year with a strong 
operating margin. Similarly, our Barbeque Nation International Business 
also continues to do well with over 25% year-on-year revenue growth and 
a strong operating margin.  
In October 2023, we also completed the acquisition of 53% stake in Blue 
Planet Foods, which operates a-la-carte pan Indian cuisine restaurant 
under the brand name of ‘Salt’. The customer segment catered by the 
brand is similar to Toscano, and we believe both brands will complement 
each other well.  
We believe that the demand environment has bottomed out, which is 
evident from the sequential improvement that we experienced in Quarter 
1. Also, our revenue run rate per outlet in Q2 this year was better than Q4 
FY23, which is a seasonal stronger quarter. 
Our medium to long term growth now remains intact. We remain focused 
on driving SSSG growth for Barbeque-Nation India Business and 
expansion led growth for other businesses. Moreover, the launch of 
‘Fiesta’ and acquisition of ‘Salt’ has resulted in the additional levers of 
growth for us. In the near term, our focus is on network rationalization and 
therefore our pace of network expansion will remain slow. Our portfolio 

           4, 2021 
4 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
rationalization initiatives will be completed by end of the year, and we 
anticipate in increasing our network expansion pace by early next year.  
For the last five years we have diversified from a single brand focus to a 
diversified food services company with a strong and scalable brand across 
all you can eat, a-la-carte and delivery segment. We endeavor to grow 
each of these brands to reach sizable scale which is aligned to India 
growth story. 
With this, now I hand over to Raul to take you through the performance 
during the year. Thank you very much. Over to you Rahul. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you Kayum. Good evening, everyone. The Company delivered an 
operating revenue of Rs. 626 crores in H1 FY24 and Rs. 302 crores in 
quarter two FY24. As compared to the previous year, the operating 
revenues were flat in H1 and registered a decline of 2.8% during Q2. Our 
dine-in revenue for the quarter declined by 4.9% to Rs. 258 crores. Our 
delivery revenue recorded a strong year-on-year growth of 11.3% to reach 
Rs. 44 crores. Delivery sales accounted for 14.5% of the total revenue 
during the quarter.  
Same store sales growth for the quarter was negative 10.7% compared to 
last year, predominantly due to high number of vegetarian days during the 
quarter compared to the previous year. During the four months of July to 
October around 76% of the period as against normally 50% was spread 
over days where non-veg consumption is not preferred in India.  
Matured restaurant portfolio reported an annualized revenue per 
restaurant of Rs. 6.1 crore during the quarter with a restaurant operating 
margin of 13.3%. We noticed same store sales growth decline in this 
portfolio. New restaurant portfolio reported an annualized revenue per 
restaurant of Rs. 4.7 crore, with restaurant operating margins of 5%. With 
increase in average aging of new restaurant, the revenue run rate and 
operating margins of this portfolio improved on year-on-year basis.  
Gross margin for the quarter was 65.9%, an improvement of 200 basis 
points on sequential basis, was in-line with our historical trends. 
Consolidated reported EBITDA for the period was Rs. 48.6 crore with 
margin of 16.1%. Our pre-IndAS adjusted EBITDA for the period was Rs. 

           4, 2021 
5 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
17.7 crore with a margin of 5.9%. The EBITDA margins remained relatively 
flat compared to Q1 FY24, despite around 7% sequential decline in 
operating revenues. We were able to restrict the impact of operating 
leverage and retain our margins due to improvement in gross margins, 
portfolio rationalization and various cost control initiatives undertaken over 
the last few quarters.  
Our restaurant network as of 30th September 2023 stood at 212 
restaurants. This included 188 Barbeque-Nation India restaurants, 8 
Barbeque Nation International restaurants and 16 restaurants of Toscano. 
During the quarter we added four new restaurants which included two 
Barbeque Nation restaurants in India, one Toscano and one Barbeque-
Nation internationals. We also closed 4 restaurants during the quarter.  
Over last two quarters, we had calibrated store expansion in our Barbeque 
Nation India business, and were focused on increasing capacity utilization 
of existing stores. We focused on rationalizing existing portfolio through 
market consolidation and exiting few unprofitable tier two & tier three 
markets. Over the period of last 12 months, we have consolidated some 
of our matured trade areas and closed 12 restaurants in these trade areas. 
While overall revenues have shrunk due to closure of these restaurants, 
our overall restaurant operating margins increased by upwards of 10 
percentage points and the remaining restaurants also registered 
encouraging same store sales growth. The absolute operating profits have 
also been higher in these trade areas. Similarly, over the past one year, 
we have cumulatively exited seven restaurants in tier two & tier three 
markets. We continue to operate 50 restaurants in tier two & tier three 
markets and have noticed improved performance in overall portfolio. We 
have another six restaurants under watch in our network rationalization 
plan, and we may decide to exit these in H2. This brings us to the end of 
our rationalization plan.  
During the quarter we launched our first ‘Fiesta’ restaurant in Kolkata. 
Fiesta is a multi-cuisine all-you-can-eat format with a vibrant and youthful 
interiors. The band retains the core attributes of ‘Barbeque Nation’ through 
its focus on value, experience and service.  

           4, 2021 
6 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
The network rationalization strategy coupled with cost control measures 
has helped us to retain our margins sequentially despite being a 
seasonally weak quarter. We anticipate the benefits of these initiatives to 
further enhance our margins in the coming seasonally stronger quarters. 
We also continue to invest in enhancing guest experience through culinary 
developments as well as restaurant upgrades. During the first half, we 
have completely renovated four of our existing restaurants, relocated two 
restaurants in the same trade area, and also undertook a minor 
refurbishment across 10 of our restaurants.  
The performance of Toscano remains strong with year-on-year revenue 
growth of over 20% in Q2 FY24. During the year we have already added 
two new stores to the portfolio and three stores are in pipeline, which are 
expected to launch this fiscal year. In our Toscano business, the focus 
would be expansion led growth coupled with maintaining same store sales 
growth.  
International Business also continued its strong performance with year-on-
year revenue growth of over 25%. During the year we have added two new 
restaurants in the portfolio. Our focus would be to enhance capacity 
utilization of these newly opened restaurants and ensure that they reach 
to optimal levels faster.  
The delivery business continue to grow both on year-on-year and 
sequential basis. Growth in our delivery vertical was driven by volume 
growth for UBQ, coupled with increased penetration of our Briyani brand 
‘Dum Safar’. We have also added an additional level of growth with 
acquisition of brand ‘Salt’. Currently it operates six stores and another two 
are under construction which are expected to launch during this fiscal. The 
focus for this brand would be expansion led growth along with maintaining 
same store sales growth for existing assets.  
Going ahead, we remain cautiously optimistic that various initiatives 
undertaken by us coupled with upcoming seasonally strong quarters would 
help deliver strong growth and improve our margins. 
Thank you, with this we can open the session for Q&A. 

           4, 2021 
7 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Harit Kapoor from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
I just had two or three questions. The first one was on the store expansion. 
If I look at, we will be going through 212 to 220, and probably closing five 
or six also in the process. That would be like a 14-store addition and with 
three or four being non- Barbeque probably 8 to 10 kind of stores in 
Barbeque for the second half. Assuming that, next year we don’t have any 
closures because we would be done with it by then. Would that be a gross 
run rate to look, like a 20 odd store expansion or is it still too early to kind 
of finalize at FY25 plan? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
When we say 220 by end of the year, we also include Salt that will start 
consolidating in our numbers from quarter three onwards, which is six 
restaurants currently. Like we mentioned, today we have around four 
brands that we can grow. Toscano will have around three, international we 
don’t have any pipeline currently, Salt again will have another two-three. 
And in Barbeque-Nation, we have around five restaurants in under 
construction/under pipeline. But when all these put together, including 
some closures, we expect the network to be around 220 by the end of the 
year. Next year again, my guess is we will be in the range of between 25 
to 35 restaurants, which will be a mix across all these four brands which is 
Barbeque-Nation, Fiesta, Toscano and Salt.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it, thank you. The second question is on Fiesta. If you just kind of 
explain what kind of customer set are you looking at, why you felt that 
there was another need of all-you-can-eat kind of format, and is it just a 
fact that this is a lower price point, did you feel there was a kind of ASP 
issue at Barbeque and that you could use to another price point, if you 
could just give some thoughts on why Fiesta? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We are just capturing the entire food services market and specifically all-
you-can-eat food services market at a different price point. There’s some 
difference in cuisines, Barbeque-Nation cuisine is more tilted towards high 
protein items, like seafood prawns, and also Indian cuisine, this is pretty 
much multi cuisine and address a different segment, we don’t have live 
grill on the table, which also reduces the cost of CAPEX in the segment as 

           4, 2021 
8 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
of now. And the menus have been also suited to give a different option to 
the same Barbeque Nation customers or also look at opportunities to grow 
in some of the tier one and metro markets that we are in. The initial 
response from the first store for two months has been very encouraging. 
And we’ll wait for maybe a couple of quarters to look at how this unfolds 
and then can take it forward. But currently we also under process of 
looking at opening two Fiesta’s this year. 
Harit Kapoor:  
Got it. And the third question was on the demand side. We did mention 
obviously this has been a unique year where some of those days have 
been lower. I would understand that even October would have been 
challenging. Anything to suggest that, maybe the second half of October 
or early November, has seen an improvement in growth, because you 
have not have more than two weeks of data to kind of talk about it, but just 
wanted to get your sense on? 
Rahul Agrawal:  
During the Shradh and Navaratra, which are vegetarian days, the business 
was slow, but post that two weeks have been very good. But I will not jump 
to make any conclusion in such a short timeframe. We should wait for 
maybe November to go and see how this improves. But just to answer this, 
the two weeks have been good for us. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Last question was on the margin side, so would it be fair to assume that 
given that you have shut down the stores, and that driven at least 
maintaining sequential margins versus in spite of a lower growth, would 
the shutting down of stores or the mix would have been the key factor 
driving?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes, one is that and also improvement in the gross margin. And there are 
some cost initiatives that we have taken both at the front end and at the 
back-end level. It’s a mix of all three, and if you look at the history of our 
Company, quarter two has been one of the lowest margin period for us, 
but if you look at over the period of last three quarters, maintaining those 
margins, and in fact gradual marginal increase on this is very encouraging 
for us.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from 
Dimensional Securities. Please go ahead.  

           4, 2021 
9 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Harsh Shah: 
My first question is on gross margin. Was it aided by lower cost of supplies 
or has it has to do something with better realization and a follow up would 
be, what would be the trend in realization going ahead, I believe the 
discounts had pulled our realizations quite a bit in last few quarters. Sir, 
what is the trend we are expecting from here on? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It’s both, the bigger one is increase in realization. If you remember, in 
Quarter 1 we have done some aggressive promotions which reduced our 
gross margins but those discontinued in quarter two and it started to 
improve. Secondly, we’ve also seen softening also for input cost, mostly 
meat items which has  reduced in terms of cost. We got some benefit also 
on prawns, fish this quarter. The gross margin impact has been mix of 
both. Going forward, we don’t intend to increase our prices we’ll remain at 
where we are, while we have some projects undergoing in terms of cost 
initiatives, but I feel comfortable that gross margins would be pretty much 
around 66% that we have been reporting for quite a few quarters now. 
Harsh Shah: 
And have we removed the discounting that we were doing during Q4 and 
Q1 or some impact is still there in Q2 numbers? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Q2 numbers have usual levels of promotions and offers going on, we 
typically don’t do significant discounting but in order to attract demand at 
different day parts or different weekdays or weekends we tweak our pricing 
in different markets. Q2 doesn’t have any abnormal discounting, or some 
of these tweaking. 
Harsh Shah: 
Got it. And next question is on the opposite behavior trends that we are 
seeing between dine-in and delivery, because I believe having more 
vegetarian days will impact both these so, just wanted to understand that 
if it’s a stark contrast because dine-in is down by 5% almost, delivery is up 
quite a bit. And even between matured and new stores our matured 
portfolio fared poorly, SSSG was negative 7%, 8% while new stores did 
relatively well, so just want to understand this contrasting behavior. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
For Barbeque-Nation, our dine-in business is a very group oriented, 
celebration oriented brand. Be it in terms of our average group size is 
approximately five right now. When a plan is being made, and the group 
somebody follows strictly these vegetarian days then it gets tilted towards 

           4, 2021 
10 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
maybe individual consumption or a-la-carte sort of space or something. 
And Barbeque-Nation is also pretty prominently known for non-vegetarian 
so, that does impact dine-in business. On delivery, we also coming off from 
a very small base or lower base in the previous financial year otherwise, 
on delivery we have seen a decent growth pretty much across both our 
brands which is Dum Safar and UBQ. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mythili Balakrishnan from 
Alchemy Capital Management Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Mythili Balakrishnan: Couple of questions. One is, if you could help us understand whether the 
SSSG trends were different across the different formats that we have, for 
example Toscano or others just wanted to get a sense, is there any 
difference between what we are seeing in the core Barbeque versus the 
others? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Toscano is positive at lower single digit, International also is positive again 
at lower single digit and Barbeque-Nation India business is negative 
overall. Delivery SSSG is positive. And in India also, specifically north and 
west have done better than south. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: Got it. Also, to get a sense of the OCF if you could help us understand the 
pre-IndAS OCF for the first half of the how we have fared on that front? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Overall, we have around Rs. 42 crores of operating cash flow in the first 
half, this is after accounting for lease rents. 
Mythili Balakrishnan: And in terms of the improvement that we have seen in the margin 
especially for the new outlets, just wanted to get a sense from you of, is 
this a function of the aging of them or is it a function also that even the new 
ones that you have opened are sort of performing well? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
It’s a function of aging specifically, also what happens is, when you add 
the new restaurants during the quarter, there’s a gap from those new 
restaurants. So, those gaps, as we are not opening up many more in over 
the period of the last two quarters, those drags are also not there. So, as 
the existing portfolio that we opened up, maybe two, three quarters back, 
there by aging are naturally doing better. 

           4, 2021 
11 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Mythili Balakrishnan: Got it. But just to also get a sense of the movement in those restaurants 
or sort of operating performance change, which is happening in those 
restaurants. Is it different from our past experience or is it the same in line 
with that for the new restaurants? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, it’s pretty similar. Some of the new ones that we opened up in, say 
malls, they are doing much better right from the beginning and some of 
the new ones that we opened up in say tier one or tier two markets in High 
Street sites, they have a natural path of increasing as their age increases. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Giriraj Daga from Visaria 
Family Trust. Please go ahead. 
Giriraj Daga: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. First, you mentioned 220 
numbers that was including Blue Planet, because you mentioned that we 
would open roughly net four restaurant in the next two quarters, and we 
will end the year with the 220? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
220 is including Blue Planet, six stores of Blue Planet.  
Giriraj Daga: 
Okay. So, we our looking at the end of the year with a 220 kind of a 
number, right?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes.  
Giriraj Daga: 
Last year, we had a gross profit of about Rs. 818 - 819 crore. We had a 
EBITDA of Rs. 127 crore. So, the overhead cost was about Rs. 690 crore. 
This year, first half number we are growing that overhead number by about 
4%, 5%, so we are probably likely to end that year roughly about Rs. 730 
crore kind of a number? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Right. 
Giriraj Daga: 
Now I’m saying, again let say we are not growing or not opening new 
restaurant. The base number of 730 crore should be how much in FY25, 
should it take 5% growth, should it take 8% growth, should it take 10% 
cost inflation there? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
In FY25? 

           4, 2021 
12 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Giriraj Daga: 
Yes. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
At the same base without any new expansion our inflation numbers would 
be anywhere between 3% to 4%. Now, this doesn’t assume any variable 
linked cost that are in these cost structures. For example, we also pay an 
incentive at the outlet level which is linked to the sales. So, if sale number 
grow, then those incentives will also grow. But otherwise, in terms of my 
fixed cost, which is rent, manpower, all these high cost items, the inflation 
will not be more than 3% - 4% next year.  
Giriraj Daga: 
Okay. And second assuming let say this incentive billing will be above 
certain level of SSSG right?  
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. It’s a certain percentage of the top line.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Manasvi Shah from ICICI 
Prudential AMC. Please go ahead. 
Manasvi Shah: 
So, my first question is about the multiple new formats that we have started 
or have acquired, does this in any way reflect a reduced confidence on our 
core format which is Barbeque Nation and hence, the need to diversify and 
do multiple formats across brands. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we don’t look it that way. If you look at a five-year journey, and not the 
recent two quarter journey, like we also mentioned five years back our core 
India dine-in business, which you are referring as core was around 97%, 
which today is around 72%. And even the beginning of the year was 
around 75%. Very consciously since last five years, we are incrementally 
adding areas of growth in a very cautious manner and seeing what can 
help us to grow. While we had initial setbacks in our international business 
but for a period of last three years, our international business has been 
delivering very good results, and we are very cautious about how to grow 
it year-on-year at an upwards of 20% growth rate. Similarly, we did that 
with Toscano, year-on-year this business has been growing 25%. We are 
never saying that we will grow this business at 100% growth rate but 
cautiously growing it at say upwards of 20% and I expect that this will 
continue in the same format for another five years. Similarly, Salt, which is 
also managed by one of the founders of Toscano, came as a natural 
extension. And in the current avatar also out of six Salt, four are actually 

           4, 2021 
13 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
correlated with Toscano. We got a right opportunity to look at consolidating 
that business with Toscano. And that’s when we went ahead with that. And 
as we find sites for Toscano, and maybe take it from being a Bangalore 
brand to other locations, we’ll also do it for Salt. Importantly, the business 
was very good, the customer feedback was very good, the pricing was 
right for us, and we took that decision. On other formats, Dum Safar has 
been a natural extension to our core capabilities of serving Biryani for 17 
years, that business itself we started almost a year back today on run rate 
basis, that’s upwards of around Rs. 30 odd crores, I see a lot of potential 
in that brand, we are experimenting it with an offline model, we’ll see how 
it performs and then maybe speed up that. And Fiesta is just a different 
twist to what our learning’s have been over the years in Barbeque Nation. 
In nutshell, we are not doing this because our belief on Barbeque Nation 
brand has come down. What we are saying that the market opportunity is 
there for Barbeque Nation. But given our current response of the market, 
it’s better to not expand Barbeque Nation brand so aggressively and 
consolidate yourself. And once we believe that this has come to the 
expected levels of where we have delivered in terms of revenue per store 
margins, we will obviously also go and start expanding Barbeque Nation 
brand. 
Manasvi Shah: 
Okay. a follow up on this, what are the synergy benefits that you think you 
can draw out of your core business into this new entity, and the second is, 
any constraint or any changes required to ensure that management 
bandwidth is not an issue? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
You are specifically speaking about Toscano and Salt, Toscano has been 
part of our Company now for more than three years, they are very 
exceptional set of operating teams and they run day-to-day operations. 
And we at Barbeque Nation given that we have very strong backend 
structure be it in term of site development, IT, HR, Finance, we provide all 
the required backend support to help them grow and move from just a 
single city in Bangalore to multiple cities. Similar structure will also be 
followed on Salt. So, this is very well integrated in our in our system now. 
And it doesn’t take additional bandwidth of the Barbeque Nation team. 
Manasvi Shah: 
And like in Barbeque Nation, one of the reasons for success has also been 
that you’ve been able to standardize food and operation quite a bit and 

           4, 2021 
14 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
hence it was relatively easy to scale up in multiple parts of the country. Is 
a similar thing possible with Salt? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Yes. At Barbeque Nation also it has been a journey over last 10 years. As 
we moved from 20 stores to 200 odd stores, give or take, we kept on 
improving ourselves. The advantage that both Toscano and Salt will get is 
some of these learning’s which can be applied as they also grow. So, today 
if you ask me at the current scale that they are in, that can be very well 
managed with the existing culinary team that we have. But as we start 
expanding, and as the management bandwidth dilutes of the top operation 
culinary team, we will obviously move towards standardization like we 
have done in Barbeque Nation. In that journey, the learnings from path 
which Barbeque Nation has already taken will only help both the brands.  
Manasvi Shah: 
Okay. Just one last question from my side. Any other acquisition, on the 
card from a medium term perspective say two to three year? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, we are evaluating a few but nothing at a stage where we need to come 
and discuss that with you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living 
Root Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Sir I just wanted to know what is the amount of revenue mix that we are 
looking to split between dine-in and delivery in the future? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
We are currently at around 15% that ratio hover around the same number. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And I missed the number, how many stores are we planning to open 
next year, and could you also give the split between Toscano, Barbeque-
Nation, and International? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
In the range of 25 to 35 and as of now it’s very difficult to give the split. But 
broadly, international, I don’t think would be more than three. And between 
Toscano, Salt and Barbeque Nation we would have remaining done. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And, as we are adding new brands under our portfolio, are we 
looking forward to reduce our reliance on Barbeque-Nation? 

           4, 2021 
15 | Barbeque Nation 
 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
Rahul Agrawal: 
No, we are not looking to reduce our reliance. Barbeque Nation is a very 
strong brand Rs. 1,000+ crore plus revenues brand in the country, it does 
well, the feedbacks are great. What we are only saying is that, today the 
time is not to just invest more in adding more stores, the time is to try and 
utilize the capacity that you have already put in and maximize the 
revenues from those existing assets, which in turn obviously will flow down 
to your margin. That is the short-term plan. But on the medium to long 
term, not opening of Barbeque Nation restaurant doesn’t mean that we 
believe that opportunity is dead. In our journey when we were 70 outlets, 
we had a period where we slowed down the growth and then obviously 
restarted it and got it to 200 levels over the period of next five years. So, 
it’s a phase which is what is the conscious call taken by us to go slow in 
the expansion of Barbeque Nation India Business. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. So, in the future in the long-term basis, what kind of revenue 
contribution do we see the other brands giving to the top line. Is there a 
specific range in mind or so? 
Rahul Agrawal: 
So, each of these brands are having their own growth trajectory. My belief 
is that, given the base at which Toscano, Salt and international business 
is at, they should growth at upwards of 20% and at Barbeque Nation level 
given the base is high it will grow slower, but I would wait for the next two 
quarters to pass. Let’s see how the demand pans out over next two 
quarters and then look at it. What I’m clearly saying is that the focus has 
been margins, very thrilled to see gradual improvement in margins, even 
though it’s marginal in a very seasonally weak quarter and we are just 
sticking onto that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now 
hand the conference over to the management for the closing comments. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Rahul Agrawal: 
Thank you all for joining and we look forward to see you again in the next 
quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Ambit Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 

   4, 2021 
16 | Barbeque Nation 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Limited 
Earnings Transcript 
Q2 FY2024 
For further information, please contact 
Bijay Sharma 
Head of Investor Relations 
Barbeque-Nation Hospitality Ltd. 
+91 8069134900
Investor@barbequenation.com
Note: This transcript has been edited to improve readability and is not a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
 “Saket Callipolis”, Unit No. 601 & 602, 6th Floor, Doddakannalli Village, 
Varthur Hobli, Sarjapur Road, Bengaluru - 560035, Karnataka, India 
CIN: L55101KA2006PLC073031 
Website: www.barbequenation.com 
Cautionary Statement: This release contains statements that contain “forward looking statements” including, but without 
limitation, statements relating to the implementation of strategic initiatives, and other statements relating to barbeque 
Nation’s future business developments and economic performance. While these forward-looking statements indicate our 
assessment and future expectations concerning the development of our business, a number of risks, uncertainties and other 
unknown factors could cause actual developments and results to differ materially from our expectations. These factors 
include, but are not limited to, general market, macro-economic, governmental and regulatory trends, movements in 
currency exchange and interest rates, competitive pressures, technological developments, changes in the financial 
conditions of third parties dealing with us, legislative developments, and other key factors that could affect our business and 
financial performance. Barbeque Nation undertakes no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect 
future / likely events or circumstances. 
