 
 
Coromandel International Limited 
‘Coromandel House’, 1-2-10, Sardar Patel Road, 
Secunderabad - 500 003, Telangana, India. 
Tel: 91-40-6699 7300 / 6699 7500 Fax: 91-40-2784 4117 
E-mail: mail@coromandel.murugappa.com 
CIN: L24120TG1961PLC000892 
Website: www.coromandel.biz 
Ref. No: 2023-24/087 
 
November 03, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: COROMANDEL 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 506395 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Subject 
: 
Transcript of conference call held on October 27, 2023 
This is further to our letter dated October 19, 2023 on the subject. 
 
In this regard, we write to inform that the transcript of the Conference Call held on October 27, 2023 has been 
uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.coromandel.biz/investors/investor-call-transcripts/ 
as required pursuant to Regulation 46(2)(oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015. 
 
We request you to take this record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Coromandel International Limited 
 
 
 
 B. Shanmugasundaram  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
BALASUBRAMANIAN 
SHANMUGASUNDAR
AM
Digitally signed by 
BALASUBRAMANIAN 
SHANMUGASUNDARAM 
Date: 2023.11.03 16:56:31 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Coromandel International Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RANJIT CIRUMALLA - IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MRS. 
JAYASHREE 
SATAGOPAN 
– 
PRESIDENT 
- 
CORPORATE 
AND 
CHIEF 
FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
– 
COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
MR. SANKARASUBRAMANIAN S – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
- NUTRIENT BUSINESS – COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL 
LIMITED 
DR. 
RAGHURAM 
DEVARAKONDA 
– 
EXECUTIVE 
DIRECTOR - CPC, BIO AND RETAIL BUSINESS – 
COROMANDEL INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
of Coromandel International Limited, hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now handover the conference to Mr. 
Ranjit Cirumalla from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Cirumalla. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Thank you, Michell. Good afternoon all. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I welcome you all to 
Coromandel International Q2 FY2024 earnings call. Today we have with us Mrs. Jayashree 
Satagopan, President, Corporate and CFO, Mr. Sankarasubramanian S., Executive Director - 
Nutrient Business, and Dr. Raghuram Devarakonda, Executive Director – CPC, Bio and 
Retail Business. I will now invite Mrs. Jayashree Satagopan to share opening remarks and 
details on financial performance post which we will have a Q&A session. Thank you and 
over to you, ma'am. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Good afternoon everyone, and thank you, Ranjit, for organizing the conference call. Let me 
first give an overview of the business environment experienced during the quarter, followed 
by the company's performance and then we can have the Q&A session. 
 
As far as the global economy is concerned, it continues to recover slowly and as per IMF’s 
latest projections, global growth is expected to be approximately 3% in 2023 versus 3.5% in 
the previous year. Energy and fertilizer prices have started moving up from September 
onwards due to the demand and supply mismatch. 
 
India continues to show resilience, supported by robust domestic demand, strong public 
infrastructure investment, and a strengthening financial sector. IMF has revised India's GDP 
growth upwards by 0.2% to 6.3% in 2023. 
 
During this quarter tax collection remains buoyant and retail inflation eased to a three month 
low in September, at around 5%. 
 
On the agriculture side, India experienced below normal Southwest monsoon with the 
country receiving 6% low rainfall compared to the long period average. There was significant 
variability across regions and time periods, with India receiving record low rainfall in August 
followed by surplus in September. The overall crop sowing area remained around last year's 
level with acreage increase in paddy coarse cereals and sugar cane, and a decrease in pulses 
and cotton. 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
Among our key operating markets, crop sowing in Andhra got impacted while Telangana, 
Karnataka, Maharashtra and Bengal were close to normal levels. The All India reservoir level 
stand at 92% of long period average with the southern region at around 64%. IMD has 
forecasted a normal Northeast monsoon, which is likely to improve the irrigation prospects 
for the southern markets. 
 
On the policy update, the government has recently announced the NBS rates for the second-
half of FY2024. With the decline in raw material prices over the last six months, a steep 
reduction in the nutrient rates has been undertaken. The MSP for upcoming Rabi season has 
been declared with a 3% to 7% increase taken across the commodities. The government has 
maintained the criteria of fixing the MSP at least 1.5 times of the all India weighted average 
cost of production. There has been strong impetus from the government for drone adoption 
and the industry players have been encouraged for promoting drone based spraying 
applications for agriculture through women self-help groups. 
 
On the fertilizer industry performance, the fertilizer raw material prices remained soft and 
stable during the first half of the year, but has started moving up from August onwards due 
to supply side issues. For the kharif season phosphatic industry has performed well, 
improving its primary sales by around 11%. The overall industry PoS consumption has also 
moved up by around 24%.  
 
For the quarter, DAP plus complex fertilizer, industry’s primary sales volume was up by 19%, 
77.2 lakh metric ton in the current year vis-à-vis 64.6 lakh metric ton in the previous year. 
For DAP and complex fertilizer, industry’s consumption indicated by POS sales volume in 
the current year is 90.2 lakh metric tons vis-à-vis 67.2 lakh metric tons in the previous year.  
 
On a year to date basis, DAP and complex fertilizer industries primary sales volume was at 
132.1 lakh metric tons vis-à-vis 119.1 lakh metric tons last year. 
 
On the consumption, which is indicated by the POS sales, volume is 128.2 lakh metric tons 
in current year vis-à-vis 103.7 in the previous year. 
 
Let me come to Coromandel's performance. Coromandel displayed a resilient performance 
in a challenging business environment, sustaining its profitability and improving its working 
capital position during the quarter. The company's key operating markets were impacted by 
sub normal monsoon affecting the agri inputs off take. 
 
Company’s Nutrient and Allied businesses focused on the nutrient consumption during the 
quarter. Lower primary sales by about 7% and fall in subsidy rates resulted in decline in the 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
segment revenue during the quarter. However, stable RM prices coupled with backward 
integration benefits resulted in margins remaining comparable with last year’s levels. 
 
On the sales front, the business registered a sales volume of about 11.6 lakh metric tons during 
the quarter compared to last year's of 12.4 lakh metric tons. On a year-to-date basis, sales 
volume is about 20.2 lakh metric tons vis-à-vis 19.7 lakh metric tons in the previous year. 
Company's market share in Q2 is about 15% and for half year is 15.2%. Last year comparable 
was 19.2 in Q2 and 16.5 for the half year. 
 
 SSP Q2 sales was at 2.1 lakh metric ton versus 2.4 lakh metric tons last year and half year 
sales is about 3.9 lakh metric ton versus 4 lakh metric tons last year. Market share for the 
quarter went up to 17.1% from 16.5% last year. On a year-to-date basis, the market share has 
gone up to 15.3% from 14.3% in the previous year. 
 
 During the quarter, our DAP and complex fertilizer plants operated at about 86% of the 
capacity. Phos acid production during the quarter was similar to last year’s level. 
 
During the quarter, the business commissioned its state-of-the-art sulfuric acid plant at 
Visakhapatnam with a capacity of about 1650 tons per day with an investment of 
approximately Rs 400 Crores to improve its backward integration capabilities. With this, 
Coromandel sulfuric acid capacity will increase to 11 lakh tons per annum from 6 lakh tons 
per annum, supporting its requirements towards downstream processes involving phosphoric 
acid and phosphatic fertilizer production. The plant is designed to meet one of the lowest 
emission standards globally and the steam generated from the plant will be used for captive 
power consumption. The production from the newly commissioned plant has been stabilized 
and we have started operating at the desired capacity.  
 
As part of our sustainability initiatives, Coromandel has set up a 6 million litre per day 
desalination plant at Vizag. With this, close to 1/3rd of the plant’s water requirement will be 
met through seawater.  
 
During the quarter, the business has introduced Nano DAP, a patented nanotechnology based 
fertilizer and the initial customer feedback has been encouraging. 
 
The crop protection business of the company registered a healthy volume growth, improving 
its performance in exports and domestic formulation segments. However, global industry 
headwinds, namely higher channel inventory and decline in commodity prices had its impact 
on price realization. The export segment of the business grew by 29% with major increase 
coming from South America and Africa markets. The manufacturing units operated at a 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
higher capacity, 65% versus 51% last year and focused on improving operational efficiencies. 
The business has initiated regulatory and infrastructure activities in the new Dahej site and is 
in the process of finalizing the multiproduct plant project. 
 
On the specialty chemicals front, the business has initiated marketing some of the products 
to the customers. The company is strengthening its research and technology processes and 
has identified key products to be developed in the future. 
 
On the CDMO front, the business is closely engaging with customers and has organized few 
customer visits to its facilities. The interactions have been quite positive so far.  
 
The bio product business of the company improved its procurement during the year. Business 
is engaged in multiple process improvement initiatives focusing on improved cost efficiencies 
and yield. It has introduced Neem oil based pesticide Azamax during the first half and plans 
to introduce non Azadirachtin products in the second-half of the year.  
 
Despite the dry spell in some parts of the South Karnataka and Rayalaseema markets, Retail 
stores adopted crop specific approach and operated well during the quarter focused on 
providing all round agri solutions including products, farm advisory and mechanization 
services. Overall 93% of stores remain profitable. 
 
On the technology front, company’s recent investment in Dhaksha, a differentiated drone 
startup is progressing well and Coromandel is providing adequate support to the Dhaksha 
team. It has bagged order for its medium altitude, light weight and heavyweight logistic 
drones from the Indian Army and has orders for its agriculture drones. Company has also 
received the 4th type certificate for its battery drones. 
 
As part of its drone spraying services, Coromandel has introduced Gromor Drive initiative. 
Under this, the company has started offering drone based agri inputs applications through its 
trained pilots. 
 
During the quarter, the company acquired 16.53% equity in XMachines, and AI based robotic 
startup focusing on a variety of agricultural operations such as planting, weed control and 
pest control.  
 
Coromandel is driving companywide digital initiatives including automated dashboards, 
analytical use cases for improving productivity and cost efficiencies and is in the process of 
implementation of Sales force and new dealer portal. 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
With that, let me take you through the company's financial performance. 
 
Turnover: The company recorded a consolidated total income of Rs 7,033 Crores during the 
quarter and Rs.12,771 Crores for the half year versus corresponding period of 10,145 Crores 
and half year 15,927 Crores. The decrease in revenue is mainly on account of drop in subsidy 
rates in the fertilizer business compared to last year. Nutrients and allied businesses 
contributed 90% share and the remaining 10% is from the crop protection business for the 
quarter as well as for the half year. Subsidy business share in revenue stands at 84% during 
the quarter and 85% for the half year. In the previous year, it was 89% for the quarter and 
87% for the half year. 
 
Profitability: Consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was Rs 1,059 Crores vis-à-vis Rs 1,057 
Crores last year and for the half year it was Rs 1,768 Crores vis-à-vis Rs 1,742 Crores during 
the last year. Subsidy businesses’ share in EBITDA stands at 81% during the quarter and 82% 
for half year. In the previous year, it was 78% for both the quarter and first half. Net profit 
after tax for the quarter was at Rs 755 Crores in comparison to Rs 741 Crores for the 
corresponding quarter last year and Rs.1,249 Crores for the half year against Rs 1,240 Crores 
in the previous year. 
 
As regards subsidy, there has been a significant improvement on the subsidy side with the 
company claiming and receiving Rs.4,243 Crores in Q2. For the half year, the subsidy 
received is about Rs 6312 Crores. Overall subsidy outstanding on 30th September 2023 was 
about Rs 1,497 Crores vis-à-vis Rs 4,176 Crores in the previous year. 
 
During the quarter, the company earned net interest income excluding the Ind-AS interest of 
Rs.5 Crores vis-à-vis the net interest expense of Rs 13 Crores previous year. For the half year, 
the company earned a net interest income of Rs.16 Crores vis-à-vis Rs 8 Crores in the 
previous year. Company maintained its surplus funds in board approved securities, and these 
are earmarked for specific growth related investments. The company ended the quarter with 
a net surplus of about Rs 3,380 Crores.  
 
The company’s balance sheet continues to be strong. The long-term credit rating by CRISIL 
is at CRISIL AAA stable and short-term at CRISIL A1+. During the quarter, the long-term 
credit rating was reaffirmed as Ind AAA (stable) by India Ratings and Research, a Fitch group 
company and the short-term debt rating at Ind A1+. 
 
As far as Forex is concerned, during the quarter the rupee was trading in a broad range from 
81.81 to 83.30. Coromandel continues to follow a very conservative approach of hedging the 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Forex exposure, and this has immensely helped in limiting the impact of currency 
depreciation.  
 
With the forecast of a normal Northeast monsoon, we expect the demand cycle to be 
conducive in the coming months. Coromandel, with its presence across the farming value 
chain, will continue to drive sustainable agricultural practices and improve prosperity. 
 
Thank you for your interest in Coromandel and joining the call today. We look forward to 
your interaction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will take the 
first question from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Noel Vaz: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just had one question regarding the sulfuric acid plant. So, 
the Capex is about Rs 400 Crores odd. What is the extent of cost savings that we are looking 
at the payback period? If you could have some details on that front. Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The Capex as you rightly mentioned is about Rs 400 Crores for the plant. The purpose of 
setting up the sulfuric acid plant was mainly for securing our supplies and we have deliberated 
this in the past as well. However, given the way the commodity prices move, the value gap 
between procuring sulfuric acid in the market and converting sulfur into sulfuric acid could 
give us a benefit.  At the current prices that are prevailing, we think in about two to three 
years we should get a payback on this project, but again, the main purpose of setting up the 
sulfur burner is for securing our own sulfuric acid. 
Noel Vaz: 
Second thing would be, actually some clarity regarding subsidy changes. Are we expected to 
see any kind of provisions related to it in the second-half? Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Your question was not very clear. 
Noel Vaz: 
Sorry about that. There have been some revisions to the NBS rates, right? NBS subsidy. So, 
I just want to know if there is any kind of provision that we are expecting in the second half 
of the financial year. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We will see that the subsidy realization in the second half is going to be lower because of the 
lower NBS rates. Having said that, we have also made some reasonable estimates and have 
factored it in our Q2 financials. So we may not see a one-time hit coming in the third quarter. 
But the overall realization is likely to be lower, and this is a normal trend. When the NBS rate 
goes up, the realization will be higher, when the rates come down, the realization will be 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
lower. The company has been following a consistent policy in terms of looking at what could 
be the rate and appropriately making the necessary adjustments in the books. 
Noel Vaz: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Hi, ma’am. Good afternoon. A couple of questions from my side. Specifically on the subsidy. 
I could gather that there has been a sharp reduction in the NBS rate and while in the first half 
the reduction was not as significant as the reduction in the global commodity prices that I 
think seems to have been made up in the current subsidy. While you have been prudent in 
terms of providing for it, but purely on a per ton margin basis, how do you see H2 period 
versus what we have seen in H1 and the previous year as well? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
You are right, the government has been adjusting the subsidy rates, the NBS rates in line with 
the raw material prices. We have seen in the first half a very sharp correction in raw material 
prices compared to what was prevailing in the previous year, and government normally looks 
into the last six months prices, and they took an adjustment and that is what has happened 
currently to the new NBS rates for Rabi. When we look into the EBITDA per ton, we normally 
look at it on a full year basis, we do not look at it on a quarter-to-quarter or just talk first half 
to second half. The raw material prices currently are in a slightly upward trend. So, if at all 
the government is going to look at it like last year when they made a correction in the NBS 
in Jan 1, we believe that could also be in consideration, but we do not know for certain at this 
point in time. With that background and the backward integration that Coromandel has done 
both in sulfuric and phosphoric acid plants, we believe on a full year basis, it should not 
majorly impact the margin per ton. Having said that, with the current visibility that we have, 
I think it should be in the range of Rs.5000 per ton for the full year. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
That is helpful. The second question, when we came into FY2024, we were anticipating about 
anywhere between 6% to 10% volume growth in the Phosphatics business. So far in H1, 
things have been largely flat on the manufacturing side. So how are you looking at H2, and 
the third one, if you could give us a split of the 580 Crores Capex in H1 FY2024? Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
See, after almost 3-4 years we have seen that we have got a sub normal monsoon this year 
and Kharif is a big season. We have seen that August rainfall has been very, very low for the 
past several decades. September was very high. With so much uncertainty, I think it is only 
prudent not to go and dump the material in the market and to say that we are showing a 
volume growth. Therefore, we have been taking a very conservative as well as strategic 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
approach in terms of both manufacturing and placing of fertilizers in the market. It is not 
about placing it with the dealers. We also need to ensure that farmers are able to take and 
consume it in their field. So, from that standpoint, we feel comfortable in terms of what has 
been done in the first half given the extreme uncertainties in the monsoon and the reservoir 
level. Having said that, with the expectation of a near normal monsoon in the second half of 
the Rabi season, we expect that the consumption should go up. On your question relating to 
the Capex, I have earlier also indicated that it is about the sulfuric acid plant. We have a 
desalination plant that has got commissioned in Vizag. There is a Nano DAP plant that is 
coming up in Kakinada and there is work that is getting initiated in the crop protection 
chemicals for the multi-purpose plants and also their regular Capex. Apart from it, we are 
looking into increasing the granulation facilities in SSP. All of this put together should add 
up to say, about Rs 500 Crores of Capex during the year. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just continuing on the NBS policy for H2, while I am not looking 
for any quarterly guidance, but for Q3 whether there will be a significant dip for the industry 
in profitability or there will be no profit at all on major grades of fertilizer that we are selling 
as an industry, if you can give some color on that? Not specifically from Coro’s perspective, 
but for any backward integrated player. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think I will give you a very general outline. For companies who are backward integrated, 
the impact could be much lower compared to companies who are buying intermediates and 
manufacturing. The second thing is there could also be some MRP increases that could 
happen given the way that subsidy corrections have happened for the Rabi season. So one 
needs to keep in mind both these factors and accordingly when you look at it, definitely there 
is going to be an impact on margins, no doubt at all. More so for SSP than NPK and in NPK 
when companies are working on the unique grade, the possibility of pricing is better in such 
grades vis-à-vis the generic grades. Integrated players will do better than nonintegrated 
players. Traders may get even more impacted. 
Prashant Biyani: 
How are we placed on the raw material inventory, especially for ammonia and phosphate for 
Q3? Have we had enough opportunity to buy it at lower cost? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
So, I think we have this very agile procurement team here and based on the inputs, on the 
price movements and the capacity that we have for storage of these raw materials, the team 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
has been taking very prudent calls and you could see that one of the main reasons for 
Coromandel profitability in the last few years., The procurement team has a sense in terms of 
how the raw material prices could move, and accordingly the purchase decisions are taken. It 
is also a factor in terms of how much storage capacity we have for each. So long and short, 
to the extent that we can store, material has been procured, secured and wherever we have to 
use our backward integrated facilities, the intent is to maximize production from our PA as 
well as SA plants. 
Prashant Biyani: 
And lastly, how much are we backward integrated in phos acid manufacturing and how much 
in sulfuric acid? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I would say for phos acid slightly above 50% and sulfuric acid could be 60% or so. Yes, it 
could be around 60%. 
Prashant Biyani: 
Thank you, ma’am. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Akshat Mehta from Sameeksha 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Thank you for the opportunity. One of the questions that I had is in this quarter, have we 
included any kind of provision for the changes in subsidy that it has come in October. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Sorry I could not follow your question. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My question was that in quarter two, have we taken some kind of provision for the reductions 
in subsidy that has come in recently. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, we have. 
Akshat Mehta: 
If you could quantify that? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
No, I would not be in a position to quantify it now, but we have considered some impact on 
account of the NBS rates that has been announced. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My next question was, given the Rabi season demand that there will be a normal Northeast 
monsoon and there will be good demand, but will there be any impact of the reservoir levels 
in southern region being quite low after kharif season on the demand in Rabi? 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, the reservoir levels are very low in Southern markets. That would have an impact on the 
soil moisture conditions. We do see that as a constraint, but at the same time, if the rainfall is 
going to be good, to a great extent it could compensate. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My next question is on the line of Nano DAP. So when are we kind of commercializing the 
Nano DAP plant? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Actually the Nano DAP plant is said to be commissioned in Q3 of this year at Kakinada. We 
are waiting for some regulatory approvals to start the operations there. Pending the 
commissioning of the new Nano DAP plant at Kakinada, we have started producing Nano 
DAP at our pilot plant in Vizag and in September we have also started commercial production 
and sales, although at a limited quantities and we are seeing that the response from the farmer 
has been pretty good. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My last question is that if you could throw some light on what has been the progress of 
specialty chemical during the quarter and going forward when you will be able to kind of 
give some numbers or Capex requirements on specialty chemicals? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
As I was mentioning in the past, the intent of getting into specialty chemicals is primarily 
utilizing our existing assets, for some of the molecules where the applications are beyond 
agrochemicals. So we have started in a very small way during the last quarter, token invoicing 
and shipments are happening to some of the specialty chemicals customers already. It is not 
substantial we are not talking about the absolute numbers at this point in time. But the good 
news is the traction has begun. Now the business has also worked out certain specific areas 
where they would like to invest further in terms of building up our own capabilities, 
infrastructure as we go into a medium-term, and that is where the current focus is on the 
specialty chemicals business. We will continue to use our existing assets in the near-term and 
get the customer connects. Start shipping the products to broad base our customers and 
applications and in the medium-term invest further and deeper into specialty chemicals. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vishal Biraia from Bandhan AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Madam, for this Nano DAP plant that is coming up, could you tell us as to what is the extent 
of capacity, and what are the kind of revenue that you would look forward to? 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The capacity that we are looking at is 1 Crore bottles per year, which is a 1 litre bottle, and 
the pricing for these bottles, MRP is about Rs.600. So that is the capacity that we are building 
up. Depending upon how the response of the market is because this calls for lots of customer 
awareness and education. If the farmers do not know how it has to be used then it could 
actually boomerang. We are seeing mixed response from the farmers in the case of Nano urea 
and therefore from Coromandel’s standpoint, there is lot of ground level activity going on in 
terms of the agronomist reaching out to the farmers, helping them to understand the product 
better, how to apply so on and so forth. We have also initiated what is called as a Gromor 
drive, which is using the drones for some of these foliar applications. So combining both of 
these, we are in for a slow and a steady start with farmers understanding there is an 
opportunity for us to sell more and these are all modular facilities. So in a quick period of 
about 8 to 10 months, we should be in a position to add further plant capacities. That is the 
game plan as far as Nano is concerned. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And just to understand something on the technical side as to your utilization of phos acid here 
will be how different than the utilization of phos acid for the solid-state complex grades or 
DAP? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Here we do not directly use phos acid. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Could you help me understand as to what would be the substitute for the phos acid here. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
This is a patented technology and I may not be able to reveal what are the contents and what 
percentage of what is being used for manufacturing Nano DAP at this point in time. But I 
should tell you the phos acid, sulfuric acid, the quantum that we use is all going to be for 
granulation. There is no comparison at all. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And on a steady state basis, once this business stabilizes, what would be the kind of operating 
margins that you would target? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
On Nano DAP. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Yes. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Nano product must have a very decent margin here. I think it should be pretty healthy. 
Vishal Biraia: 
If it is 20%-22%. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, it should be in the range of 20%. 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
Vishal Biraia: 
Final question. I think it is a continuation of what the earlier participant was asking. When 
you say Rs.5000 per ton for the full year for the fertilizer business, this includes SSP. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
No, normally we do not include SSP. This is mainly for NPK's. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And then could you give as to what would be this number for NPK for the second quarter like 
for the September quarter, what this number have been? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
No, I normally encourage to look at a full year number because there are seasonalities, you 
see subsidy price is up and down, MRP considerations. raw material consideration. So for a 
seasonal business, given so much of external variations, it is always good to look at an 
annualized basis. 
Vishal Biraia: 
And just lastly to get to this 5000 number, hypothetically what would be the extent of increase 
in MRP would you require to get to this number for the balance half of the year looking at 
the way the, and assuming that the RM prices remain where they are and the subsidy is what 
it is. There is no upper revision. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
There could be MRP increases in unique grades. On the generic grades, we need to look at 
how the industry is taking it up and what is the view of the government. 
Vishal Biraia: 
If you look at the generic grades or let us look at the specialty grade, what would be the extent 
that you would target to get to this number for the full year? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
That depends upon the market conditions honestly. 
Vishal Biraia: 
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishnu from Avendus Spark. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishnu: 
Hi, thanks for your time, I am Vishnu from Spark. Firstly, continuing the previous 
participant’s question, compared to first half most of the raw materials have currently spiked 
a lot and there is at least Rs.10000 to Rs.12000 correction on an average on subsidy. So 
second-half, I mean, given it is an election year and if the price hikes do not come even the 
fertilizer EBITDA still be positive or can it tend to be a bit negative? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I think we can talk for Coromandel, given the backward integration that we have, we expect 
the margins to be positive. We saw a steep correction in raw material prices, and there has 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
been some increase in the last couple of months, we really do not know to what extent these 
increases will sustain or will it again come down because what we saw here before was 
unprecedented increases. So from that standpoint, we think we will have to go with the 
market.  If the prices continue to be high, there could be some opportunities in terms of our 
backward integration and value capture. But if prices come down then it is even better. We 
like to see how the government is going to respond on subsidy. We have seen in the past they 
have been pretty considerate and they have responded to the industry requirement when there 
was a price increase, they have increased the subsidy. When the raw material prices are 
corrected, they have just now reduced the subsidy. I think while there are considerations of 
election year so on and so forth, we just need to work along with the government as an 
industry and impress on them on the rising raw material prices, and see how we can help in 
getting a subsidy rate correction for the fourth quarter. 
Vishnu: 
And secondly, on the subsidy provisioning firstly for kharif they have provided some 38000 
plus another 22000 they have mentioned so that takes to 60. But whereas in the government 
budget for NPK we understand only 45000 Crores is provided, so additional 15000 will have 
to come through a supplementary grant and would this be normally the total amount gets 
covered, but this time around the actual NPK is 60 which has provided only 45. So will there 
be a supplementary grant immediately or after elections only do you think that this will 
happen? I am questioning from the possibility of a delay on subsidy release in March. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Answer honestly, we do not know. The government has been considering and getting 
supplementary credits for disbursing subsidy. So, we hope they will be able to get it through. 
This year especially, I have also mentioned that the subsidy disbursements have been pretty 
good. They do not have any arrears in terms of DBT claims that have been made by the 
companies. Since we are able to get through these supplementary grants, we should be able 
to get the subsidy realizations also fast, but in case there is a constraint and it spills over to 
next year, we have to wait. So, we do not know the answer, but we honestly believe the 
government will be able to get it through. 
Vishnu: 
And one final question, what will be the stock, that stock of materials that we have sold, and 
it is still lying with the dealers and distributors, any rough number in million tons 0.2-0.3 or 
any rough number if you could help us understand. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Can we come back on this? 
Vishnu: 
Sure, ma'am. Thank you. Thanks and all the best. 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. First on the crop protection side, you did mentioned, we 
witnessed a good volume led recovery in both domestic and export markets. If you can share 
some details there, how has been the growth in exports and especially given the negative 
commentary from most of the global and other domestic players as well, how are we seeing 
the market there? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
A little bit in terms of how the global markets have been behaving. As you know, Brazil is 
our largest consumer of agrochemicals and we have seen that there is a high level of channel 
inventory in Brazil. Having said that, we also know that the prices of agrochemicals from 
China has been very, very low. They have been trying to dump their chemicals in the market. 
So, this has a dual impact. Therefore, if we hear and we witness that exporters are having a 
tough time, it is very much resonating with the realities in the market. For us, we have done 
specifically well on three counts, one we have focused on bundling  our products instead of 
just one or two of our technicals, our export has grown by 29%. We were successful in 
onboarding new customers, we got more than 20 new customers who helped us generate 
additional sales volumes. Apart from that, there were a lot of dormant registrations which 
have been activated, which has also helped in increasing the overall export sales. A 
combination of these activities plus our sales force becoming far more active in these markets 
have helped in the export sales growth. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure, that is helpful. So going ahead as well, we should see a continuation of say a decent 
growth here given that the new customer addition as well as the geographic expansion that 
you highlighted. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, you are right. We also wish that we should be in a position to grow our export markets 
well. Equally important is to increase our range of products, which is what we are also trying 
to address both in terms of technical and in terms of formulation. So that is part of our long-
term strategy to see that we add more technicals which are recently off patented and also 
come up with certain formulations and a B2C light model in select countries which can help 
grow our export business. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. That is helpful. Secondly, on the crop protection margins, again this quarter we saw a 
dip probably because of the pricing led competition or the commodity price decline that we 
are seeing from China. Any thoughts there because what we had highlighted earlier was most 
of the new product launches, through technicals or through collaboration were margin 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
accretive. So is this more a near-term phenomenon and maybe FY2025 should see a better 
growth there on margins front? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes, We have seen this price pressure coming in near term, I do not know whether it will 
extend to a medium-term because to several experts whom we have spoken and companies 
whom we have been in dialogue with, nobody is certain about when this China dumping is 
going to end. So that is one main factor. Some of the companies who are producing certain 
technicals, as I understand have even stopped production because it becomes more 
economical to import from China. So that is a short-term phenomenon. Hopefully if the 
Brazilian market picks up again this year and the demand goes up, we should see some quick 
wins in terms of the pricing as well as recovery in the margins. 
Ankur Periwal: 
And just one clarification if I may. The Rs.5000 EBITDA per ton guidance which you gave 
that is for the current financial year given the subsidy rates? Any thoughts on FY2025 and 
beyond given annually government has been pretty supportive in terms of RM inflation being 
absorbed in terms of subsidy? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I would wait a little bit on this. We have to see how the raw material prices move and the 
election year, what the government is going to come up with. But as you rightly said, the 
government has been pretty supportive; at times, when the raw material prices have gone up 
they have helped the industry with higher subsidies. So I do expect that trend to continue and 
if that continues, our margin should hold and also we will work to see how to improve it. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Sure. That is helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
S Ramesh: 
Thank you very much. Following up on the questions on the crop protection business. Can 
you give us some details on the volume growth in the crop protection business in domestic 
and export markets for the second quarter, and if you can give us some sense in terms of when 
you expect to complete the 1000 Crores Capex in crop protection and what is the kind of 
impact you expect from that, say from FY2026? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Thanks Ramesh. These are nice questions that you come up with. In terms of volume growth, 
I would say that the export market has volume growth close to about 30%. On the domestic 
front, formulations had a volume growth, but we did see a contraction in the domestic B2B 
mainly because of the price pressures and the margin pressures. We had consciously limited 
our sales into the B2B market, but we focused on growing the formulation business as well 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
as the exports. As far as the capital expenditure is concerned of Rs 1000 Crores that has been 
announced, there are three multi-purpose multi product projects that the business is working 
on. We have submitted the proposal for one large Capex, and that is currently under the 
approval process. Given the short-term scenario that we are currently in with the prices 
showing such a steep fall, especially from China, we are looking into certain other factors as 
well to ensure that as we set up the MPP, we have the right level of backward integration. 
The right type of Capex, so that the return on investment can be much faster. So we are 
currently in the evaluation stage as I mentioned earlier as well, the Rs 1000 Crore investment 
is for three large plants and it could take a period of about 24 to 36 months in all for us to 
consume this entire capital. The good news obviously is we have completed procurement and 
bhoomi pooja for the new herbicide facility in Dahej and the business is setting up the basic 
infrastructure and is contemplating to set up formulation units because those can be done on 
a fast-track basis at the Dahej herbicide facility. 
S Ramesh: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla 
Sunlife AMC. Please go ahead. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Two quick questions I have. Firstly, on the Capex space. We are 
entering a historic high Capex space. So in terms of the management bandwidth, are we okay 
with the existing, which we have or is there any addition, which we are doing to support the 
Capex which we are running. If you can, share something on that piece? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I quite did not follow your question. Are you asking whether we have enough management 
bandwidth to execute these large Capex? 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Yes. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I believe so. We have added quite a few people to strengthen our project team in our 
businesses both nutrients as well as crop protection as you see the sulfuric acid plant and the 
desal plant that has been commissioned. It has happened in a record period of 18 months, 
such a large Capex does not happen in 18 months’ time frame. A similar approach is also 
being planned for our multi-purpose plants in Gujarat. So I think we have the in-house 
strength to manage these large Capex projects. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Lastly on the thought process of investing in drone business, what is your long-term vision 
here? How do you see this drone investment can help your core business? 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We invested in the drone business almost a year back with a small stake and then we increased 
it over a period in time. We have found that the application of drones is not just limited to 
agriculture. It could be for various things. It could be for defense, it could be for logistics, it 
could be for enterprise, and we are also seeing that the government is opening up 
opportunities for exports in the non-defense sector. There is also a huge opportunity in terms 
of training because you need trained pilots to operate these drones. So there are multiple areas 
where the drone services can be deployed. So from that standpoint, we believe it is more of a 
technology game with an adjacency in agriculture. Even in agriculture, given that labor 
constitutes almost 35% to 40% in terms of the cost of inputs that goes in, drone spraying 
could be a very good opportunity given the shortage of manpower and the cost. So that is the 
way one should look into this investment in drones. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Sure. Thank you so much and all the best. I will come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Gaurav Nigam from Tunga 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Thank you for taking my question. Just have one question on this government subsidy 
receivable. In the last few years, I have seen that it has been considerably reduced. Just wanted 
to understand how should we think about the sustainability of reduction in this government 
subsidy there and what is the reason behind this reduction? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
As I mentioned earlier, we have been submitting the claims the same day the portal opens. 
That is number one. Second, there is a lot of activity in the field to ensure there is consumption 
happening on the ground. The farmers are actually buying and using it. The third obviously 
is that the government machinery is also pretty fast in terms of processing, and they have 
been supportive in terms of timely dispersal. All the three have favorably contributed to 
receiving record subsidies and maintaining the outstanding at a low level. We will continue 
to do activities from our end and I think the government has been fairly supportive and if this 
trend continues, we should not see a huge buildup in terms of receivables. 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Just a follow up on that, is this receivable days come down for everyone in the industry or we 
have some added advantage because of which it has come down more for Coromandel? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
I honestly do not know. I have been monitoring our receivables and we have been pushing 
our teams, working very closely with our marketing teams and Agronomists. So I can tell you 
as far as Coromandel is concerned, but generally the government is also being disbursing 
subsidy timely. 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Gaurav Nigam: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Noel Vaz from Union Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Noel Vaz: 
I just wanted to get some clarity about the 165 Crore drone order that was announced earlier. 
Has there been some execution on that and do we have any idea as to what kind of growth 
prospects that we are looking for or margins on the same? Thank you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Yes. We are in the process of executing these orders. Raw materials have been procured. A 
new manufacturing site is also being commissioned. It should be ready by December of this 
year. The existing facility is also being leveraged so that we can do a certain quantum of 
manufacturing from the existing site. 
Noel Vaz: 
Margins, any idea what could be the margins now or in the future? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We have to wait to see the overall margin profile. Currently there is a good amount of 
spending that is also happening on the technology front, R&D and we do not want to restrict 
investment in R&D, especially in an area where it is a sunrise industry. It is a startup, and we 
have to scale up, we have to invest in manufacturing. We have to continue investing in R&D. 
Those are all happening. I honestly believe this will be a good margin business as we go 
along, not just in terms of manufacture and sale, but also in terms of services and training. 
Noel Vaz: 
Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the 
line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity. What is our annual requirement of phos acids and how much we 
produce captively in-house and the same for sulfuric acid? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We require close to about 10 lakh tons of phos acid and depending upon the product mix, we 
may require about 4.5 to 5 lakh tons of imported acid. I mentioned earlier about 50% plus of 
our capacity is through our in-house production. On the sulfuric acid front, we would have 
close to about 60% of our capacity in-house and we will have to import for the balance. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
So, any plan to expand further in phos acid manufacturing? 

 
  
 
Coromandel International Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
The business is thinking about further investments in fertilizer, especially in backward 
integration. At this point in time these are all in the discussion stage, once we are certain 
about it, we will definitely come back and have the announcements made. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Lastly, regarding this investment in this drone company. Are we involved in the management 
also or we are just the financial investors? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We are involved in the management. We are helping them in setting up the operation, scaling 
up the operations, putting together the systems, processes, everything. So, it is an integral part 
of Coromandel. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
We are one of their biggest customers, right? 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
We are not their biggest customer. They have got orders from the Army for the logistics 
drones. We have also got a good order from IFFCO for agriculture drones. We have picked 
up drones and we are doing our Gromor drive, so there are multiple customers for Daksha. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Okay, ma'am. Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
Jayashree Satagopan: 
Thank you very much all of you who have joined the call today and actively participated. In 
case there are any further questions, please feel free to reach out to us. Thanks again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of IIFL Securities 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
