 
s 
 
  
 
SIGACHI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
CIN: L24110TG1989PLC009497 
AN EXCiPACT GMP, ISO 9001:2015 &FSSC 22000 CERTIFIED COMPANY 
 
Registered Office: 
#229/1 & 90, 2nd Floor, Kalyan’s Tulsiram Chambers, Madinaguda, Hyderabad-49, Telangana State, India. 
Email: info@sigachi.com, Customer Service +91 40 40114874 - 76 
 
                 To, 
                Date: 27.11.2023 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543389) 
The Manager, 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: SIGACHI) 
Dear Sir/Madam 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for Q2 FY 2023-24 Results held on 15.11.2023 
 
Unit: Sigachi Industries Limited 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 16.11.2023, audio recording of Q2 FY 23-24 earnings call, please find 
attached herewith the transcript of the earnings call held on Wednesday, November 15, 2023, at 4:00 PM 
IST. The same is also available on the company's website at www.sigachi.com . 
 
This is for the information and record of the exchanges. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Sigachi Industries Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Shreya Mitra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Shreya 
Mitra
Digitally signed 
by Shreya Mitra 
Date: 2023.11.27 
11:26:56 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
Sigachi Industries Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Conference Call 
November 15, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 conference call of Sigachi 
Industries Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” 
on your touch-tone phone. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Thakkar from Valorem 
Advisors. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Thakkar: 
Good evening everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Amit Thakkar from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of Sigachi Industries Limited. On behalf 
of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company’s earnings call for 
the second quarter and the first half of financial year 2024. 
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today’s earnings call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management’s beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by and information currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to 
place any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment 
decisions. The purpose of today’s earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about 
the company’s fundamental business and the financial quarter under review. 
Now, I would like to introduce you to the management participating in today’s earnings 
conference call and give it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Amit 
Raj Sinha – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and Mr. O. S. Reddy – Chief Financial 
Officer. I will now hand it over to Mr. Amit for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
A very good evening everybody. It’s a pleasure to welcome you to the earnings conference call 
for the second quarter and first half of the financial year 2024. In the interest of some of the 
people who are new to the company, let me first start by giving a brief overview of the 
company, after which Mr. O S Reddy, our CFO, will brief you on the financial performance for 
the quarter under review. Sigachi was incorporated in the year 1989. Today, we are one of the 
leading manufacturers of microcrystalline cellulose in the world. Our company manufactures 
high-quality cellulose-based excipients which predominantly find usage in the pharmaceutical 
supplement and the food industry. The company has created a niche in manufacturing highly 

 
Page 2 of 12 
innovative pre-formulated excipients and 60+ widely used excipients of international quality 
standards apart from giving customized solutions. From our state of the art R&D facility, we 
ensure continuous innovation to efficiently meet evolving customer demands. We have 2 
manufacturing facilities in Gujarat and two in Telangana from where we ensure supply chain 
reliability for our customers across the globe. Our total capacities for these facilities are more 
than 13,800 tonnes per annum, which we are further enhancing by ongoing CapEx to 
approximately 21,000 metric tons per annum. We also have an API unit in Karnataka which has 
been acquired a few months back. The process of integration is on. We at Sigachi have a global 
sales & distribution network and are exporting to more than 60 countries across Asia, Australia, 
the American continent, Europe, and the Middle East. 
Now, I request our CFO to give you a brief on the financial performance after which I will give 
you the operational highlights for the quarter. Over to you, Mr. O. S. Reddy. 
O. S. Reddy: 
Good evening, everyone. Let me first brief you on the financial performance for the Q2 of the 
financial year 2024. The operating income for the quarter was around Rs. 99 crores, 
representing an increase of about 20.2% year on year. EBITDA reported was Rs. 21 crores, an 
increase of approximately 31.2% year on year, and the EBITDA margin stood at 21.57%. Net 
profit reported was around Rs. 15 crores, an increase of 11% year on year while the PAT margin 
percentage was 15.22%. For the H1 of the financial year 2024, the operating income stood at 
approximately Rs. 184 crores, which was a significant increase of 14.4% year on year. The 
operating EBITDA stood at Rs. 37.8 crores, seeing a growth of approx. 16% year on year. EBITDA 
margins were 20.55%. Net profit stood at Rs. 26 crores, which de-grew by 1.5% while the PAT 
margin stood at 14.14%. Now, I hand over the call back to our MD to give you the operational 
highlights. Over to you, sir. 
 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
On the operational front the overall revenue in H1 experienced a robust YoY growth of 13.37%, 
escalating from INR 164.61 crores to INR 186.62 crores. The price of MCC exhibited a modest 
YoY growth of 1.07%, advancing from 208.55/Kg to 210.8/Kg in H1 FY24 compared to H1 FY23. 
The quantity of MCC demonstrated a notable YoY growth of 3.63%, increasing from 7051 MT 
to 7307 MT in H1 FY24 compared to H1 FY23. Sale of products increased to INR 166.46 Cr from 
previous corresponding Half Year H1 FY23 of INR 149.95 crores. Company is constantly thriving 
to improve upon its R&D capabilities and cost-effective manufacturing processes and thereby 
remain as a manufacturer of choice with highest quality standards. Our focus is on high margin 
yielding product mix and cost-effective manufacturing processes, effective management of 
inventory would result in an increase of EBITDA and Profitability in coming quarters. That’s it 
from my side. 
Moderator: 
We’ll now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 

 
Page 3 of 12 
The first question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from NV Investments. Please go ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on the employee costs that have gone up on the standalone basis. Is it 
due to the O&M part of the job that we do or is it for any other reasons? 
O. S. Reddy: 
This is on the account of it’s a combination. O&M it is increasing. O&M mainly on manpower-
based services are being provided. That’s why our O&M is increasing. That is one of the factors. 
And also, we have OTC and generics are there. Those are also mostly manpower based because 
we don’t have a manufacturing facility. We are getting manufactured our required medicines, 
these were outsourced. And the next major element is manpower costs of sales teams. Because 
of these things, it is increased. And going forward, it may come down a little. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Compared to Q1 also, Q1 we were around Rs. 12.8 crores and Q2 is Rs. 14.73 crores. Any 
particular thing why this has again gone up so much? 
O. S. Reddy: 
That is mainly one of these two factors. 
Rajesh Jain: 
You are trying to say that this Rs. 14 crores per quarter is what is a steady state employee cost 
going forward? 
O. S. Reddy: 
Yes, but going forward from the 4th quarter onwards, it will be stabilizing. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I would just like to additionally add here Mr. Rajesh Jain that the newly acquired API facility, of 
course, comes in with a certain level of employee cost and there we are still working on seeing 
what is the best product portfolio mix to have a stable ongoing revenue. So, you will see that 
in terms of absolute numbers, there might be a slight increase beyond even Rs. 14.72 crores 
because all the 3 months, the acquired facility was not in our books. It has only come in later. I 
would say that this in absolute terms would go up slightly, but overall I believe, the sales would 
increase and in percentage terms, this will drop at a later quarter. 
Rajesh Jain: 
As per my idea, this API business is under a subsidiary, right? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Yes, that’s right. 
Rajesh Jain: 
I was asking for the standalone, not for the consolidated. Consolidated I can understand that 
this new API business also would have added the employee. Actually what I am not able to 
understand now is…. I am asking you whatever you said, the converse of that. In the sense, the 
consolidated margins are better, improved, whereas standalone has gone down. Does it mean 
that in your API business margins are better than the standalone? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, it’s not that we only have API business as our subsidiary. We also have our subsidiary in 
Sigachi MENA in the Middle East and Sigachi US. Sigachi US has been doing fairly well because 
there are certain demands which have picked up and certain stocks which have been cleared 

 
Page 4 of 12 
out and at our customers’ end. So, most stocks have been in use. I believe the prime reason for 
the consolidated figure to be better is on account of the subsidiaries doing well. And among 
the subsidiaries, I would put it at Sigachi US. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, that is the main reason, not the API one? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
API, of course, has a contribution, but I would say it is not really the main backbone. 
Rajesh Jain: 
So, I think you had given us a target of around Rs. 60 crores during the current year in the API 
business. I thought the difference between consolidated and the standalone is only the API 
where it was showing Rs. 20 crores. Is it possible to share with us what the quarterly sales for 
the API business is? 
O. S. Reddy: 
Only 1st August onwards, the API has become our subsidiary. And August and September both 
put together around Rs. 7.5 crores top line is there and not contributed much. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Are you confident of achieving Rs. 60 crores within this financial year? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
We are working towards it. Of course, there are certain integration issues, but we have given 
ourselves a stiff target of Rs. 60 crores and we are fairly confident that we would be able to get 
it on track. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Just harping on the standalone margins, the margins are down mainly due to the employee 
cost being higher. Is that correct understanding? 
O. S. Reddy: 
Yes, the major element is employee cost only. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Employee cost having a higher contribution. 
Rajesh Jain: 
The second is regarding your CapEx. What is the status of your MCC plant? And the CCS, what 
is the status of the approval? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
In terms of our MCC plant expansion, we are on track. By the end of this Q3, we should 
commence our commissioning activities. So, in the Q4, we will have sales which will be showing 
on the balance sheet. In terms of our CCS expansion, we are expecting to get the environmental 
clearance by December 2023. It was expected in November, but I believe that there is a slight 
delay in the committee. So, we are expecting that by December 2023, the environmental 
clearance for the site should be in hand for us, and thereafter, we will immediately commence 
the civil works for the site. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital Partners. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 5 of 12 
Rahil Shah: 
With regards to the second half, how do you see it panning out? What kind of growth do you 
expect this year and next year along with your EBITDA margins? Any outlook you would like to 
share? What will lead to good growth? If you can share some highlights on that please. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Mr. Shah, I would say that a 25% increase in the top line should be a fair bet for our excipient 
and the current running business. Over and above that if I club in the API business, that is an 
additional one. In terms of margin, I believe we should be comfortable on the positive side of 
20% EBITDA all throughout. 
Rahil Shah: 
Do you have the same expectations for the next year as well for FY25? How do you see the 
market? Any broad view? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
For FY25, I think it’s still more than a quarter away. So, giving out expectations at this moment, 
I think, would be a bit too early. Probably in the next earnings calls, we should be able to give 
you the stretched budget of what we are looking at from our business. 
Rahil Shah: 
In the previous question, I also asked what will drive the growth? How do you see this? Which 
particular segments or….? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Broadly, the growth would be driven by our pharmaceutical vertical wherein our new capacities 
will come into force. Over and above that, the API division also should bring in a reasonable 
level of revenue. That should also drive our growth and contribute towards our overall business 
in the pharmaceutical vertical. So, it should all be pharma. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
You had given us guidance about the revenue of Rs. 400 crores for this year. Are you still giving 
the same guidance? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Yes, Mr. Ankur. We continue to have that particular guidance. 
Ankur: 
So, there would be an increase of about 40% revenue quarter on quarter. Is that correct, sir? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
40% increase 
Ankur: 
Yes, because, let’s say if in case the guidance is for Rs. 400 crores, then for the next quarter, 
the revenue should be somewhere about Rs. 140 crores, the top line. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I’m not sure. 
O. S. Reddy: 
Yes, Mr. Ankur, this quarter we have crossed Rs. 100 crores. Next quarter, our API turnover 
also will be added and then MCC also will do better because our expanded capacities will come 
into force in the 4th quarter especially. 

 
Page 6 of 12 
Ankur: 
That is what I was hesitant that since you said that earlier in the third quarter, we will get the 
revenue from the business, but now in case you are guiding for 4th quarter and Rs. 400 crores 
was top line minus Rs. 85 crores and Rs. 99 crores, so we will have to cover about Rs. 210 crores 
in the next 2 quarters. Is that still achievable, sir? 
O. S. Reddy: 
Yes, it is achievable. In this quarter itself, we have reached Rs. 100 crores. In the third quarter, 
additionally we get API business and in the 4th quarter, additional capacities also will come 
into play. That’s why that is easily achievable, we hope. 
Ankur: 
One thing was that can you throw some light on the joint venture in MENA Sigachi region, what 
is that we want to achieve and what process do we have there? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
That’s a very good question, Ankur. I think you have picked up the right one. The joint venture 
with our Saudi partner SNP (Saudi National Projects and Investments) is a very ambitious 
project with a very ambitious and good partner of Saudi. They are very renowned and a big 
partner to have in Saudi, primarily on account of the kind of network, clout, and connection 
they have in terms of getting the business from the Saudi government. Saudi, as we know, is 
very good in terms of pharmaceutical growth, primarily on account of a good population, and 
because of certain system changes which have been taking place, having a local company in 
Saudi is entitled for more business than an import. So, our prime objective is that we 
commence with a local entity there and gradually over a period of a couple of years work on 
seeing how we can establish ourselves as a manufacturing setup in the Saudi region. Once we 
have a manufacturing setup and we are making a certain line of products, maybe certain 
excipients or any ready-to-use formulations, these will become the first purchase option for 
every formulator in the Saudi region. And I think that should give us a very good advantage 
because the penetration at this moment there is very limited. With the JV being in place, I 
believe Saudi should come in as one of our substantial big regions for growth. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-8up question is from the line of Rajesh Jain from NV Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, I have 2 questions. The first one is regarding the food & nutrition segment. Is there any 
positive response we have got? Any customer we could enroll? Anything sir on that? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
We have been having a positive response from a certain set of customers in the African region, 
in the Middle East region, and in the Asia-Pacific region, and also in the US region. We are only 
working to see which way we can have better volumes at a fair margin. Right now, the volumes 
are lower, but we are working to see how we can have regular consignments of this transaction 
happening across these regions. These transactions are intermittent, and our objective is to 
see how we can have a regular monthly transaction. I’m sure you would appreciate, Rajesh, 
that we have distributors and even end customers across just about all the continents and the 
60 countries that we export to. So, adding a new portfolio of products is not really a challenge. 

 
Page 7 of 12 
However, getting the product approved from the end customer in their region, I think, does 
take time. Sometimes it does happen that samples don’t clear the way it is supposed to be as 
per what the customer wants and then there is a second sample sent. Basically, I believe 
nutrition & food should come in as good growth over the next couple of months and definitely 
in the next financial year. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, I was under the impression that you are targeting more on the domestic customers, 
particularly the pharma. We have a lot of food & pharma companies in and around Hyderabad. 
So, I was under the impression that you are targeting more of that. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, we are not really targeting domestic customers in the food & nutrition. Of course, we have 
customers, but that’s not really our focus. Our focus is to see how we can have bulk business 
across the continents from the distributors where we have relations already. 
Rajesh Jain: 
This, as per you, would take another 6 months or so? Maybe from FY25, things would start 
showing some results in this segment? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
It would become more reasonable. It would not really be small intermittent volumes, it would 
be a fair volume, and we’ll be happy about it. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Having run so far, do you think the margins would be similar to the ones that we have existing 
for the MCC business? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, MCC business is a very niche product we have, sir. It would not be as per that because in 
MCC, there is a lot of value add we have. We have a variety of 60 different grades of pre-
formulated excipients and basic excipients. The kind of value add I do to my customer in 
excipients is far more than what I do in terms of food & nutrition. So, I believe it will not be as 
much as what the MCC business commands. But I would say it is a supplementary product line 
to have because there are customers in the food part who consume cellulose ingredient as a 
dietary fiber and they also need nutritional ingredient for the label claims. There are label 
claims which go in as with added calcium, with added zinc. For all these label claims, they take 
in cellulose as a non-calorific dietary fiber and they also need to take in this. It’s a very 
complimentary product for our distributors as well as the food end customers. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, if my understanding is correct, you would be using MCC in these products, right? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Of course. There are combinations where MCC goes in as an ingredient into these forward-
integrated formulas which go into food, which go into nutrition. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, my second question is regarding CCS. As of now, any other company is manufacturing this 
product in India? 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
We have a company by the name of Gujarat Microwax manufacturing this product at 
Ahmedabad. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, is it the same as Accent Microcell Private Limited? Is it the same one? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, Accent Microcell is another company. Gujarat Microwax is a much bigger company and 
they have a joint venture with the world No. 2 in making excipients. 
Rajesh Jain: 
You are saying that there are already manufacturers for this product also? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Of course, there is a manufacturer because there is a demand for this product. It is but natural 
that there would be suppliers who would be making this product. What I speak of is that 
Gujarat Microwax is one among the predominant leaders for this product and is a very old 
player. I believe they are as old as Sigachi. 
Rajesh Jain: 
What I meant to say is currently these 2 or 3, whatever the number of companies making this 
product, are they able to meet the demand or the CCS is being imported from outside also? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Rajesh sir, the CCS has a huge import, and that is one of the reasons that CCS is part of the 
complex excipient which is approved under PLI. It is very necessary to _____26:40_____ import 
to be stopped and that is the reason that the PLI has been approved. In fact, Sigachi’s PLI as 
and when the environmental clearance goes through, we will be even eligible for the PLI under 
this product. We would have to apply and get it approved, but I’m sure we will have it 
approved. 
Rajesh Jain: 
The reason for asking is as and when we commission, there should not be any challenge in 
ramping up the production. That was the question actually. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I don’t see that it will be a challenge because India of course is a good market. But historically 
and even going forward, our focus will always be on the export markets because in the export 
markets, the realizations are better. So, I’m very sure and confident that there will be no 
challenges in terms of marketing or selling the new product of croscarmellose (CCS). 
Rajesh Jain: 
Lastly, it’s regarding the API business. Now that you are already more than 3 or 4 months since 
the acquisition, the potential for the company and other things that you had planned or 
thought, do you feel all those things are possible to achieve? And the infra, whatever their staff, 
everybody is capable of? Whatever you had thought and bought this company, is it as per your 
estimation? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
It is definitely as per our estimation, because we did not do a lot of due diligence, background 
review, site inspection, third-party checks, all that was done. So, it’s definitely there. We only 
need to work out to see how do we change the track. We have had the subsidiary, the company 
doing its activities and operations independent of Sigachi. Now what it needs to do is it needs 

 
Page 9 of 12 
to switch over to the way Sigachi works. Integration, of course, takes time. The most important 
thing is to align as to how do we work out to see that we have whatever are the targeted 
product lines, we firm up that, we firm up the chemistry, and then we have it regulatory 
approved from European Directorate of Quality & Medicine and of course the US FDA. Once 
that is there, it will be a very positive step in terms of bettering our margins and of course our 
markets. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Last time, you had mentioned about the plan that you have for this company over a period of 
next year or two. What I was trying to find out is all those things you feel it is possible to 
achieve, there are no hiccups or something like that. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, there are absolutely no hiccups. We have already planned for additional CapEx investment 
in the subsidiary for increasing the capacities. All that is on track. We are not really commencing 
the CapEx right now because we would want to stabilize what is already there. And once things 
get stable and things move, then we will start putting in the CapEx for added expansion. But it 
is very much on track the way it was envisaged when we had the acquisition done, sir. 
Rajesh Jain: 
That means the CapEx to expand the capacity, that is still not started for this plant? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
No, it has not started. We expect it to start in another 3 months. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Other than our MCC plant at Dahej, are we starting at Hyderabad also the modernization of 
the plant or not as of now? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Modernization of the plant is a very slow and ongoing process. The facility remains the same, 
certain technologies which have changed, certain water recycling systems which have come in 
all those things. That all continues. I would say that it is not really a start and a stop. It continues 
round the year. We keep changing the air handling units as per what the requirements of the 
FDA is or whatever is the requirement of any specific outside third-party audit. So, it’s not that 
we are going to have a start and a stop for the Hyderabad modernization, but for a brownfield 
expansion like what we had for the subsidy of API facility, there we would have had a start and 
a stop because it will be a completely separate production block. 
Rajesh Jain: 
That means, for the Hyderabad plant, we will take up maybe in this calendar year? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I believe it will continue. CFO correct me if I’m wrong. I believe the expansion of the Hyderabad 
unit would continue on a regular basis because nothing will be stopped because the production 
has to continue. So, it’ll not really be stopped. There are no new production blocks being added. 
Rajesh Jain: 
That is a separate block, so it can be done without any interference with the current planned 
production? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Absolutely. 

 
Page 10 of 12 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, you had given us some 18 months target as and when we get the environment approval for 
the CCS. Do you still stick to that 18 months for commissioning? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Yes, very much. 18 months, the moment we have the environmental clearance in place, 
everything else in terms of design, the vendors, everybody is ready. We would start dishing out 
purchase orders and advances for the suppliers so that things just get ahead. The civil vendors, 
everybody is on track. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, last question. We are expanding into so many segments. I know a few of them are 
complementary like MCC, CCS, and food & nutrition segment and now API. Do you think the 
management has enough bandwidth to take care of all these things at the same time? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Yes, because these are all related, the management bandwidth becomes very complementary. 
In the overall pharma ecosystem, the excipients and the APIs are complementary. No 
formulation can be made without the excipients; and API, of course, is necessary. So, it 
becomes complementary. Our customer base remains the same. Our pharma ecosystem of 
keeping a facility as per US FDA standards having an audit remains the same. Only thing that 
changes is the chemistry. So, I don’t really see that we need to have a stretch on the 
management bandwidth. I think it’s a very comfortable related diversification. In fact, I would 
say most of the MCC manufacturers have an additional product of CCS. So, I believe that there 
is no real stretch on the management bandwidth with these lines of products. 
Rajesh Jain: 
Sir, I’m still tempted to ask you one more question related to this. Now that you have a spare 
land at Kurnool, I hope you will not come out with some announcement for some project in 
that land. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Very difficult to answer this, but one thing is there, sir, that we don’t wait for a perfect situation 
for taking the first step. We look out for opportunities and jump in into opportunities even if 
there is a bit of ambiguity because when the ambiguity clears and when the things are crystal 
clear, there will be big players who would have already been kilometers ahead of us. So, the 
moment we see a trend, the moment we see an opportunity, the moment we see that there is 
something good, we should take the steps because that is how, because it is always a 
combination of risk and rewards. If we play it safe, we will probably be last in the queue. If we 
take a bit of risk and we speed ahead, we will probably be the first among all. We just have to 
work out and see what is the most appropriate step to be taken in the interest of all of us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhay Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Abhay Jain: 
I only have one question. Regarding the CapEx of 7,000 MTPA, you said in the previous call that 
10% of the CapEx will kick in in Q3 and 25% in Q4. Are we sticking to the same guidance? 

 
Page 11 of 12 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I believe that this 10% might not really come in. We are in the process of erection and 
commissioning. By the time the erection and commissioning gets complete, I think we would 
be at the fag end of Q3. The commissioning and subsequent sales would then thereafter reflect 
in the Q4. In the Q4, I believe 25% of the added capacity would be a fair figure to target at this 
moment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter-Cyclical Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand where do we see our business going in the next 3 to 5 years? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Mr. Madhur, you are indicating in terms of geographies, customer base, product lines, or the 
industry based scenario? 
Madhur Rathi: 
In financial terms as well as in general, as you highlighted that we are focusing on pharma right 
now, what other growth drivers will be for the financial metrics that we can achieve or we have 
targeted for the next 3 to 5 years? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
In 3 to 5 years, of course, the pharma vertical would continue to be the backbone of our growth. 
We would continue to invest further into capacities, into related product lines, into facilities to 
be able to have at least 25% top line growth over the next 3 to 5 years. All other complementary 
verticals like food & nutrition would have their fair share of growth. On the operation & 
management part, I believe we should see some good business in terms of certain joint 
ventures which we have signed with international parties over the last 1-2 months. In summary, 
I would indicate that I’m looking at at least a 25% growth year-on-year over the next 3 to 5 
years. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Will we see our margins improving? Will we now go to these related products and provide and 
become a bigger part of the value chain? 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
I definitely do see my margins improving in the API space after we have the regulatory 
certifications and the audits done because that should be a possibility and that should reflect 
on our total margins as well. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, one bookkeeping question. The other current liabilities for H1 have increased from Rs. 9.4 
crores to Rs. 118 crores. That’s what I was asking about. Page No. 12 of our investor 
presentation. 
O. S. Reddy: 
The increase in other current liabilities is due to the provision created for the purchase 
consideration payable regarding the acquisition of Trimax Biosciences Private Limited, an API 
manufacturing unit in Raichur. 

 
Page 12 of 12 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to the management for 
closing comments. 
Amit Raj Sinha: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings con-call. I hope we answered your questions 
satisfactorily and at the same time offered insight into our businesses. If you have any further 
questions or want to know more about the company, please do get in touch with our Investor 
Relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Stay safe, stay healthy, and enjoy the Indian team 
play at the World Cup. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Sigachi Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Shreya 
Mitra
Digitally signed 
by Shreya Mitra 
Date: 2023.11.27 
11:27:32 +05'30'
