 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
Corporate Office: 6th & 7th Floor, Birla Centurion, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400030, India | T: +91 22 66626666/62610555 | F: +91 22 62610400/62610500 
Registered Office: 21st Floor, One International Center, Tower 4, Near Prabhadevi Railway Station, Senapati Bapat Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai – 400013 | 
T: +91 22 69477000 / 69477150 I F: +91 22 69477001/69477090 
W: www.hindalco.com |E: hilinvestors@adityabirla.com | Corporate ID No.: L27020MH1958PLC011238 
 
November17, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 500440  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Scrip Code: HINDALCO 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Scrip Code: US4330641022  
 
Sub:      Transcript of Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference call of Hindalco Industries Limited (‘the Company’)  
Ref:   
a. Regulation 30 of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’);  
b. ISIN: INE038A01020 & INE038A08124 and 
c. Our Intimation dated November 2, 2023 
 ________________________________________________________________________________  
 
Pursuant to the above referred, the transcript of the Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on 
November 10, 2023 is enclosed herewith.  
 
The above details along with the audio recordings of the Earnings Call are also available on the 
website of the Company i.e. www.hindalco.com   
 
Sincerely, 
 
for Hindalco Industries Limited  
 
 
 
 
Geetika Anand 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
GEETIKA 
RAGHUN
ANDAN 
ANAND
Digitally signed 
by GEETIKA 
RAGHUNANDAN 
ANAND 
Date: 2023.11.17 
14:00:53 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
   
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATISH PAI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – HINDALCO 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. PRAVEEN MAHESHWARI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUBIR SEN – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
HINDALCO INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. STEVE FISHER – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – NOVELIS 
MR. DEV AHUJA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NOVELIS 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Hindalco Industries FY '24 Second Quarter 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference call over to Mr. Subir Sen, Head of Investor Relations at Hindalco. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Subir Sen: 
Thank you and a very good afternoon and morning, everyone. On behalf of Hindalco Industries, 
I welcome you all to the earnings call for the second quarter of financial year 2024. In this call, 
we will refer to the Q2 FY '24 investor presentation available on our company's website. 
 
Some of the information on this call may be forward-looking in nature and is covered by the 
Safe Harbor language on slide number two of the said presentation. In this presentation, we have 
covered the key highlights of our consolidated performance for the second quarter of the 
financial year 2024 versus the corresponding period of the previous year. 
 
A business-wise comparative financial analysis of Novelis, Hindalco India aluminium and 
copper business is also provided. This presentation covers our Indian operations, aluminum 
upstream and downstream financials and operation performance separately to reflect the 
individual business segment performances in quarter 2 versus the corresponding period of the 
previous year. The corresponding segment information of the prior period will also been restated 
accordingly for a comparative analysis. 
 
Today, we have with us on this call from Hindalco's management, Mr. Satish Pai, Managing 
Director; Mr. Praveen Maheshwari, Chief Financial Officer. From Novelis' management, we 
have Mr. Steve Fisher, President and CEO; and Mr. Dev Ahuja, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Following this presentation, this forum will be open for any questions you may have. Post this 
call the audio replay of this conference call will also be available on our company's website. 
Now let me turn this call to Mr. Pai to take you through the company's performance in this 
quarter. 
Satish Pai: 
Thank you, Subir. Good afternoon and morning, everyone, and thank you for joining today's 
earnings call of Hindalco's performance for the second quarter of FY '24. At the beginning, let 
me wish all of you and your families a very happy Diwali. 
 
On slide five and six of this presentation, you can see our progress across various ESG metrics 
for this year versus the prior year. In our continuous efforts towards increasing green cover and 
biodiversity, we have successfully completed an all-season study under our biodiversity 
management plan for 12 of our mine sites and 4 units in Hindalco. In addition to this, study at 2 
sites and 1 mine clusters are also progressing well. 
 
CII's Biodiversity Index and carbon sequestration ground assessment was completed in 6 of our 
units in the first half of this year. I'm also happy to share with you that Hindalco has won the 
UNDP Mahatma Award for Excellence in Biodiversity Management in 2023. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
Hindalco continues to increase its share of recycling and reusing of waste. In the first half of FY 
'24, 80% of total waste were recycled and reused, in line with the same period of the previous 
year. We achieved recycling of 108% of bauxite residue and 103% of ash in H1 of this year. 
 
On the emissions, Hindalco is now pursuing ozone-depleting substances i.e, ODS phaseout 
programs at all our sites and targeting to be ODS-free by FY '26. Our flue gas desulfurization 
projects at Mahan and Aditya power plants are now commissioned. 
 
At the end of the first half, our aluminum-specific GHG emissions were recorded at 19.58 tons 
of CO2 per ton of aluminum, which is a bit higher than last year on account of higher power 
consumption at some of our smelters. This is expected to settle down with better efficiencies 
across our plants in the coming quarters. In terms of our progress in renewables, we have already 
reached 50% of our target of 300 megawatts by 2025 this quarter and completed 150 megawatts 
of renewables. Further 50 megawatts of solar and wind are under execution and expected to be 
completed by Q1 of FY '25. 
 
On the 100 megawatts of hybrid power project, the contract is executed with a target COD 
beginning in December 2024. On safety, the LTIFR in India was 0.18 in the first half, reflecting 
an improvement over H1 of last year's level and remains among the best in the industry. We 
have taken several initiatives to inculcate a safety culture, not only in our employees but also in 
their families. 
In addition to this, we have taken digitalization initiatives to develop the contractor safety 
management and a comprehensive safety audit and assurance software to further strengthen our 
systems to monitor safety with a target implementation date of March 2024. There were no 
fatalities recorded at our Indian operations in the first half of this year. 
 
We are on our way to achieve net water positivity by 2050. We stay committed to our zero liquid 
discharge at all our sites and a 20% reduction in specific water consumption by 2025 from the 
base year of FY '19. On the water positivity front, an additional 3 of our mine clusters have 
achieved water positivity in this quarter, taking the total to 5 as of September 2023. All these 
initiatives are in line with our target of achieving water positivity across all the mines by 2025. 
 
The civil work on the 5,000 kiloliters per day project at Renukoot is underway. We are not only 
implementing water audits for assessing rain water harvesting and recycling capabilities at our 
plant locations but have also initiated various desalination and other projects to achieve this goal. 
As a result, our desalination project and tertiary water recycling units at Dahej enabled a 
significant drop in freshwater consumption from 18.5 cubic meters per ton of metal in H1 FY 
'23 to 10.4% in H1 FY '24. 
 
I'm happy to share Hindalco's recognition as the world's most sustainable aluminum company 
for the fourth year in a row in the S&P Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes, Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment, CSA, ranking of 2023. This reflects our holistic approach to long-
term ESG performance. 
 
Let me now give you a glimpse of our quarterly consolidated performance in quarter 2 versus 
the previous quarter of this year on Slide 8. This quarter's performance on a consolidated basis 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
was driven by strong recovery in Novelis and aluminum India downstream businesses, backed 
by a record performance by the copper business. 
 
Our quarterly consolidated revenue was INR54,169 crores this quarter, up by 2% sequentially. 
Our consolidated business segment EBITDA was up 14% Q-on-Q at INR6,896 crores, whereas 
our overall reported EBITDA was flat sequentially at INR6,096 crores this quarter. The 
consolidated PAT was down 11% on a sequential basis at INR2,196 crores this quarter. 
 
In India aluminum business, we are currently hedged at around 11% at a price of $2,755 per ton 
for the remaining half of 2024. On the balance sheet side, our consolidated net debt stands at 
INR37,613 crores. The India operations net debt was INR1,174 crores, and Novelis was at 
INR36,439 crores at the end of September 2023. 
 
During this quarter, we prepaid a long-term debt of INR2,120 crores in Hindalco India operation. 
Hindalco at the consolidated level continues to maintain a strong balance sheet with a net debt-
to-EBITDA well below 2x at 1.66x at the end of September 2023. 
 
Hindalco has recently signed an MOU with Odisha Mining Corporation for a long-term supply 
of bauxite for its 2-million-ton alumina refinery and 160-megawatt captive power plant at 
Kansariguda in the Rayagada district of Odisha. Hindalco will invest around INR8,000 crores 
in this project in 2 phases. 
 
Our strategic capex in India as well as in Novelis are mapped to cash flow generation in the 
business and are in line with our capital allocation policy. Coming to our business-wide 
performance this quarter, Novelis shipments were at 933 Kt, up 6% quarter-on-quarter, primarily 
on account of higher beverage can shipments, which was up 12% sequentially, as destocking 
activity is largely behind us. 
Novelis delivered a quarterly EBITDA of $484 million, up 15% year-on-year on account of 
higher volumes and benefit on operating leverage along with better scrap utilization this quarter. 
The resulting EBITDA per ton stood at $519 per ton versus $479 in the previous quarter, up 8% 
sequentially. 
 
On Hindalco's India aluminum business performance, upstream aluminum performance this 
quarter was impacted by unfavorable macros. Total upstream shipments were lower by 2% Q-
on-Q at 334 Kt, where as revenues were down 2% sequentially at INR7,878 crores. Upstream 
EBITDA was up 7% sequentially at INR2,074 crores, supported by lower costs. The resulting 
EBITDA per ton was at $751 per ton, higher by 9% sequentially. 
 
EBITDA margins were also higher at 26.3% compared to last quarter and continue to be one of 
the best in the global industry in the current challenging business environment. Total third-party 
shipments were at 338 Kt, of which upstream was 245 Kt and downstream was 94 Kt this quarter. 
The downstream aluminum business shipments were up 15% quarter-on-quarter at 94 Kt, while 
revenues were up 8% sequentially at INR2,629 crores this quarter. 
 
However, aluminum downstream delivered an EBITDA of INR171 crores, up 16% quarter-on-
quarter on account of higher volumes. Our copper business continues to deliver consistent 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
performance this quarter as well. The overall metal shipments were at a record high of 134 Kt, 
up 13% Q-on-Q, of which CCR volumes were 100 Kt, up 2% sequentially this quarter.  
Revenues were up 8% Q-on-Q at INR12,441 crores this quarter on account of higher sales 
volumes. The quarterly copper EBITDA was at an all-time high of INR653 crores, up 23% Q-
on-Q on account of higher shipments and normalization of production of cathodes post the 
maintenance shutdown in the last quarter. 
 
Now let me give you a glimpse of the current broader economic environment on Slide 10. Global 
economic recovery remains resilient despite multiple challenges. IMF projects global GDP 
growth to moderate from 3.5% in 2022 to 3% in 2023 and to 2.9% in 2024. Advanced economic 
growth is expected to moderate from 2.6% in 2022 to an estimated 1.5% in 2023 and 1.4% in 
2024, amid strong U.S. but disappointing European Union performance. 
 
Emerging market economies have remained buoyant with growth projected to moderately 
decline from 4.1% in 2022 to 4% in both 2023 and 2024. In China, encouraging economic 
activity data since August 2023 and a strong GDP report in Q3 indicate economic recovery is 
gaining pace despite challenges in the housing sector. While downside risks remain moderating 
inflation without a major downturn in global activity and buoyant labor market are consistent 
with a soft landing scenario. 
 
As per IMF, global inflation is expected to decline steadily from 8.7% in 2022 to 6.9% in 2023 
and 5.8% in 2024. However, coal inflation is expected to decline more gradually. 
 
On the domestic front, despite the challenging global environment, India's growth momentum is 
holding up driven by strong domestic fundamentals, robust consumption demand, infrastructure 
spending and service sector activity, which continue to drive growth. However, weakening 
global demand, rising geopolitical tension and tighter credit conditions pose downside risk. 
 
RBI projects real GDP growth to moderate to 6.5% in FY '24 from 7.2% in FY '23 with evenly 
balanced risk. RBI's forward-looking surveys indicate better demand conditions, employment 
opportunities and industrial output going forward. Inflationary pressures have also eased with 
CPI inflation expected to moderate to 5.4% from for FY '24 from 6.7% last year in FY '23 on 
softer commodity prices and lower core inflation. The evolving geopolitical situation and its 
impact on crude oil and India's inflation trajectory is being closely watched by RBI, which has 
kept the rates on hold since February 2023. 
 
Moving on to the aluminum industry outlook on Slide 11 and 12. First, let me talk about China. 
In Q1 calendar year 2023, production in China declined in certain provinces like Yunnan, 
Guizhou and Shandong due to tight power supply. In Q2, with improving hydropower situation, 
the government released power to the smelters, resulting in increased aluminum production, 
especially in provinces of Yunnan and Guizhou. 
 
In Q3, production continued to grow by 4% at 10.7 million tons. Therefore, year-on-year basis, 
the overall production in China grew by 3% year-on-year at 30.7 million tons. On the 
consumption side, Q1 faced headwinds due to weak construction demand that led to a decline 
of 2% year-on-year to 9.4 million tons. In Q2, the Chinese demand recovered sharply by 7% to 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
10.9 million tons. And in Q3, this demand improved further to 11.1 million tons. These demands 
were strongly led by solar and EV markets, partially offsetting the weak construction demand. 
Hence, on a year-on-year basis, the overall consumption of aluminum was at 31.5 million tons. 
As a result, the Chinese market was in a deficit of 0.7 million tons at the end of September 2023. 
 
This quarter, aluminum Chinese production was at 10.7 million tons and consumption at 11.1 
million tons, leading to a market deficit of 0.4 million tons. In the world excluding China, in Q1 
of this calendar year, production was flattish year-on-year at 7.1 million tons. In the subsequent 
quarters, that is Q3 and -- Q2 and Q3, production improved marginally to 7.2 million and 7.4 
million tons, respectively. Therefore, on a year-to-date basis, overall production grew marginally 
by 1% at 21.7 million tons. 
 
Moving on to consumption with rising interest rates. Except for automotive, all other segments 
faced some headwinds. As a result, consumption declined sharply by 10% year-on-year in Q1 
to 6.8 million tons. In the subsequent quarters, consumption grew to $7 million each in Q2 and 
Q3. This decline was mainly due to headwinds in the building and construction sector as well as 
industrial machinery and consumer durables. 
Hence, on a year-to-date basis, the overall consumption stood at 20.7 million and production 
was at 21.7 million tons, resulting in a surplus of 1 million. Therefore, on a year-to-date basis, 
with the overall global production at 52.4 million and consumption at 52.2 million, the market 
is in a surplus of around just 0.3 million tons. 
 
In this quarter, both global production and consumption were at 17.5 million each, resulting in 
a balanced market. The global aluminum prices in this quarter were range-bound and averaged 
at $2,154 against $2,258 a ton in Q2. On a quarter-to-date basis, the global price of aluminum is 
around $2,200 a ton. In Q2 FY '24, domestic demand is likely to reach 1.3 million tons, reflecting 
a growth of 10% year-on-year and 13% sequentially. 
This sharp increase was supported by strong demand from electrical, building and construction 
sectors. However, the packaging segment faces some headwinds due to weakness in export-led 
demand, and consumer durables showed weakness in the cook ware segment. 
 
The global FRP demand is expected to decline by 3% in calendar year '23 versus a 3% growth 
in the last calendar year on account of softer macros. However, the FRP demand is expected to 
return in calendar year '24 to low to mid-single digits with demand recovery across all major 
sectors. The global demand for resilient beverage can sheet is expected to grow in the long run 
at a CAGR of 3%, although the customer inventory reduction is largely behind us now. The U.S. 
market demand is strong as promotional activities in North America will boost consumption of 
beverages in the coming months. The South America market is also strengthening as we proceed 
towards the summer with demand from beverages starting to pick up. 
 
The automotive segment is expecting to grow at the CAGR of 11% over the next 5 years driven 
by vehicle growth rates and lightweighting needs for fuel efficiency, performance and electric 
vehicle range. This growth is led by elevated levels of pent-up demand and EVs are gaining 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
share of the vehicle mix. The settlement of the UAW strike is a positive development for all auto 
sheet makers. 
 
The demand in specialties, especially in building and construction segment, remains cloudy due 
to seasonality and the current macroeconomic environment. While some optimism is seen in the 
U.S. building and construction market with higher share of new home build rates and ongoing 
demand for repair and remodel. 
 
The aerospace segment, demand for premium aerospace plate and sheet remains strong. Aircraft 
OEMs are forecasting a strong growth in aircraft build rates supported by multiyear backlogs of 
aircraft deliveries. In this sector, sustainability is also gaining importance, leading to higher 
consumption of aluminum. In FY '24, Indian FRP demand is expected to grow by 7% to 8% 
year-on-year, supported by growth in auto and packaging segment. This demand is likely to 
remain firm in the following quarters. 
 
Turning to the global copper industry on Slide 14. On a year-to-date basis, calendar year 2023, 
overall global copper production grew by approximately 5% to 19.2 million tons. In contrast, 
consumption also grew by 2.8% year-on-year at 18.9 million tons, resulting in a surplus of 0.3 
million tons. 
On a year-to-date basis, in calendar year '23, China's production increased by approximately 
11% at 8.6 million tons, whereas consumption grew by almost 7% to 10.6 million tons, resulting 
in a deficit of 2 million tons. The world, excluding China, increased its production by 1.2%; 
whereas consumption declined by 1.9% year-on-year, resulting in a surplus of 2.3 million tons 
on a year-to-date basis calendar year '23. 
 
In the third quarter of calendar year 2023, the overall global production of copper increased by 
4.6% year-on-year, while consumption grew by 1.8% compared to the corresponding period last 
year, resulting in a flattish growth year-on-year. In this quarter, Chinese production increased 
by 9.7%, while consumption grew by 4.6% year-on-year, resulting in a deficit of 0.8 million 
tons. 
 
In the world, excluding China, production of refined copper increased by 0.8% and consumption 
declined by 1.8% year-on-year, resulting in a global surplus of 0.9 million tons this quarter. On 
the domestic side, in Q2 FY '24, market demand increased by 7% year-on-year at 201 Kt versus 
187 Kt in Q2 FY '23. On a sequential basis, in Q2, the market demand increased by 3%, where 
as domestic producer share was close to 72%. The copper concentrate market was balanced this 
quarter with mine production in line with demand from global smelters. 
 
As a result, the spot TC/RC remained steady throughout the quarter, closely aligning with the 
benchmark TC/RC for calendar year '23 at $0.225 per pound. Looking ahead to the next quarter, 
an upswing in buying activity is anticipated due to the expected ramp-up and resumption of a 
few smelters, which were under maintenance in China. Details of our operational and financial 
performance in each of the business segments this quarter compared to the corresponding period 
of last year as well as sequential quarters are covered in further slides and the next years to this 
presentation. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
 
Now let me conclude today's presentation with some key takeaways. We, as a company, are 
working proactively to mitigate the current macroeconomic headwinds and cost pressures. Our 
resilient India business with a strong balance sheet is providing solid financial prudence to our 
organic growth strategy. We also continue to focus on resource security in terms of coal and 
bauxite, thereby reducing our dependency on external sources while expanding our value 
streams in terms of downstream products. 
 
Our Copper business again delivered its best-ever performance this quarter. We continue to 
focus on value-added products that we cater to the lease segment of special alloys and high-
purity copper rods and tubes.  Novelis continues on a strong recovery path with higher can 
shipments, resulting in benefits of operating leverage due to higher volumes and also higher 
utilization of scrap this quarter. This is reflected in the strong sequential improvements in both 
EBITDA and EBITDA per ton. 
 
Our approach in ESG continues to be comprehensive across value chains and in line with our 
interim as well as long-term target of 2050. We have already achieved 50% of our target of 300 
megawatts in renewables by 2025. Our LTIFR continues to be among the industry best this 
quarter as well. We continue to moderate and pace our new strategic capex both in India and 
Novelis in line with our generated free cash flow. We stay focused with our value-enhancing 
growth strategy directed towards organic growth while expanding downstream businesses in 
both aluminum and copper. We stay committed to maintain a strong balance sheet position and 
focus on shareholder value creation in the long run. 
 
Thank you very much for your attention, and we'll now open the forum up for your questions. 
Moderator: 
Our first question is from the line of Sumangal Nevatia from Kotak Securities. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
My first question is, sir, with respect to the copper division. So if you can just elaborate, what 
are the drivers for such a strong performance? Is it value addition, by-product credits or better 
TC/RCs? And should we extrapolate this sort of run rate of both volumes and profitability in the 
future? 
Satish Pai: 
So I think that it's a combination of all. It's certainly not higher TC/RCs because TC/RCs were 
not that high because we bought concentrate which were more richer in gold. So I think that the 
higher thing is because of higher volumes. So we took the opportunity of a higher market 
demand. 
 
And besides our cathodes, Sumangal, we also imported cathodes and converted to rods. So if 
you look at the sales volumes that we achieved, these contributed to this very strong quarter, 
besides the other value streams that we have, which is gold, silver, sulfuric acid, et cetera. 
 
Now on the run rate going forward, I think that we would stick to a guidance of INR500-550 
crores a quarter. I would not extrapolate from the INR650 crores. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Got it, sir. Sir, second, with respect to the aluminum division, is it possible to say how are we 
looking at the coal cost in coming quarters and overall other costs shaping up in the aluminum 
division in the next 1 or 2 quarters? 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think that, first, the coal cost Q1 to Q2 was 15% down sequentially. So our cost of 
production was down 6% Q2 to Q1. Now in the month of October what -- September, October, 
with power demand again going up, we have started to see spot auction rates coming up again. 
So we have looked at the mix of coal and the other input costs. I think coal is going to be slightly 
up in Q3, but some of the other input costs are continuing to trend down, like caustic, furnace 
oil, CP coke. So what we are guiding now is that in Q3, you should see a flattish cost of 
production versus Q2. 
Sumangal Nevatia: 
Understood, understood. And just one last question. Last quarter, sir, you said your outlook in 
aluminum prices, and you set a range of 21 to 23, and looks like the prices is stuck in this range. 
Incrementally, are you turning more cautious or bullish given the recent development of maybe 
Chinese weak demand and offsetting by some production cuts in Yunnan? Any incremental 
update on your thoughts on medium-term price outlook? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, what is clear to me after the London Metal Exchange week is that demand for aluminum 
in China remains quite steady. So any down in the demand due to B&C seems to have been more 
than made up with solar and electric vehicle aluminum demand. 
 
So I think that if you look at the supply-demand that I had in my prepared remarks, China is in 
a quite a big deficit for the metal. And in fact, it's being made up by the Rusal metal coming into 
China. So I personally believe -- and now Yunnan, again, the water has got less so they have 
had to announce production cuts. 
 
So I think that, personally, the market seems to be very sensitive to any remarks coming out on 
either the Chinese economy or interest rates. So I think that till things settle down, I stick with 
our guidance of 2,100 to 2,300. I still believe that supply and demand remains very tight and 
that any clearing up of the macroeconomic environment, you should start to see a positive trend 
in the prices. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Indrajit from CLSA. 
Indrajit: 
Two questions from my side. Following on from the earlier question, given that you are still 
positive on aluminum price outlook, any change in thought process or what is our current 
hedging in -- for FY '25? 
Satish Pai: 
Good question. So, what we did is -- we don't believe that this is a time to take a forward position. 
So what we did for FY '25 is that we actually hedged around 5% taking a zero collar, the bottom 
at 2,200 and a ceiling of 2,517. So it's a -- we hedge for insurance, not to take a forward look. 
 
So for next year, we started at that 5%, taking this collar. So at one hand, we are protecting the 
downside at 2,200. And of course, we are accepting a ceiling at 2,517. So that's what we have 
done for next year, Indrajit. 
Indrajit: 
Sure, sir. My second question is on -- again on cost of production. While you have given a very 
good outlook on how it is going to shape up in Q3. If you can help us understand, what is your 
actual cost of production for aluminum at smelter level , only for upstream, right? 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. We don't give that out, Indrajit. I'm quite sure with your model, you can back calculate, but 
I -- we don't give out the exact cost of production number. 
Indrajit: 
Okay. Then I'll put it differently. At current levels, is there either a 2Q or a spot basis, where are 
you on the global cost curve? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, we are firmly in the first quartile. And Aditya, Mahan, Renukoot are fully in the first 
quartile. And Hirakud the only one which is sort of on the right-hand side. So as a consolidated 
Hindalco, we are firmly in the first quartile and well to the left. 
Indrajit: 
Sure. One last housekeeping question. If you can give the quantum of alumina sales… 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. This quarter, we sold 138 Kt of alumina. I just wanted to remind you that our brownfield 
expansion of 350 Kt is now on stream. So I think you will start to see third-party sales in Q3 and 
Q4 being at a higher level. 
Indrajit: 
So we are not looking to take some shutdowns in the earlier legacy refineries? 
Satish Pai: 
No. We'll evaluate that because what is happening in Muri is that even though the cost is higher 
there, we are not using it for smelters. We are actually selling it into the third-party market where 
there's a good demand for hydrate. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. 
Amit Murarka: 
On alumina, so you have mentioned that you plan to set up this 2 million ton facility. So could 
you just provide some more details around that, like -- as to when will that come up exactly? 
And will that be fully for market sales? Or you plan to kind of back it up with some smelter 
capacity as well in the future? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, this Aditya alumina refinery is actually a very old project. And we had actually put it 
on hold because the -- we did not have the bauxite mine security. Now what has happened is that 
with the Odisha government, we have signed an MOU to get that bauxite supply. And hence, we 
are putting it up because we think it makes great economical sense. 
 
I think that the first 1 million tons will go in 2 phases: 1 million plus 1 million. The first 1 million 
is around slightly below INR6,000 crores of capex that will come up in the next 36 months. 
Because we already have the land, we already have the environmental clearance, we have 
already done the public hearing, so that's done. 
 
Now we -- our current plan is to sell it in the third-party market. As you remember, I have 
frequently reminded that until we try out the 100-megawatt of round-the-clock power in Aditya 
for next year, we will only expand aluminum capacity when we have more renewable power in 
the mix. It will not be coal-based. 
Amit Murarka: 
Sure, sure. Got it. Also, regarding the Chakla coal mine, I believe you had said that this will start 
operating in October '24. So those time lines are still holding or we should... 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. October '24 box cut, we are still holding that time line. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Amit Murarka: 
Okay, okay. And any update on Meenakshi? 
Satish Pai: 
The good news is we won Meenakshi West, which we have got notified and we'll start to work. 
On Meenakshi itself, we are still awaiting the CBA land issue. We are optimistic about it, but 
we do not know when that will come. But the next door mine, Meenakshi West, we bid on it and 
we have got the order and things like that. So we'll take a call -- if we get both mines, we will 
take a call on probably to keep Meenakshi. But at this stage, we are working with Meenakshi 
west. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. 
Amit Dixit: 
The first question is, if you can detail about the coal sourcing mix in this quarter? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, sure. So the coal mix impact, we had very good materialization of the linkage. So linkage 
coal was 53%, e-auction was 40%, own mines were 5%, and import and others were 2%. So I 
think that this was the mix that we had. And as I said, our coal costs were sequentially on a 
consumption basis down by 15%. 
Amit Dixit: 
Sir, going ahead, since the Coal India’s production is continuously increasing and they are also 
satisfying power demand fully, you expect a further materialization now -- further higher 
materialization of linkage? Or 33% is something that we are looking at the optimum level? 
Satish Pai: 
No. You see 53% towards of our mix. Our materialization of the linkages were nearly 90% this 
quarter. That's why we could get the coal costs down. So they are giving -- whatever linkages 
we have, they're giving -- in Q2, they gave a good materialization. 
 
As I said, towards the end of September and in the month of October, the temperatures still were 
very high, the power demand in India was high. Then they again started to divert coals to IPP, 
which is why the spot auctions in October, again, premiums jumped up. 
 
So that's why we are a bit cautious and we are saying that in Q3, coal price could be a little bit 
higher. But we'll balance it up with the lower input costs from the other side, and we are guiding 
for a flat cost of goods production. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay. That's very helpful, sir. The second question is on the note number nine of the consolidated 
financial statement wherein you mentioned that in October '23, you have decided to close the 
cold-rolled and finishing line in the U.S. So just wanted to understand the -- what are the typical 
products for which segment they are being closed down? And when you have mentioned that 
the total expense would be $25 million to $35 million. Some of it is accelerated depreciation. So 
just wanted to understand the cash outgo out of the $25 million to $35 million. 
Satish Pai: 
You are talking about the shutdown that we have announced of our plant in Clayton ? 
Satish Pai: 
Guidance is that the cost of shutting down could be $20 million to $25 million. It's in one of the 
notes. So, Dev, if you can just give an update on that. 
Dev Ahuja: 
Yes. So yes, I wasn't able to hear the question earlier. But basically, just as a full background. 
So this is a plant which economically simply does not make sense because of the kind of products 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
we are making there. We don't see any future. It's an old plant with high fixed costs. And so 
most of the impairment or write-off is going to be basically book value of assets. And it's going 
to be a couple of million of severance costs. So it is simply good economics and just makes sense 
to get the Facility to closure. 
 
As we announce the next quarter, we will give some more details. But the headline is that these 
products don't have too much of a future. They are in a highly competitive segment. Fixed cost 
is -- fixed cost savings is going to be extremely good in order to sort of really quickly pay back 
on the onetime cost that we are going to incur to close the plant. That's really what it is. 
Amit Dixit: 
Are there any other sites that might be in your radar at this point in time that are having high 
fixed cost and uneconomical product that you might decide to close later on? 
Dev Ahuja: 
Well, we keep looking at it. I mean there is -- we always keep looking at rationalization 
opportunities. And so it's like never say no. This is a continuous evaluation that we keep doing 
based upon market, based upon sort of really what makes sense in the overall strategy. So at this 
moment, this is what we have, but it's a continuous process of review. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Satyadeep Jain from Ambit Capital. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Just a follow-up on the alumina question, Mr. Pai. It seems like the company is increasingly 
going along alumina. What's the strategy or thought behind that? Do you see a shortage of 
alumina globally? Do you think the mines, the facilities you're looking at could be maybe lower 
cost compared to some of the other refineries? What's the thought process behind? Will you 
already long alumina and you're going further long. That's the first question. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, good question. I think that what we look at is a fairly regional market, largely taking the 
Middle East smelters into view. So if you look at the whole spectrum from EGA to Sohard, to 
Alba, I mean, for us to sell about 1 million to 2 million tons of alumina in this market. And we 
found that the pricing we get is linked to -- indexed to LME. And as you rightfully said, the cost 
of production of alumina that we can achieve, there is a very healthy return on these investments, 
so which is why we are doing it. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
So on this new facility you're looking at and the new OMC, just tied to that would be there is no 
further potential to expand Utkal? And also the Baphlimali mine that you have is one of the cost-
competitive advantages you have in producing alumina at Utkal. Would you not have capability 
to use that mine? And if not, would OMC mine also have similar characteristics to be able to 
give you that kind of advantage? 
Satish Pai: 
No. See, the issue with Utkal is we started, I think, the 1.5 million tons when we originally set 
up Utkal. Today, its capacity is already 2.5 million tons, so 2.5 million tons into 3 million tons. 
So what is getting clear is that if you keep expanding in Utkal, the Baphlimali mine will run out 
very fast. So we wanted to preserve at least a certain mine life in Baphlimali and open up a new 
source of bauxite. This is really looking into the next 10, 15 years for the company, so which is 
why we did as much brownfield expansion, which is nearly 1 million tons we added to the Utkal 
capacity. And we think the time is right now. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
 
And by the way, as I said, it's not a new project. This was always in our plan ever since I joined 
Hindalco, but we didn't have that bauxite security, which is why we waited until we got that do 
this project. And alumina certainly seems to be a pretty safe investment and a good return right 
now. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Okay. Just one quick question on the linkage coal. I think a couple of quarters ago, you 
mentioned the 3 million ton of tranche 2 and 3 that expired, and you were in the process of 
auction, and maybe they will get settled by 1Q. What's the update on those auctions that we got 
those 3 million tons back? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, yes. We got tranche 2 and tranche 3. In fact, now we are focused on tranche 4, which is 
going to expire in January of next year and the upcoming auctions and all to secure that. So 
tranche 2 and tranche 3, we got and we got it at reasonably good prices. I mean it's slightly higher 
than what we had but not much. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
And how much is tranche 4? 
Satish Pai: 
So tranche 4 is another 3 million that will come up in January, largely in the NCL region. And 
we are working on securing that now. 
Satyadeep Jain: 
Wish you all a happy Diwali. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Going back on alumina, do you plan to enter into any long-term offtake agreement with the 
Middle East smelters that you're talking about? Or would you largely follow the spot model? 
Satish Pai: 
No, no. We will do -- we have already been with the expansion that we did in Utkal. We are 
signing annual to bi-annual contracts, which are indexed prices to LME. You get a percentage 
of LME price. So we will be doing a reasonable amount of longer-term contracts. No, we will 
not be doing -- trying to sell 1.5 million tons on the spot market. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right. Another related question was we have seen sort of the alumina capacity expansion in 
China and effectively, China turning into sort of an exporter rather than an importer. So looking 
forward over, say, 5, 7 years, do we expect aluminum market to still remain in deficit globally 
with... 
Satish Pai: 
See, it's a little bit, as I was trying to explain, of a regional play. I don't think that China will 
become a big exporter of alumina per se. I do know that they are sending a lot to Russia now to 
Rusal. But for us, the market that we are looking at is really the Middle East. And the Middle 
East, we will be tying up with longer-term contracts, which they're quite happy to do. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Right. Sir, understood. One more question was about your accounts under the comprehensive 
income, where we are indicating the effective portion of cash flow has a loss of INR2,272 crores. 
Could you explain what does that pertain to? 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Dev Ahuja: 
So these are just MTM gains and losses on the cash flow hedges, which is the hedging that we 
take. And this basically reflects the movement of LME or the currency, depending upon where 
the hedge lies. So this just goes to the other comprehensive income, and it does not have a direct 
impact on our P&L because it can change next quarter again. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
This is the 5% hit that we have taken for 2025 or the 25% hedge that we had for '24? 
Corresponding entries are here marked-to-market? 
Devinder Ahujal: 
It is for all the existing hedges that exists on the date of the balance sheet or, let's say, the quarter 
end. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
But apart from the aluminum price hedges, do we hedge any other component as well? 
Dev Ahuja: 
So basically, it's LME. Then we have currency hedges in certain cases, then we have sometimes 
the furnace oil. So those are the hedges that we typically take, commodity hedges basically. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
Is it primally for the India operations? Or is it all for Novelis as well? 
Dev Ahuja: 
So it includes Novelis as well because Novelis also takes hedges. These are offset hedges 
typically for their operations because they deal with aluminum. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Pallav Agarwal from Antique Stockbroking. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So the first question was on the Novelis term loan that we've taken. So given that interest rates 
are going up, so is it that the new borrowings are at a higher rate of interest than the earlier one? 
So what exactly is the rationale for this new borrowing? 
Dev Ahuja: 
Actually, that's at a more favorable spread. It's floating, right? So you are right that right now, 
SOFR and in general, interest rates are at an elevated level. But as far as the spread goes, we 
have refinanced our $750 million at a more favorable spread on SOFR. 
 
We also believe that sometimes starting middle of next year, interest rates will start coming 
down. But to your precise question, this has been refinanced on slightly more favorable terms. 
And the rationale is basically that this term loan would have matured in early 2025. So we just 
wanted to refinance it well in time. So that's really what it is. 
Satish Pai: 
The existing loan was also on a SOFR plus X basis points. 
Dev Ahuja: 
Exactly. So it's had a more favorable spread on SOFR, basically. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
So given that our credit metrics have improved substantially, so I guess that would also help get 
a more favorable rate of interest? 
Dev Ahuja: 
Yes, you can say that. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. Sir, the other question was on the alumina expansion. Now if I look at probably the 
Chinese cost of production of alumina is probably north of $300. So whereas we have very 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
competitive cost of production at the Indian facilities. So is that something of an arbitrage that 
can sustain going ahead as well? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I think the Chinese alumina -- the existing alumina they have is boehmitic. So it's not -- the 
high cost will remain. And then they have to bring in bauxite from Australia and out. So -- but 
you see, it's not a market that we export to. So the difference in alumina costs will remain, but 
it's not something that was a part of our decision-making. I repeat again, we looked at the market 
in the Middle East and which we are already selling to now based on the excess long alumina 
position we have. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. But that set that probably helped support global alumina prices as well, right, so the 
Chinese... 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. So -- and the way our contracts are built is as a percentage of the LME aluminium price, so 
normally running at roughly 14% or 15%. So it is also linked to how aluminum moves. 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Sure, sir. So also, if you could just throw some more color on the aluminum pricing because 
crude oil has come off significantly from the recent highs. So even though it's winter and 
probably natural gas prices could go up, but how do you see the energy cost push playing out in 
the short term with respect to aluminum prices? 
Satish Pai: 
So -- I'm sorry, I didn't get your question. Energy costs in India or in Europe? 
Pallav Agarwal: 
Globally. I'm talking about crude oil prices have declined pretty sharply off late. So would that 
offset some of the cost push from higher natural gas prices? 
Satish Pai: 
Not really. I mean we see crude oil comes down. The linkage for crude oil to us is a little bit of 
a linkage to the furnace oil, and furnace oil prices are also coming down, which is why I said in 
our Q3 cost/mix, even if coal goes up a bit, CP coke, furnace oil, caustic prices are down. So -- 
and the natural gas prices, the only effect for us is Novelis in Europe, which has no real linkage 
to crude oil prices. That's going to depend on how severe the winter is there. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. One is on the working capital side. We have seen a release of 
working capital in this quarter, which was aided in our capital expenditure. So what is the 
outlook for that and whether we can see the same kind of run rate to complete all expansion 
project on time? 
Dev Ahuja: 
I'm sorry, I was on mute. So we have a pattern where in the first 6 months of the year, we build 
inventory and we basically have use of cash when it comes to working capital. And in the second 
part of the year, most pronouncedly in the fourth quarter, we have a big release of converting 
capital primarily because of inventories going down. So we build up using capacity in the earlier 
part of the year while shipments are more weighed towards the end of the year. And so we have 
a release of working capital. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
 
So basically, what has happened this year is that there is a use of cash. And the use of cash is 
related to buildup of inventory, number one; number two, it is reduction of payables. Because 
we had purchased metal and we are now processing that metal and we are not replacing that 
metal, and so therefore, they don't build new payables. So that is really the dynamic. So it's 
basically a seasonal dynamic that happens. In short, that's really what it is. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Right. And sir, at the company level, what is the guidance for capex for the next 2 years? 
Satish Pai: 
So look, I'll go ahead and -- Dev give the Novelis and I'll give the India. Go ahead. 
Dev Ahuja: 
Yes. So basically, at the Novelis level, we expect the capex now to be much lower than our 
earlier guidance. We expect the capex to be in the $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion and most likely, it 
will be at the lower end of the range. So basically, that is what we are at right now. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. And I think for India, this year, we will be between INR4,000 crores to INR4,500 crores. I 
think that for the coming year, we'll give you that guidance probably in the February call once 
we firm up our plan. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
Okay, sir. And sir, my last question on what is our cost of production of alumina and the current 
realization you've made for this quarter, alumina. 
Satish Pai: 
We don't -- both for aluminum and alumina, we don't give you our cost of production. That's a 
little bit of a competitive information. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
But alumina also, you are in the first quartile? I'm just talking specifically the merchant alumina 
business in terms of COP. 
Satish Pai: 
I think in alumina, it's not just the first quartile, but the number one rated lowest cost in the world 
for the third-party market we sell from Utkal. 
Rajesh Majumdar: 
And could you share the realization for 2Q for aluminum and alumina that you can share in 
dollars per ton? 
Satish Pai: 
Yes. I mean the NR realization for -- I think for alumina, it was in Q2 was about $337 per ton 
was the metal bulletin price in Q2. And the aluminum NR for the quarter -- you, guys, have it 
handy? It's INR199 per kg, the net realization of aluminum. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Aditya Welekar from Axis Securities. 
Aditya Welekar: 
On the aluminum downstream side, sir, do we expect higher shipments next year as our 
Sambalpur FRP will come online? And also correspondingly, our EBITDA per ton will improve 
because in this quarter, it was almost flat sequentially despite the shipments rising by 15%. 
Satish Pai: 
Yes, we are running at about $220 per ton. So what will happen is that the Silvassa extrusion, 
which is a 30 Kt expansion we did and is ramping up, you will see all 30 Kt of that come in next 
year. The Sambalpur 170 Kt of FRP will start sometime end of next year. So you will only see 
that the year after. 

 
 
Hindalco Industries Limited 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Aditya Welekar: 
Understood. One -- and the last one, if you can just confirm on the commissioning date of Bay 
Minette facility? And will it ramp up to the full 600 Ktpa once it gets commissioned? Or it will 
have some ramp-up time? And do we have all the downstream facility to consume that 600 Ktpa? 
Steve Fisher: 
Yes. So the commissioning time frame is late calendar year 2025. That is what we guided to last 
quarter as well. The 600 Kt, we have all finishing equipment to be able to supply primarily the 
beverage packaging and the automotive markets. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question of our question-and-answer session. I would now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Pai for closing remarks. 
Satish Pai: 
I just wanted to again reiterate that we had another steady quarter with great performance coming 
from Novelis, the Copper business in India. And based on a good cost of production 
performance, the upstream aluminum business, even though LME was down 5% we improved 
the EBITDA margin Q1 to Q2. So with that, I thank you for your attention, and wish you all a 
very Happy Diwali. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Hindalco Industries Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
