 
ALEMBIC PHARMACEUTICALS LIMITED 
REGD. OFFICE: ALEMBIC ROAD, VADODARA - 390 003. ● TEL: (0265) 2280550, 2280880 ● FAX: (0265) 2281229 
Website : www.alembicpharmaceuticals.com ● E-mail : alembic@alembic.co.in ● CIN : L24230GJ2010PLC061123 
 
Date: 10th November, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code:533573 
To, 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
‘Exchange Plaza’, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: APLLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of Post Results Conference Call held on 7th November, 2023 
Ref: Our Intimation dated 16th October, 2023 
With reference to the captioned matter, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of 
the Conference Call held on 7th November, 2023. 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
Manisha Saraf 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: A/a. 
 
MANISHA SARAF
Digitally signed by MANISHA SARAF 
Date: 2023.11.10 16:42:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRANAV AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. SHAUNAK AMIN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. R. K. BAHETI – DIRECTOR (FINANCE) & CFO 
MR. MITANSHU SHAH – HEAD (FINANCE) 
MR. AJAY KUMAR DESAI – SENIOR VP (FINANCE) 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
We have with us today Mr. Pranav Amin – Managing Director, Mr. 
Shaunak Amin – Managing Director, Mr. R. K. Baheti – Director-Finance 
& CFO, Mr. Mitanshu Shah – Head -Finance and Mr. Ajay Kumar Desai 
– Senior VP- Finance. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on a 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. R. K. Baheti. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thanks. Good evening everyone. Thank you all for joining the second 
quarter results conference call. I'm sure you would have got the results 
by now. 
Let me, however, briefly take you through the numbers for the Quarter 
Ended 30th of September 2023: 
During the quarter, our revenue grew by 8% to Rs. 1,595 crores. 
EBITDA is Rs. 218 crores, which is 14% of sales and net profit is Rs. 
137 crores.  
During H1, the revenue grew by 13% to Rs. 3,081 crores. EBITDA is 
Rs. 428 crores, which is 14% of sales again, and grew by 27%. Net 
profit is Rs. 257 crores, grew by 47% before considering non-recurring 
items of corresponding period.  
EBITDA and net profit are not exactly comparable with previous year 
corresponding period as Rs. 61 crores and Rs. 116 crores of cash 
expenses for Q1 and H1 respectively and Rs. 12 crores and Rs. 23 
crores of depreciation has been expensed out in Q2 and H1 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
respectively for the new manufacturing units which were earlier being 
capitalized in previous corresponding period. So the current year profits 
both at the EBITDA level and at the net profit level are after charging off 
all the expenses of facilities F2, F3 and F4.  
EPS for the quarter before non-recurring items is 6.95 per share versus 
with 7.09 for the previous year. And for H1, it is 13.08 per share versus 
8.93 in the previous year. 
Our gross borrowing at consolidated level is at Rs. 784 crores versus 
Rs. 693 crores on September 2022. The Company has Rs. 141 crores 
of cash in hand versus Rs. 65 crores on September 2022. Net debt 
equity stands at 0.14, almost same as compared to the previous year. 
Our new development for this quarter has been solar plant installation. 
I'm happy to share with you that our 12 megawatt solar plant has been 
commissioned with effect from 4th of October 2023 and is operational 
at rated capacity. The effect of capitalization and energy savings will be 
reflected in Q3 onwards. The project has a healthy ROI of 18% to 20% 
with payback of less than 5 years at the current electricity rate in the 
state. 
I would now request Shaunak to take you through India business. 
Shaunak. 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes, thank you Mr. Baheti. India business, we clocked in Rs. 577 crores, 
which is a growth of 5% in Q2 versus industry growth of 7% as per IMS, 
partly due to extended summer and muted demand in antibiotic and 
respiratory markets.  
Despite its low growth, the specialty therapies in gynecology, 
antidiabetic, ophthalmology saw an impressive growth, which was 9% 
as per IMS.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
In the antibiotic and respiratory segments, which were heavily degrowth 
for the Market for the quarter, we have a relatively better performance 
in terms of growth numbers, which is there in the investor presentation.  
We had significant new launches in the last 12 months, and they 
continue to do well, and we have some strong new launches in the India 
Business lined up in H2 across our key product segments. 
The animal health care business, which is a significant part of our 
portfolio, grew at 32% for the quarter. And a highlight for this is we 
added manpower with a new division in livestock with a 350-person 
headcount. And along with this, we expect growth to get accelerated in 
the coming quarters and years. 
We will now move on to the international business. 
Pranav Amin: 
Thank you. The US business grew 6% year-on-year basis and 14% 
sequentially. As we mentioned, we are focused on launching new 
products in this year and improving efficiencies and execution in the mid 
term.  
Importantly, the ex US formulation business, which grew by 17% as well 
as API business, which grew by 10% have been doing very well in the 
last couple of years. We're confident of good performance in both these 
verticals in the current year.  
The R&D expense is Rs. 121 crores for the quarter, which is 8% of 
sales. We have been working at optimizing our R&D costs and 
improvements are on track.  
We filed 2 ANDAs during the quarter and cumulative ANDA filings at 
252.  
We received 6 approvals in the quarter and cumulative we have 190 
ANDA approvals including 25 tentative approvals.  

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
We launched 3 products in the US during the quarter and plan to launch 
over 10 products during the second half of this year.  
All our plants are in compliance mode and EIRs are in place. 
The US Generics were at Rs. 444 crores for the quarter.  
The ex-US generics grew 17% to Rs. 252 crores for the quarter, 
whereas the API business grew by 10% to Rs. 322 crores for the 
quarter. 
Now, I would like to open the floor for question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, so the first question is on other expenses. We have seen a sharp 
increase quarter-on-quarter. Is it this is because of expensing of the 
new facilities? And should we see this as a new base or it has got 
anything one-off included in it? Excluding R&D I am talking about? 
R. K. Baheti: 
You are right. Actually it is not quarter –on-quarter, quarter one also we 
had charged off these expenses to P&L. This is more to do the 
comparison with the previous year's quarter where these expenses 
were not charged,  as I said Rs. 60 crores of expenses come into this 
part of the quarter as other expenses and of course, salaries and all 
that. As far as the comparison between quarter-on-quarter is 
concerned,  Q2 of financial year is always a high-spend quarter for the 
domestic business. So that way, it's not comparable. But you are right 
new facilities account for a little bit expensive. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So sir, this will be the new base. Now we should take it for the 
subsequent quarters. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Again, with a little decline in sales promotion expenses in Q3 would be 
safe, but Q4 probably... 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Pranav Amin: 
So if you see the new facilities, yes, this is the new base, because you 
have about Rs. 60 crores, Rs. 70 crores of cost for the new facilities, so 
this will be the new base. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Rs. 60 crores – Rs. 70 crores every quarter related to the new facility, 
right? 
Pranav Amin: 
Additional that we're having, yes, absolutely. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And sir, what we see that, your US business has improved quarter-on-
quarter, then we are also seeing that the non-US business is also better. 
In terms of India business, your acute therapies showed a lower growth, 
but your specialty and other therapies are doing well. And despite all 
this, we are also seeing a quarter-on-quarter dip in your gross margin. 
So any specific reason for it? Also, if you can call out related to the input 
cost, that is the cost for raw material, whether it is softening for you or 
stabilized. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Actually speaking, there is no decline in gross margin. Gross margin 
has been consistent. It's slightly better than the previous year. And on 
a sequential basis and for the current year, very  minor changes maybe 
because of product mix, otherwise gross margin is consistent. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So it is only related to the product mix when we see quarter-on-quarter, 
right? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Yes. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Any ballpark guidance you would like to give on the gross margin as 
well as on the EBITDA margin front? 
R. K. Baheti: 
We don't give guidance, but we have said in the past that GM 70%. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
70% you're talking about the gross margin? 
R. K. Baheti: 
Couple of points. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And nothing on the EBITDA margin guidance? 
R. K. Baheti: 
No, I mean, we are not giving guidance, but current number, we'll be 
happy to continue the current number for the time being. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it, sir. And sir last on the US business, if you can throw some light 
whether quarter-on-quarter growth is mainly because of new launches 
or you have seen some improvement in the base business, any 
stabilization in the price erosion if you can talk more on that part? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, it's a good question. he US business we had a couple of launches 
from these facilities that came up. As you know, Alembic, we typically 
take some time to get market share, so it's there, so some of it is new 
launches. There is still erosion in the market. It depends molecule to 
molecule. Some people are a little more aggressive. As and when we 
see people coming to the market, there may be some, but by and large, 
it's a little lesser. As you know, the volumes and the demand for us is 
still quite strong. We're still getting a lot of volume. It's just not at the 
prices that we like, but the volume is still quite strong in some of the 
older products as well. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, so we will be able to maintain this kind of run rate in the 
subsequent quarters also. 
Pranav Amin: 
Let's wait and see how it goes, unless there's significant erosion if 
there's a new entrant and it really drop prices even further, we lose out. 
So yes, as of now, the status quo. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Damayanti Kerai from 
HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
My question is on the US business. So Pranav, you mentioned new 
launches have definitely helped a quarter. But can you specify how has 
been pickup on the injectable launches side like how many launches 
done and what are your observations on market pickup for those 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
products so far? And the kind of erosion in injectable, is it very different 
from what we see in the oral products? 
Pranav Amin: 
It's still early days for us. To be honest, from F3, which is a general 
injectable, we've just launched 2 products, one ophthalmic and one 
injectable. So it's early days for us. On the Onco side, we've launched 
a couple of products and the pickup has been pretty good. So we're 
pretty happy with it. It is both on injectables as well as OSD side. It's 
been pretty good. But for me to give a better answer, I would still require 
a couple of quarters because these are just very few products. I don't 
want to have an opinion just based on a few products. But so far, it's 
pretty good on the pickup that we're seeing and the demand. 
Damayanti Kerai: 
And the level of price erosion, maybe it's early days, but is it better than 
what we generally see in the oral launch? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, again, it's a small subset of products. On the injectables, we only 
got a couple of products, three or four products in the market. So it's still 
early to say around the particular products that we have, yes, the 
erosion is not there, or not as much as that we're seeing. 
Damayanti Kerai  
And very broadly say like 2 to 3 years from now, how would you see 
your US portfolio say between oral and non-oral products? Because I 
guess you're focusing more on a bit of differentiated launches to offset 
price erosion etc. 
Pranav Amin: 
I think what will happen is your OSD part of it will always be there. So 
for me from being 100% OSD, I see how we've moved as a company, 
we've got a bunch of ophthalmics now, we've got a bunch of derm 
products, about 15-odd ophthalmic products, we've got 2 inhalation 
products and now we'll have the injectables also coming through. So 
the OSD bit will gradually start coming down. 
Damayanti Kerai  
And on a Derm portfolio, have you seen any improvement on pricing or 
is it still very challenging? 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Pranav Amin: 
The Derm has been a good business for us in the first half of the year, 
predominantly due to some shortages in the market. So that business 
has been quite profitable for us for the first half of the year. 
Damayanti Kerai  
But the pricing challenges continue there, right? So one estimate may 
have benefited from some demand etc. 
Pranav Amin: 
 Yes, we've seen some shortages in the market which benefited us for 
a couple of products. 
Damayanti Kerai  
And my last question is on India bit. So second quarter obviously muted 
seasonal impact etc. But in coming quarters, how do you see growth 
picking up and what key drivers? 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes,  on the India business,  what gives us confidence of moving 
forward as you know, if you have a copy of the investor presentation, I 
have put in a slide specifically for the slowdown and if you see versus 
the slowdown, we've relatively performed better. So our net debt 
growth, I think is +3.5 -+4 versus market. That also plus on the back of 
a very high base last year, post COVID for azithromycin and a lot of 
liquid preparations. Going forward, we're extremely confident. We 
expect the market to stabilize coming into Q3, Q4. And we expect 
growth to return to a strong double digit growth. Having that said, if 
market throws no surprises in the future,  we should be very 
comfortable. And if I look at it from a growth profile, from a portfolio point 
of view,  once the acute piece comes back on track,  we will see at least 
a high single digit to double digit growth across all products all 
therapeutic segments. 
Damayanti Kerai  
So depends on your broader market trends, but you are comfortable 
with high single digit to double digit given that there are no... 
Shaunak Amin: 
Yes, as you're aware, the acute, both antibiotic solid and liquid plus 
respiratory cough and cold are all at negative, -5, -7 for the quarter. Yes, 
it's very challenging to grow on that, but  like I said, if we don't see any 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
base effect coming in, going forward, I think we're quite comfortable to 
deliver those kind of numbers consistently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP 
BlackRock. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, you have about 129 products in the US. In how many of these do 
you think do you have market share, which is lower than where you 
ideally want it to be? And how soon can we expect that market share 
scale up? 
Pranav Amin: 
It's not as simple as branded market, right? And the reason what we do 
is to pick market shares, really you have to go and drop prices and we 
won't be comfortable with dropping prices in most of these products. So  
the market share that we have is we take an opportunity based on the 
shortage we like to pick up market share because we can get it at a 
better price. So we are pretty happy with where we are. On the newer 
products, as I mentioned, I am not just now, I've always mentioned that 
we take a little time ramping up because we wait for good opportunities 
to get it. So on the last, the launches that we would have done in the 
last couple of quarters, 2-3 quarters, yes, I there may be some potential 
in some of these products to increase the market share. Otherwise, 
we're pretty happy with where we are. We do have a very good track 
record with supplies, so we actively get solicited a lot by the buyers to 
participate in some bids, but we only do so if the price is interesting. But 
on the volume side, we're pretty confident, so if we want to get more 
market share, we can. It's just we have to be happy with the price that 
we want to get around. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Is it fair to say that between, so you've launched over the last 6 months 
maybe 10 odd products, is it safe to say between 12 and 15 products is 
where your market share is still ramping up, it's probably suboptimal 
than where we? 
Pranav Amin: 
Yes, and some of especially with the new facilities, definitely it takes 
some time to ramp up and we want to be more confident of supplies, 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
because we don't want to get into a situation where we take on orders 
and we can't supply and have shortages and penalties. So we normally 
do that gradually as we get more confident. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. And generally, when you look at this entire portfolio of 129 
products, how have you seen? I know price erosion is a difficult number, 
but in how many products would you have probably seen price 
increases and price declines, which are beyond the normal single-digit 
kind of erosion that you have? 
Pranav Amin: 
It's very tough to answer it, you know, Chirag, because it really depends 
product to product. If someone comes in aggressively on a product, 
then yes, you will see double digit price erosion. At certain times, we 
give up the business, certain times we match up. So it's very tough to 
give an overview answer. There is still the erosion in the market. But as 
you've seen, it's kind of bottoming out. But yes, some people still go a 
little lower. 
Chirag Dagli; 
Understood. And sir, how many pending ANDAs do we have at the 
moment? 
Pranav Amin: 
About 62. 62 pending and this year we'll file about 15, over 15 products.  
Our filing rate also will reduce our R&D spend from 20-25 that we were 
doing will come down to about 15 or so. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. And sir, can you give some color around the quality of this 
pending ANDAs in terms of injectables, oncology, derma or else, just 
some color, qualitative color. 
Pranav Amin: 
Our aim is to get a little more complex filings. This is going to take some 
time. As you know, we've got a little bit of a delay, but in the future we 
should see more complex filings on the injectable site. 
Chirag Dagli: 
So my question was on the ones that you've already filed, the 62 and 
probably the 15 that you will file in 24. Just some color around. 

 
Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Pranav Amin: 
Because out of the 62, you have some which are OSDs, some which 
are derm, some which are ophthalmic, and the balance are injectables. 
Injectable filings are about 15 odd products or so. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Of the 62, 12-15 are injectables. 
Pranav Amin: 
Roughly, something like that, yes. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And derms, how many, sir? 
Pranav Amin : 
Derm, I think, must be another 5 to 10. 
Chirag Dagli: 
And sir just a last question, if I can. When do you really think the US 
business will see a material change in the numbers? We're still in this 
$50 to $60 million quarterly kind of run rate. But if you have to kind of 
think about this business longer term, when do you think this business 
really inflects from an absolute dollar million standpoint? 
Pranav Amin: 
Its variable. Ideally, this should grow. As we get more products. Let's 
wait a couple of quarters to see how we do and how we do with the 
launches on the new products. And then we'll get an idea.  we'll see 
gradually ramping up as we get more products and we shall launch in 
the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our 
question and answer session. As there are no further questions, I would 
now like to hand the conference over to Mr. R. K. Baheti for closing 
comments. 
R. K. Baheti: 
Thanks. So, thank you once again to all participants. And if anybody 
has any followup questions, they can be in touch with Mitanshu or Ajay. 
I wish you all a very happy Diwali and a cheerful festive season. All the 
best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Alembic Pharmaceuticals Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
