 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
Regd. Office : Fortis Hospital, Sector 62, Phase – VIII, Mohali – 160062 
Tel : 0172-5096001, Fax : 0172-5096221, CIN : L85110PB1996PLC045933 
Fortis Healthcare Limited  
Tower-A, Unitech Business Park, Block-F, 
South City 1, Sector – 41, Gurgaon, 
Haryana – 122 001 (India) 
Tel  
 
: 0124 492 1033 
Fax 
 
: 0124 492 1041 
Emergency 
: 105010 
Email 
 
: secretarial@fortishealthcare.com 
Website 
: www.fortishealthcare.com 
 
   November 15, 2023 
FHL/SEC/2023-24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.         
Scrip Symbol: FORTIS 
    BSE Limited 
    Scrip Code:532843 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investors / Analysts’ meet under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Madam / Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the investors / analysts meet held on November 10, 2023 to discuss the 
Company’s un-audited financial results for the quarter and period ended September 30, 2023. Further, the said 
transcript is also available on the website of the Company i.e. Transcript 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For Fortis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Murlee Manohar Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F9598  
 
Encl: a/a 
 
MURLEE 
MANOHAR JAIN
Digitally signed by 
MURLEE MANOHAR JAIN 
Date: 2023.11.15 19:09:32 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY’24 Post Results Conference Call 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. ASHUTOSH RAGHUVANSHI – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – FORTIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK GOYAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
FORTIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
MR. ANURAG KALRA – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
MR. AMIT MAHENDRU – DEPUTY GENERAL 
MANAGER, INVESTOR RELATIONS – FORTIS 
HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. AVINASH TRIPATHI – SENIOR MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS – FORTIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Post Results Conference Call 
of Fortis Healthcare Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. 
There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anurag Kalra, Senior Vice President, Investor Relations 
at Fortis Healthcare Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Kalra. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Thank you, Dorwin. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us 
on our Quarter 2 FY '24 call. The call is being chaired by Dr. Ashutosh Raghuvanshi, our 
Managing Director and CEO. With me, we have Mr. Vivek Goyal, our Chief Financial Officer. 
And I also have with me my colleagues from Investor Relations and M&A, Amit as well as 
Avinash. 
 
Before we start the call, I would just like to state that as you're all aware, we are a listed company 
and our material subsidiary, Agilus Diagnostics, has filed a DRHP for a proposed IPO in 
September 2023. In light of the publicity restrictions imposed on Agilus and the company due 
to the proposed IPO, no further information other than that already contained in our investor 
presentation and press release can be shared. Due to the restrictions, we would also not be in a 
position to clarify or answer any questions on the diagnostics business performance or on the 
proposed IPO at this point in time. We do appreciate your understanding on this. 
 
We should begin the call with some opening comments by Dr. Raghuvanshi on the consolidated 
and the hospital business performance, and then we can open the floor for questions-and-
answers. Over to Dr. Raghuvanshi. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Thank you very much, Anurag. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us at 
this late hour for our Q2 '24 earnings call. I extend my warm greetings to you for this festive 
season. 
 
I would like to straightaway talk about the performance of the company in the quarter and the 6 
months ended September 30, 2023. We have witnessed a strong set of earnings for the quarter. 
Our consolidated revenues have increased 10.1% versus Q2 of financial year '23 to INR1,770 
crores. Our consolidated operating EBITDA for the quarter was at INR330 crores compared to 
INR303 crores in Q2 of financial year '23 and INR273 crores in Q1 of financial year '24. 
Consolidated operating EBITDA margin was at 18.6% versus 18.8% in Q2 of financial year '23 
and better than 16.5% in quarter 1 of financial year '24. 
 
At the PAT level, we reported a profit after tax prior to exceptional items of INR180 crores 
compared to INR167 crores in Q2 of financial year '23. This is approximately 8% growth versus 
the corresponding quarter and 47% growth versus Q1 of financial year '24. Reported PAT stood 
at INR184 crores versus INR218 crores in the corresponding previous year. On the balance 
sheet, we remain quite healthy with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.29x versus 0.44x at the end 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
of quarter 2 of financial year '23. Our net debt stands at INR393 crores as of September 30, 2023, 
and our debt equity mix allows us the flexibility to leverage our balance sheet to further our 
growth objectives. 
 
Let me now also briefly touch on the consolidated H1 financial year '24 financial numbers of 
the company. For the H1, our consolidated revenue stood at INR3,427 crores, a growth of 10.7% 
over the corresponding previous period. Operating EBITDA for the period was INR603 crores 
versus INR554 crores for the H1 in financial year '23, translating into a margin of 17.6% versus 
17.9% in the corresponding previous period. PAT, excluding exceptional items for the period, 
stood at INR303 crores versus INR301 crores for H1 of financial year '23. It has been relatively 
flat year-on-year. Reported PAT stood at INR308 crores versus INR353 crores in the 
corresponding previous year. 
 
I'm very pleased with the way the hospital business has performed. Our hospital business 
revenues have grown 12% versus Q2 of financial year '23 and 7.3% versus Q1 of financial year 
'24. On the profitability metrics, our hospital business operating EBITDA stands at INR268 
crores, an increase of 13.1% and reflecting margins of 18.4% versus 18.2% in Q2 of financial 
year '23 and 15.2% in Q1 of financial year '24. 
 
The improvement in margin is attributed to a healthy performance of all the key hospital 
operating metrics, which I shall speak of in a while. To highlight the contributions of the hospital 
operating EBITDA to our total consolidated EBITDA increased to 81% in Q2 of financial year 
'24 versus 78% in Q2 of financial year '23, which indicates the positive momentum in our 
hospital business earnings, allowing us to sustain our overall profit margins. 
 
On the international patient business, we continue to witness strong traction. International patient 
revenue were at INR127 crores, a growth of 15.6% over the corresponding quarter and 10.6% 
over the trailing quarter. International patient revenue during Q2 of financial year '23 contributed 
8.3% of total hospital revenue versus 8% in Q2 of financial year '23 and Q1 of financial year 
'24. 
 
The revenue contribution from the company's key medical specialty in Oncology, Orthopedics, 
Renal Sciences, Cardiac Sciences, Neurosciences and Gastroentrology to overall hospital 
revenues increased to 61.2% in Q2 of financial year '24 from 60.5% in Q2 of financial year '23. 
Revenue from Gastro Sciences, Oncology and Renal Sciences grew in excess of 20% versus the 
corresponding previous quarter. All of the above factors contributed to a healthy increase of 
11.8% in ARPOB to INR2.21 crores from INR1.97 crores in Q2 of financial year '23. Our 
occupancy stood at 68.7% versus 69.6% in Q2 of financial year '23 and 63.7% in Q1 of financial 
year '24. 
 
On our brownfield expansions, which we have been discussing with you, we remain on track to 
add approximately 250 beds to our network in the current financial year across the facilities such 
as Mulund, Anandpur in Kolkata and BG Road in Bangalore and Ludhiana with a total planned 
addition of close to 1,400 beds in the next 3 to 4 years. Further augmenting our bed expansion 
plans in Delhi NCR and Punjab clusters, we are also evaluating new opportunities, including 
optimizing the currently available space in our additional beds in Mohali and Shalimar Bagh. 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
And our Board has approved the extension of these projects as well. So the beds which are going 
to come from Mohali are going to be another 400 beds in addition to the beds which we have 
said earlier. 
 
On the digital transformation front, we continue with our efforts to implement EMR solution 
that will form a platform to integrate our HIS. The rollout of such a EMR system is currently 
underway. myFortis app and other applications are also being bolstered, that would enable us to 
digitize the patient journey and provide a personalized and a better experience for our patients. 
 
During the quarter, we commissioned several medical programs and further strengthened our 
medical facilities. FMRI Gurgaon launched state-of-the-art digital PET CT for advanced 
imaging and cancer diagnostic. We are getting ready for our MR LINAC, which is going to be 
the first of its kind in Northern India. We have further augmented our medical infrastructure by 
commissioning high-value medical equipment, noticeably LINAC, Cath Labs, neuro navigation 
system and Ortho Robots in our key facilities. 
 
Commensurate with our medical program expansion, we continue to attract high-quality clinical 
talent. We have onboarded clinicians in the specialty of Oncology, Renal Sciences, 
Neurosciences, Cardiology and General Surgery during this quarter. 
 
With that, I would like to conclude my remarks by reiterating to all of you that we remain 
steadfastly committed towards our growth path in order to further our operational performance 
and create long-term value for all our stakeholders. Thank you. And now I would like to hand 
over to Mr. Anurag Kalra for taking the session further. 
Anurag Kalra: 
So thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, we shall now open the floor for question and answers. 
Can I request the moderator to begin, please. Dorwin? 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Syan Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
Sir, on hospitals, if I look at this quarter and also for the half year, you recorded 12%-13% 
growth. But that has not translated into appropriate EBITDA growth. I mean we have seen 
margin expansion of around 20 basis points year-on-year this quarter. This is after Arcot Road 
divestment. So I mean, there's a strong ARPOB growth, the specialties that you're focusing on 
are growing. But it seems that EBITDA growth is not coming through. Is there anything that's 
sort of hurting EBITDA? And how confident are we to sort of achieve 20% EBITDA for the 
hospital for the next financial year? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So I can take this question, Syan. Your observation is to some extent correct in terms of EBITDA 
margin. But in absolute terms, if you see the EBITDA in actual terms has gone up by almost 
INR30 crores as compared to thecorresponding period for the previous year.And as regard to the 
Arcot Road divestment, there is not much visibility in the EBITDA margin improvement, there 
are a couple of reasons for that. One is of course the legal and the professional cost. As you 
know, company has engaged into this legal battle and there is  some amount of work that 
happened during this period. And because of that, the legal and the professional charges have 
gone up to some extent. And plus the revenue increase is mainly coming from the high-;end 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
specialties like onco and ortho, which is typically a low-margin business. So that will lead to not 
much expansion in the margin but in absolute term the margin has gone up.. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
And sir, are we sticking with our guidance of 20% for next fiscal? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Absolutely. There are several reasons why the margin has been at this level. But our guidance is 
absolutely intact for next year. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
And I don't know, sir, if you can talk about diagnostics, but the observation is that the growth in 
margins there are also weak versus, let's say, compared other peers in the industry. Will you be 
able to comment on any reason why the growth is lower? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
No, Syan , I'm sorry. As we said in the beginning of the call, we can make no remarks about the 
diagnostic business, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from FIL. 
Madhav Marda: 
I just had two questions. The first one was when you said that we have evaluated new 
opportunities at Mohali and Shalimar Bagh, does that mean these are additional brownfield 
expansion opportunities? And would that also mean that the 1,400 beds in the pipeline, which 
we talked about earlier, does that mean you have a bigger pipeline now available for the company 
in the next sort of 3 to 4 years as we expand? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes, absolutely. As I said earlier, Madhav, these are in addition to the earlier brownfield, which 
we have already said. And these are both brownfield expansions. Shalimar Bagh is, of course, 
the new block is going to be constructed. And we are in the stage of getting all the final 
permissions. All the plans are ready for that. Similarly, in Mohali also, we're in the process of 
getting all the permissions. But these would be addition to the 1,400 beds which we have said 
earlier. 
Madhav Marda: 
So does that make up brownfield pipeline now, that 1,400 beds which we had kind of 
highlighted, that number is how much now in terms of beds for the company? 
Vivek Goyal: 
It will be around 1,800 beds now. 
Madhav Marda: 
Okay, okay. Wonderful. And just the second question was to Syan's point about the 20% margin 
guidance. What is the lever that can help us get there in FY '25 like versus the current period. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So there are a couple of levers, we are continuously working on that. One is, of course, the 
occupancy ramp-up. As you can see in the current quarter also, occupancy-wise, we have still 
not reached 70% occupancy level. So we want to achieve that 70% occupancy level on the 
enhanced the bed capacity. And that will lead to increase in the EBITDA margin. And secondly, 
there is more focus on the cost side, which would lead to some margin improvement in the 
coming year. 
Madhav Marda: 
Sir, these brownfield beds, which you'll be covering 250 beds this year and somewhere next 
year. Typically, what is the breakeven? Like I mean given it's a pure brownfield and will be 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
adding in facilities with good occupancy, EBITDA breakeven  should be much faster. Is that the 
right understanding? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, absolutely. And that's why we are focusing more on the brownfield expansion. And your 
assessment is absolutely correct because all these expenses are coming in the facilities where 
occupancy level is already very high.  And that will lead to earlier breakeven time. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. And sir, could you just highlight like this additional legal and professional costs, which 
went up this quarter. How much is that amount? 
Vivek Goyal: 
It is I think in the range of INR6 crores to INR7 crores in the quarter. 
Madhav Marda: 
Incremental cost just on the quarter. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. 
Madhav Marda; 
And this should come down or we should see the same level, or we expect it to come down a 
bit? 
Vivek Goyal: 
It is very difficult to predict this variance because it will all depend on how quick this court 
proceeding happen and how much time the court really invest into that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Neha Manpuria from Bank of America. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Sir, first on the Delhi High Court, do we have any update there or any time lines when we can 
look at a closure to that litigation and the forensic audit? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
So the hearings are going on there, but we cannot really predict how much time it will take. 
There are a couple of dates which have been given during the month of November. I believe that 
we should have some clarity after these 2 dates, but then possibly the winter vacations will come. 
So I expect that it should take at least 3-4 months before an absolute clarity emerges. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Understood, sir. And the second question is again on the hospital margin, the 20% margin 
guidance that we're still building. While I understand occupancy and all of the reasons that 
you've mentioned. But how essentially are we getting to that number, the higher occupancy, 
because we're also adding brownfield beds? While the breakeven time might be shorter, there is 
still some amount of ramp-up that will be required. So how exactly are we getting to the 20% 
margins, especially with the beds that we're adding even if they have are brownfield beds. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So Neha, as we have mentioned earlier, we are quite confident that next year onwards, we 
will be adding 20% EBITDA margin on a yearly basis. So this year, there is some improvement 
in the margin, but the improvement may be higher if we're able to reduce this legal cost. So I 
think next year, we are quite hopeful because of the reason I've told you, one is the ramp-up of 
the existing occupancy. 
 
As regard your question on the brownfield expansion and the initial losses, we are not feeling 
that type of hit in wherever we  we could achieve the brownfield expansion. Reason being these 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
are our existing hospitals, and they are already facing bed challenge. Most of them are operating 
at 75%-plus occupancy. So they will start contributing very early as we start these beds. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. And just to add to that is there area couple of hospitals where the occupancy figures are 
low - our BG Road in Bangalore and Mulund in Mumbai. So we are focusing on enhancing the 
clinical programs, et cetera, in these 2 places. That is one of the ways how we will be able to 
increase the occupancy. And then as Vivek said that in some of the other hospitals, already they 
are working at a good occupancy of 70-plus or 75-plus, rather. 
Neha Manpuria: 
Got it, sir. And sir, in terms of capital allocation strategy, incrementally, are we looking at more 
assets for bolt-on like the Manesar asset that we took over? Do you think this 1,800 is what we 
are okay with? And do you want to execute on that before looking at more addition? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. Neha, see, as we said that this is our preferred way of growing, but then our aspiration is 
much beyond this. As we were talking about our balance sheet status and the debt position, we 
are not leveraged at all. So we have a huge capacity. Lastly, most of the CapEx, which is going 
to come for the brownfield expansion, 50% of it is from internal accruals and only 50% is on 
debt. 
 
So this would mean that we would have a further capacity to do smaller projects like the bolt-
on, which we did in Manesar. 1,800 beds also, mind you, does not include the Manesar beds. 
Manesar will have 350 beds over the next 2.5, 3 years, as we will commission them. And we 
will be starting with 150 beds sometime by the end of this financial year,  and then the rest will 
be commissioned in phases. So it actually makes the brownfield plus Manesar put together close 
to about 2,200- 2,300 beds. And then we will continuously look for other opportunities as well. 
And we believe that we are in a position to consider some larger assets as well. 
Neha Manpuria: 
And this would be in the existing markets that we are in - meaning  Delhi, Mumbai, those would 
be the markets here? Are you also open for tier 2? Because historically, we moved out of a lot 
of Tier 2 markets, which seems to be growing much faster than Tier 1. So are we still focused 
on our existing markets from a growth strategy point of view? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. We will remain focused on the clusters. Our cluster strategy is what we have, and we will 
continue with that approach. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aneesh Deora from Nomura. 
Aneesh Deora: 
So my question is around ALOS numbers. So if I look at the ALOS numbers, till the last quarter, 
they were in the range of 3.5, 3.6 days. But in this quarter, I think all the historical numbers have 
also been revised upwards to 4.2 days and something like that. So could you just tell what has 
exactly happened? Has there been any small change in the methodology? Or what exactly has 
happened there? 
Vivek Goyal: 
ALOS numbers. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. I think we will have to get back to you specifically on this. 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
 
Vivek Goyal: 
So Aneesh, this ALOS number is basically the way we were calculating earlier and the way now 
we are calculating, we have recently implemented an IT tool –  BI tool for our data analysis and 
MIS purpose, analysis purpose. In that, we have tried to standardize the way we were reporting 
ALOS. So some units were taking data here, some were not taking data here, those types of 
adjustments. And because of that, this number is there. There is no change as such in the business 
metrics, et cetera. But the way it was calculated, there is a difference. Now the good thing is 
same way, and going forward, we can track according to this method, the number which is 
coming now. 
Aneesh Deora; 
I understand. I understand. So essentially, if I look at the ALOS numbers of this quarter versus 
the quarter of the last year, there has been a reduction of about 5% in the ALOS on the new 
methodology that you have put out in this quarter. So just wanted to understand what is driving 
the ALOS reduction. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. One is our oncology work is going up and especially the medical oncology, that has been 
growing at a very fast pace. Similarly, the cardiology also has done well. So both these typically 
have lower average length of stay. 
Aneesh Deora: 
Okay. Is there a particular focus on reducing the ALOS further? Any particular focus there? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
So the hospitals which work on higher occupancy, we always try to achieve lower and lower 
ARPOB. And even in the hospitals, it does not make sense for a patient to be in the hospital if 
they don't need to be. But the nature of the work we do is a lot of quarternary work, high-end 
neurosurgeries they are  doing, et cetera. So orthopedics and other areas, the length of stay is not 
long. But in case of complex neuro procedures, it is typically much longer. So I think being at a 
blended basis, we don't expect it to dramatically come down from the current level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwa from SMIFS Limited. 
Dhara Patwa: 
Sir, just one question. In the last call, you guided for 70-plus occupancy for FY '24. Sir, are we 
still maintaining that guidance? And if yes, then it means that Q2 would be much better. H2 
would be much better than H1, and we need to have occupancy of 75% in the next 2 quarters to 
achieve that 70% occupancy. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So we were talking about the exit occupancy. And this quarter, the occupancy level should 
be higher, but we should be mindful about (this quarter means that earning quarter, December 
quarter) –  there is a festival season, as we know, and we believe will lead to lower occupancy 
in certain parts of the month, but our target is 70%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Dr. Ashutosh, just a question on HR, human resources, doctors. So we have onboarded many 
clinicians in different medical specialties. I think we have been doing it in the first half as well. 
One of your peers earlier today have also mentioned that the guaranteed payouts for their 
doctors, they're trying to get more people on guaranteed payouts. So is this the time when costs 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
are now starting to go up on medical personnel and maybe also nonmedical personnel? And is 
this one of the risks that could potentially put a question mark around our next year's margin 
number? What do you think is the biggest risk for achieving, say, a 20% EBITDA margin? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So currently, the situation is such that there are new beds and the new facilities which are 
coming up in many parts of the country. So we do expect that there will be some movement of 
clinicians across various networks, et cetera, which happens from time to time. And as a result 
of that, definitely some of the guaranteed payments or the minimum guarantees which we offer, 
that would also go upwards. 
 
But I do not see this as a very high-risk situation, nor is it a very concerning situation, for the 
simple reason that the availability of talent is also slightly different now compared to what it 
used to be a few years back. And the larger groups, not only us, but I would say the others as 
well, find it easier to attract clinical talent. So yes, we would definitely see a little bit of churn 
in coming time, but I don't see this as a risk. 
 
Now if I were to think that what other risks could happen, that could be partly because some 
delays may happen in commissioning of some of the beds, which are getting ready. So that could 
be the only risk in my mind which could delay some of the progress which we are expecting in 
the next year. Other than that, I think all other factors are operational and cyclical in nature, and 
those can be very easily managed. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. So when I look at your professional charges to doctors, would there be a way to kind of 
gauge what's happening on that particular line item, especially on doctor compensation? Would 
that give me the full picture? Or it could also be in employee benefits? So how should we track 
that wage inflation, especially for doctors? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. So our doctor costs typically is slightly higher. That is partly because our facility sizes are 
slightly smaller compared to a larger hospital. So we probably don't have that kind of 
productivity because of that. But I think we should not factor a very large increase in this cost. I 
think the majority of the cost enhancement which had to happen has already happened during 
this year. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. So that is helpful 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
So I'm just looking at the margin matrix that you put out for the individual hospitals. And I'm 
just trying to project hypothetically, how this margin matrix will look in fiscal '25. When we 
look at the 4 cohorts that you have, will they all be like occupancy is the one number in the last 
column that will all go up to say, I'm assuming everything doesn't go to 70. But would that be 
the driver? I know I'm repeating this question, other parties may have asked. But I just want to 
figure out how a mix on these columns is the one that's more important. Or is there an element 
of payer mix that we are not talking about yet? 
Vivek Goyal: 
So if I can answer that, Shyam. So it is a mixture of both. In some units, it is a question of better 
utilization of the facility and the manpower because the occupancy is low, we have discussed 
about Mulund, BG Roadin that category.  

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
` 
And there are other hospitals where we have expansion going on. For example, Faridabad and 
Noida, where the expansion is going on. Faridabad, we will be completing the expansion by this 
year on time. So then one, the disturbance because of the expansion will go away and that will 
lead to the better patient experience and better revenue. And second is more of beds will be 
coming in. At Faridabad, by the way, we are operating at almost 80%-plus occupancy level. 
 
So those types of things will play. It will not be a straight answer face to face. But having said 
that, most of the hospitals, barring 4-5 which we have discussed, should be moving above 15% 
EBITDA margin, I believe. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Just to add to your second part of the question as to whether the payor mix is something 
important. So payor mix-wise, I think we have approximately 20% of  scheme patients, which 
is the CGHS, ECHS, etcetera, we are doing. So we do aim to try and reduce that, but we want 
to do it in a calibrated manner because it is also important for us to ensure that the occupancy 
remains high. So that will go in, so some of the units, we will accept a higher proportion of these 
patients and some of the units, we will not accept in that space. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman Bhansali from Perpetuity Ventures. 
Naman Bhansali; 
First question is on the oncology side. So you had mentioned this in the previous call that onco 
is a lower-margin business for you. But I was just wondering on the industry-wide perspective 
and majorly from the Northern region specifically, there are a lot of different hospital players 
who are trying to more and more enter into the oncology therapy. So there are certain peers who 
are reporting certain numbers which are incrementally giving them north of 35% margins on 
their oncology business. 
 
And there are certain players who are trying to enter into oncology business incrementally 
because it's a higher-margin business. And these are not present totally into Delhi NCR, but 
Noida, et cetera. Just want to understand that why from an industry perspective is oncology a 
higher-margin or a lower-margin business for you. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
No, no. Oncology is not a lower-margin business. But when we look at the oncology business 
in totality, it is important to understand that different institutions' contribution from medical 
oncology is slightly higher, then the contribution margin becomes lower. And as a result of that, 
in the percentage terms, it may not be as high as an institution, which is being more of surgical 
work or an equal proportion of surgical versus medical oncology. 
 
So the reason why in medical oncology the contribution margins are lower is because the price 
of drugs is higher and the service charges are also low. So that is precisely the point which we 
were trying to make. We strongly believe that oncology is a growth area. We have seen a growth 
of about almost close to 27%, I think, in our oncology. And we have committed a huge CapEx 
to enhance our oncology services in the entire region. 
 
We also strongly believe that oncology is the business of future. But in absolute terms though, 
we would have EBITDA being generated. But in terms of profitability, I do not believe that it 
can go on a very high percentage because of the reasons I mentioned. But one thing which we 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
are doing is we are enhancing our surgical oncology load. As that keeps on building, we will see 
a better margin from this segment. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it. Got it. I understand. And as you said, you are trying to increase the surgical mix. So as 
the overall business, we usually see that Q2 is a lower surgical revenue business for us. So going 
forward, we maintain our aim to keep the surgical mix above north of 60%? Or would it fluctuate 
lower than 60%? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. There's some bit of seasonal variations happen. And also sometimes, we don't have a choice 
as this is a kind of a number in hindsight. We cannot really choose which patients get sick at 
what time. So because of that, what we typically will see is difficult to predict, but I expect the 
ratios to remain similar. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Got it, sir. And lastly, we usually mention about rationalizing our portfolio in terms of the 
hospital which are performing well and which are performing bad. So today, if we have to say 
what would be the top hospitals which have been underperforming since last couple of years and 
are on the pecking order on the top for rationalization? 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Yes. 
Vivek Goyal: 
So this is a continuous process. And as we are dealing with this metric, so we continuously 
evaluate. And our first endeavor is to make the hospital more profitable. And after exhausting 
all our resources if we feel that we are not able to add value, then only we try to rationalize by 
divesting those assets. Currently, we have done one. As you are aware, Arcot Road, we have 
divested. We are working on a couple of more. And as things progress, we will be able to tell 
you more about that. 
Naman Bhansali: 
Okay, got it. And lastly, on the occupancy side. So as we are seeing, we are going to add another 
250 beds by the second half of the year. And are we aiming at 70%-plus occupancy, can we see 
that number in the second half despite the 250-bed addition? What would be your say on it? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. Overall, the occupancy for the year may not be 70%, which may be slightly lower. But next 
year, we are hoping of 70% occupancy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparampil from Elara Capital. 
Bino Pathiparampil: 
So actually, just a request, we are adding 1,800 beds on a base of about 4,000 or 4,500, which is 
a large number. It would be great if you give a little more color in your press release and investor 
presentation about where these beds are coming up and a rough time line in terms of each year, 
each group of beds come up. That will be great and help us understand it more. 
Ashutosh Raghuvanshi: 
Certainly, we can directly share with you. You can connect with Anurag, and our team will be 
happy to give you further details. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhav Marda from FIL. 
Madhav Marda: 
I just wanted to check on the brownfield expansion when these beds come in. Basically, how 
much of incremental EBITDA margin on this beds given some of the fixed costs are already in 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
place? I don't want the exact number, but if you could give us some qualitative of broad sense, 
that will be very helpful to understand the kind of operating business [which we are in]. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. Obviously, the EBITDA margin of this brownfield expansion will be higher. As we already 
mentioned, the fixed cost will be reflected on the larger base. Having said that, there will be 
some costs which will go directly with the company that will anyway go away. So I am expecting 
EBITDA margin of at least 35% on this revenue on brownfield expansion. 
Madhav Marda: 
Got it. Because EBITDA for Fortis, on 4,000 beds, 1,800 beds is like a very large number for 
brownfield, right? I mean, it should drive like from a 3-5-year view, maybe margins should be 
quite very supportive, right, because it's a mix of launches that is very large in our existing base. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. Once we achieve a particular ramp-up on this 1,800 beds, definitely, it should give us a 
higher EBITDA. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Syan Mukherjee from Nomura. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
Sir, this 12%, 13% top line growth in hospitals, can you split it up between volume growth and 
realization per patient? And within realization per patient, which is an important driver, whether 
it is pricing of the procedures or case mix and payer mix, if you can sort of give some granular 
detail around the growth profile? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes. So I will say it is  the price increase of around 3%, and 7% to 8% is on account of volume 
increase and rest is specialties and the mix impact. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
And this 3% price increase, is it like a normal trend, because sort of this is below inflation, right? 
And I mean, all your cost items would be sort of inflating at a higher rate. 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, you're right. So this is basically on the overall revenue. And as you know, we are having 
government payer, also TPA is phasing down. So we don't have liberty to increase price like 
that. And plus, there are a major proportion of drugs and consumables, some with logistic-type 
controls. So I will say in this may be in line with the industry norm. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
Okay. I mean -- so there is no sort of increase in pricing, right? I mean like one of your peers 
were mentioning that there is greater demand for, let's say, private rooms or people are willing 
to spend more. So is that not a lever for you to sort of drive pricing? 
Vivek Goyal: 
No, no, that will go into the ARPOB. That will come into the mix. When we say price means 
that for the same bed, what price we were charging a year earlier; for the same procedure, what 
price we are charging, what price we have increased. Suppose somebody earlier wanted a double 
bed and now he wants single bed, that will go in the mix. 
Syan Mukherjee: 
Okay. And so this trend is something which you think would sustain? I mean for next year, 7%, 
8% volume growth and 3% price increase? 
Vivek Goyal: 
Yes, yes. We are expecting the same. 

 
 
Fortis Healthcare Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
We have no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anurag Kalra: 
Yes. Thanks, all. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for joining us on the call at this 
results. If there are any further queries, clarifications, please feel free to reach out to us, and we'll 
be able to help you as best possible. Thank you, and good night. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Fortis Healthcare, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
