Greenply/2023-24 
November 9, 2023 
The Manager 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 
- 400 001 
Mumbai 
- 400 051 
Scrip Code: 526797 
Symbol - GREENPLY 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Conference Call Transcript 
Please find enclosed Conference Call Transcript in respect of conference call for Investors and Analysts held on 
November 6, 2023, on the financial results of Greenply Industries Limited for the quarter and half year ended 
30th September, 2023. 
The same is also available on the website of the Company viz. www.greenply.com/investors 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
KAUSHAL KUMAR AGARWAL 
COMPANY SECRETARY & 
VICE PRESIDENT-LEGAL 
Encl.: A/a 
Greenply Industries Limited 
'Madgul Lounge’, 5th & 6th Floor, 23 Chetla Central Road, Kolkata-700027, West Bengal, India 
T:+91 33 24500400, 30515000 F:+91 3330515010 
| Toll Free : 1800-103-4050 Whatsapp : 9007755000 
E: sales.ply@greenply.com Web : www.greenplyplywood.com 
| www.greenply.com 
| www.askgreenply.com 
Registered Office : Makum Road, Tinsukia 
- 786125, Assam, India 
| Corporate Identity Number : L20211AS1990PLC003484
KAUSHAL 
KUMAR 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
KAUSHAL KUMAR 
AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.11.09 
17:20:43 +05'30'

Gril 
“Greenply Industries Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
g & 
ANALYST: 
MANAGEMENT: 
November 06, 2023 
ASIAN MARKETS 
[ESO od... 
SECURITIES 
mm 
MR. KARAN BHATELIA — ASIAN MARKETS SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
MR. MANOJ TULSIAN — JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — GREENPLY INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
MR. SANIDHYA MITTAL — JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
— GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. 
NITIN KALANI 
— CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
— 
GREENPLY INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. GAUTAM JAIN 
— ASSOCIATE VICE PRESIDENT 
- 
STRATEGY 
& 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS 
— 
GREENPLY 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
Page 1 of 21

& 
Moderator: 
Karan Bhatelia: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Greenply Industries Limited's Q2 
FY2024 Earnings Conference Call hosted 
by Asian Markets Secunties Limited. 
This 
conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ from such expectations, projections, 
etc., whether expressed or implied. Participants are requested to exercise cautious while 
referring to such statements and remarks. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will 
be 
an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Bhatelia from 
Asian Markets Securities Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Thanks Seema. Hi, everyone, good evening. On behalf of Asian Markets Securities, we 
thank you for joining us on the Greenply Industries Q2 & First Half FY2024 Conference 
Call. In the panel today we have Mr. Manoj Tulsian, Joint Managing Director & CEO; Mr. 
Sanidhya Mittal, Joint Managing Director, Mr. Nitin Kalani, CFO; and Mr. Gautam Jain, 
AVP 
- Strategy & IR. May 
I now invite Manoj 
Sir to begin the proceedings of the call. 
Thank you and over to you! 
Thank you Karan and good evening, everyone. It is a pleasure to have you all on this call. 
will be updating you on Greenply’s operating and financial performance for Q2 and Hl 
FY2024. First of all, 
I am happy to share with you that we have crossed Rs.600 Crores in 
consolidated revenue in this quarter, which is the highest ever for Greenply in a single 
quarter. 
| am very confident that this trend will continue in the upcoming quarters and with 
this our consolidated sales for this financial year will approximately grow at 
a CAGR of 
around 22% over FY2022 and a CAGR of around 13% over FY2020 if we are to compare 
the performance against the pre-COVID era. 
Now 
I will share some highlights of the business wise performances. 
In our plywood 
business revenue growth was 9.7% on a Y-o-Y basis majorly driven by 11% sales volume 
growth. On a half yearly basis, we have achieved approximately 7% volume growth. With 
this we are fairly confident of achieving our annual volume growth of 8% to 10% as guided 
earlier. On the margin front our adjusted core EBITDA was at 7.9%, which includes a one- 
time expense related to entry tax amounting to Rs.3.2 Crores which is non-recurring 
in 
nature. 
In addition to that, we have booked major expenses related to our new brand 
Page 2 of 21

Sanidhya Mittal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
ambassador campaigns and TV ads. The raw maternal costs witnessed an increasing trend in 
the last quarter, however, we see stabilizing timber prices here on. We have taken some 
price hikes during last quarter in certain product categories. The full impact of the same 
would be visible in H2. Considering the above we expect margin improvements in H2 
FY2024. Despite the increase in our turnover our working capital is at healthy level of 31 
days for the plywood business, and we will continue to focus on the same. 
Moving on to MDF business, 
| am extremely happy to share with you all that we have 
achieved cash positive performance in the first full quarter of operation itself. Durning this 
quarter our EBITDA margin was at 15.5%. We are also confident that we will meet our 
indicated 
1 lakh CBM sales volume for FY2024. More details on the MDF business will be 
shared by Sanidhya later on. Our Gabon business continued to be under pressure due to 
severe political unrest in the imtial part of the quarter and also supply-side challenges. 
Although we are working hard to come out of this situation and closely aligning with the 
policies of the newly constituted government, we do not see an immediate turnaround. 
Hopefully we should be able to provide you better directions by the year end. On 
a 
consolidated basis, our net debt levels are at Rs. 713 Crores, which is well within our guided 
peak net debt level of 750 Crores. 
In the upcoming quarters we will 
also be making 
investments in our furniture hardware JV. However, despite the change we are confident of 
remaining below our indicated maximum net debt range of Rs. 750 Crores including such 
investments. 
We 
are 
committed 
to 
maintaining 
our 
brand 
leadership 
position 
and 
accordingly we are thrilled to have Junior NTR as our brand ambassador. 
am glad to share 
with you that both Greenply and Junior NTR share mutual values of sustainability and a 
deep commitment to the environment. We are confident that his charismatic PAN India 
image will help us reach a wider audience and create greater awareness about the critical 
role of eco and health friendly products such as our zero-emission plywood range and MDF 
range within the home interior space. With this statement 
I would like to hand it over to 
Sanidhya to provide more insights on our MDF business. 
Thank you ManojJi and good evening to everyone on the call. In our MDF business we are 
progressing well. 
I am happy to share that we are at positive cash flow from operations in 
last quarter much ahead of our original plans. Its results are meticulous planning and team 
effort, brand strength and commercial discipline. During the quarter we have installed a few 
short cycle presses as well for production of pre-lam MDF boards. 
In addition, we have 
launched other value-added product categories like CARB and Boil Pro. Being a premium 
player we will introduce other innovative products and value engineered products to serve 
all categories of consumer segments going forward. 
In the last quarter we almost sold 
31000 CBM with a blended realization of 28500 per CBM. As our share of sales of value- 
Page 3 of 21

Moderator: 
Sneha Talreja: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sneha Talreja: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sneha Talreja: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
added product increases the realization should also increase consequently. For the full year 
perspective, we are well on course of achieving sales volume of 1 lakh plus CBM as guided 
earlier. With this perspective [ would like to open the floor for Q&A session. Thank you. 
Thank you very much Sir. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We 
take the first question from the line of Sneha Talreja from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Hi Sir, good evening and thanks a lot for the opportunity. Just couple of questions from my 
end in your opening remarks you said that timber costs have already started cooling off 
could you highlight this further and where do we see now our margins going ahead and 
have, we taken it has been a substantial price hike to offset now any further timber cost 
from here? 
First thing 
I am not saying that the timber prices will start coming down. What we are now 
feeling 1s that timber prices will possibly stabilize because it is already very high and we do 
not see because to some extent the popular prices are slightly corrected, which will slightly 
ease out the pressure on the eucalyptus also going forward. So, keeping that in mind, 
I am 
assuming that possibly the timber prices have peaked, just an assumption our internal 
discussions we may go wrong also on the same. In terms of price increase as 
I said in the 
speech, we have taken price increase on some of the product categories and which was 
taken in the month of August partially and on some of the products in September also, so 
this quarter it is slightly start reflecting for the full quarter, so that will help my margin to 
improve and even for Q4. 
Secondly on the MDF front firstly congrats for achieving a 15% EBITDA margin and being 
cash positive in the first full quarter of operations itself. You have already specified you 
would be doing 
1 lakh CBM in this particular year given that you have already 15% 
EBITDA margin now where do you see the EBITDA margin strength given that your 
overall guidance if 
| am not wrong was around 22%, it is full operation so where do we see 
the EBITDA margin pending now given that the 15% positive? 
Sorry, we did not get your question. Your voice 1s not absolutely clear so maybe you can 
just repeat the question. 
I am saying that you have already achieved 15% EBITDA margin, which is phenomenal in 
the first quarter of full operation just wanted to understand given that now utilization should 
be further increasing where do you see this trend going forward, do you maintain the earlier 
guidance, or do you want to inch it up from here? 
Page 4 of 21

& 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Moderator: 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
I think I do not remember mentioning 22% but our basic focus was that whatever others are 
making we will be making very, very, similar margins compared to any other branded 
player in the sector so we are still very confident that going forward once we are at full 
scale we will be making the same margins anybody else is making because currently the 
there is a lot of import, the market is in oversupplied, you do not know what the pricing 
tomorrow will be, but [ am very sure and confident that whatever the market 1s making or 
other players are making we are definitely going to make as much as they are going to 
make. 
I think just to add to this 22% we would have said when we are doing 
a full-fledged 
operations you may expect that type of a margin maybe next full year of operations or 
around that number. Do not hold us again next year first quarter itself that we said 22%, but 
1 think a full year of operations where maybe once we are targeting around 700 odd Crores 
of sales that type of a margin assuming that similar margin trend continues as the market is 
today will be possible and in H2 definitely our margins profile will be better than Q2 also. 
So, there would be some incremental margin performance in H2 also. 
Understood Sir. Thanks a lot. This is helpful, all the best. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Udit Gajiwala from Yes Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Hi, Sir. Congratulations on a great set of numbers. Firstly, on the plywood we have grown 
could you let us know what is the demand scenario, 1s the demand more in the premium end 
or it 1s in which of the brands have we seen the major growth coming in? 
Thank you first of all. No, the premium end side demand we have not been able to see there 
has been a drag on the premium end, maximum the total growth, but what has happened is 
in the value segment only. 
So, do you see when this mix also improving would it yield to our plywood margins as well 
that the change in product mix? 
Well to some extent slightly it is also reflecting in this quarter itself. Of course, we had 
some one-off expenses. Of course, we are also doing a higher strength on marketing side 
which 
I think 
I mentioned around a couple of quarters back that we would be investing 
more on the marketing side, but yes there is some impact of the product mix change already 
reflected on the margins. Now as I said that we have taken some amount of price increase in 
Page 5 of 21

Udit Gajiwala: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Company Speaker: 
Udit Gajiwala: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
the value segment only that will help us to slightly improve the margins. If there is some 
cool-off in the raw material prices it will further help us to that extent and yes, our efforts 
on growing premium still continues. Yes, maybe I can say that as a team we have not been 
successful in the same, but there is a decent amount of effort which is going on to improve 
and bring growth in the premium segment, so the moment if it happens then that will also 
add up to my incremental margin profile. 
In MDF coming to 
it specifically right now our value-added portion is lower, of course 
because we have started, 
so are we getting, what is our placement of prices versus the 
imports or the current domestic players in the like-to-like product? 
So, 
I think I will answer this we are very much priced at par with current domestic player. 
In southern markets as entry strategy, we have priced ourselves about 2%-2.5% cheaper 
than competition. However, that is for a very short period as entry strategy for this financial 
year. From next year our strategy will be to sell all products at par with competition because 
Greenply 1s a player who always believed in selling the value added and the branded goods, 
so we do not believe in selling cheap. However, MDF at present we are selling 2%-2.5% on 
an average cheaper, which is our entry strategy. 
‘What would be the same versus the import pricing currently? 
I think import pricing will 
be substantially lower than, we believe around Rs.19000- 
Rs.20000 per CBM is the landed cost at importers” warehouse and our average realization 
and interior rate which would like-to-like when we say 19000-20000 for them is selling in 
the trade for about 25000-26000 and the other value added products are selling at even 
higher and we are very, very clear and focused on the value added segment. So, as we grow 
the value-added segment you will see our blended realization also pretty much at par with 
the competition by the end of the year you will see us getting this. 
Got it and lastly on the furniture hardware business that you mentioned in the opening 
commentary could you explain what is the business strategy or any plans over here and 
what would be the size of investment? 
I think we announced previously also we have kind of a JV with the Turkish partner Samet. 
They are the leaders in their category in Turkey and have exports in more than 22 countries 
from Turkey itself. It is a 50:50 JV and so we will bring in the products on 80-20 concept. 
The 80% selling product is first where we will start manufacturing those products in India 
and the 15% to 20% of the slow moving will continue to import from them. Till we see a 
Page 6 of 21

Udit Gajiwala: 
Moderator: 
Kesharwani Karan: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Kesharwani Karan: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Kesharwani Karan: 
Moderator: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
level of viability the whole project will come over the period of next four years in terms of 
phase one, phase two, phase three and as of now the estimates what we have put together 
we would be closely investing around 300 to 350 Crores together between the two partners 
equally with a portion of equity and debt, and next year sometime in Ql we are trying to see 
that if we are able to commission the plant in end of Q1. 
Thank you Sir. 
I will fall back in the queue. 
Thank you Sir. We will take the next question from the line of Kesharwani Karan from 
ICRA. Please go-ahead Sir. 
The sale has been increased by 23% from the last year so breakdown into supplies and the 
volume growth? 
Sale has been increased by 23% on a consolidated basis. So, 
[ think that is not the nght you 
are looking 
at it because one last year base we did not have the MDF business, MDF 
business only started in first quarter of this year and in Q2 we have done close to around 89 
Crores, which 
1s straightaway addition to the overall number which 
is reflected in the 
growth and in the plywood business the total growth which we have done is close to around 
7% and the Gabon business has actually not shown any growth so that number to some 
extent maybe it is slightly lower only compared to last year HI. 
‘What is the percentage of A&P(Advertisement) as compared to last year? 
So, on the A&P side, we have in the first six months our total expenditure is close to around 
4.1%, which for the last full year was at around 3.1%. 
Got it. Thank you. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Mr. Kunal Tokas from Fair Value 
Capital. Please go ahead Sir. 
1 just want to ask that do you compete with the paper industry for your raw material that it 
is wood that comes from tree plantations and if yes then how do you see that competition 
playing out in the future like will it lead to higher prices for all or will it lead to more area 
under plantation, which will lead to lower prices in the future? 
So yes, we do compete with paper mills to buy raw material, but however with the given 
knowledge 
I have about paper industry they can use only debark material. So, for them it 
Page 7 of 21

Manoj Tulsian: 
Kunal Tokas: 
Moderator: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
becomes slightly more challenge 
to 
serve the same material directly from the farmer 
compared to us, well we in MDF can use material with bark and also as far as species are 
available in the market, 
I think paper industry has a limitation in the number of species. We 
are slightly more open towards other species as well. So, 
I think our pricing will always be 
slightly lower than paper industries, but yes, we are competing with them in different areas 
to buy the material. 
Just to add to that the whole timber forestry farming also depends on the cycle. We are 
today at the worst end of the cycle, and I think the cycle looks like may continue for another 
12 to 15 months and then you will have good crop coming back. The moment that happens 
then the supply side on the timber will improve significantly, that is the assumption, and 
which happens once every eight to ten years. So, we are almost at the end of the cycle, 
maybe last 12 to 15 months we might have to face this challenge of higher timber price and 
then possibly it will come down. Yes, it may not come down to the level what it was around 
four or five years back, but definitely we feel that it will correct a lot as the supply side 
improves significantly. 
That was my only question. Thank you. 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec India. Please go 
ahead, Sir. 
Hi, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity first, congratulations for commendable performance on 
the MDF side. Just wanted to have some more details on the distribution basically region 
wise sales if you can help with something you did indicate on our pricing strategy to start 
with, but how we are making this successful just wanted to understand that that is the first 
question? 
On MDF? 
Yes, Sir. 
I think our focus obviously is primarily West because our plant is there; however, looking at 
North India as well because NCR is one of the largest markets of MDF and it is also not 
very far from the Gujarat facility. So yes, the second focus area becomes North and the 
upper north and NCR and obviously since the brand has its own network in East and South 
as well and all set of their own loyal dealers, so yes certain percentage of sales is coming to 
South and East also, but our focus in South and East is much lower compared to West and 
Page 8 of 21

Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
North, our main markets is West and North. If you want to split today, 
I would say 75% of 
our material 1s getting sold in West and North, 25% is getting sold in East and South and 
our prices also in East and South are much higher compared to West and North, obviously 
to compensate the extra freight. 
So, would it be possible for you to quantify how many distributor dealer networks that we 
have, and what is the overlap right now so the existing network versus new appointed 
distributed leaders? 
I think I can give you an approximation. 
| cannot give you an exact number. 
I think roughly 
we will be working with 
300 plus direct customers who are already established and are 
working regularly with us number one. Number two what was the other question you said? 
The overlap with the existing network, when we say 300. 
Overlap with the existing network, 
I would say hardly 20%, 
I think 20% dealers must be 
common out of this 300% and rest 80% for new and unique who have joined hands with the 
brand, yes. 
That is encouraging. Just a related question, Sir, how have we got this volume growth in 
market share gains how should you understand that? 
You are talking about MDF again? 
Yes, only MDF. 
So 
I think, Greenply is a very well known brand and 
I think because we are a well known 
brand and the product is absolutely at par with any other manufacturer in terms of quality 
and we have a brand edge and because of our geographical location which is West and 
which 1s a unique location and nobody is in and around West and because of our aggressive 
marketing activities and our strategies 
I think that is the reason why we have been able to 
probably eat into the shares other had, 
I do not think the market has grown 
so much, 
especially when imports are coming in so much and people are putting new capacities. 
I do 
not think the growth has happened, but yes definitely we must have eaten somebody’s share 
or the other. 
Just to add to that ultimately the strength for us is one brand, second, our presence in West 
which clearly gives us an edge in terms of our distribution and third service. So, one of the 
Page 9 of 21

Ritesh Shah: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
reason also that we went into West was that there is no clutter there and we will be able to 
get straightaway business from the Western part of the country. 
My second question was on working capital. Again, the performance has been pretty good. 
Sir, how should we look at this specifically if you look at inventory days since June to 
September, 
it has reduced, receivable days has also reduced by around from 48 
to 42 
possible for you to segregate it between ply and MDF just to appreciate your performance? 
Thank you. 
So, working capital days what we have given in my opening speech is primarily on the 
plywood I would say, and I think it is 31 days which 
I mentioned there. See depending on 
quarter-to-quarter run rate also that will somehow change. So maybe Q3 performance may 
not be as good as Q2 because Q3 are always subdued, so the same 31 days maintaining the 
same principle which we have and the commercial tightness which we exuberate it can go 
up to maybe 37 or 38 days because of again a lower sales days and Q4 again it can again 
come back to 32-33 days. 
So, 
I think plywood business we should now look at on an 
average anything between 35 to 40 days that is the ideal number which we feel if we are 
able to operate it will be a good number. For the MDF I think it is too early because we just 
started operation, we just started even launching some value added products and we are 
expecting that the sales will improve in Q3 and Q4. 
I would rather say, 
I do not know 
Sanidhya may comment, but 
I think we should wait for some more time for things to 
stabilize and we can give you a better picture for next year maybe sometime in Q4. 
Also like our commercial policies when MDF 1s very much at par of the competition. So, 
[ 
think almost I do not know the exact number but almost 40% of our total sales is also APD 
change and the 7 day sales and the 14 day and the 21 days of credit policies pretty much at 
par with the industry. So, in credit there is no relaxation. 
That is quite encouraging Sir. If I just squeeze in one, which is on specific to again MDF, 
will we be looking at exports and if at all what 1s the margin profile that we would be 
looking at or will we continue to focus only on the domestic sales relying on our branded 
distribution that is one and the second question is on sourcing on timber, basically for the 
Gujarat plant I think we had earlier indicated at the very start that will serve something from 
South and gradually over time that will reduce so is that the incremental margin driver what 
is the timeline that we should look at over here? Thank you. 
On the timber front we are very, very clear that if you look at our timber cost even in the 
last quarter for MDF that 1s pretty much at par with any manufacturer of MDF in Northern 
Page 10 of 21

Ritesh Shah: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Ritesh Shah: 
Moderator: 
Arun Baid: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
India. So hence we have no problem to compete in terms of our costing in North and in 
West and it 1s true that at the moment we are not only sourcing from South, the resources 
from some other parts of India also and sourcing from Gujarat, but the way our plantation 
drive and with the way we have been working since before the plant started since the 
financial year, even before the plant started we are very confident that we will be self 
sustaining. So, we have almost planted about 2.7 Crore saplings before the plant started and 
this financial year itself, we 
are planning approximately 
1.5 Crore saplings 
in 
a 150- 
kilometer radius of our plant. 
So we are working hard enough to ensure our own raw 
material sustainability and a better future and see pricing is all demand supply driven, will 
be very unfair for me to comment on that because 
I will keep changing, but as far as the 
sustainability is concerned and raw material availability and running of plants is concerned, 
I am not worried about choosing Gujarat in fact, from the market point of view we feel that 
we have done a very, very good decision by putting up the facility in Gujarat. One because 
of ease of working and second all the big markets are very, very close to us. 
And exports? 
Exports we do not have any export liability as a company and in the MDF segment, given 
the domestic realizations, 
1 feel exporting 
is a waste of time in my opinion, 
so we will 
continue to 
sell 
in the trade. 
If we are unable to 
sell and we 
still want to achieve our 
capacities, we can always sell plain maternal in the market slightly higher than in export 
prices through domestic importers. 
Sure. That is all from my side. Thank you so much. All the very best. 
Thank you, 
Sir. The next question is from the line of Arun Baid from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead Sir. 
Sir, just carrying on the MDF front we already have one quarter of revenue. Sir, ballpark 
what is our gross margin in this business for now because in Q2 we will mainly have the 
non-pre-lam business just to understand how the gross margins were there? 
I think it is too early, 
I believe this is too early to comment. 
I think going forward with the 
pre-lam added etc., and once we are on full scale, 
I think then things will really change for 
us. At this moment it 1s very difficult, but if you still want to know for the last quarter and I 
am sure Gautam and Nitin Ji can give you the number as to how much the gross margin 
‘was. 
Page 11 of 21

Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
Because the idea to ask that question 
[ hope Gautam will get back to you the data, but the 
idea of the question was because when pre-lam comes in our margin should be way, way 
better because the relation there are massive right, compared to your industrial rate, so just 
try to get that because if your Q2 numbers are pretty good on the MDF front so Q3 you 
should get some incremental revenues from pre-lam and Q4 should be much bumper which 
is typically the better quarter across the board, so just trying to get that because then your 
guidance, margins without pre-lam is at 15%-16% we should be way better than that, it is 
this year itself better idea to understand. 
Q3 also in September we have sold the value-added product the whole of September. So 
yes, you are right and that is what we said that in Q3 the margins according to us will 
improve further and further in Q4. But look ultimately, we have to test the water we are just 
a very new player and initially everything looks good, but we have to be there, we have to 
be consistent in supply, distribution, service, everything. So let us wait for a few quarters, of 
course ves, the margins improve, and we will come back to you, and we will get the 
numbers. 
So, the idea, because you said you sold something 
in pre-lam in Q2 itself because the 
realization if 
1 look on quarter-on-quarter Ql obviously you had very low sales, but still 
your realization there was 28546 and if I look at this quarter it 1s 28540 so there was no 
increase 
so 
that 
is why 
[ assume 
the pre-lam 
sales 
has 
not happened 
that was my 
assumption. 
Also, that you have to see the other mix also how much of the interior got sold in Q2. So 
what Sanidhya is trying to say that maybe one or two more quarters we will also get a lot of 
clarity in terms of the mix what we are able to sell, how the market is panning out, lot many 
questions will get answered to us also internally, but your concern is right, and we are also 
hoping the same thing that Q3 margin will be better than Q2 and Q4 should be better than 
Q3. 
Just one more question was, you mentioned about 300-350 Crores of investment in that new 
venture. 
Just how much would 
that move 
in FY2024 
and FY2025 
from 
an 
equity 
perspective? 
300 Crores out of which it is first 50:50, so our share 1s somewhere around let us say 150 to 
175 and of that 20% is our equity, let us say 20%-25%, so roughly we are estimating over a 
period of next three to four years 40 Crores is the equity which we need to infuse. Most of it 
however maybe around 25 to 30 Crores, maybe 25, maybe 30 will go in the next 12 months. 
Page 12 of 21

Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
Just to get some more sense in this business, 
| have no clue of this business, but in this 
business assuming we put 30 odd Crores and the partner put 30 odd Crores first for your 
operations can give what kind of numbers, how do you look at this business? 
First year you said, or you are saying overall capacity what it will generate out of this 
investment? 
So, my first question was first and then I will come to the each of the questions. 
Well, look first year we are assuming right now that possibly we will be able to commission 
the plant by the end of Ql of next year, which means June, the balance nine months we are 
hoping maybe we will be able to do a turnover of around 100 Crores or so in the beginning 
and balance nine months 100 Crores. Yes, that 1s the maximum which we look at in year 
one and since it is a 50:50 JV the consolidation will be a line item consolidation, 
so the 
topline the sales will not get added, it will not get consolidated. 
How profitable this business would be, Sir? 
Actually, maybe by the second or third year of operations the EBITDA margin can be 
extremely, extremely healthy. It can even go up to 20% plus, it can even range 25% plus. 
Just a followup here, full assuming 300 Crores of capex or 350 Crores of capex, is done, 
how much can the revenue from that business? 
800 Crores of capacities is what it will lead to, but this is not something which is scalable 
like any other business, so incrementally we can assume like in 3 years of full operation we 
should be able to reach to around 300 Crores which can be a great number in year three. 
‘Who would be your competition right now in the market? 
Competition for this business. 
So, the competition 
is Hettich, Hafele, and 
a few Indian 
companies 
like Ebco, 
Dorset, 
Godrej 
small 
player, 
but Godrej 
also 
and 
a few more 
international brands but they are too miniscule. See we will clearly get the advantage of 
being the second player in the country after Hettich to have a full manufacturing facility and 
that will be a big advantage for us to get traction and second again in our existing channel 
itself there 
is a good possibility that we will be able to create distributors because our 
existing channel is very bullish and very gung-ho on this new product line which we have 
spoken to them. 
Page 13 of 21

Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Arun Baid: 
Moderator: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
Just one thing on the plywood business, do you expect like obviously you have numbers for 
the month of October, 
but do you expect typically our premium share 
to go back to 
normalization in second half of this year? 
Well, 
| mentioned this and 
I mentioned even in my earlier call that as a company we still 
believe that we have the nght products, but we are the innovators and our zero emission 
category 1s something which is really we want to push this into the market and we are 
seeing some new players also getting added with zero emission plywood, but last three, four 
quarters we have seen that the market is slightly moved towards the value segment so that 
remains a challenge because the more we are able to improve it, 
it will help our margin to 
grow. That is a clear belief and Greenply brand has always been the leader in the premium 
category, though I still maintain the leadership, but we need to grow. 
I can only share at this 
point of time it is a desired statement. There are efforts, but we have not seen that result in 
the last three quarters for sure. 
Any geography we did really well in Q2 for us in plywood business can you tell that, any 
particular geography which we did really well? 
No, 
I think, 
it is actually no, we have almost grown well in most of the areas, 1% here or 
there, but the growth has been very similar across the country. 
The trend continues in October. 
Well again Q3 as you know 1s a festival period and traditionally Q3 will be slightly subdued 
compared to Q2, but 
I think when you look at the macro economics at this point of time 
things looks good. 
I have always been advocating this that things look good for building 
material segment. Yes, some glitches would be there depending on some economic news 
and other things, but overall, things look good for branded players. If we continue to do the 
right things we will continue to grow in this business. 
Thank you very much. Best of luck. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Mohit Agarwal from IIFL. Please go 
ahead, Sir. 
Thanks a lot, for the opportunity. I had a couple of questions. So firstly a clarification on the 
MDF segment you mentioned about the value added products could you quantify during 
second quarter what was the share of value added products in the 31000 volume that you 
did and where would you like to take it [ understand it will take a few quarters for you to 
Page 14 of 21

Sanidhya Mittal: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Nitin Kalani: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Moderator: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
realize that, but where would you ideally want to take it on a steady state basis and by when 
do you think you will be able to achieve it the share of value added in MDF? 
I think at this point it will not be fair to share, we would want it to be 100% ideally 
speaking, but that is not practical. So, totally depends on what the sales team can achieve, 
how much the brand can attract and how much we can focus on our value-added sales. 
I 
think time is going to say and our hard work is going to speak that how much we will be 
able to achieve. For the last quarter what we achieve, the team can share the data. You can 
get in touch with Mr. Nitin Kalani. He will share the data with the share of value added for 
Q2, but going forward I think it will be unfair to decide how much it will be. Our aim 1s for 
the highest like whatever we can maximum we do not want to stop on that. 
But any ballparks are there, any like a 50%-60% share 1s what you would want to achieve at 
least? 
Ideally speaking yes, but 
I think time should say whether we can achieve 
it or not, but 
ideally speaking yes, 50% should be exterior, HMR, boilo, pre-lam put together. 
My second question is on the plywood business, you mentioned so we have 11% growth 
this quarter and 7% growth for first half, and you mentioned that the growth is coming in 
from value segment is 
it possible to kind of quantify how much 
is the value segment 
growing and how much 
is premium growing, just want to understand the divergence 
between the growth rates of premium and value? 
The premium segment has not grown as I mentioned in the beginning. Value term 56% now 
earlier it was 58%, and mid segment is 41% last quarter and Q2 1s 43%, so 2% increase in 
mid segment. 
43% is the value segment, right? 
Yes. One year or maybe four quarters back it was 37% so then you can see the shift from 37 
to 43 over last four quarters. 
Understood, perfect. That is all from my side. 
Thank you, Sir. The next question is from the line of Balaji Vaidyanath from NAFA Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead Sir. 
Page 15 of 21

& 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
Good evening. Just wanted to understand there is a metric that you track in terms of the 
pricing differential between the value ply versus top end MDF and if so, how that pricing 
differential has moved because you mentioned that the value ply is doing much better in 
your overall 
five segment, 
so 
at what point does 
it becomes, 
the customer becomes 
indifferent between a, top end MDF versus value ply? 
I think value ply is growing because if you see the pyramid of the plywood industry the 
value segment 1s much larger and the premium segment is very small, and we are already 
having a significant share in the premium segment. Hence the value is growing much faster 
than the premium that is the plywood story because of the market and 
I think MDF, and 
plywood are clearly different needs of the consumers and depending on different need and 
the consumer chooses or the fumiture manufacturer chooses, 
or the converter chooses 
depending on the need. 
I think they are very different needs when he is coming in to buy 
value plywood he is coming into the different mindset, when he is coming in to buy MDF 
which is premium or the cheaper MDF does not matter. He is coming in with a different 
mindset because I think the end use according to an end customer might be, okay at the end 
of the day furniture going to be made, but the type of furniture, the use of furniture, the 
finish the carpenter or the contractor or the designer wants to achieve on a given furniture in 
MDF is different to plywood. So yes, it varies. The need vanes. 
Also, 
like Sanidhya saying well depending 
on the end consumer needs, 
so one clear 
differentiation 
still which remains in the country 
is whether you are using 
it for your 
personal 
use and 
in residential versus 
if you 
are using 
it 
in any 
of your investment 
properties or commercial needs. So, in commercial needs more of MDF get sold for the 
reason because most of these OEMs or the high-end contractors were set up a shop for 
making fumiture, they want something where the thickness variations and nothing should 
become an obstruction to them. So, for them it is like mass production, but still in terms of 
the product per se there is a lot of difference between plywood and MDF. So, the home 
users and everyone who wants a good longevity in their products, and they still relies a lot 
on plywood only. Second, MDF again there are different uses also because MDF 1s much 
beyond furniture as an industry, so it has many other usages. Ply is purely furniture usage 
only. 
You are saying that the cannibalization is very minimum in terms of sales? 
To some extent that cannibalization is going to happen as I said because for OEM you will 
see slightly higher attraction on the MDF side because plywood 
is a very natural product 
and whatever one can do, but you may still see some level of thickness vanation of course 
Page 16 of 21

Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
that goes into micro MM but that is not something which a machine understands. So, when 
it comes to OEM people still prefer MDF because they get better productivity the machine 
understands that, but when 
it comes to carpentry work, when 
it comes to labor, when 
it 
comes to reliability, strength, durability, then people still look at plywood as an option and 
that in this country will continue for sure, for long. 
The actual reason that [ am asking is 
| am wondering why that when there is a raw material 
price hike, timber price hike, why is it that you are not able to take price hike in the end 
products considering that the region where you are present does not have any import threat, 
at least in the southern region there is threat of imports, etc., but being in West and North 
there is very minimal import, 
so there is a raw material pressure you can take the price 
increase? 
I think at this moment price increase in MDF is not a question because there are a lot of 
imports, number one. Number two, there are many people who already added capacity or 
are in the process of adding capacity, so 
I think everybody is wanting to secure their own 
market share, secure their own customers, secure their own volumes and at this given point 
I do not think it is possible to further increase prices, in fact to hold on to prices will be a 
challenge. 
I think if you really ask us our priority at this point of time is to scale up business without 
disturbing the price which already others 
are 
able 
to 
get into the market 
so 
that we 
maximize our throughput and we maximize our margin also. 
So, this import of MDF is a threat even for Western region? 
Yes of course, import of MDF is a threat to everyone. We are also very near to the port to 
that extent, but it is okay, 
it is all on the interior grade only. This also we have mentioned 
earlier that the whole import takes place only on the interior grade and the imports if you 
see last couple of years of data, maybe if it was around 10% or 11% of the total MDF 
business in country it is around maybe 13% to 14% today if you really look at of the total 
MDF consumption into the country and that is mainly interior grade, 
so that is where 
somebody earlier asked that what 1s our plan on the VAP products mix and sales and that is 
where most of the MDF players in this country, they concentrate that. 
I was just asking 
in terms of the Bureau 
of Indian Standards coming up with 
a new 
notification for import of wood products wanted your views on that 
in terms of how 
difficult it would make the life for importers? 
Page 17 of 21

& 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Balaji Vaidyanath: 
Moderator: 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Keshav Lahoti: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
I think 1t will definitely make the importers life slightly difficult. 
I think however this was 
applicable from the end of the year, so it is still a wait and watch and how much will that 
help us time will say, and it is good that the government is taking such measures to make 
sure that Indian manufacturers are getting protected. 
Thank you so much and wish you all the best. 
Thank you, Sir. The next question is from the line of Keshav Lahoti from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead, Sir. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, as we highlighted in call the timber charges are on par 
with North prices, but North price is currently 30% higher than South prices, so how will 
you be able to compete with import in Western market when you have a higher timber 
prices and what is your timber price per kg in Q2? 
See the prices of timber in North and West are almost similar, in South also the prices have 
gone up and today if you really see they are only cheaper by around Re.1 a kilo type which 
would be in terms of percentage maybe around 14%-15% if you take that, but between 
North and West there 1s no difference in the landed price. 
We are not trying to compete with the import. We are selling at a much higher realization 
than import. Import average realization in 
Rs. 19000-Rs.20000 pwe CBM, while as our 
average realization for interior grade in the trade is about Rs.25000 per CBM and as you 
keep going higher exterior HMR, boilo, 
it keeps getting higher, and boilo for example our 
realization would be like Rs.65000 per CBM, though the sales volume is very low but we 
are the second player in the country to have this category, there 
is nobody else in the 
country has this category. 
No, my point was more from like when the import price and your price differential becomes 
bigger than 20%, then people might decide to shift to imported products because of the 
pricing difference, so possibly if you have a higher tender price at your end, you need to sell 
it at a higher realization so possibly that makes room for import to gain market share? 
See, to some extent that 
I said that we see 1% or 2% increase as a total percentage of 
consumption in India on the import side, but you have to also understand like today in West 
we can even serve a very small quantity. We can serve the quantity to the end user on a 
daily basis. When it happens to import, we have to carry certain amount of inventory. Also, 
once the price is decided maybe they get the consignment after one month or two months, 
Page 18 of 21

Moderator: 
Kushagra: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Kushagra: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
so the uncertainty over what can be the price of the couple of months. So, there are factors 
otherwise today import would have been big time into this country. Yes, 
it is a decent 
number, but the status also understands that there is always a plus and the minus. The pros 
and cons are always there for anything which we import into the country and mainly on 
interior grade the fight with importers on interior grade is not on other grades. 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Kushagra from Old Bridge Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions one given that you are already on 52% 
utilization levels in MDF segment where do you see your cost per CBM settling in for your 
interior grade MDF if you can give some color over there, that will be helpful, so we have 
seen a comparison, 
| would say we have seen some of the larger players report or sort of 
clocking around Rs.17000 to Rs. 18000 per CBM 
I am just trying to get a sense of where 
will you settle in once your utilization level ramp up? 
I think 1t will be too early to say, 
think at the end of the year we will be in a better position 
to reply on this because if you look at the number of months from May 5, 2023, we started 
so hardly being five months of operation till Q2 end. So, it is still too new to comment on 
this. Lot of our costs might be slightly higher today because the volumes are comparatively 
lower. We are slightly newer players compared to others. Would not be comparable by the 
year end or next year Ql we will be in the position to give you a real picture. 
Yes, at this point of time the overall margin which we are able to derive from the business 
for the next few quarters will be relevant, will be the factual thing because we also get to 
know, and we have to also understand our cost structure as Sanidhya saying we might be, 
and this 1s one business where you get better consumption propensity only with majority. 
So, we will also continue to improve on the cost structure. Those are other sweet points 
which are still there and that is what we understand about the industry that it takes around 
anywhere between nine months to 
12 months minimum to mature on the cost side. That 
there would be breakdown, there would be stoppages, there would be new samples, and 
there would be a lot of things which initially we would be experimenting with. So, 
[ agree 
with Sanidhya that these questions will become more relevant sometimes in next year. 
Alright. The second question is on capital allocation. So the sense we should give on the JV 
in terms of investments and asset turnovers and EBITDA our peak revenue the broad match 
says that the payback terms should be five to six years so if you can confirm to that or 
something more to 
it and 
a related question 
is what are the debt levels which you are 
Page 19 of 21

Manoj Tulsian: 
Kushagra: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Kushagra: 
Moderator: 
Akshay Chheda: 
Manoj Tulsian: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
thinking of carrying on your balance sheet over the medium-term as well given the amount 
of cash flows which you will be able to generate hence forth? 
So, first question on the hardware 
I have just given a ballpark number, you never know 
maybe in the first 12 months itself because we have a good distribution strength, and the 
product qualities are very good and cost wise we would be definitely much better because 
we would be manufacturing, 
I said 100 Crores, we might even look at maybe doing 200 
Crores in year one itself. So, 
it is too early. There is no point right now commenting on 
payback and all those. I have given you the ballpark thing. Yes, the margin profile is good if 
it 
1s more than 25% because these are all high end engineered products and the total 
investments over the phases what we have agreed with the JV partners is anything between 
300-350 Crores and that can give us the capacity of 800 Crores in terms of manufacturing. 
So, these are the facts at this point of time as we mature maybe next year, we will be able to 
share 
better perspective 
on 
the 
same. 
It 
is 
too 
early, 
I mean, 
what 
is the 
point of 
commenting on this thing at this point of time. 
Alright, just on debt and thanks all the best. 
On the debt side like we have given guidance that one as an organization we want to be 
within debt equity of one at any point of time. We also said that we will peak out our debt 
somewhere around 750 Crores. We still maintain that and the whole idea is finally to be 
within that this 1:1 level. 
Sure. Alright. Thank you. All the best. 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Akshay Chheda from Canara 
Robeco. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Thank you for the opportunity. Just one question. 
Sir, how should we look at this 11% 
volume growth in this year, is it that finally demand is coming back in plywood, of course 
you did mention that the third quarter because of seasonality would be weak, but would it 
be that fourth quarter would be better than second quarter and then FY2025 will be better 
than FY2024 so do you think that things are improving from your own or too early for that? 
Well for this year first, yes, Q3 as like any other year because of a lot of festivity is always 
the subdued quarter. So, the Q3 numbers possibly will be, and I mean should be lower than 
the Q2 numbers, but Q4 again the number improves because that is a good season. So, for 
the full year as I said we are at 7% right now in Hl. We are hoping that if you are able to 
Page 20 of 21

Akshay Chheda: 
Moderator: 
Sanidhya Mittal: 
Moderator: 
Greenply Industries Limited 
November 06, 2023 
clock around 9% in H2 then for sure we are at 8% volume growth and as 
I have always 
maintained in plywood business if we do the things in the right perspective and if we do not 
have any supply side challenges then we always will try to grow the volume between 8% to 
10% for next few years for sure. Even though the market does not grow, but I think the shift 
from unorganized to organized and our own better working, our own performance will help 
us to grow to that extent for sure between 8% and 10%. 
Okay Sir. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. 
I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Thank you all for taking time to participate in this call. In case of any further clarifications 
or queries, please feel free to reach Mr. Nitin Kalani. Thanks again and goodbye. 
Thank you. On behalf of Asian Markets Securities Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 21 of 21
