 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Registered Office: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai  - 400 706 
CIN: L65100MH2007PLC171959 Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000, website: www.finobank.com 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001          
(Scrip Code: 543386) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
(Symbol:  FINOPB)  
 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub:   Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on Thursday, November 02, 2023 - 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
 
Ref: Earnings call with Investors and Analysts held on Thursday, November 02, 2023 
 
In continuation to our letter dated October 23, 2023 please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the 
earnings call with the investors and analysts held on Thursday, November 02, 2023. 
 
Only information available in public domain was discussed with the investors/analysts. 
 
This disclosure will also be available on the Bank’s website i.e.  www.finobank.com 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
 
 
 
 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
 
Encl: a/a 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAND LONI
Digitally signed by 
BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND LONI 
Date: 2023.11.07 19:29:34 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Q2 FY-24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, FINO PAYMENTS BANK 
LIMITED 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MRS. SHEETAL KHANDUJA – GO INDIA ADVISORS  

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Fino Payments bank Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mrs. Sheetal Khanduja from Go India Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you ma’am. 
Sheetal Khanduja: 
Thank you, Arshia. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Fino Payments Bank Earnings 
Call to discuss the Q2 and H1 FY24 Results. 
We have on the call with us today Mr. Rishi Gupta – Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Ketan Merchant – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Anup Agarwal – Head Investor 
Relations.  
We must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the Company faces. 
I now request Mr. Rishi Gupta to take us through the Company's “Business Outlook and 
Financial Highlights,” subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and 
over to you sir.  
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you. Sheetal. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for 
the Fino Payments Bank Quarter 2 FY24 Earnings Call.  
We have been consistently doing well quarter after quarter and this quarter embarks another 
milestone of our business volumes. We're happy to share that we are going as per our strategy 
and priority. 
Before we get into business and financial updates let me quickly update you on the strategic 
aspect of our business: 
Our TAM strategy, which is “Transaction, Acquisition and Monetization” is making good 
progress and is aligning with our long-term goals.  
For those who may not be familiar, allow me to provide a brief explanation of our TAM 
strategy. 
 
 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
TRANSACTION PHASE: 
It is the first phase through which we have built a large distribution network of merchants 
totaling 15.1 lakh merchants as of September 2023. We are on plan to achieve 2 million 
merchants by FY26. We have successfully executed this phase and crossed a total throughput 
of 86,000 crores in Quarter 2 compared to 60,000 crores in Quarter 2 last year. Our 
geographical presence of merchants, branches and touch points across the country with north 
and east contributing to 67% of the total distribution. We will continue to deepen our merchant 
density in enhanced coverage in west and south, ensuring last mile reach. This forms a strong 
foundation for the SFB in the future.  
ACQUISITION PHASE: 
We are presently in the acquisition phase where we are actively broadening our presence in 
both physical as well as digital space. We have been maintaining our acquisitions free of more 
than 2.5 lakh new customers every month. Our renewal income has grown by 95% on year-on-
year basis. This continues to significantly strengthen our foundation for the annuity income. As 
the acquisition becomes stronger some of the revenues from transaction income which is 
largely off us customers have started to gradually shift to acquisition revenue or on us 
customers.  
MONETIZATION: 
Focus and imputers of transaction and acquisition phase with increased UPI penetration 
enables higher customer stickiness, contributing to higher annuity income on a year-on-year 
basis and future opportunities of cross-sell.  This will come to play more as an SFB. Digital 
Fino 2.0; we have been actively growing our digital presence as I've said in the last 
presentation as well leading to increased penetration. During the quarter we opened more than 
50,000 savings account digitally through our FinoPay app. Our digital banking segment 
continues to exhibit robust growth, with digital throughput reaching 23,000 crores in Quarter 2 
FY24, representing an impressive 120% year-on-year growth. In Quarter 2 FY24 FinoPay 
which is our digital app downloads has experienced 167% increase on a year-on-year basis 
totaling to 12.6 lakhs. We continue to contribute more than 1.25% of the total transaction 
volume in the UPI ecosystem, outperforming many established banks.  
Thanks to the government and regulatory initiatives around digital India stack, at Fino we are 
driving one of our biggest changes of going digital. This behavioral change from cash to digital 
is irreversible and it's catching up across all stratas of society as well as present across the 
nation. That is both in rural as well as urban. Fino is also moving in similar direction with 
more and more customers becoming digitally savvy. Out of our total customer base of 9 
million customers roughly 3.6 million or 40% of our customers are actively using digital 
service and this number is only growing faster. NPCI statistics show that the share ratio of cash 
withdrawal which is ATM, micro-ATM, AEPS and UPI was 45 to 55 in Quarter 1 FY23 and 
now has become 33 to 67. That is nearly two thirds of the transactions are now on the UPI 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
platform. Our cash withdrawal business moved from 64% in Quarter 1 FY23 to 34% FY24 of 
the overall transaction throughput, much in line with what is happening in the ecosystem. UPI 
adaptability is growing faster. It's growing at a faster pace than anticipated. Fino is also 
building products around digital ecosystem both on the B2B as well as on the B2C. 
QUARTERLY PERFORMANCE: 
Now let me update on the business aspect: 
Our quarterly revenue demonstrated a substantial 18.2% increase on year-to-year basis, 
amounting to 358.6 crores. Over the half year period we observed a 19.3% year-on-year 
growth in revenue, much in line with a 20% target as a guidance of growth on a year-on-year 
basis. PAT for the quarter registered a robust 42% on a year-on-year growth while over the 
half year it is even more impressive with 60% growth. Our growth in high margin products 
encompassing CASA and CMS now represents 30% of the total revenue in Quarter 2 FY24, 
marking an increase from 26% a year ago. Our own revenue share increased from 65% in 
Quarter 2‘24 to 69% in Quarter 2‘24 which means 65% in Quarter 1‘24 to 69% in Quarter 
2‘24, leading to a net revenue margin expansion of 140 bps. CMS volumes have grown 40% 
on year-on-year basis in Quarter 2‘24 from 10,500 crores to 15,000 crores on account of new 
partnerships and incremental volumes of existing partners.  
Our transaction business has been moderately impacted in H1‘24 with ecosystem challenges 
specifically on AEPS front. However, we believe the same would phase out in H2‘24. 
Regulators, banks and other FinTechs have established controls to ensure all potential risks are 
mitigated. We are continuously investing in technology for enhancing the capacity for 
incremental volumes and building new product capabilities in digital space. We are revamping 
our technology stack by making the core banking platform much lighter and faster. This means 
we are moving out some of the functionalities to outside the core. We have already started the 
journey of changing our core banking partner over the next 15-18 years so as to be technology 
ready for the future.  
Consequent to our Board approval in July‘23, we are actively preparing for submitting our 
application for the SFB and are also exploring avenues of corporate restructuring as we 
mentioned in the last meeting. In the broader perspective, fostering digital penetration along 
with profitability remains a pivotal role in a strategic roadmap. We remain steadfast in our 
commitment to delivering superior performance enhancing shareholder value. 
With that I'd like to hand over to Ketan Merchant – our CFO who will run us through the 
financial results. Over to you Ketan.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you Rishi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us today 
once again on our Earnings Call. 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
I'm delighted to announce that we built a consistent trajectory of profitable quarters. We have 
continuously achieved strong performance and present quarter is no exception. It marks 
another resilient and profitable period. 
As Rishi mentioned our performance in this quarter reaffirms our commitment to attaining our 
future goals, particularly emphasizing our 20% year-on-year growth which we've committed 
earlier. During the quarter we further deepened our distribution network with around 68,000 
new merchants on boarded in the quarter. This coupled with digital penetration allowed us to 
improve accessibility and engagement for our customers.  
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE: 
For Q2 FY24 our total revenue stood at 358.6 crores, up by 18.2%. Net revenue margin 
expanded by 140 bps to 33%. This is in line with our intended objective of focus on growth of 
high margin product and has a direct impact on our bottom line to the extent of 4.5 crores. Our 
EBITDA margins have increased to 12.9% in Q2 FY24 from 10.1% in Q2 FY23. EBITDA has 
grown by 51% YOY to 46.2 crores in Q2 ‘24. Our PAT increased by 41.5% on a year-on-year 
basis to 19.5 crores. During the quarter, our total throughput exceeded 86.6 thousand crores 
marking a substantial 43% year-on-year growth. Furthermore, as Rishi mentioned our digital 
throughput experience and impressive 120% year-on-year increase reaching (+23,000) crores 
and now represents 27% of throughput. These strong performance indicators lay a robust 
foundation for the future cross selling opportunities, allowing us to capitalize on our existing 
base and expanding our services.  
Just a quick recall of our H1 numbers: 
Our total revenue stood at 706.9 crores, a 19.3% year-on-year growth. Our EBITDA margins 
have increased to 12.3% in H1 from 9.1 in the previous year H1. EBITDA has grown by 
60.3% YOY to 86.7 crores. Our PAT increased by 60% to a number of 38.2 crores. This is for 
H1 ‘24.  
SEGMENTAL BUSINESS PERFORMANCE: 
Our revenues from CASA, savings and currents account have increased by 38% year-on-year 
reaching 75.2 crores. This growth is mainly driven by a significant surge in our renewal 
income which has increased by 95% on a year-on-year basis and now stands at 30.3 crores for 
the quarter. The notable rise in our account subscription and renewal rate indicates the loyalty 
of our customers and underscores our status as their preferred bank. This is the cornerstone of 
our planned ambition of SFB.  
In our Q4 ‘23 Earnings Call we stated that we will deepen our customer base in south and here 
I am with some statistics. We are happy to share that in a highly populated Karnataka and 
Tamil Nadu our customer base has increased by 129% and 92% respectively for the half year 
period. We've also seen an expansion in number of customers actively engaging with our 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
digital services. Out of the total customer base of 9 million, 3.6 million or 40% are digitally 
active customers. We are consistently adding more than 2.5 lakh new customers every month 
and more than 50% of these new customers are digitally active. This ongoing trend is expected 
to contribute to robust growth in deposits and as we expand our customer base. Our average 
deposits grew by 53% on a YOY basis for the quarter. The other key product which we 
essentially have is CMS which is our driver and a high margin product. Revenue from CMS 
stood at 33.5 crores, up by 38% in Q2. In H1 FY24 the revenue saw an increase of 54%. On a 
YOY basis throughput in CMS surged by a 40% up to 14,685 crores. It showed an impressive 
growth of 55% YOY for the half year period. Out of the total throughput NBFC and MFI 
sector contributed 65% in Quarter 2 as compared to 92% when we started off the business in 
Quarter 2 of FY22. With an established diversified network of 189 partners a strategic 
emphasis has been laid on partner diversification resulting in a sustainable CMS growth. We 
have strong presence across 14 states wherein average monthly throughput is over 100 crores 
in Q2 FY24. This number was up at 12 states in Q2 FY23. Here again emphasis on 
diversification of geography as well as industries for CMS.  
Overall, CASA and CMS continued to be our high margin products delivering better than our 
expectations. These businesses are poised for significant growth result in margin expansion 
and boosting the profitability of the Company. As Rishi mentioned the pace of UPI uptake is 
faster than anticipated and we are uniquely placed to ride the UPI wave in our target segment. 
Just to elaborate; in our endeavor to make customers more digitally savvy there is continued 
effort to convert a micro-ATM and AEPS customer into a CASA customer and that is yielding 
results as evident in our digital growth which we earlier mentioned is 120% on a quarter-by-
quarter basis for the year.  
While transaction business, remittance and cash withdrawal business are witnessing some 
amount of system challenges, customers funnel which is the hook which we use for enhancing 
our high margin product is maintained and that is evident from our transaction volumes. Our 
payment services segment in B2B space which are equally high margin specifically on the UPI 
payment product is contributing 18% of the digital throughput in Q2 ‘24.  
To Conclude: 
I want to emphasize that we are successfully progressing through the acquisition phase, 
building a strong foundation and infrastructure for monetization phase. In all of this we 
continue to maintain our cost at reasonable level so that PAT growth continues to be 2x to 
2.25x of our revenue growth. This is our stated objective which we had maintained and we are 
working around the same. With this I'll just hand over the session for any questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Mr. Ashish from Infinity Alternatives.  

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
Ashish: 
A couple of things. One is, we saw digital revenues kind of coming in at 18 odd crores for the 
quarter. What is the kind of gross margin on this product? Because I can't see that on the next 
slide.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Ashish is that the one?  
Ashish: 
The second one was in relation to the CAPEX. If I look at in the six months, we've invested 50 
odd crores in CAPEX, is there something which you expect to remain at elevated levels going 
forward or what's your outlook around that?  
Ketan Merchant: 
Let me take the first one first. You are right as we've been saying it off and Rishi and myself 
eluded a bit in terms of our statement as well that, on the digital side we've been building our 
stack coming out. The margin out here, digital comprises of the payment services, the UPI 
Pay-in which I eluded towards and that contributed to around 20% in addition to the retail UPI 
thing which we are doing. There as we mentioned it off, our margin is equally high. We are 
looking at around 48% to 50% kind of a margin coming out in these products which we said. 
Having said that I think it's the beginning. Rishi earlier mentioned that it's the beginning of our 
digital journey and we will continue to do that. Second question of yours comes on the 
CAPEX side. I just go back to our statement earlier as well, at the beginning of the year or the 
Quarter 4 that we will continue to invest into technology and digital. The genesis of our capital 
was also to make this kind of stack. If you ask me the question how does the outlook look in 
terms of the CAPEX, we will continue to invest over next three four five quarters in terms of 
technology and digital. The impact of that coming in the P&L if that is what you were alluding 
towards, in the stated objective which we have mentioned which I just concluded my statement 
with, that a 20% growth in top line and a 2.25X kind of a growth of that revenue coming in the 
bottom line, that already factors some of these CAPEX which is essentially coming and the 
testimony of digital starting to give this yield result is also a point to reckon. So that's where 
we essentially stand.  
Ashish: 
And the other question was in relation to SFB, when do you think you can on the SFB and the 
M&A what are the timelines looking like on both of those? 
Rishi Gupta: 
On the SFB more or less our application is ready. We are doing the final touches on that. So, in 
the next one month or so we should be able to file it with the regulator. On the merger we are 
looking forward to the guidance from our holding Company Fino PayTech because they are 
waiting for some internal approvals to happen, only then they will formally write to us for 
going ahead with the merger.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Shreya Shivani from CLSA India Private Limited. 
Shreya Shivani: 
I have two questions. First, it's not related to the business but something that came in the media 
article about some employees undertaking certain fraudulent activities. Can you help us 
understand that better and what are the steps that you're taking to control such issues that could 
happen in an organization? My second question is on the cross-sell products. You had 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
mentioned in the last couple of quarters that cross selling of loans are at the pilot stage for the 
merchants etc. If you can give us any update of how are the pilot programs going what kind of 
experiences are you building in and what kind of demand is coming in that will be useful? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Shreya so let me first come to the first question. You're right there was an article and that 
actually came when we reported to the stock exchange. After that, the article came. So, there 
were some unauthorized actions and representations made by some alleged staff as such. We 
also believe there is some contributory negligence or possibility of collision on part of the 
certain complainants which has led to some abnormalities and non-adherence to the regular 
process of a bank. So that's the broad thing which is there. This complaint came to us in the 
month of May-June, post that we had appointed KPMG on our own as management Suo moto 
to look at the complaints independently both at the field level. Largely this was field related 
complaints. Post that we have also filed some police complaints and taken actions against 
some of our employees which we found were not doing as per the stated process and in the 
right ethics of the bank. Till now we have not received any legal case or legal complaint or any 
law enforcement agencies have been informed by the complainants against the bank. The bank 
has not benefited or lost any amount on account of this. So, prima facie based on this there is 
no liability or impact on the bank as such except for some of the employees and some of these 
things which have come up in the media and the reputations which got impacted account of 
that. We will also like to reiterate that this has nothing to do with customer accounts or 
customer money which continues to be safe and secure and we continue to work on our plans. 
Post this, investigations and everything else, we have further strengthened some of the 
processes, some of our employees, policies and knowledge nuggets and everything else, so that 
this kind of thing doesn't happen in the future.  The Company has taken all requisite steps 
which are required when such kind of an event happens. I think we are in control of this 
situation which is there. As I mentioned there is no legal liability which has come on Fino and 
there's been no case till now on us. So that's brought you to the first question. 
The second question on the cross-sell product per se. When we look at the cross-sell lending is 
obviously one of the products which we would look at referring to. But one thing which is 
coming on our way from taking it to the market is the FLDG expectation because we were 
talking to some of the NBFC partners that without FLDG because you know payments bank 
cannot issue FLDG as such. This matter was in gray area till the time RBI came out with that 
5% FLDG regulation. Post that we have seen most of the NBFC players now insisting of 5% 
FLDG. So, to that extent we are not in a position to provide because at a payments bank level 
we can't provide any FLDG. Because of which we are feeling constrained on account of that 
while we see there is inherent demand from our merchants and customers for lending 
opportunities but because of the drying up of lines specifically because of the FLDG issue, we 
have not made substantial progress as far as lending is concerned. But otherwise, when it 
comes to payments ecosystem or UPI ecosystem, I think there has been as I just mentioned in 
the previous question, nearly 5% of our revenue now is coming from digital. We believe at 
least on that part we are doing quite well and we believe that business will continue to grow as 
we go forward.  

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Shreya Shivani: 
The cross-sell on the lending part specifically it is still something which remains restricted for 
you because of this did I read that right?  
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, you are right. Because of the FLDG constraint, that I think will come over as we move 
into an SFB mode. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Harsh Shah from Reliance General Insurance.  
Harsh Shah: 
So, one of the questions which I wanted to understand is that how is UPI impacting our 
profitability? We have moved in house, so what are the economies we can see here?  
Rishi Gupta: 
Good question. Actually, some of it was captured in my opening remarks also and I had 
spoken about this in the last presentation because when people look at the UPI, they only look 
at one angle of UPI which is that UPI is a zero MDR product. But I think the life has moved 
beyond that. Obviously if you can charge a small amount on UPI, it can lead to a substantial 
profitability for us and many other players in the market, specifically the banks so to say. But 
let me talk about our UPI strategy and maybe sometime if you plan to come to our office, we'll 
be more than happy to take you through our entire digital stack and the digital offering. But 
from a high level I would say. As I mentioned nearly 40% of our customers have become 
digitally active. We did 37 crores of transactions on the UPI and it contributes to 1.25% of the 
overall throughput in the country. As I mentioned also in my remarks is that India is moving 
digital and UPI is driving that digital wave in a way. So, usage of cash is coming down and it 
is coming down at a faster pace than one would have anticipated 3-4 years back. This is 
inevitable. This is irreversible. That UPI wave can be curtailed or any other thing can happen 
on the UPI side. Further the government is also putting lot of other rails on the UPI stack. So, 
for us what does it mean? One is obviously if the MDR comes it will be going to substantially 
improve our profitability. But having said that UPI also becomes the mainstay for our CASA 
customers. A higher transaction on the UPI platform or UPI active customer gives us higher 
volume of business. It also leads to higher renewal income. It also has higher balances. So, 
from a UPI active customer we see the transaction volumes are higher, the balances are higher 
and the renewal rates are higher. That's on the B2C side. On the B2B side, as I mentioned 
earlier or Ketan mentioned that we have started to provide UPI rails for Pay-in products. Pay-
in products are largely products where the merchants have to be paid. In that process we are 
seeing a huge growth coming in. Both on the B2C side as well as on the B2B side, UPI is 
substantially helping us to build our CASA base and to improve our profitability. Further it can 
improve with the MDR. But having said that I think this is something which we have to do. 
And we think this will drive the Fino from a physical to digital and will help us in taking a 
higher substantial number of accounts in the future as well.  
Harsh Shah: 
One more thing on it. So, what all products can we plan on a UPI stack and are there any 
launch pipelines there?  
Rishi Gupta: 
On the UPI stack, we have the normal UPI payment products which are there. We also started 
to open UPI stack. We have started to provide to our partners as well. We have also started to 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
do UPI Pay-in. Over and above that, we are looking at providing credit on UPI, we are also 
looking at UPI Lite. So, whatever is there in the UPI ecosystem including UPI Collect, all 
those functionalities will actually be most of it will be ready by March of ‘24. And with more 
functionalities we expect the volumes to further go up on the UPI side and also making our 
customers become active. In fact, one product like UPI Lite actually enables transactions of 
less than Rs. 2,000 without the pain, without the OTP. So, it makes life simple for our set of 
customers.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Ravi Mehta from Deep Financial Consultants Private 
Limited.  
Ravi Mehta: 
Just extending the previous discussion. The entire UPI stack and the whole host of services that 
you can provide, is it again more of a hook that to keep your customers engaged and hence 
more renewals or it's money-making proposition? Is it accretive to earnings? Some color on 
that.  
Rishi Gupta: 
So, on the B2B side there is obviously a charge which we make to the B2B partner and 
through him we make money. On the UPI on the B2C side there are two propositions. One is 
the P2P and the other is the P2M. P2M is now constitutes nearly 55% to 60% of the overall 
transaction volume on the P2M side while there is no charge currently but there is a meity 
charge which we receive from Ministry of IT. That's a charge which we receive on the P2M 
side. It may not cover the full cost but there is still some recovery which we do. On the 
customer side this is a default option you have to give, it's like providing an internet account to 
a customer or an app to a customer, you have to provide UPI. UPI is a default option now for 
every customer. If you don't have a UPI probably you will not even open an account. So, it is 
from that point of view that the UPI becomes critical to open an account. I will not say that 
because of UPI the balances are higher. I will say we have accounts because we have UPI. 
Ravi Mehta: 
And one thing was mentioned in the annual report that you're working on hollowing the core, 
so that every transaction doesn't hit the core. So, is it more like you're trying to create a wallet 
kind of a structure where you enjoy zero interest? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Very good question. I'm glad that you asked that question because that's one of our substantial 
projects which we are monitoring at my level, and it is something which is very dear to my 
heart also. This is something which is very important. I in fact covered that in my opening 
remarks also. But I'll reiterate, see the world has changed in the last maybe 5 to 7 years where 
the volume of transactions was largely going through all core banking platforms because the 
transaction volume in a bank account of a customer was not that many. Now with all the digital 
play coming in, UPI is becoming one of the mainstays, on an average we are seeing 40 
transactions on UPI platform for our customers on a monthly basis. So, if that volume of 
transactions actually starts hitting my core platform on a daily basis and which will further lead 
to some kind of slowness in the system or some latency would come in and because for every 
transaction there are a lot of engines which have to run in parallel specifically when it comes to 
core banking platform. We are relatively a new bank compared to some of the older banks but 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
this is a challenge which is being faced across all banking ecosystem around the world. For 
bigger banks and old generation banks it becomes more difficult to move them, move some of 
the functionalities outside the core because of the legacy which they carry. In our case 
fortunately for us we had built a lot of things already outside the core in part of our Phase 1. As 
part of our Phase 2 which we are now implementing in a way getting ready for 2030 plus we 
are now moving a lot of functionalities which were still in the core banking platform outside 
the core and making the core very lighter and it can then result in faster turnaround also. So not 
only that we are looking at hollowing the core but we are also in the process of changing our 
core banking partner as such and the work has already started. We are more than 6 months to 9 
months into the process. We are hoping that in the next 15 to 18 months we should be not only 
looking at a new banking partner but also hollowing the core, which means that the entire 
control will come into us. I'll just give you one more example. In March of 2023 we actually 
moved our UPI switch, till that point of time like many other banks, the UPI switch which was 
with a third-party service provider and were at the in a way—not to say but just in a way—at 
the mercy of that third party service provider to give us the right kind of products and manage 
our growth. Post that we have seen in the last 7 months, 8 months of our switch moving away 
from a third party to in our controlled and we have now the switch in our in-house facilities. 
We have developed it as well as we manage it. So, we are seeing a substantial growth, I would 
say more than double growth we have seen in the last 7 months with near zero technical 
declines and very low or limited very little latency or maybe zero latency as such and plus 
products. So going forward technology will play a very important part in any bank because the 
entire ecosystem becoming digitally savvy. Banks who don't invest in technology today will 
face a problem when we get into the future of the country. Because if around 20 crores people 
are using UPI today, 5 years from now you will see 50 crores people using UPI. And that 
volume if it starts coming and hitting your core banking or your existing technology platforms 
you can imagine the amount of blood bath which will be there on the banking systems. So 
good that we have started this about 6 to 9 months back.  
Ravi Mehta: 
So, when we see CAPEX spends of close to 50 crores in first half, it is towards these initiatives 
or something else? 
Rishi Gupta: 
So, this is a mix of multiple initiatives, one is capacity also. Our volumes as you see 50% 
growth in capacity has happened. We have to continuously look at capacity increase, lot of 
investments actually goes into security, cybersecurity and other features also, software. The 
cost itself of technology solutions started to move up and plus also it looks at some part of 
hollowing the core is also included in this. The core banking platform migration and 
everything is still not factored into this. That will come in the future months more as a 
CAPEX. Probably Ketan can talk a bit on that.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Just to answer your question, the question which Ashish asked and you were alluding towards 
the 50 crores CAPEX, that is largely on account of technology and digital. Rishi rightly 
bifurcated it off. We are also increasing our capacity. The growth which we have seen 1.6 
lakhs crores of throughput which is essentially coming and that is also essentially growing. So, 
we are building the technology and digital stack into this. We also in house the UPI switch and 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
just to corroborate since we are talking about the benefits of the HPC besides the agility, the 
UPI switch essentially ended up giving at that point of time 4.5 to 5 crores of bottom-line 
impact coming as well to us. So, we will continue to put up a perspective. In regard to specific 
point of Rishi in terms of the core banking, we started the project and like any other change in 
core banking it is a massive project which will go up to 18 months as well as Rishi said. From 
a business model perspective, I come back to the earlier conversation as well. The business 
model which we envisaged and which we have stated for the 20% growth and 2.25x of the 
profitability of that growth, factors the depreciation coming on account of this in the years to 
come. As we speak this year, this year there might be minimal to no impact coming essentially 
on account of anything on the core banking as and when the project progresses over next three 
four quarters. The depreciation line on account of core banking will also be impacted but it 
will be in line with the model which we made.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Divyansh Gupta from Latent Advisors LLP.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
One question follow-up on the tech expense. Is the tech expense also being incurred for the 
SFB development? Because what I understand is the RBI process is in-principle approval then 
a final approval after which you can go live, there's the CSA audit and other things. So, is the 
tech expense of tech efforts that are being taken right now are also to prepare ourselves for the 
SFB which might be let's say 2 years down the line because the application takes time and 
other stuff, or this is just purely for the payment bank optimization? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes and no. I would say, so while this technology expense or the core banking expense doesn't 
include the platforms for underwriting or loan management system or loan original system that 
will come over and above once we have the in-principle approval from the regulator. But 
having said that still what we are building today will become more and more relevant as we 
move into an SFB because all of the core and the fact that lot of things, we are building is 
outside the core banking platform which gives us the ability tomorrow in line as a SFB. We'll 
be able to build lot of things outside as well. So, whatever we are doing now will definitely 
help us. No doubt it's largely for the payments bank, will definitely help us on the SFB side 
whereas specific platforms on LOS-LMS will come at the subsequent date.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
One data keeping question. I was going through the annual report and in the operating 
expenses there is this other expenditure which is about 75% of the overall expenditure. Can 
you just throw some light? What are these expenses incurred on and what are the biggest 
categories and how much do they contribute to the overall expenses?  
Ketan Merchant: 
Divyansh, RBI prescribes a particular format in which the schedule 16 of the annual accounts 
is to be given operating expenses. Now what happens is for a typical lending institution, the 
key expense essentially becomes an interest expense and NII becomes the key driver. For us if 
you've seen our income as well, the other income constitutes 90% and similarly other expenses 
is nothing. If you see our presentation slide #13, we call it as a product cost. So, product cost is 
nothing the way our business model works, we don't operate through fixed cost, we operate 
through variable cost which is where the merchant and the entire ecosystem comes. In simple 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
terms a distribution cost which we end up giving to our agents who are variablized and linked 
to the sales. We call it as product cost and becomes a part of the major expenses. And that is 
where we again say that around (+70%) of our OPEX base is variable in nature and is 
connected to this. In simple terms product cost and a distribution cost.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
So, our other income is around let's say Rs. 100. Then out of that Rs. 100, Rs. 70 will be the 
OPEX cost or the product cost and that Rs. 70 is more or less captured in that other expenses.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, to be very precise this time as I mentioned in one of my statements. This time I think the 
net margin which we see is around 33%. So, giving by your example 167 and 33 and from 33 
then we come to the OPEX and depreciation and so on and so forth. And that's how we come 
to a number of around 19.5 crores for the quarter. Not applying the traditional bank’s P&L 
format to this but this is a prescribed format by RBI. So, in that annual report it is there, in 
slide #13. We showed it in a simplified form the way I mentioned.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. I understand that RBI format. So then as digital adoption increase, this product cost will 
also come down because you will have lesser incentives to give to the distributor.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, I think it's a good point which you're saying. The product cost depends upon the kind of 
margin which we have set in our statement we essentially said that CASA and CMS and also 
the digital B2B business, if typically, my business or product margin which is 54% in CASA 
and around 40% in CMS and around 40% odd, 48% odd in the new product which we just 
said, the more these products become the pie of revenue, the product cost I mean the net 
revenue will keep on increasing. And obviously one point which is there is our operating 
leverages. I just want to reiterate that operating leverage or maintaining the leaner cost will 
continue to be our USP and we will function on a lean cost to income ratio. And here the cost 
income ratio refer is the operating cost other than product cost to the total revenue.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
And just one last question and it is more futuristic than let's say you become an SFB. Do you 
see CMS being at risk because banks might not be comfortable in another competing banks 
handling their CMS? Because right now you are not competing—like an NBFC or an MFI you 
are not competing—for the same set of customers. But does it become a challenge in the future 
or is just a cash movement service and it doesn't matter?  
Rishi Gupta: 
So, it's a good question. I don't see there going to be a challenge. If I look at the constituents of 
our CMS around 55%-60% comes from the NBFC-MFI portfolio and the rest comes from 
other industries which is your e-commerce, logistics, CRA, so that part will not get impacted at 
all. The other on the NBFC and MFI, largely these are agents who come and deposit money at 
our centers. So, customers coming and depositing money will be a small portion than the 
agents who collect from the customers and give it to us. And if I see most of the banks are 
already providing them the same services. So NBFCs, MFIs are already using other banks also. 
So, for them to use us will not be a challenge. As an SFB we might see more banks coming to 
us from a CMS also as such. But I don't see it to be a challenge at this stage at all, absolutely 
not.  

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Because my understanding was usually the MFI loan officer will go and collect and then he 
will go and deposit in a bank. But now if the agent or a customer --  
Rishi Gupta: 
That is what they do, so rather than depositing in the bank they come and deposit it to the 
merchant. So, bank is only working from 10 in the morning till 2 PM. So only 4 hours they 
have and during that morning hours and everything they are themselves collecting money from 
the merchants, from their customers. So, by the time they collect money it's already afternoon 
and then to go to a bank to deposit it becomes more cumbersome and specifically over the 
weekends also where do they go and deposit. That is where we provide them a very good 
alternative or should I say bank have become an alternative to what Fino is providing as far as 
NBFC-MFI is concerned for depositing cash.  
Divyansh Gupta: 
So, in the last call there were some discussions on CMS and collections and Fino was having a 
view that it's a similar service. But being from the industry and having done that I know that 
when you are managing cash and a customer coming and giving to you versus collections for 
your overdue accounts, is a different process altogether, right?  
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
So have we given a thought of because last time when it was been discussed it was that there 
won't be any additional hiring at the branches for collections. Has there have been a relook at 
this or we are still confident that we won't need to hire more people for overdue collections? 
Normal collection I understand but overdue collections is the question that I have.  
Rishi Gupta: 
So, your point is valid. So, when we look at it from an ecosystem point of view, largely if you 
look at the large institutions or the NBFCs or even the fintech companies they don't have any 
physical presence. We have physical presence across the country. So, there can be multiple 
modes in which these overdue collections can be looked at. One is the merchants themselves 
who has sourced the loan can become an agency to collect overdue collections. Part of his 
collection percentage or efficiency percentage or over and above also from an incentive point 
of view. Secondly, we also have about roughly 2,000 employees over there on the ground. We 
can use that network also to help us collect the money. And also, just to reiterate, as an SFB we 
are going to open up all the geographies at the same point of time. We are also going to phase 
it and open up in geographies where we are much stronger and then we go deeper into that 
geography and parallel geographies. So over and above that I think there are a lot of collection 
agencies also who have come up in the last few years as such. So, we believe we can manage 
the collections pretty well. Having said that when the rubber will hit the road that is only when 
we can see. But definitely your point is very valid, and we'll put that as part of our—it's 
already part of our—strategic thinking. But you have a very valid point.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mayur, an individual investor. 
Mayur: 
Actually, my question was regarding when we onboard merchant, what due diligence we 
perform? And my second question is what is the merchant attrition rate?  

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Ketan Merchant: 
Mayur just take your first question. For us, a merchant is like a customer, so whatever KYC 
norms which we follow typically for a customer and which is mandated by RBI we attempt to 
follow all of those which are there for the merchant. At the end of it our model is such that he 
earns, we earn, and he handles the control function or he's a representative for the bank out 
there. So, in simple terms whatever the KYC norms which are essentially there and maybe 
even more we just go and see his capacity how well he's equipped to service us our eventual 
customers. That's what we essentially try and do that. Whereas there are various checks which 
happen on the field and also happen off the field from the back end as well in terms of 
onboarding a merchant.  
Mayur: 
And my second question was regarding merchant attrition rate. What happens to the 
customers, which are the merchant serving which got off from your platform? 
Ketan Merchant: 
So, it's a very good question and it actually puts a perspective to the entire business model. A 
lot of times in last 3 years I have been asked this question that does a merchant have 
exclusivity with you? I should just reiterate it off that no merchant in this entire business has 
an exclusivity with you. A merchant typically will have 2 to 3 kind of handles which are 
essentially there. Now in such a scenario what difference it makes, just to give you a number 
approximately 50% odd of our merchant base is active and that's what we attempt to leverage. 
Why would merchant be more active on us as compared to other players, is two reasons out 
here is, one is we are a bank. A bank following a model of a BC is something which generates 
a lot more confidence in terms of as compared to the other fintech players which we essentially 
do it off. The biggest incentive why a merchant would be active is the amount of products 
which he can sell to us as compared to other fintech players. For other fintech players he can 
largely do a remittance or a micro-ATM and AEPS. For us, the CASA or the account opening 
is also a mode which he essentially has. Just to reiterate, the 50% sort of active merchants 
which we have and merchants is as good as a customer and more for us.  
Mayur: 
So why I'm asking this question is actually when 40% of customers are digital savvy but the 
rest 60% treat the merchant or the shop of merchant as a branch. So, when this merchant cut 
off from your system so how we handle those customers? How we provide better services to 
them if what they know is the merchant. But if a merchant cuts off from our platform, then 
how we provide services to them if they are not digitally savvy and specifically we don't have 
physical branch presence in those areas? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Good question. Mayur just to again give answer just to put a perspective, the 40% of our own 
customers are active on digital. However, we need to look at the galaxy wherein how do we 
get these customers, our own customers. During the statement I think I just mentioned a point 
that the footfalls we have approximately 2.5 crores odd footfall coming onto our merchant 
points. Mind well these are not our banking customers. These are the customers who come 
essentially for other bank customers and perform all of these transactions. So, when all of these 
transactions comes our merchant who is growing, maybe in the last quarter we had some 
68,000 merchants growing and those guys will attempt to convert an offline or offi us customer 
to our customer and then we will attempt to give this kind of a perspective and this kind of a 

 
Fino Payments Bank 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
service to him. Our merchant will facilitate and we incentivize the merchant to take the 
customer to the digital as well. Here we are not talking about a typical urban customer, we are 
talking about a customer who is non-urban and for him the digitalization journey is in the 
relative nascent stage or we are the ones who are triggering that digitalization journey for him.  
Mayur: 
Another question if I can ask is regarding our CASA and CMS segment is growing very well 
at the rate of 35% to 40% CAGR and rest 50% to 60% of our products portfolio is stagnated in 
growth. So once our CASA and CMS portfolio takes bigger chunk of our revenue, so isn't our 
top line growth will be more than 20%?  
Ketan Merchant: 
Well. I do not want to comment about how the top line growth will go beyond the stated 
objective which we are looking at. One thing which I can definitely say with CASA and CMS 
and this I answered in one of the earlier questions as well, that the CASA and CMS growth 
definitely enhances the margin which I said was 33% in terms of after deducting the product 
cost. So that any high yielding product if it continues will definitely result in a higher 
profitability coming as well. In terms of other aspects where specifically CASA can help us, 
going back to Rishi's point on the SFB vision which he mentioned as well, once you are 
owning the customer a lot more things can be essentially done with the customer as well. So 
that's where our acquisition phase is going through. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time that would be the last question. I would now like to hand 
over the conference to the management for closing comments.  
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you for participating in the conversation today. As I mentioned earlier, the Company is 
actively focusing on the TAM strategy where we are looking at transaction as a hook and then 
building up the acquisition platform. Fino 2.0 which is largely around digital is also 
progressing well. We expect that more products and more B2B lines of businesses will come 
as we move forward into our journey. We have spent quite a bit of time today on the 
technology part explaining, how technology is important and how it is to be built up for the 
future. I think that is something we will continue to strive and be on top of it. Our SFB 
aspiration is very much there and we are building our internal things around that. Our 
application is more or less in the final stages. We should be able to file in the next month or so. 
So those are from our side and we look forward continuing support from all our investors and 
analysts. Thank you very much.  
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you on behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.  
