 
 
Dated: 10th November, 2023 
 
The Manager
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol- SKIPPER 
The Manager
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code- 538562 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call on Unaudited Financial Results for the Quarter ended 
30th September, 2023 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we are forwarding herewith the transcript of the conference call 
with Investors and analysts held on 8th November, 2023 on Unaudited Financial Results of the 
Company for quarter ended 30th September, 2023.  
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Skipper Limited 
 
 
 
Anu Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
9KIPPER 
L4fnited 
SKIPPER LIMITED 
CIN L40104\W81981 PLC033408 
Regd. Office: 3A, Loudon Street, 
1st Floor, Kolkata 700 017 
Phc e 033 2289 5731/32 
Fa. 
0332289 5733 
Email: mail@skipperlimited.com 
Website: www.skipperlimnited.com 
Anu Singh
Digitally signed by Anu 
Singh 
Date: 2023.11.10 
17:11:26 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“ Skipper Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAHUL MISHRA – CENTRUM BROKING 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHARAN BANSAL – DIRECTOR – SKIPPER LIMITED 
MR. DEVESH BANSAL – DIRECTOR – SKIPPER LIMITED 
MR. SHIV SHANKAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SKIPPER LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA DUJARI –GENERAL MANAGER – FINANCE 
& INVESTOR RELATIONS – SKIPPER LIMITED 
@KIPPER 
Lifnited 
@KIPPER 
Lfniterd 
C-NTRUM 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Skipper Limited Q2 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Centrum Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Mishra 
from Centrum Broking Limited. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Rahul Mishra: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Centrum Broking Limited, I welcome you all to the 
Q2 FY2024 conference call of Skipper Limited. The management today is represented by 
Mr. Sharan Bansal, Director, Mr. Devesh Bansal, Director, Mr. Shiv Shankar Gupta, CFO 
and Mr. Aditya Dujari, GM, Finance and IR. I would now hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks post which we can open the floor for Q&A. Over to 
you sir. 
Sharan Bansal: 
Thank you Rahul. Good afternoon to you all and thank you for your continued interest in 
Skipper. Please take note any forward-looking statement made during this call must be 
reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the industry and the company faced. Some of the 
key operational and financial highlights in comparison to previous year quarter were as 
follows: 
 
I am pleased to inform you that the company registered its best ever revenue quarter of 
Rs.772 Crores against Rs.462 Crores in previous year Q2 on back of strong performance 
across all its major business segments achieving growth of 57% over previous year quarter 
period while maintaining healthy operating EBITDA margin of 9.4%. The segmental 
revenue breakup were as follows. Engineering was Rs.595 Crores up by 57% over previous 
year quarter, polymer was Rs.112 Crores up by 58% and infra segment was Rs.64.2 Crores 
up by 490%. The company engineering export sales were at approximately Rs.207 Crores 
and constituted 35% of overall engineering segment revenue. The company achieved its 
best ever Q2 revenue in the polymer business fueled by robust volume growth of 101%. 
Our revenue surged by an impressive 58% compared to previous year's quarter. Years of 
dedicated effort towards building a robust retail network for our polymer business have now 
started showing encouraging results. Skipper fight's brand campaign at India's safest fight 
with brand ambassador M S Dhoni and Chris Gale is paying rich dividend. Higher growth 
witnessed in campaign markets indicating campaign effectiveness. The company intends to 
increase its campaign spread to other geographies as well and open new markets in the 
coming couple of quarters. Our quarterly operating performance excluding the impact of 
forex gain loss was as follows. Operating EBITDA increased to Rs.72.4 Crores and 
operating margin stood at 9.4% for the quarter. The engineering segment operating 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
EBITDA margin for the quarter stood at 11%. Over the years the average proportion of our 
H1 revenues in relation to total revenues is close to 40%. Accordingly with operating 
leverage coming into play, historically our margin profile see an improvement in H2 versus 
H1. Going forward we expect similar trend to continue and deliver further margin 
performance of 12% in this business on back of better-quality contract getting executed and 
rising share of international business. While the EBITDA margin for polymer business will 
continue to get benefited from fixed cost getting rationalized over larger revenue base. The 
management stays focused continues towards bottom line improvement. The consolidated 
PBT increased to Rs.28.6 Crores and PBT margin at 3.7% of sales for the current quarter 
period against Rs.5.5 Crores in the previous year quarter with PBT margin of 1.2%. The 
consolidated PAT increased to Rs.19.8 Crores with PAT margins at 2.6% of sales for the 
current quarter period against Rs.2.99 Crores in previous year quarter. Our half year 
performance highlights were as follows. Revenue of H1 FY2024 increased to Rs.1327 
Crores against Rs.878 Crores in H1 FY2023 registering a growth of 51% with margins at 
9.7%. Engineering business segment achieved revenue of Rs.1012 Crores against Rs.689 
Crores in the previous year first half period registering a stupendous growth of 47%. 
Polymer business achieved its best ever half revenue performance. Revenue increased to 
Rs.240 Crores against Rs.159 Crores up by 51%. Polymer sales volume doubled to 16,700 
tonnes approximately again 8,600 tonnes approximately in previous year H1 period 
registering a growth of 94%. Consolidated PBT increased to Rs.51.8 Crores against Rs.5 
Crores in the previous year period. PBT margins of sales increased to 3.9% of sales again 
0.6% in previous half period. Consolidated PAT increased to Rs.36 Crores against Rs.2.3 
Crores in previous year first half registering a growth of 1436%. The PAT margins to sale 
improved to 2.7% against 0.3% in corresponding period. Finance cost as a percentage of 
sales improved to 4.7% against 5.3% over previous year first half period. On the order front 
I am happy to inform you that the current year quarter was the best ever best ever quarter in 
the company history. During the quarter we secured large size contracts particularly from 
PGCIL for their transmission line works in state of Rajasthan and for several other T&D 
projects both domestic and international including telecom. The total inflow for the quarter 
was in excess of Rs.1529 Crores against Rs.461 Crores previous year registering a year-on-
year growth of 232%. The total H1 inflow was the highest ever for the company. We 
secured new orders in excess of Rs.2,744 Crores during the year against Rs.863 Crores last 
year first half period registering year-on-year growth of 218%. The current order book 
stands at Rs.6,074 Crores which is the highest ever in the company's history and is well 
diversified across sectors and segments. The order book to engineering and infra segment 
sales now stands at 3.9x of FY2023 sales giving us revenue visibility for the next three to 
four years. The domestic T&D environment is showing signs of a strong rebound after two 
years of lukewarm response. The company is committed to leverage and address the vast 
potential of India's transmission sector with its integrated operations. With the government 
accelerated effort towards scaling renewable good infrastructure and improving 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
electrification in urban and rural areas, Skipper is poised to support this growth. Further we 
expect good traction in the international transmission line to continue. The company is 
witnessing a surge in global inquiries and getting benefited from China plus one trend. The 
company will continue to get benefited from pent up demand as global economy opens up 
and global focus and investment in building T&D infrastructure catering to renewable 
continues to grow. Further the company looks forward to tapping emerging opportunities in 
sectors aligned with the government's rising interest. Skipper’s rising diversification into the 
business of telecom, railway electrification, water EPC and grid irrigation have tremendous 
potential aiding to strengthen this revenue stream. The tender pipeline for us to participate 
look deep and the current bidding pipeline also remains strong and at their all-time high 
level of Rs.12,620 Crores with international share at Rs.8,020 Crores and and domestic at 
Rs.4600 Crores. Thank you and I am happy to take your questions now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from 
the line of Deepak Purswani from SVAN Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Good afternoon Sir, congratulation for very good set of numbers. Sir my question relates 
firstly on the execution front? How much was the contribution in the engineering product 
from the BSNL order in this quarter? Secondly on the debt front it has increased to Rs.713 
Crores in this quarter? Looking at the current execution run rate how should we look at the 
debt level at the end of the year and thirdly on the EBIT margin in the engineering product 
our margin on the sequential basis has come down slightly so can you please share the 
thoughts? I mean how should we look at going ahead? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Okay so your first question was about what is the share of BSNL in the current quarter that 
just ended. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Yes? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Okay so BSNL was approximately Rs.125 Crores in the the current quarter that just ended 
and could you repeat your second question also please? 
Deepak Purswani: 
The second question is related to the debt level? In this quarter that has risen to the Rs.716 
Crores how should we look at debt number at the end of this year considering the growth 
phase we are going through especially on the working capital debt level? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Well the debt number has only increased in the short-term debt. In the long-term debt 
number actually has come down for the company. From previous year it was about Rs.290 
Crores and currently it is about Rs.284 Crores so actually the long-term debt number is 
almost slack. The short-term debt has gone up from about Rs.294 Crores to about Rs.428 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Crores but largely that is in line with the revenue growth of the company. The important 
metric for the management to track is the finance cost. Now if you see the finance cost as a 
percentage of sales it has come down and currently we are at approximately 4.5% finance 
cost as a percentage of revenue. This number was higher than 5% last year so I think our 
overall working capital number of days has also come down so although it is difficult to say 
what the debt level will be at the end of the year. It will definitely be higher considering the 
growing revenue but we can definitely target that at annual basis our finance cost as a 
percentage of sales will be lower than last year's level. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay and Sir finally on the margin front I mean on the sequential basis there is a slight dip 
in the margin across the segment? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes we have always guided for approximately 12% margin for our engineering business 
and approximately 10% margin for our infra business so the current order book of the 
company supports that guidance and we definitely hope to deliver that for the full year 
period. For the quarter and for the half year normally what happens is there may be a 
difference in the quality of contract getting executed so that could have an effect on the 
margins on the quarter basis, but for the full year basis definitely we continue and maintain 
our earlier guidance of 12% for engineering segment and approximately 9% to 10% for the 
infra segments. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay and Sir finally on the capex front how much have we incurred in the first half and 
what would be the full year capex for this fiscal year? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so we already incurred approximately Rs.55 Crores capex in the first half of the year 
and by the end of the year we expect to be about in the Rs.80 Crores Rs.90 Crores range. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Okay thank you. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Mishra from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I have a few questions so the first question pertains to like 
you have mentioned in your opening remark that global inquiries are increasing so can you 
just name from which regions are we seeing these inquiries and if possible if you can 
quantify what will be the margins level for these regions and if not overall if you can tell me 
how much margin expansions can we see with the orders or with the new inquiries 
conversion to orders and then execution how much margin expansion can we see from this 
overseas orders? 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so in regard to export market what we can tell you is that company is exporting to 
about 65 plus countries worldwide and our international presence is consistently growing. 
We are seeing demand opportunities in a number of countries. Currently the strongest 
demand is coming in from I would say the Middle East region that is probably the area 
where we are seeing the maximum demand inflow from inflow from countries like Saudi, 
from Iraq, from UAE, Oman, etc., so all these countries are quite active. Even the North 
Africa region so the larger Mena region, Middle East and North Africa region which 
includes countries like Egypt, etc., all of them are having robust demand. Of course our 
traditional markets like Latin America and parts of Africa there also the company is 
enjoying healthy demand so in terms of future projection, see it is estimated that global 
T&D spend will see a massive jump from currently about $250 billion annually to perhaps 
about $500 billion in the next three to four years time so certainly there will be a lot of 
opportunity in the overall transmission network for strong players like Skipper and with 
regards to margins we have always maintained that export margins are 1% or 2% higher 
than domestic margins as our business will come more and more from developed 
geographies countries like Australia, US, and Canada from in some of these places we are 
already doing significant business and we are expecting to see good large orders being 
finalized from these developed countries in the times to come. There we can definitely hope 
for more and more margin expansion at the bottom-line level. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Fine enough. Sir my next question is towards the domestic market so if you can help me 
understand what is the current size of the transmission towers in the domestic market and 
how are we placed as in what is our market share and how do we compete with our 
competitors in this particular space and what is the outlook going ahead given that India or 
the government is for emphasizing more on the renewable energy generation and if this gets 
implemented in real time then we could really see a good amount of opportunities coming 
from these these sectors so just a brief outlook if you can share with us? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so currently our overall order book is about Rs.6,000 Crores as of end of September 
which had roughly 17% to 18% export and rest 83% came from domestic. Now within this 
domestic order book approximately there is an even split between T&D and non-T&D so 
41% coming from T&D and 42% coming from non-T&D so this has seen a sharp rise in the 
last one year where basically there is a lot of pent-up demand in the India transmission 
space. CEA has come out with a paper of expected investment of Rs.2.4 lakh Crores up till 
2030 in the Indian transmission space particularly to cater to 500 gigawatt of renewable 
energy which is coming online so I think this current trend that we have seen in the 
domestic market of robust ordering we expect this to continue over the next few years and 
all large players like Skipper will definitely benefit from this trend. 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Rahul Mishra: 
Sure thanks for replying. Sir my next question is again on the domestic market so like once 
we start getting orders and we tend to start getting rewarded to players and we start booking 
our revenues so how would be the working capital requirement and how are we supposed to 
fund that like will the internal accruals will be sufficient or else we have to resort to some 
kind of funding to because once revenue increases it will definitely have to be supported by 
working capital needs so how are we placed at this point of time? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes I mean see the company has strong cash flows and we have quite comfortable working 
capital limits with our lenders for taking care of any working capital expansion requirement 
of the company even though this year we are looking at significant revenue jump. We are 
seeing no challenge meeting the working capital funding requirements and also we do not 
see any challenge in the upcoming future as well as, the company is guiding for a minimum 
25% CAGR growth over the next three years. Definitely our internal accruals plus the 
working capital support received by our lenders will be sufficient for taking care of any 
requirements that we have. As you might be aware the company is also in the process of 
coming out with the rights issue of approximately Rs.200 Crores value and that right issue 
will further be used for supporting the growing working capital requirements of the 
company. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Yes so just one last question if you can just give a sales breakup between sectors like how 
much we do it from T&D, from Railways and from telecom any round figure if you like to 
like basis? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Normally what we have seen is that the order book of any year that translates into the 
revenue of the next year so maybe perhaps what you can see is that like I mentioned that 
currently the order book is 40, 40 and 20, 40% domestic, T&D 40% domestic non T&D and 
approximately 20% exports so I think that is the split that you can see in execution also in 
the coming times. 
Rahul Mishra: 
All right so if I can just squeeze in one more question so about telecom so we see that the 
upcoming 5G and 6G network will see some increased demand for telecom towers and this 
particular sector is going to be promising in the next few years so if you can just give a brief 
outlook on this like how can we as a company can offer our services to the telecom sectors 
given that we have already received one of the large orders from BSNL to set up telecom 
travels in rural areas so what is outlook for telecom sector? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes I would say that the telecom sector is certainly going to be seeing a good demand. We 
have secured the large order from BSNL. We are also getting large orders from other 
players like Indus Towers and Jio so we expect that ordering trend to continue and as India 
moves into 5G and then subsequently 6G networks, the demand for towers will continue to 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
be there in the telecom space so certainly we will look at telecom as a growing area overall 
for our engineering products. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Sure thanks a lot Sir for answering my questions. I will joint back in the queue if I have 
more questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Aggarwal from Niveshaay 
Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Sir first congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir my question is sir order book stood 
at around Rs.6,000 Crores Sir can you please give the color on the execution timeline like 
within how many quarters we can execute this order book Sir? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so normally the order book is executable over between 15 to 24 months and that will be 
the trend for this order book as then.  
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Thanks. On international front and around Rs.4600 Crores on domestic front so from this 
what can we expect Sir and by what time Sir? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Sorry your voice was not very clear. Could you please repeat again. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Sir a very robust bidding pipeline Sir so by what amount can we expect this bidding to flow 
into the order book and by what time Sir? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Right so the company already has a significant order book and we are adopting a more 
selective approach in further order inflow. We are obviously targeting higher margins 
because we are already sitting at a comfortable order book. The here is sufficient business 
to be taken both on the domestic front and international front so I think now the company 
will use the opportunity of the current large order book to target more higher margin orders 
in the coming years. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Okay right Sir and the third question would be Sir as you can see on the polymer division 
Sir there is a margin dip Sir so what can we expect like around 10% margin as there was in 
year 2014 – 2015 so when can we expect those margins in the polymer division? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so in fact polymer division has not had a margin dip if you consider H1 to H1. Last 
year H1 we were at about 4.4% operating margin and this year we at about 5.8%. As our 
revenue and volume keeps growing in this segment which it already is we have delivered 
about 51% growth in volumes. We expect margins to keep improving every quarter as we 
go ahead towards the double-digit margin eventually so this is something where definitely 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
there is a lot of head room to grow and we are definitely on the path towards that margin 
expansion in this business. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Sir if you can give some color like by what time like within the next quarter or within next 
few years? 
Sharan Bansal: 
It is difficult for me to put a time frame to that but we are definitely on the path to margin 
expansion and hopefully we will get there sooner rather than later. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
All right sure and Sir what would be the current installed capacity in the engineering and 
the polymer segment and the respective capacity utilization for the same thing? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Okay in the engineering space our total capacity is approximately 300,000 tonnes per year 
and looking at the order book and continued robust demand we expect that this year we will 
be ending at about 70% to 75% capacity utilization. In the polymer space our total capacity 
is 62,000 tonnes per year and here also we are looking at approximately 60% capacity 
utilization for the full year this current year. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
Okay and Sir like are we expecting any upcoming future capex plan seeing the robust 
demand on like towers and divisions segment? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes sure so currently the company whatever the capex that we are doing it is towards more 
capacity debottlenecking, driving cost efficiency and increasing of our range because our 
revenue mix is going through a lot of changes. We are catering a lot more to different 
country and different export market so in that we definitely do need to invest in our capacity 
to cater to all the various sizes and the various grades that are required in the international 
market and even in the domestic market because of the non T&D share rising there is a lot 
of capacity debottlenecking and range expansion that we need to do so all that is happening 
and we are currently carrying out the capex for that which is mostly Brownfield and looking 
at the robust demand we may go in for a Greenfield plant expansion but the board is yet to 
take a call on that, that we will be deciding subsequently in the coming quarters. 
Dhruv Aggarwal: 
All right Sir thank you so much Sir. All the best for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Mishra from Centrum Broking 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Sir my question is on the polymers business so how do you see 
the current demand situation fanning out and what is the growth rate that we expecting to 
clock in H2 of this fiscal as well as for FY2024 as well? 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Sharan Bansal: 
In terms of growth we have delivered a 51% growth in the first half of the year in the 
polymer segment and for the second half also we are targeting a similar growth number. 
Could you repeat your first question please. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Yes the question is pertaining to the growth so I have already got it from your side so how 
exactly the company would be looking to grow in the second half of the year and for 
FY2024? I would like to also add in one more question that what are our A&P spends as a 
percentage of sales and do we see this percentage increasing from here on? 
Sharan Bansal: 
You are asking about our advertisement spend. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Yes Sir advertisement and promotion spends? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Right so our ad spend has been to the tune of about Rs.2 Crores to Rs.3 Crores in the past 
and we expect that trend to not vary too much because as the ad spend increases the 
volumes are also increasing so maybe it will remain in the 2% to 3% range. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Yes just last question from my side for the engineering products segments, we understand 
that one of our key competitors globally are Turkish players so how exactly are we 
advantages in terms of either cost or either in terms of supply chain and in terms of quality 
of product that we sell how are we competing with the Turkish players and do we see 
Chinese players trying to penetrate the market through either price undercutting if you can 
just give an outlook on this? 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes sure so I think as Skipper has a lot of inherent cost advantages compared to any 
manufacturer in the world. We are the only truly end to end integrated company with 
backward integration and forward integration for our product so that definitely gives us lot 
of advantages. We are also located in the Eastern part of India where we have advantage for 
raw material sourcing and also we are close to the port so our logistics cost is also very low 
compared to some of the other players. Now how do we compare against Chinese and 
Turkish; I will say that yes definitely in terms of cost we are fairly competitive because of 
sea freight again getting rationalized post COVID now sea freight rate levels are back to pre 
COVID levels so it is very easy for us to supply our products all over the world at low sea 
freight. During COVID years we did have a disadvantage because the sea freight prices 
were so high so they definitely maybe perhaps Turkish players had a more of an advantage 
in supplying to Western continents but now that advantage is no longer. Sea freights are 
largely same whether it is goes from here or whether it goes from there. So in terms of size 
and scale we are definitely up there with the largest Chinese and Turkish players in terms of 
cost economy. Certainly, we are able to compete very well. I think the important thing 
about for us for breaking into newer market are things like registrations, approvals, product 
@KIPPER 
Limited 

 
 
 
Skipper Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
certifications and product type testing, I think those kind of engineering activities, techno 
commercial engineering activities which the company has been doing for the last eight to 10 
years and it has yielded positive results already for us and subsequently it is going to get 
more and more beneficial and more and more it is going to yield better and better markets 
for us in the international space. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Fine enough. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul 
Mishra for his closing comments. 
Rahul Mishra: 
Thanks Lizann. I thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host the call and all 
the participants for attending the call. Sir do you like to make any closing comments. 
Sharan Bansal: 
Yes so thank you everyone. We are confident of delivering profitable revenue growth with a 
consistent margin in the current year and expect to clock revenue growth in excess of 25% 
CAGR for the next three financial years on back of pending engineering contracts and 
strong polymer segment performance. We will continue to focus on improving bottom line 
profitability, stabilize operating cash flows and trim our debt thereby leading to 
improvement of the company's margin profiles and strengthen the balance sheet position 
and capital return ratio. The company efforts towards sustainable business practices will 
help us to achieve its goal by making meaningful contributions to the national and global 
infrastructure. We appreciate your continued support and look forward to interacting with 
you again in the next quarter. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Centrum 
Broking Limited that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
@KIPPER 
Limited 
