Karnataka Bank Ltd.     
                                                                                                                                 Your Family Bank, Across India 
 
                                               Regd. & Head Office 
Phone  : 0824-2228222 
                              P. B. No.599, Mahaveera Circle      
E-Mail 
: comsec@ktkbank.com 
                                                              Kankanady    
Website : www.karnatakabank.com 
                                              Mangaluru – 575 002  
CIN 
: L85110KA1924PLC001128                                                             
SECRETARIAL DEPARTMENT 
09.11.2023 
HO: SEC:243:2023-24 
 
To: 
 The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E),  Mumbai-400051 
Scrip Code: KTKBANK 
The General Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 532652 
 
Madam/Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Q2FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III, Part A, para A, 15(b) and Regulation 
46 (2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we attach herewith the transcript of the analysts/institutional investors concall 
held on November 02, 2023 post declaration of unaudited standalone & consolidated 
financial results of the Bank for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
The same is also made available on the Bank’s website under the following web link: 
https://karnatakabank.com/investor-portal/investor-presentations  
This is for your kind information and dissemination. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
Sham K 
Company Secretary &  
Compliance Officer 
 
Sham 
Kanathila
Digitally signed by 
Sham Kanathila 
Date: 2023.11.09 
19:40:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
Edited Transcript of  
“Karnataka Bank Limited  
Q2 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
MANAGEMENT:MR. SRIKRISHNAN H – MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
 
MR. SEKHAR RAO – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
KARNATAKA BANK LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY 2024 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Karnataka Bank. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then 
zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now handover the conference to Mr. Srikrishnan H, MD and CEO of the  
Karnataka Bank. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Thank you, Rayo, and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome to our Q2 
H1 FY '24 Earnings Call. It has been an excellent quarter from our perspective. 
The following is a quick update. As all of you are aware, first and foremost, 
we have been able to raise capital, although it is not reflected in the September 
30, 2023 quarterly results and half-yearly results, because the allotment 
process, has now been completed and the money has been received. This 
preferential allotment was made to 5 institutional investors. 
So that is a good news overall, although those numbers have not been factored 
into our metrics in the results announced today as well as into our quarterly 
investor presentation that has been uploaded on the website. 
 
So with that as a background, I want to also report to all of you that we have 
had an all-time high FY '24 half-year profit, PAT, INR700.96 crores as 
against INR525.81 crores for the previous corresponding half year in 
September '22. And this is an increase of over 33.31%. As regard to this 
quarter, we have made a profit of  INR330.26 crores, and there is a 
decrease compared to the previous quarter. That is basically due to our 
treasury depreciation. And all of you are aware about a lot of volatility that is 
going on as far as the treasury debt market is concerned. However, our 
positions are insulated, and we want to also ensure that it is completely 
protected as far as the bank is concerned. 
 
On the positive part, gross advances, which is a key metric for the bank has 
grown by 9.27% on an annualized basis. We closed September '23 with INR 
66,935.98 crores. And this is a significant increase from the last quarter 
as well as the corresponding quarter of last year or even the March end-year 
quarter. So this is a very good sign in terms of growth in the advances book. 
And all of our balance sheet growth is in advances led growth. 
 
On the deposit side, we have grown compared to the market, which is growing 
about 10% to 12%, we have grown about 10 % on an annualized basis. Our 
total deposit stands at INR89,532 crores. And this is again on average 
grown closer to 10%. We're also happy to report that the business turnover 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
of the bank is INR1,54,954 crores, and this is a very important milestone for 
the Karnataka Bank. 
 
Our CD ratio has been continuously improving. When we started this 
financial year, we were somewhere in the 69%. And as we closed out 
the September quarter, we have gone up to 73%. That is really a very 
clear reflection of the stretch that we are having as far as advances led 
growth is concerned. As I informed earlier about the capital raise, with the 
capital raise and the consequent liquidity owing to one more churn, which is 
the Tier 2 capital call option, we believe that we are well positioned for further 
growth in gross advances. 
 
Now, as far as the deposit growth is concerned, I think we are well positioned 
in terms of the overall progress made during the quarter, because we have 
converted ourselves into a sales organization. Now, we have a liability sales 
team, which has been deployed all over the country, Karnataka as well as 
outside of Karnataka. 
We have currently 250 sales officers who have been pulled out of the branches 
to be dedicated to sales and 400-odd feet on street who have been recruited 
from our subsidiary company as well as some agencies who are DSA or DSTs. 
So with this, an all-round growth in terms of both CASA as well as retail assets 
is something that we are preparing ourselves for. And this is the kind of 
capacity building that we will cater to when it comes to an increase in volumes 
on both sides. 
 
Now on the health of the portfolio, as far as our stressed assets are concerned, 
there's a net reduction of over 7 basis points on the net NPA. And compared to 
the same time last quarter, it has come down drastically from 1.72% to 
1.36%. On the gross, despite the increase in the gross advances figure, 
the gross NPA has decreased. 
And that is, again, because the slippages have come down and it is about 0.5% 
right now. The good news is about also Provision Coverage Ratio (PCR), 
which is maintained that as of the last quarter i.e., around 83%. But compared 
to last year, September '22 corresponding quarter, we have significantly 
improved that. 
 
Core provisions remain at 62%. And here, again, it is pretty healthy when it is 
compared to the rest of the peer groups in the market. As far as our NII is 
concerned, we have grown our advances book and because of the interest rate 
relief which is happening, growth has not been much internally in the case of 
new advances, which in the range of about 2.45%. 
But on the other side, I think we are well positioned to kind of grow our book, 
given the fact that the focus is more on retail, MSME and rural businesses. I 
will talk about the strategy of the bank in terms of what kind of asset 
acquisitions and how the liability part will also be catered to as I complete the 
rest of the other metrics. 
 
ROE stands at 16.47% for the half year and ROA stands at 1.37%, well within 
the guidance that we have provided already. On the overall cost-to-income 
ratio, I had already mentioned in the last quarterly call that there would be a 
spurt because of certain investments that we are making. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
For the quarter, it would show that we have crossed the 50% mark. But on an 
overall half-yearly basis, we are still at about 49.18%. We believe that as we 
grow our revenue and as we make sure that our income is accruing from these 
investments, in the following couple of quarters, we will bring it back to our 
original guidance of 47% to 50%. 
 
Now cost of funds, the bank has got a very strong retail franchise. Now despite 
the pressure on the interest rates because there are a lot of other market players 
on the deposits, where there is a significant increase which is being provided. 
But having said that, we do have some very, interesting offerings, which is 
bundled with salary, corporate payroll and also the flexible CASA, which is a 
sweep out product, all that put together, we believe that we are on the right 
track. The other 1 big opportunity that the bank is chasing is the government 
business. We are already empanelled for customs duty and GST collections, 
and we have gone live with it. We are in the last stages of going live with 
CBDT for direct and indirect taxpayers. 
 
As far as the Karnataka government collections are concerned, we believe that 
we will become one of the top collection banks in Karnataka and otherwise, 
because our technology integration with Khajane, which is state treasury that 
has also been completed. I mentioned about the cost, which will also have a 
very positive impact in this quarter. Because we have received RBI approval 
for the exercise of the call option of INR400 crores for Tier 2, which is 
available for redemption on November 16, 2023. 
So somewhere in this mid-course of this quarter, we are doing a churn whereby 
because of our comfortable CRAR position and the fact that the cost of this 
Tier 2 bond that we have raised is about 12% and its expenses. We believe that 
the INR400 crores retirement at 12% and augmenting that with further capital, 
which has been Tier 1 and also the strong liability franchise, we will be in a 
better position because we have no pressure on the CRAR part due to this. 
 
There's also a second tranche, which is due for call option in February. And 
this is also a 12%. The quantum of that would be INR320 crores. As you are 
aware, we have approval from the Board for INR1,500 crores capital issue. 
And out of that INR800 crores preferential allotment has been completed. And 
we do have a follow-up round, which will definitely have to be done for 
INR700 crores to make us comfortable on the overall basis so that the next 18 
to 24 months we are on the right trajectory as far as the growth is concerned. 
 
The other 2 parts which are also very relevant for our discussion today is, one, 
the credit cost decreased by about 0.44% in the half year ended September '23 
from 0.67% in the half year ended September '22.And there is also a reduction 
in the standard restructured advances, which at some point of time for a bank 
of our size was higher, but it's come down to INR2,214 crores. It has decreased 
from the June figure of INR2,534 crores. 
 
So I believe that we have done a complete review of our position in the last 
one quarter. And this is the first quarter that I have completed in this bank in 
full, along with our Executive Director, Sekhar Rao, who also joined in 
February. And we believe that the bank is positioned right for growth. 
One that capital for growth is something that we have achieved, and we'll 
continue on that path. The second is that in terms of creating a sales 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
organization within the Karnataka Bank, which otherwise was non-existent. 
We have created a team of over 400 plus the 250 sales officers that I talked 
about. So we have feet on the street plus sales teams of about 650 deployed in 
the market for about a month already now. 
 
So the productivity of this team will start kicking in by the end of this quarter. 
So we believe that we are on the right track in terms of customer acquisition. 
There is also a digital acquisition, which I talked about in the last call but that 
we have accelerated. One is a direct digital acquisition. 
The second is a data-driven analytics based digital acquisition. Now what 
happens here is that self-onboarding and making sure that the customers are 
able to onboard into the bank with video or eKYC is something that has been 
enabled as far as the Karnataka Bank is concerned for most products on the 
loan side. 
 
Likewise, even opening accounts on the liability side has also been enabled. In 
addition to that, we are working on the Analytics Centre of Excellence, which 
has been created in Bangalore, along with the technology and digital hubs that 
we have created. It's a 40,000 square feet of space that we have and almost 300 
plus employees are there right now covering technology, digital and analytics. 
 
In the analytics space, we have created the data lake and the data lake 
essentially provides various cuts of data based on transactional history of 
customers within each branch and giving the data back to the customer base 
for branches to do cross-sell and upsell. Example,  let's say, that there is a 
customer of ours who is paying EMI, but has not availed the loan, we would 
be pushing a loan into them. 
So this is something which is a data and a lead generation mechanism for 
digital as well as for the sales team targeting to acquire such customers. This 
is existing customers of the bank, ETB and the digital part of it will be new to 
bank customers (NTB). 
 
So we are embarking on a digital first journey related to the overall data 
analytics as well as the social media impact that is getting created. On 
partnering with fintech and technology companies, we have already gone live 
with two core lending partners. And we are going live with a couple of more 
partnerships on the digital distribution side. 
We have also launched during the quarter Doorstep Gold Banking, which is 
basically with a company called SahiBandhu. This is, again, fully digital in 
terms of the process and the gold loan will be delivered at the door steps. And 
this is a complete partnership with the BC arrangement with SahiBandhu, 
which is part of Manipal Technologies. 
 
Now as far as the bank is concerned in terms of the target segments, the target 
segments that we had originally been chasing continues to be focused right 
now with about 570 branches in Karnataka and outside of Karnataka more than 
about 330 branches are there. And we want to kind of make sure that this is not 
just a regional story, but also a national story. With this in mind, we have been 
focusing a lot on retail. 
The growth in advances, we have carefully kept it in a way where almost close 
to 50% of our loan book still remains to be in retail. This is something which 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
is very granular, so that we do not have any chunky exposures and we do not 
have any associated risk related to that. 
 
The balance of the growth, we have also deployed over 100 agricultural field 
officers into the market, who have been attached to agri focused or rural-
focused branches. And this is not only to service the agri customers but also to 
acquire new customers based on the supply chain flows of each of those agri 
processing or farmer-based crop and non-crop based loans. 
 
Now here, it is basically through the knowledge that has been acquired by this 
agricultural field officers, who are in a better position to serve the customer. 
And the Karnataka Bank is known for its exemplary and superior customer 
service at branches. We continue to do that for not only the agri, but also for 
the rest of the customer segment that we are having. 
 
MSME is a big area. During the quarter, which is currently running, where we 
will be launching our new corporate website and making sure that there's a lot 
of these partnerships with MSME based portals for engagement as well as for 
life cycle management of couple of the MSME, not just merely lending to 
them, but also looking at what other requirements they are looking for from a 
banking or from an overall digital perspective. 
 
So with this, I want to close out the commentary from the management side. 
Based on this, we have had a good quarter. There is just one clarity that I 
wanted to bring. There are some questions that have been asked from the bank 
that we uploaded the stock exchange notification and now, where the quarter 
ended Q2 FY '23. And Q2, why is there a reduction? There was an abnormal 
one time increase in profit as far as the bank was concerned in the quarter ended 
September '22, where we had one time recovery from a corporate client, 
MMTC in this case, where to the tune of almost like INR156 crores was the 
impact on the P&L. 
 
So if you actually take out that abnormal part, we have grown from that 
corresponding quarter to more than 30%. So that's just the clarity that I wanted 
to bring to the investors upfront before any questions are asked because there 
have been some parts of the investor community, which have already called 
between the time that we uploaded and now. 
And last but not least, we have also uploaded the quarterly investor 
presentation on our website. The link is available readily for you. So those of 
you who are on the call, you will be able to access this and also understand our 
commentary, both in terms of strategy, in terms of the milestones achieved as 
well as the road map for the future. 
 
So with this, Rayo, I would like to close out on the commentary from the 
management side and pass it back to you for any questions that any of the 
participants would like to have. Thank you so much for your time, ladies and 
gentlemen. 
So, Rayo, I just wanted to add that from our side, Sekhar Rao, who is Executive 
Director as well as the management team, the CFO and a few others are part 
of this call right now. And in case of any queries that anyone of them need to 
answer, they'll participate in the call along with me. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Sushil Choksey from Indus Security 
Advisors. 
Sushil Choksey 
Congratulations to team Karnataka with stable number, and you've already 
explained why there was a provision this year, and there was a write-back last 
year with MMTC. And let's come to the fund raise, it was a successful fund 
raiser for that INR800 crores and you're planning the INR700 crores. Any 
visibility whether you will do it now or you will do it a quarter later or you will 
spill over to next year? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Sir, we are very clear that we want to complete it before the financial year end, 
which is March. But, the way that we had exercised and we have gone through 
this whole exercise for the first tranche, it took us almost close to 70 to 90 days 
from the time that we started doing the rounds in June and completed it in 
September. So the same process we need to begin now. So the closure will 
happen hopefully the same time frame or maybe a lesser time frame this time 
because of the experience that the bank has had. 
 
Secondly, we also believe that it is the right time to raise the money because 
one we have proved our credentials and second is that we have consistently 
delivered on the results for 2 quarters in the stretch. And we believe that we 
are rightly poised as we go forward. So this is kind of a tradition that we have 
established, and we believe that the investor interest will lead us to do this as 
early as possible. 
Sushil Choksey: 
See you've articulated a lot of initiatives since Sekhar started his journey in 
Karnataka Bank and yourself from June 9, so February and June. Now both of 
you have spent almost over -- almost 5 months together. In the road map, which 
you have showcased over television or in the con call last time and even today, 
if I have to ask you what part of journey, have you been -- what percentage of 
journey would be considered as initiated and over, and what part would be left, 
percentage-wise? I'm just asking. I'm not asking a broader question. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Sure. There are 3 parts to our journey. One is building, operational and 
technology capacity. And that part, I would say that we are almost like 50% 
through because we know what to build for and what to build on top of what 
we have already. And for which we are waiting for certain capital to be raised, 
so that the growth capital that we have would be coming in handy. So I would 
say that we are about 50%, and we would be able to build on top of all the 
digital integration as well as the products that will directly acquire clients. 
That's step number one. 
 
Step number 2 was that the branches were not sales oriented, and we have 
created a sales organization of over 600 people as I reported earlier. And this 
is something which includes training that we have invested them into. We have 
completed that and unleashed them into the market. 
Now for them to perform, it will take another about 50 to 60 days to start 
contributing in a big way. So we believe that, again the first round of our 
deployment has already happened, and that would be again 50% of the 
deployment that we want, because over the next 2 quarters, which is the 
balance of this quarter and the next quarter, that's like by March, we believe 
that our target is to have about 1,000 feet on street on the ground. So that is the 
second part of the execution. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
The third part is the strategic part, which is in terms of what lines of business 
we focus on, where we get the right kind of margins, and where do we make 
sure that we stay competitive. In this connection, how do we make sure that 
our product, process, people, and technology blend to deliver value to 
customers. 
Here, we have recruited a Chief Product Officer for the bank. He is coming in, 
in less than a month's time right now. This is the first lateral hiring, which will 
be followed by at least 2, or 3 that we've already mentioned during our various 
investor calls. 
 
So by the end of this financial year, including the lead times that they take, I 
think all the lateral leadership positions will be filled up, which would enable 
the bank to be more aggressive and more market benchmarks as well as the 
products are concerned. As far as the processes are concerned, there are at least 
3 or 4 agencies who are working with us. 
One is doing a process review for the entire credit policy, credit scoring, credit 
exposure management and also the branch to approval and back and forth. Now 
this is exactly to minimize how much of it can be digitized, how much of it can 
be turned around faster in order to get that. So this is one such example of a 
process improvisation and efficiency improvisation that we're working on. 
 
Likewise, there is a lot of centralization projects, which we have taken up. We 
are centralizing trade processing. We are centralizing forex processing. We are 
centralizing clearing. We're removing a lot of the bandwidth from the branches 
to make them all sales oriented branches and creating the back offices in 
Mangalore. 
And where we have a lot of space and the people. And we believe that with the 
use of our subsidiary company i.e., KSL. We would be able to kind of make 
sure that deployment of staff for data entry or for front-end sales is something 
that we'll be able to do it through the deployment from the subsidiary company. 
 
So this chart will be a definition, Sushil, as to what are the various measures 
and in terms of percentage completion. 
Sushil Choksey: 
If I have to sum up your answer, you have raised equity. You are enabling full 
technology stack for deployment for growth and human resource churning or 
training should be over by the current quarter. So the Q4 should start showing 
some benefits and fruits where Karnataka's growth as per what you have 
planned should be visible? Am I to sum it up, right? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
I think you have summarized it perfectly. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Now all these enablers, you may launch multiple products, whether it's 
housing, education, or MSME. Do you see which area you would grow from 
the current branches or centralized process, whatever you do? Or are you going 
to change mix because currently, I think Karnataka is almost 40% of our 
business, and there's pan India. Do you see any particular part from growth 
engine, which you would like to move towards? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
The strength of the bank in terms of underwriting capabilities as well as our 
exposure management, etc, remains in retail, rural and MSME. And those 3 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
will continue. And we have actually got agri and also as part of the overall 
retail part, the reason being the size of the loans as defined by RBI. 
So agri focused geographies would also include the agri. Now given this you 
are right about the fact that 40% of our business comes from Karnataka, but 
the fact is that we have less than 30% of our branches outside of Karnataka. So 
this is something that we believe will contribute and will kick in. 
 
We would definitely want to see that there is a very fine kind of a distribution 
across all locations. We have just opened during the quarter one corporate 
finance branch, this is the third corporate finance branch in Chennai and that 
is in addition to the ones that already are there in Mumbai and Delhi. 
So all this is a reflection of our focus in terms of whether it is emerging 
corporate, mid-sized corporates or even some large corporates that we'll be 
looking at, including the products that are associated alongside. So that kind of 
gives you a sense of the focus areas and how we will be able to grow. 
Sushil Choksey: 
My last question is around, how do you see your tax on most, whether it's 
corporate or retail products in quarters to come by, 20% more efficient, 30% 
more efficient? And second thing on government business between Karnataka 
and the central government. How much do you see that as a contributing 
partner for the business? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So the idea is that we are actually implementing some technologies which are 
on the document workflow as well as making sure that all of this is directly 
related to efficiency measures. So we believe that there will be very quickly 
20% to 30% jump in terms of the tax improvements and so on. 
The other is from Karnataka and non-Karnataka government collection, all of 
the 3 agency bank licenses that we have, which is for GST, custom duty as well 
as for CBDT that is being certified right now are all India basis. They have got 
nothing to do with Karnataka. 
 
Rest of it, whatever that we are doing integration with the treasury department 
and also working with a lot of government departments in Karnataka that is 
going to be Karnataka based. But sooner than later, once we have the 
experience in Karnataka, we will replicate the success in other states where we 
are. 
Sushil Choksey: 
Sorry, I should have asked 1 last question that is, you are retiring 2 bond 
tranches in November and February. Would you replace with a cheaper bond 
or you will utilize your current profit plus equity. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Depending on the interest rate forecast at that point of time and also the fact 
that we will get re rate that soon for this quarterly results. We believe that if 
there is an opportunity to replace it with a cheaper Tier 2 bonds that is 
something the bank will consider. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, the first question is on the other income, which seems to have not grown 
this quarter. So there is a Q-o-Q fall as well as even Y-o-Y. So can you explain 
that, sir? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So essentially what has happened is that from an overall product coverage 
perspective, the bank has not invested a lot into the product. So I must be 
upfront about this in terms of what we have done. The second is that the fee 
income for the first quarter has a locker rental, which is also pretty high. And 
as an overall percentage of the first quarter and the second quarter because of 
the fact that the second quarter did not have a locker rental, you would see a 
little flat, although there is growth in some of the areas such as foreign 
exchange and so on. 
 
Last but not the least is on the treasury side, where if, let's say, that there are 
some kinds of reversals that have happened due to the depreciation, etc. That 
part also comes in on the overall non-interest and other income category. So 
that kind of gives you an explanation. But yes, we will make sure that the 
growth is all round and is reflected in the following few quarters. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. And sir, this quarter, we have done a good sort of growth incomes 
of our advances. So what I mean but the impact is not visible on the NII line. 
Is it because of a change in the mix? Or you can throw some color on why it is 
not sort of leading us to improve our top line much faster? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Yes, you're right about the growth in advances from almost like INR59,872 
crores to INR65,422 crores, so that's a significant jump, which has happened. 
But it is also that we have not repriced our assets. Our overall assets return 
number is 9.9% of our total reserve which is not bad at all from the overall 
market perspective. 
I think there are 2 elements which have impacted this from an impact which is 
like, let's say, not being visible as you rightly said. One is that our cost of 
deposits where we do have some pressure, but we believe that the deposit rates 
went high would get kind of flat out as we go forward. 
 
And second is that as we are focusing a lot on the advances side, which is more 
on the retail, agri and MSME, we believe that we will get the right kind of rates 
as we go forward for growth in the book. We believe that the growth in the 
book will be the same rate as we go into the following -- this quarter and the 
following quarter, which means that the growth part from where we were 
INR59,872 crores, we could close anywhere between INR72,000 crores or so 
in terms of the gross advances exit March '24. 
 
So if we are able to maintain the growth and NII to a large extent, then the NIM 
also get managed, and we have managed the NIM so far. So 3.63% is our NIM 
right now. And our guidance has been 3.63% to 3.7%. So I think if we can 
maintain that, then in the book, which is grown and the churn that we are doing 
on Tier 2 and the fact that we have the Tier 1 capital followed up with the 
second round hopefully, I think the bank will be in a much better shape 
compared to what it was in the overall competition. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. So basically, you are still guiding for our loan book growth of 
around 20 odd percent for the full year, right? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prabal from AMBIT. 
Prabal: 
Sir, you mentioned about having sales culture in the banks, which was a 
missing piece earlier. So how have you changed your incentive structure of 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
branches and employees versus what used to be the practice earlier to drive this 
vision? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So what we have done is that we are rolling out a variable pay plan for the 
entire set of sales teams. This includes both the in-house sales offices as well 
as for the feet on street. And this is based on certain weightages that are given 
for different products that they acquire. And over a period of time, which is 
basically on a monthly basis and whatever retention that we need to do, because 
we also do not want any gaming to happen here where they bring the accounts 
and then we pay the commission and within 6 months, the customer closes and 
goes away. This game we are used to.  
 
So we have all those control measures in place. And this variable pay plan is 
something that we will be rolling out to all the staff. We are just waiting for 
sales teams to be deployed and the training to be completed. So this quarter, 
we will be able to roll out that variable plan. If that gives you a sense of the 
fact that the sales team will work on a variable incentive based acquisition 
rather than just a fixed salary, which is not so exciting. So that is a way that we 
will approach this. 
Prabal: 
And this would be over and above the IBA salary that they used to get. So even 
IT employees can if they do more sales, they can get incentive? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Yes, it will be over and above, and this will be performance-based. 
Prabal: 
Okay. Sir, the second question would be the lateral leadership hiring that you 
are doing for the bank. So are these on a CTC basis or these are on the IBA 
model? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
All the new leadership hires who are coming in are all on the CTC basis. And 
obviously, there are different scales within the bank, which you are aware. So 
all the executives who are there in the bank, in scale 4 and above are not part 
of the IBA mandate or the union mandates so-called. So this is something that 
we are very clear. We will make sure that there is a lot of equalization that 
happens between all the lateral hires and the existing executives of the bank. 
So that no disparity is being continued. 
Prabal: 
And these people will be based out of Karnataka, Bangalore, head office or 
they will be depending on the verticals that they are serving? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
The head office of the bank continues to be in Mangalore and all the operating 
departments, which are essentially including support plus credit risk 
monitoring, etc, all of that happens and the centralized processing that I talked 
about earlier, also will be based out of Mangalore. And in Bangalore, 
technology, digital, as well as some of the leadership lateral hires would be 
based out of Bangalore for better business reasons. And we believe that the 
model will work whereby the business leaders as well as the technology 
product teams will be based out of Bangalore and everyone else between the 
branches and Mangalore. 
Prabal: 
Are there any tweaks on the asset repricing that you have undertaken because 
maybe making it more dynamic over a period of time because now we are 
going digital, so our asset repricing could also see an improvement? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan H.: 
We are already on EBLR plus margins. And this is something for various 
products which have already been defined. And also what happens is that this 
repricing, because EBLR based on market actually happens automatically. So 
we are probably one of those banks, who have done this on an ongoing basis 
in terms of the reset on the asset pricing. 
 
As far as deposit pricing is concerned, it is purely an ALCO decision and purely 
based on accretion on the deposit side. We are not buying out deposits at a high 
cost at this juncture. We believe that the total overall cost of deposits which we 
have already seen is very much controllable. It is 5.25%. 
And also the CASA mix, as you are aware, we are still in the 32 plus, or closer 
to 33 kind of percent of the overall deposit base. So which means that we are 
sitting pretty, we just to continue the same story rather than try anything 
maverick. 
Prabal: 
All right. And sir, I just have one request. So two quarters back, the 
presentation that you used to upload, used to have a lot of data points across 
various sections, whether on business or whether it's on asset quality. I would 
just request that we can restore those data points because it does give us more 
clarity on how the trends are performing across various sections. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
We heard you. In the last two quarters, the last quarter and this quarter, we 
have changed the investor presentation format to reflect more of the strategy 
milestone as well as to make sure that the growth part of the bank is reflected 
more. But noted down your point related to the fact that some data points you 
wanted. We'll be able to incorporate that from the next quarter. I'll note it down. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Darshan Deora from Indvest Group. 
Darshan Deora: 
So I just wanted to understand that what are the changes we are making on the 
underwriting side given that the bank has in the past been plagued with bad 
asset quality? So what are the deficiencies that given your past experience at 
HDFC Bank, you're observing at Karnataka Bank, what changes are we 
making to improve upon that? And in the future, whenever the cycle turns, we 
are better positioned. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
I want to just correct your statement a little bit in saying that we have had some 
problems on the quality of the assets. I do not think so, because it has been 
pretty healthy, I should say, in the past. But then there are there's always scope 
for improvement. 
The second part is that, yes, as we kind of embark into new avenues for growth, 
which are particularly related to digital as well as client acquisition on the 
consumer side. So far, the bank has 95% of the loan book has been collateral-
based. So that will be a move that will happen as we go forward, which will be 
cash flow-based and a little bit of unsecured that will happen on the retail side. 
 
Of course, taking into account a lot of credit scoring mechanisms, etc., which 
is what we are trying to put in place. So we believe that the bank is 
appropriately place for taking the risk related to growth and asset book on 
various new asset classes, which otherwise the bank has not gone into in the 
past. And if that kind of gives you the sense. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Last, as I mentioned in the question to first caller that we are undertaking a 
huge process review exercise on the credit part, not only for credit TATs but 
also related to credit scoring mechanisms, also emanating from the co-lending 
and the digital kind of acquisition that we are doing. 
 
So we believe that a combination of the credit scoring revenues for existing 
physical branch-led underwriting as well as for the digital underwriting would 
be put in place as we go forward in terms of the book loan. 
Darshan Deora: 
Okay. And just as a follow-up to that and pardon my ignorance. Is most of the 
underwriting happening today at the branch? Or has it moved to a more of a 
centralized location especially for... 
Srikrishnan H.: 
There's a structure that we have, where we have 5 regional credit processing 
centers, which will go up to 8. And we also empowered 38 clusters across the 
900-plus odd branches, where they're empowered. So it is not just the branch 
level. So above the branch, there is a cluster level, above the cluster, there is 
regional processing center depending on the nature of the loan as well as the 
quantum. And then there is also for large corporate relationships or midsized 
corporate relationships at a head office level, which is a credit sanction 
centralized group. 
 
So it's in multiple forms in terms of the authority metrics and delegation 
metrics. Just to clarify, no underwriting happens at the branch. So it is at central 
locations, either at the regional offices up to a certain value, 14 regional offices 
are there or at the regional credit hubs, which are at 5 locations. So it's a hub 
and spoke model. Credit proposals are sent by the branches. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Chintan Shah from ICICI Securities. 
Chintan Shah: 
So firstly, I would just like to understand in terms margins trajectory. So like 
we are just trend this down for this quarter and the cost of deposits has been I 
think I would say, benign as compared to the competitors what they have been 
reporting. But this also seems to be on the back of lower deposit growth. 
I think we have guided for roughly one trillion of deposits by FY '24. So are 
we on track to achieve that? And if yes, then how would the margin behave 
from here on for the remaining second half? And also, sir, on the deposit 
repricing, so are we done with the deposit repricing or we are yet to see some 
more pressure on the existing deposits? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So as far as the deposit acquisition is concerned, I'm making sure that all of 
whatever that we are growing is within a particular affordable annualized rate. 
Now that is something which we are consciously looking at. And actually 
speaking, 75% of our FDs have already got repriced. And it's only the balance, 
25%, which hopefully, this quarter itself, we have a larger quantum that will 
come in, one. Secondly, as far as maintaining that healthy NIM, the part related 
to pricing of assets is something that I had already told to the earlier caller. 
 
And I believe that in terms of, let's say, overall deposit acquisition and the rate, 
I'm making sure that the NIM is maintained. Sekhar has some point related to 
that. Sekhar, please. 
Sekhar Rao: 
So just a couple of points. One is we haven't seen CASA migration to the extent 
that other banks have seen from CASA to TD. That's an important point that 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
you will recognize. Second point is, if you see that we have, in fact, seeing 2 
cycles of term deposit rates being brought down. 
So, 90% of the term deposit book is less than INR 2 crores. So we have a large 
retail deposit in CASA franchise. We have held on to it. We haven't lately 
priced it. We have introduced a lot of interesting products in this space. The 
bundled salary proposition the sweeping account, the also pipeline for the 
government business. 
 
So this will help us over the coming quarters to kind of grow our deposit book. 
And we are watching how the pricing is panning out closely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Yogesh Bhatia from Sequent Investment. 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
First of all, congratulations on the new initiatives and stable set of earnings. I 
just wanted to understand the other income, you said is lower for two reasons. 
One is the treasury impact and the second is lower fees that, they are much 
higher in Q1. Can you just quantify this, how much is the treasury impact? 
Sekhar Rao: 
So I'll take this. So first is we collect all our locker rental in quarter one. so that 
was a significantly large around INR 41.31 crores of locker rentals. So that was 
collected in quarter one. And the treasury income difference is around to the 
extent between both quarters of INR59 crores. This includes depreciation 
changes. 
And I mean depreciation on investment between the two quarters, that 
difference and the trading profit. So the impact there is around INR59 crores. 
So we made INR 61 crores in the quarter -- INR60 crores in the quarter one 
and around INR1 crores in Q2, which means the difference is INR59 crores. 
 
So these two are the large contributing factors. So if you nullify I mean, negate 
this then our other income actually will show a good trajectory. 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
Correct. Correct. Yes. Okay. I think that is the reason why that has led to a 
lower profitability. But if you adjust for that, then I think the numbers are very 
healthy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kirtan Desai, who is an individual 
investor. 
Kirtan Desai: 
My first question is, sir, earlier, we used to provide the provisional figures after 
the quarter ending, which we have stopped now. Can you just let us know the 
reason for the same? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Sir, this is actually a market practice, some do, some don't do. We were wanting 
to kind of not get into provisional number and also in order to make sure that 
there's no speculation on this. So this is exactly the reason that we do not want 
to do it. But from now, the predictability as far as our results are concerned, 
are something that we will guarantee you, because as we go forward, like any 
larger organization or bank, we will continue to do this directly on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. 
Kirtan Desai: 
Sir, my second question is now we have diluted our equity and raised the equity 
and bank is well capitalized now. So we always diluted equity by 15%. So are 
we able to grow our advances by more than 15% from now onwards, because 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
last quarter advances grew by only 6% and half-yearly, it has grown by only 
9%? So in my view, if we are not able to raise our advances like 15%, 20%, 
then the shareholders will only benefit while this raise in equity? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So on a YTD basis annualized, we are growing at 18%. So if that is an 
indication on how we will go forward. I have already given the guidance that 
we will continue to grow at the same rate as far as advances book is concerned. 
And yes, we are pretty much cognizant of the fact that Tier 1 raise has an 
impact overall from a retail shareholder perspective, but it is all for long-term 
growth. 
You need to understand that as a bank, we need to raise continuously and make 
sure that we can service as well as make sure that we get some cap table 
institutional investors, who also are very important from our overall bank 
perspective. And that is a complete change to the bank that we have brought 
about in the last 100, 120 days. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Yaswanth Thippeswamy, who is an individual 
investor. 
Yaswanth Thippeswamy:So good to see that the low-hanging fruits have been addressed. So like 
raising the capital to retire definitely at 12%. So that's a good sign. And first 
question that I have is with respect to the large corporate exposure from the 
advances. So we have seen there is an increase on that front. However, that has 
not resulted much in terms of CASA ratio. So you have or any ideas behind 
raising the large corporate advances? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
No, large corporate advances, really speaking, we have not grown as much as 
what you are saying. The reason being that overall, our composition of the 
book still remains even at this enhanced advance number of INR65,422 crores 
is at 49%, which is still retail. So I do not think that we have grown that 
substantially in any large corporate exposure. That is one. 
 
Secondly, your question related to CASA ratio and large corporate advances, 
these are two independent things. And our CASA ratio is essentially a 
percentage of the overall deposits, which are lying in the form of current and 
savings accounts. And we have always maintained it in range of 32% to 33%  
and which we believe is a very healthy number as we go forward. And which 
in an enhanced basis as we grow our liability book also. If we continue to be 
at the same, I think it is a very good sign from an overall profitability 
perspective. 
Yaswanth Thippeswamy: 
Okay. And the second question that I have is with respect to the sales 
team that you were talking about. So is that the sales team is very towards 
MSME or corporate or retail, which would be the area that the sales team is 
going to focus? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So it is definitely not corporate. So it is predominantly retail and agri. MSME 
also forms a portion of that, not much, because MSME sales is to be done more 
from a banking perspective, understanding the business and which can be done 
better by our own relationship and account management teams. So our 
branches are well equipped to handle the MSMEs part and lead generation on 
MSMEs is something that the sales teams will do as well as the promotional 
activities that we are undertaking across all the branches by participating in 
MSME related industries, trade associations and so on will continue. 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
 
So predominantly, the deployment of our sales teams has been in the areas of 
retail liabilities and retail assets. 
Yaswanth Thippeswamy: 
And the last question from my side with respect to the employee 
expense. So I see that there is an increase of round about INR440 crores.  There 
is a provision also which has been made. So is this going to be continuing first 
to cover for the next two quarters? Or are we done with provisions? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Sir, this provision primarily is for the IBA revision to bipartite settlements, 
which they announced in November last year. And ever since that time, we 
have been actually providing quarter on quarter, although it has not come in 
into effect. So in order not to kind of have any major impact on our P&L as we 
go forward, if we have not provided for that. So as a very clear prudent 
measure, we've been providing for this quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Now as and when the IBA mandates come -- go live. This will move from 
provision into actual wages bill, the actual salary bill that we will incur. So 
essentially, this is going to stay and this is cost of running the business. 
Sekhar Rao: 
Just one correction, you got the numbers of provision right -- wrong. In fact, 
our quarterly total expenses on salaries is INR269.45 crores for the last quarter. 
So this INR440 crores provision on the wages is incorrect. It is a much lower 
number.  
Srikrishnan H.: 
So the salary bill for the quarter is INR269.45 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ketan Athawale from RoboCapital. 
Ketan Athawale: 
I wanted to know what will be the credit cost going ahead? And what will be a 
sustainable level of other income going ahead? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So credit costs from an overall projection, I think that will be hovering the 
same region of 0.5%. So that is not going to change much. And we believe that 
even on the ANN growth basis, it will not change. That was your first question. 
Sorry, what was the second question?  
Other income plan. See, what we have done is that as a bank, if you look at the 
opportunity in the market, every account where we lend money, we need to 
also have some product income associated with that. This could be anything 
which is related to cash flows or foreign exchange or non-funded commission 
for a couple of exposures, etc. 
 
So all of this is basically what we call in our banking parlance as a cross-sell 
opportunity for corporates or SMEs also. Now that part of the bank has not 
been activated fully. And we believe that we will introduce the right kind of 
products and also the right kind of sales mechanisms to promote this. So with 
foreign exchange centralization, which is a project that we've undertaken now. 
And with all of whatever that we are looking at for the overall product push, 
we believe that the fee income would go up. 
 
Just a small correction, 1 second hold on. 
Sekhar Rao: 
On the credit cost, it will be more like in the range of 0.25%, last quarter was 
around 0.17%. So that will be... 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Apologies on that, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nirvana Laha, who's an individual investor. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Yes. So in your opening remarks, you mentioned about a couple of co-lending 
partnerships. So I wanted to explore that a little bit. So what areas of loans are 
you considering under these partnerships? What kind of vision that you have 
for co-lending in terms of AUM that you want to target? And who are the 
partners you're working with? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So firstly, I'll answer the question on the vision. Clearly, we have stated in our 
last quarter strategy, I mean, investor presentation that one of the vectors for 
growth will be through partnerships. In this regard, we have consolidated our 
tech, and digital resources in Bangalore. We created a tech and digital hub. We 
are creating our API hub, which will be public facing and we'll launch it soon. 
So partnership, growth through partnership is an important vector. And we'll 
continue to invest in the same. However, it is a little premature to quantify the 
same. 
 
The ones that we have gone to are the product categories that we are focusing 
on Agri, including dairy and micro SME. And we are also looking at apart from 
co-lending certain interesting opportunities in areas like credit on ECI. These 
are the 3 focus areas currently for us. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. And who are the partners you've gone with, is this a tenant and what 
kind of disbursals are you at least starting to think of, if you can tell us about 
that? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So the partners that we have gone live with are just to name a couple is 
SahiBandhu, and then Northern Arc, PaisaLo, but these are early days, and we 
have just about 15 days, a week or so in some of these relationships. So we 
wouldn't want to kind of give any number of projections as of now. But on the 
heavy lifting with respect to tech integration has happened. And so now 
reaping the benefits of the platform is the next phase. 
Nirvana Laha: 
So 1 thing I wanted to understand is what kind of ROA, I'm sure you must have 
done your homework. So what kind of ROAs is the bank hoping to earn 
through co-lending? Is it going to be at par with the ROA on the book lending? 
Because what I understand is under co-lending a bank would actually take the 
loan on board at a lower interest rate and if the customer came directly to the 
bank. So in terms of ROA, how does it work out for the bank overall? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So in terms of pricing, it is very important that you don't operate differential 
pricing to the customers irrespective of whether they walks into the branch or 
through the co-lending partners. So we at least have gone with a uniform 
pricing policy and which is competitive, more competitive as against these gold 
loan NBFCs. And since there is relatively less infrastructure carry, we will 
have similar ROA and there won't be any negative impact on ROAs in this 
space. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. But aren't like operating costs is going to be lower for you because the 
origination is supposed to be done by the MSME partners towards that extent 
or operating costs are supposed to be lower, right? So if your lending rates are 
the same, shouldn't you... 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Sekhar Rao: 
I commented on the specifically on gold loans. On micro SMEs, there will be 
a different strategy. The pricing will be the product category itself will be 
unique. And the pricing will be different because the loss ratios could be a little 
different in those product categories. These are largely unsecured. So different 
strategies for micro SME product distributed to the branch and the micro SME 
product distributed through a partner are two different products for different 
product segments. And the entire, what we call, customer proposition will also 
vary accordingly. 
 
So the way we are approaching it could be quite different. In the gold loans, 
where the same customer would walk into your branch essentially because 
what happens is gold loan partnership with SahiBandhu will be in geographies 
where our branches are present. While in the MSME, it will be in geographies 
where we do not have branches. So in gold loan hence, you cannot have 
competing strategies. You will have to have complementing strategies. While 
as in MSME, you can have two different strategies for different markets. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. So thanks for explaining that. Coming to your presentation, there's 1 
slide that says targeted performance improvement to boost returns. So various 
metrics are spelt out there. I can see that for the last 3 quarters, we have almost 
been hitting all those metrics. For example, NIM of 3.63% to 3.68%, ROA of 
1.37% to 1.47%. Cost of fundings upper end being, 5.1%. Cost-to-income ratio 
of  51.29%. So therefore, is this still the ambition or from a 2-3 year point of 
view is the ROA ambition, for example, going to go up? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So ROA ambition will be the same, 1.2% to 1.4% that would be the guidance 
or the range, I should say. And the reason that why we reiterate about the 4 or 
5 very key metrics as far as the bank is concerned is because when we are 
growing, we should lose sight of the basics. And this is actually the basic for 
banking. 
And which is why we kind of reiterate that every investor presentation and 
every internal meeting that we have with our executives to make sure that we 
do not slip away from each of those on the pricing related to new business or 
even some of the existing business in terms of the chart. So this is 
fundamentally the way that we conduct business here. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. Got it. And one last question on the Corporate Banking segment and the 
segmental results. I think in your opening remarks, you said that there was a 
onetime provision or head, which was a Y-o-Y comparison. But if I look at 
your segmental corporate banking profit Q-o-Q also, there's a 40% drop from 
about INR150 crores to about INR90 crores. So what's does that pertain to? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So I just want to clarify that what I was qualifying was that there was a write-
back, which was for a recovery of one of the large corporate loans in the same 
corresponding quarter last year. So if you look at the last year same 
corresponding quarter now, obviously because of this 1 abnormal positive 
impact the bank has, we would actually see that there's a reduction where there 
was an increase of 30% from the last quarter's growth. So that is the clarity. So 
I just thought that I would tell you exactly what the position was. 
 
Now that was almost to the tune of INR155 crores, INR156 crores.  

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Nirvana Laha: 
Yes. So if I look at Q-o-Q in the June quarter, your corporate banking profit 
segmental results was INR155 crores, which has now dropped to INR 94 
crores. So this big hit has happened due to what reason? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So treasury profits, like I explained, are quantified under -- so that is -- that 
could be one, but we will note this question down and write back to you on the 
specifics. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Yes, because I think treasury is called out separately, that has dropped by 
around INR60 crores. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
We will just look at where your specifics are from and we'll come back to you. 
Nirvana Laha: 
It is from basically your results where you declare the segmental results there 
if I look at corporate banking. So against INR155 crores of profit last year -- 
last quarter, it has dropped to INR93.5 crores. So that was my question. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Okay. We'll get back to you on this specific. 
Nirvana Laha: 
Okay. Should I write to you on Investor Relations or... 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Yes, you can write to us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ram, who is an individual investor. 
Ram: 
Sir, you just explained regarding the CASA ratio, but last 3, 4 years, it is 
remaining stagnant around 32%. Will there be any initiative to improve this 
to 35% or 40%? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
The CASA ratio at 32% for a bank, which is growing, and whether the total 
deposit size of INR 60,000 crores become INR80,000 crores or now it has 
become INR 89,531.73  crores. That means that the ratio has been 
maintained, which is actually quite healthy. So that is one.  
Secondly, there are a couple of initiatives that we have taken on the 
government collection which you are very pretty aware that GST enablement 
of transactions and very soon enabling CBDT transactions as well. 
 
So now what happens here is that this will increase to the float, and it will 
substantially improve as we go forward. And we believe that this is the right 
kind of approach for a bank like us. 
Ram: 
Okay. So one more question. In the advances, about 48.9% is of retail advance. 
Is it fully secured? And what is the proportion of the secured and unsecured, 
can you please enlighten on that, sir? 
Srikrishnan H.: 
On the retail advances almost, as I said, 95% are secured whether this is 
housing or asset-based financing like vehicles and so on. The unsecured 
portion that we have is actually very, very insignificant. 
Ram: 
 One final question. As to the geographical thing, the top 5 states you've given, 
Karnataka has 577 branches and followed by Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, 
Andhra Pradesh, Telangana. Is there any efforts in the coming period future to 
is it a pan India this one? And what is this one, your plan for that? 

 
Karnataka Bank Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Srikrishnan H.: 
Plan for what, sir? 
Ram: 
Plan for growth all over India in the next 2, 3 years. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So just to give you a sense while 570-plus branches are in Karnataka, between 
the neighbouring states, Maharashtra, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, and Tamil 
Nadu, we have in each 1 of them over 50 branches. Then followed by other 
locations. So we are present already in Gujarat. We present in Madhya Pradesh. 
We are present in Delhi NCR, Punjab, we are present in East. We are present 
in Odisha, so that way we have a national presence already. And we are 
actually 22 states and 2 Union Territories. That is the background to our 
distribution. 
Moderator: 
We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference 
back to Mr. Srikrishnan H for closing comments. 
Srikrishnan H.: 
So I would like to thank the investor community for reposing confidence as far 
as the bank is concerned, the institutional investors as well as the retail 
investors who have always been standing by our side. 
And based on the last couple of months, that I've been here, we've been doing 
the around meeting up with all kinds of investor types in various locations. So 
we believe that we are a very strong story with credentials, which are 
unparalleled, because this is the 100th year of the institution, and we are 
celebrating our centenary. 
 
Out of the 99 years that we have been existing, all the 99 years we have been 
profitable. And almost like 96 out of 99 years, we have paid dividends to 
investors also. Other than some years when the regulator did not allow us to do 
so. So this is the track record. And here is an aspiring institution, which wants 
to do a transformation in terms of change. We want to become a national story 
from being a regional story and also develop a lot on technology and digital 
banking. So this is the way in terms of growth as far as the bank is concerned. 
I want to only thank you. 
 
This is going to be a very, very focused attempt from the new management 
team as well as the existing management team, who have been wonderful in 
terms of their contribution and cooperation to this transition and transformation 
journey. And we believe that we will be a real force as we go forward. 
On that note, thank you all, and wish you all the very best for the festive season 
ahead. And the festival season that has already commenced from our last about 
almost 15, 20 days since Navratri. Good luck to you all to your family and 
many thanks again for all your support. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Karnataka Bank, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. Ladies and gentlemen, you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
