 
  
 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
+91 22 4356 8000 I (F) +91 22 4356 8110/ 8111 
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com 
  
Correspondence & Registered Office: 
One World Centre, Tower 1, 17th Floor, 
Jupiter Mills, Senapati Bapat Marg, 
Elphinstone Road, Mumbai – 400 013 
CIN: L65991MH1994PLC080811 
 
Ref. No.: ABSLAMCL/PS/102/2023-24 
 
 
 
 
                 November 1, 2023 
 
BSE Limited                                                                            National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
 
 
       
     Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Dalal Street Mumbai-400 001  
 
       
 
     Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Scrip Code: 543374  
 
 
 
       
     Bandra Kurla Complex 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
     Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
                                                                                   
 
                                                 Symbol: ABSLAMC 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results  
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023, held on Friday, 
October 27, 2023. The above information is also available on the website of Company at 
https://mutualfund.adityabirlacapital.com/shareholders/financials. 
 
We request you to kindly take the aforesaid information on record and disseminate the same on your 
website. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours Sincerely,  
 
For Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
 
 
 
 
Hemanti Wadhwa 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS No. 6477 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
HEMANTI 
GOBINDRA
M WADHWA
Digitally signed by 
HEMANTI 
GOBINDRAM 
WADHWA 
Date: 2023.11.01 
20:24:01 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
  
 
“Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
 
 
Management: Mr. A Balasubramanian – Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Office  
 
 
 
Mr. Parag Joglekar – Chief Financial Officer  
 
 
 
Mr. Prakash Bhogale – Head, Investor Relations  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Aditya Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company Limited, hosted by InCred Equities. As a 
reminder, all participants lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jignesh Shial from InCred Equities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Jignesh Shial: 
Thank you, Michelle, and good evening, everyone. On behalf of InCred Equities, I welcome 
all to Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC 2Q FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
We have along with us Mr. A. Balasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Parag 
Joglekar, Chief Financial Officer; and Mr. Prakash Bhogale, Head - Investor Relations. We 
are thankful to the management for allowing us this opportunity. 
 
I would now like to hand it over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian, Managing Director and CEO of 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC, for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, and good evening to everyone, also for the introduction for this call. I hope you all 
had the opportunity to go through the earnings presentation, which is available on the stock 
exchanges and our website. 
 
Let me quickly give you the broad economic outlook and the mutual fund industry update 
before I give an update on our performance for the Q2 FY24. Broad economy, the growth story 
for the country remains intact and resilient despite global macro uncertainties. The latest 
quarterly GDP release at 7.8% was robust and broad based and economic conditions remain 
favourable with various high-frequency macro indicators, including capex gaining ground and 
strong GST collection and PMI numbers and better capacity utilization and credit activity, all 
of them leading to a reasonably good positive outlook. 
 
And, what led to more credence to the strong growth outlook is that it is unfolding while 
maintaining macro stability parameters and strong global headwinds. The Indian markets have 
experienced a widespread recovery, which was demonstrated by the NIFTY 50 recently 
achieving a significant milestone, and the inclusion of India in the JPMorgan Emerging Market 
Bond Index has further elevated India's global perception and signifies substantial progress for 
the economy on bond flows as well interest rate and rupee gaining strength. 
 
The festive season has started in full swing, and on a cheerful note, which is poised to drive 
higher consumption in India and uphold the strong positive sentiment in the market. The 
domestic economy is structurally strong with sound fundamentals and is expected to withstand 
the recent geopolitical volatility as well as the market volatility assessed recently. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
With respect to the mutual fund industry, as of 30th September 2023, the Indian mutual fund 
industry quarterly average AUM grew by 20% on a year-on-year basis, reaching ₹ 46.98 lakh 
crores versus ₹ 39 lakh crores as on 30th September 2022. 
 
During the quarter, the industry witnessed net equity sales of about ₹ 90,000 crores through 
new fund offering and through existing funds. And within the existing equity and hybrid 
categories, arbitrage, small cap, sectoral, thematic funds, multi asset allocation funds, multi-
cap, and mid-cap funds, are the highest to get net inflows. The mutual fund industry also 
witnessed good inflows coming from NFO collections to the extent of about ₹ 22,000 crores. 
 
The industry SIP flows grew by about 24% year-on-year from ₹12,976 crores in September 
2022 to ₹ 16,042 crores in September 2023. The total number of mutual fund investors also 
stood about ₹15.9 crores investors with an increase of 14% on a year-on-year basis. The 
individual average AUM grew by 24% on a year-on-year basis and contributed to 59% of the 
total AUM. And B-30 cities accounted for an average of about 17.5% of the total industry 
AUM. 
 
Coming to the ABSL AMC performance. In Q2 FY'24, our overall average assets under 
management, including alternate assets, reached around ₹ 3,24,000 crores, growing by 10% 
year-on-year compared to last year. The mutual fund quarterly average AUM has  
crossed ₹ 3 lakh crores, and equity quarterly average assets under management crossed ₹ 1.3 
lakh crores size. 
 
SIP flows have increased from ₹ 931 crores last year to ₹ 968 crores in September 2023 with 
an overall folio count of around 80 lakh folios. In our overall mix between individual and 
institutional customers, individual investors account for about 52% of our total assets. 
 
In the recent months, our business has been proactively pursuing many strategic initiatives in 
order to drive, one, the future growth; and second, the broad market share loss that we have 
seen, in order to arrest that, there are certain steps that have been taken. In fact, the steps that 
have been taken have also been yielding positive results, which I would like to highlight as 
follows.  
On the investment side, most of our equity funds have not only beaten the benchmark in their 
respective category on a 1-year basis, but also the peer average with the higher margins 
compared to the last few quarters, which gives me confidence that our equity fund 
performance, which was bit lagging behind are coming back, with changes that we have made. 
 
We also strengthened our team by bringing in Co-CIO Equity, very recently and who has come 
on board, and will drive the broader investment processes as well as work along with the team 
to take the AMC to the next level. 
And furthermore, we’ve also given growth to our internal talent who have been part of the 
system for a good number of years and handled large responsibilities, now take on a greater 
responsibility in the fund management side, while they continue to serve as senior analysts for 
a few large sectors, which are key to the overall economic growth. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
Under the guidance of our CIO Mr. Mahesh Patil, these changes have brought in new vigour, 
confidence, new energy, and poised to infuse momentum into our efforts to expand our equity 
assets further. 
On the fixed income side, the team led by Kaustubh and Sunaina, have always remain 
committed to lead the fixed income at pace with robust performance and also create a strong 
presence in the fixed income market. 
With the global bond yields reaching their highest levels, in over a decade in developed 
markets, US bond yields are about approx. 5%, which offer for an attractive entry point for 
investors looking to invest in US dollar assets. And to seize this opportunity for investors, we 
have, as I speak, launched a fund-of-fund investing in US Treasury ETF, providing a powerful 
tool for diversification and investment. Additionally, on the domestic front, addition of global 
bond index by JP Morgan also provides an opportunity to investors to consider fixed income 
as an asset class for them to invest. We identified certain products in this space given the view 
that interest rates remain higher for longer. Therefore, we continue to keep a high focus on 
building the fixed income space and identify new opportunities to build our retail participation 
in the fixed income product offering.  
Our strategic efforts across various channels to enhance our market presence have delivered 
favourable outcomes in this quarter. In fact, we have started a campaign called “Focused Fund 
offer”, basically combining the existing funds, which has got a greater acceptance in the 
market, at the same time, those products also have got for long-term performance to back it up 
and has yielded positive results and gained good traction in the marketplace. As a result, we 
have seen an upswing, in those fund, “Focused Fund” what I call it, in key numbers on various 
parameters, especially gross sales we have seen good improvement, which is again a reflection 
of the focus that is bringing in on building our retail that is something which should yield 
results.  
At the same time, the sales ecosystem is created to support the entire retail initiatives such as 
the virtual relationship manager, Sampark and service to sales RM’s and digital distribution 
has also been yielding results as the time progress. 
Coming to alternate and passive business, our passive business offerings grew by about 68% 
on a year-on-year basis to around ₹ 28,400 crores as of September 2023. We have also been 
growing our customer base to about 5.4 lakh folios. Our current product offering in this 
category runs almost about 40 products as it stands today. 
On the AIF front, fundraising is underway for ABSL India Special Opportunities Fund 
(Category III AIF), which has recently launched on the lines of success that we had launched 
in the AIF product with service-oriented funds. On the back of that, we have product in pipeline 
to launch in this area as well. 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
After setting up of GIFT City, as we all know that we are the first one to take initiatives in the 
mutual fund industry to create our presence in GIFT City. In fact, we have launched the 
industry-first ABSL Global Emerging Equity Fund. This strategically feeds into emerging 
market equity fund of global boutique investors, enabling our investors to access and benefit 
from emerging market opportunities. We have closed first tranche of this fund and garnered 
close to about $11.2 million assets in this fund. Of course, now it’s open for subscription for 
the getting incremental money. 
Our upcoming product pipeline include ABSL Structured Opportunity Fund in the Category II 
AIF, as well as Index-Linked Fund in the Category III AIF. That’s something the product 
pipeline we have created in order to build the alternate business, want to get more customer 
base as well as improve the overall profitability coming from that alternate business as well, 
including PMS.  
Moving on quickly to financial number for the quarter.  
Our revenue from operations for Q2 FY '24 was at ₹ 3,350 million versus ₹ 3,111 million up 
by 8% on a year-on-year basis. Operating profit for Q2 FY'24 was at ₹ 1,811 million  
versus ₹ 1,728 million in Q2 FY '23, up by about 5% on a year-on-year basis. 
With this, I'd like to conclude and open the floor for any questions and observations that you 
may have on our current strategy as well as future strategy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the 
first question from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, good evening Sir. Firstly, two data keeping questions. If you can give the SIP AUM number 
for Q2 and Q1 and also the overall employee base for Q2 and Q1? 
Second, if you can just give some color on what is the current payout in the market and your 
net yields in equities on the blended versus the incremental yields that you're getting on fresh 
business? If you can give some color on that. 
And lastly, you mentioned some points on strategies that you've adopted to kind of stabilize 
the SIP market share. So, if you can give some color on incremental trends in October and 
November and what are the strategies, if you can outline some of them? Those are my 
questions. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
I'll just ask the first question to be answered by Prakash. And on the margin front, I'll request 
Parag to answer. The last question I'll answer. 
Prakash Bhogale: 
Dipanjan, the SIP AUM for the Q2 FY '24, which is September is ₹ 60,814 crores. For the last 
quarter, it was ₹ 57,543 crores. The number of employees in September is 1,437 which was 
1,449 in last quarter. 
Parag Joglekar: 
Dipanjan, the yield on equity remained more or less similar in the range of around 70 basis. 
And the yield on new flows will be in the range of around 55 - 60 basis. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
If I heard it correctly its 55 to 60 bps on fresh, right? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. So, we generally share around 65% to 60% of the total TER. So, depending on the scheme, 
it comes generally, it will be in the range of 55 to 60 basis. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it.  
A. Balasubramanian: 
With respect to, Dipanjan, on the SIP strategy, one, in order to support SIP strategy, we did 
launch a series of the SIP product such as Sampoorna SIP that we just launched, as well as few 
other feature that we created. In fact, the entire retail team is, one, focusing on building size in 
that. That's why we have also seen in our overall SIP incremental basis, there is an 
improvement in terms of ticket size as again coming from the Sampoorna SIP that have started 
to grow. It's just a small number is coming in, that's something we have done. 
Second is having seen improvement in performance, we're also, of course, working closely in 
terms of the schemes that one can get upgraded from external rating point of view, we have 
already seen one of our large cap funds have moved up in star rankings, which essentially 
reflects on improvement in performance, which also, of course, get featured in various 
platform, uses this data point for pushing the product. 
And second, we're also engaging with the online platform, which, of course, have been quite 
aggressive in terms of building SIP book recently. We have been having engagement with 
them and see the improved performance of the equity schemes, where all you can fit in on 
various categories, done some analysis and basis which we're also engaging with them, which 
I think gives me confidence that, yes, we'll see some improvement coming in that space. 
And third, of course is given a fact that the markets have been quite volatile recently, I think 
SIP is something which we continue to believe that the best way to participate is SIP, therefore, 
increase the engagement level with all our partners, especially MFD partners who have been 
also contributing quite well as well as some of the national distributor partners more than the 
banks that have been contributing quite nicely on the SIP book. 
These two engagements that we have done in the recent past. I think all the three of these 
activities that I just mentioned about should help in actually improving the overall, one, the 
registration, therefore, the gross number improves; as well as the net number that currently are  
about ₹ 970 crores, then targeting the number should cross ₹ 1,000 crores kind of a number to 
start with and then move up in the rank. So that is way we are doing it. 
Of course, we also launched one NFO as I speak, I just added today, which is Transport and 
Logistic Fund. And normally, what happens is NFO, one not only give the incremental AUM, 
it also gives a new customer base. It also helps in getting new SIPs and that's something should 
help. Even the US bond deals that have started, of course, it's in the mutual fund platform. It 
does not have any restriction in terms of what the minimum ticket size and we can participate. 
We're also seeing some really good participation coming in the fund also from retail side. 
So all these initiatives makes me feel that I think we will see the combined efforts should see 
that improvement coming on the SIP space. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Bala, sir, if I can just squeeze in one small question. You know if I just look at the industry 
and where incremental SIPs are coming from and if I look at your market share losses, can you 
give some color on what would be your counter shares across all the major channels like you 
mentioned that you're working closely with a digital partner? 
So, if you can give some color on what the mix would be internally or where you're probably 
seeing some pressure or where your kind of probably higher than your blended market share? 
If you can give some color on that from a channel perspective. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Just on a broader basis, there are five channels. One, of course, IFAs, second is the bank, and 
third is the NDs, and fourth is the digital, and fifth is the direct. In terms of the channel-wise 
contribution, the significant contribution on an incremental basis is coming from the digital 
platform. That's something we are seeing. Of course various strategies that we apply and 
discovered and basis which we can engage with them, give them some kind of input in terms 
of where our product can feature basis which we can actually get some incremental market 
share. That's something we have already been working on, which includes Groww, Paytm, 
PhonePe, Kuvera and so on and so forth. 
The other channel, direct as a channel, on an incremental basis also is contributing. In fact, we 
set up a separate team of people, of course, comprising about 30 people to drive our direct. In 
fact, we have seen contribution from this team on a quarter-on-quarter basis is showing good 
results. And also, we have set a target for each of the branch locations to also keep a high focus 
on direct as a business building as part of our customer expansion strategy. That's something 
is contributing to the industry. And even for us, is something we are keeping our focus. 
Third, of course, is the IFA channels continues to remain active. But of course, incremental 
growth from all the traditional channels is not as high as what we are seeing on the digital 
platform and direct platform. So that is something, one, we can maintain our strategy on the 
traditional channel. These are the two channels also we are revisiting how we can get higher 
market share in this space, for which we have taken some steps, as you just mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Good evening, Sir. So just firstly, on your product launch pipeline. So, what are the products 
that can be envisaged in the, say, next couple of quarters? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
One, of course, we already started, the fund we have launched one currently. The two funds, 
which are currently open. One is the US Bond Yield Fund, which is one to three-year and three  
to ten-year duration. We were the first one to launch this product and to provide an opportunity 
for Indian investors to participate in the best of the story in the world. And reasons are of 
course, know largely the yields are high and the other benefit that could come in terms of any 
potential appreciation that come next year is that something we have done. 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
And this product is going to be open-ended product, though, which is new fund we have 
launched now. And after the closure, it will be open for subscription. And as you know that 
total limit that's available for this product for the whole industry is about $800 million. And 
we have limit about $200 million in this space. And hopefully, we should be able to utilise this 
space quite extensively. 
The second is the Transport and Logistics Fund. We already been having a roadshow across 
the country. And we were the third or fourth one to launch this product in the space. Again, we 
see purely on the basis of India story. This product has got longer-term shelf life therefore we 
launched this product, which again started today, is likely to close on 10th of November. 
And third, of course, we have AIF product pipeline we have created given the fact that we had 
good success on the first AIF launch that we have done, currently close to about ₹ 900 crores. 
We have created two pipelines, the Phase 1 Structured Opportunity Fund in Category II as well 
as Index Linked Fund for Category III funds. And these two we are doing. 
And fourth, of course, – subject to, of course, getting clearance from SEBI, We have plan 
Quant fund with Head of equity coming in with Mr. Harish Krishnan coming on board. We 
also plan to have a quant-based fund, which again will be driven by the Co-CIO of Equity 
supported by the quant manager whom we also recruited and likely to be onboarded soon. 
These are the immediate product pipeline that we have. And as we see opportunity in thematic 
category, we'll continue to keep that as a focus. As you know, that given the fact that we  
are 30-year-old fund and the various attribution of things have been given, we'll have a limited 
scope for a new fund offering, but still within that we'll operate in terms of looking for 
opportunities and launch some funds. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Thanks. On the yield front, the yield improvement in this quarter is primarily because of the 
mix, and right, there's nothing else to it? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Anything on the debt side where the mix has changed, that has acted favourably? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes, there is a slight uptick in the debt side also due to mix and generally opportunity to have 
a a little higher income. So there is slight uptick on debt side also and the other reason is the 
mix change towards the equity. 
Prayesh Jain: 
What would be the debt yield in the quarter? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Debt yield will be around 24 to 25 bps. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
25 basis points. 
Parag Joglekar: 
Yes. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And on the SIP front, in the last couple of quarters, monthly run rate has been declining 
rather than industry which has been hitting new highs. Would you ascribe that to only 
performance? Or what else is playing out there? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
One is mix, I would say, Prayesh. I think I'll just give you some color of the past. I think we 
have been pioneered in building SIP for very long in the Indian mutual fund industry, even 
much ahead of most of the key competitors. And building SIP is a way of building our business. 
Therefore, we had a huge subscription coming almost about five years back and that would 
have help for about five to seven years. And very ahead of time. So that's one. Therefore, the 
incremental AUM from each one of them would, of course, gone to some other people as well. 
And second, of course, we did go through on year, one and half years of equity performance 
lagging behind competition. They've been last one and half years that also led to significant 
contribution coming from some of the online platform, which I mentioned about it. 
I'm only happy to say that they gave us a quick briefing on how the steps that we have taken 
in terms of building back the performance. Which I'm happy to say that we are seeing a 
significant improvement, which ultimately should lead to improvement on the overall 
participation from all channel partners. 
Which again, I'm saying it in terms of acknowledgment, first one, that industry, the participants 
should acknowledge. Yes, the performance is on track or back on track. And secondly, of 
course, willingness to give always is there. 
And these two things going well, I think we should see that coming back. As I said, the online 
platform always goes by certain Quant models that's why you would have probably seen the 
rate of growth for other than top 10 is much higher than the first 10. It's also coming from the 
fact that SIP registration also comes to the NFOs offering also contributes to overall success.  
It's not just coming only in existing funds. It also comes in the new fund offering. It's a 
combination of these three. So, net-net I think our renewed focus, we are bringing on these 
areas, I think, should help us in building back the momentum for that. 
Prayesh Jain: 
What would be the trend in NFO commissions in the industry, whether you know because 
we've seen in the first half there was some relief. And although AMCs had been talking about 
some cognizance about commissions, is it inching back again or how is the trend? 
Parag Joglekar: 
Generally, it will be slightly higher than the normal sharing, which we do in the normal sales 
of our existing funds. NFO, generally, you estimate some amount and generally accordingly 
pay the brokerages. And depending on the collection, which you do, the amount differs. But it 
will be slightly higher just for because it's a new fund offer. So, we need to create that traction. 
It's slightly higher than the existing one. 
 
 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. One advantage we get for NFOs is your expense, of course, starts at the higher slab. And 
as size become bigger, it goes down. To the extent that the payout will always is favourable to 
the distribution community, no doubt. But still, at the end of the day, the broad principle that 
we have, it is to make the product more profitable in whichever way is possible. At the same 
time, remain remunerative for the distribution channel and yet doesn't become too costly for 
the investors. 
These are the three-combination put together. That's remains from a strategy point of view. 
And anyways, we operate within the overall TER guideline under which all of us are supposed 
to operate there. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Lalit Deo from Equirus Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, just a small question like. Sir, last 
quarter, we have highlighted that we have selected a pool of schemes where we have seen 
improvement in our performance. And then flow market share has been improving. So, could 
you tell us like what is your strategy over there? Like have we added any more schemes over 
there. And what is our gross flow market share in the last three months to four months over in 
those schemes, particularly? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes, Lalit. What we did is, one, the basket of products, which we want to build size at the same 
time acceptance in the market was very high, up on the longer-term performance in the style 
of managing these funds and relevance of this product that we have seen an improvement such 
as the large cap fund and flexi-cap fund as well as small-cap fund. 
Even at small-cap fund we have seen inflows into the small-cap fund, though the flows will 
not have been as big as some of the other key competitors would have seen. But at least on an 
incremental basis, we have seen inflows. And that's also being reflected in the form of overall 
gross volume on these schemes improving, which again reflection of how the focused strategy 
also is working. 
And even moving forward as well, we'll keep identifying the product that have got one, 
acceptance and at the same time, from a relevance point of view remains. And third, of course, 
we can also build the volume. That's something strategically applying it. And that should lead 
to both improving the gross sales contributions as well as net sales contribution. 
Lalit Deo: 
Yes. Just to follow up on this, so within these schemes like currently, qualitatively what would 
be our gross flow market share in the last three months to four months. Like if any 
quantification could be helpful? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. generally, we do not disclose this number. That is not specifically given out anywhere. 
But I can only say that what we have seen in the previous quarter from there, we have seen an 
improvement of about 3% to 4% on an average, out of these three schemes. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Lalit Deo: 
Sure, sir. And secondly, on the expenses side. So, during the quarter, we have seen that on a 
sequential basis it has remained in the same range. So, like, what is the outlook on the expenses 
for like FY'24 for the remaining two quarters and in FY '25 like? 
Parag Joglekar: 
So, Lalit, the expenses have gone up slightly on the people side. This is mainly due to the 
increments, which had happened in the month of this quarter that has resulted slight increase 
in that. And the other expenses have gone up on the fees and commission, which was towards 
the AIF commission, which we had paid, which is getting amortized over the period. So, this 
is the main changes. On people side, it should remain in the similar range or if there are any 
hiring which we do, then slightly it may go up. But otherwise, should be in the similar range. 
Lalit Deo: 
Fine, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Abhijeet Sakhare from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. Just one question in terms of the steps that has been taken. Any other 
major gaps that need to be filled in either on the talent side or on the distribution side? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
One of the areas, we of course keep looking at improving the contribution, one of course on 
the retail side, we had seen some talent attritions as it always happened across any industry. 
Therefore, that one part remains a high focussed area. Second is beefing up the team, especially 
on the credit opportunities that we are seeing. We have of course one-member team. We are 
looking at building the team so that we can offer more product in the fixed income space, 
especially to invest in credit-related opportunities. That's something we are beefing up. 
And third is our offshore contribution has remained somewhat flat for quite some time. Once 
again, given the fact that India has been the forefront in getting inflows from overseas, again, 
we're revisiting our strategy in terms of what are the incremental steps that we can take both 
on the people as well as on getting assets from some of the mandates that we already have. We 
have similar mandates whether we can win from others, some institutional investors that are 
based and how the GIFT City can help us in building the space, that's something we are 
working on it. 
And these are the key steps that we are taking. And the skill, of course, is our ongoing thing 
there is no specific one that we do, the talent identifying and bringing some external talent 
wherever there's a need. And then both, of course, go hand in hand. And that's something which 
is one of ongoing stuff for our business and nothing specific to give on that. 
And on the investment side, of course, the last time also have mentioned that we'll further 
strengthen and what we have done already giving the internal existing talent, highly skilled 
internal existing talent, and bring in external talent and both the combinations we have already 
done as far as the mutual fund investments is concerned. 
Abhijeet Sakhare: 
All right, sir. That's helpful. Thanks a lot. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. First question, sir, is slightly on a macro thing. In the past, 
we've been talking about financialization of household savings, and some of the recent data is 
suggesting that there is a reversal in that trend. And next financial savings have seen a bit in 
terms of within the household. And so, in that light, how do you see although we understand 
that the flows have been pretty strong for equity segment over the last three four months. But 
going ahead with this trend that we are seeing and the interest rate on FDs has been high, do 
you see any risk for the inflows into the equity segment? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Yes. interesting, Devesh, while the view, of course, keeps getting formed linking to the market, 
one thing that seems to have got established for the industry, even for us, the SIP way of 
investing is gaining more and more strength. 
If I just look at it, at the broader basis, so add up the numbers contribution coming from SIP, 
the number coming from NFOs and then a number coming from existing schemes, 
increasingly, the contribution coming from SIP has been going up. And the lump sum 
investments have not been growing as much as, which normally grows, which again reflects 
the one on the view of the market. At the same time, conviction point of equity from longer 
term point of view that's coming to the SIP. That I see is a trend emerging. 
Second is, we still have a lot of untapped investor base. But over certain time we have only 4 
crores, unique in customer base. And we as a fund have about 52 lakh customer bases. And 
these numbers can easily double in the next few years given the fact that interest rates have 
been quite high, but not as high as somebody to divert the money from equities to fixed income, 
FDs and other things. Therefore, the wealth creation aspiration still remains. 
Therefore, I believe equity will continue to be attractive from investor's point of view. But of 
course, if there is a correction in the market, any sharp correction generally I have seen 
historically, it's put the break on the flows and SIP generally gets slowed down, which you 
have seen historically. 
We have seen after many crises, after every crisis in the past. I would assume this time I'm not 
rolling out a more trend like this. But only thing in this trend could be a little better than the 
previous trend we have seen. Therefore, I don't see a significant dip in terms of growth. But 
one area where we see the household savings could potentially come into the mutual fund space 
despite the tax benefit not being there, which is the fixed income space. 
The carry-in fixed income schemes have been pretty good, ranging from 7.5% to over 8% kind 
of carry. And we also have a view that interest rates will remain higher for longer. We are 
setting up a focus in terms of  the current market conditions, if fixed income could also be one 
good suitable opportunity for investors. That's something we are pushing in.  
Therefore, we'll probably see increased participation coming both in the fixed income space as 
well as the hybrid space like multi-asset allocation fund if something is invested in all the four 
asset classes. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
Again, people would like to use is the hedge for any equity market volatility. That is what 
something I see is overall momentum. And lastly, today, if you look at around ₹ 47 lakh crores, 
a significant proportion of assets coming from equity. And any normal basis, it could be 50-
50. It could be towards equity and debt or maybe in some conditions, it could be 45-55 towards 
equity and the debt, assuming that kind of asset allocation model get set in. But naturally, other 
asset classes will grow a little faster if the momentum in the equity market get altered by any 
unknown reasons. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. Sir, you did mention that given the increased contributions coming from SIP 
close, the overall stickiness is kind of increasing of the net flows into the equity segments. I 
just wanted to understand, based on the kind of investors that we have, generally, or is the 
tenure for these SIPs that gets come down and if tomorrow, this is again a hypothetical 
question, if markets would fall, say, by 10%-15%, do you think that the stickiness will be there 
or there could be some churn in terms of these investors not reopening the SIP. And to that 
extent, the SIP flows can also be addressed? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Sure. See, I think one of the areas where I think people like us who have been building SIP for 
quite some time with the longer-term goal in mind definitely those assets will be sticky that  
historically we have seen. But you must also have to accept the fact that all the incremental 
large subscriptions coming in through the online platform, it will be largely a good mix of 
millennials and first-time job kind of people who get employed. 
 
These are the people generally opt them to move away from the market. The experience is that 
it doesn't meet up with their own expectations of making quick money and so on and so forth. 
And these are some of the trends, I think, will always evolve. My belief is these investors also 
learn lessons from this kind of behaviour in the market, and therefore, they become a long-
term investor when they come back to the market once again for the second time. So that is the 
historically I have seen. And this trend, I don't think we should also rule out from SIP getting 
cancelled. That normally happens. But as long as the macro acceptance and the registration 
number keep rising, even with the cancellations, I don't think we should worry about it because 
those guys, again, I have seen them coming back in the market. Maybe they'll come after a 
delay, but of course, I see them coming back to the market also after some time. But millennial 
is probably what you said is right. Millennials would always test the water for some time, and 
they may tend to cancel it and then restart once again. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Sir, any number that you can share of this ₹ 15,000 crore flows that we see monthly, how much 
would be coming from this online channels or millennial? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
As that I mentioned, I think, for the quarter approximate number was about 37% - 38% were 
coming from online platform, basically, the digital platform, roughly about 39%. Of the various 
channel concepts there I mentioned about, the traditional channel and then digital channels and 
direct channels. The digital channel has suddenly become the larger contributor, again I see 
that is coming from these millennials, youngsters coming on board, ₹ 1,500 - ₹ 2,000 kind of 
ticket size. And they generally tend to buy and sell kind of behaviour will always be there. 
That is what I see currently. Of course, one good thing is the way I see is positively new 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
customer additions, definitely, ultimately, they become a permanent investor for the mutual 
fund as time progresses. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood, sir. And sir, we read this morning that SEBI is thinking about this high-risk fund. 
Any thoughts around that? What is exactly those? And what kind of assets would be? And do 
you think there is a strong case for investor interest in this kind of category? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
No. The very fact that AIF fund has been created is to create a separate category for all the risk 
takers, which has meant for the accredited investors kind of investors. Therefore, I'm not saying 
currently much weightage to the article that came in, given the fact I don't think we are having 
a part of the discussion that is some of time to have such kind of product on the mutual fund 
space. Therefore, I'm not very sure how much of the weightage I have to give for this. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay, understood, sir. And lastly, sir, on channel mix. We've been seeing more or less these 
contributions have been steady, especially if we talk about on the equity side, the national 
distributors are around 20%, banks are around 10%, given that you said that incremental money 
is coming from fintech. Do you think there would be any channel mix change that we should 
expect over the next one to two years? And would that have any impact on our yields? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
From a channel mix point of view, I think, definitely MFDs continues to remain a dominant 
player. And they anyway focus on long-term investing and handhold customers during all 
periods of market volatility and ensure they make their investors invest for longer-term goal 
purpose. I feel that they continue to remain, among the traditional channel, MFD will remain 
a dominant player, absolutely no doubt on that. Incremental wallet share will continue to come 
from them. Second, of course, the national distributors who have deep presence, all India 
presence, and continue to stay focused only on building retail will remain a powerful channel. 
Banking of course, again, they have a larger focus on wealth management business. They will 
likely remain a dominant player, no doubt on that. Of course, incremental AUM coming from 
the digital channel and direct, which again increased focus is coming in. Definitely, the 
contribution on a year-on-year basis compared to these channels will definitely be higher. 
Therefore, the higher the growth compared to the normal rate of growth coming from other 
channels if it continues, which is what I also feel will remain, then naturally the contribution 
will accordingly undergo change. 
But it doesn't mean it will come at the cost of other channels. At the end of the day, more 
channels contributing to the success of industry will only help the industry to grow on an 
overall basis. And the wallet share of each of the channels will continue to rise, and people like 
us should also get to participate in this overall contribution coming from all the five channels 
we have mentioned about. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir, this digital online channel that you mentioned, these are booked at the national 
distributors or MFDs? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
No, it comes separately. Some of them are MFDs, some of them are RIAs. If it is RIAs, it will 
come under as a direct. 

 
 
Aditya Birla Sun Life AMC Limited 
Friday, 27th October 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Devesh Agarwal: 
So direct MFDs? 
A. Balasubramanian: 
That’s not available in the public domain. I'm just giving you a broader sense of what we keep 
track for ourselves. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Perfect! That is all from my side. Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. A. Balasubramanian for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
A. Balasubramanian: 
Thank you, everyone, for joining, and with this, we conclude our Q2 FY '24 earnings call. Do 
feel free to reach out to our Investor Relations Officer, Mr. Prakash Bhogale, for any queries 
that you may have. Thank you, and happy weekend. 
 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes 
no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
-------------------------------------------------------------------   End   --------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
