  
 
 
Regd. Office 301, E – Square, Subhash Road, Vile Parle East, Mumbai 400057 Maharashtra, India.  
Tel.: (+91 22) 40842222, Fax: (+91 22) 2610 8030, Email: info@nglfinechem.com CIN  L24110MH1981PLC025884,Website  www.nglfinechem.com 
 
 
 
 
November 23, 2023 
 
To,  
 
Listing Department, 
 
 
Listing Department, 
 
 
 
The BSE Limited  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai 400 001.  
 
 
Bandra East, Mumbai 400050. 
Scrip: 524774 
 
 
 
Symbol: NGLFINE 
 
Sub: Transcript of concall with Investors held on 20th November, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform you that the Company 
participated in the Investors Conference Call on Monday, 20th November, 2023, 
enclosed herewith please find transcript of earnings conference call on unaudited 
Financial Results for the 2nd Quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 
2023.  No unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed in the 
meeting. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For NGL Fine-Chem Limited 
 
 
 
 
Pallavi Pednekar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A33498 
 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
Pallavi Satish 
Pednekar
Digitally signed by 
Pallavi Satish Pednekar 
Date: 2023.11.23 
12:16:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
“NGL Fine-Chem Limited 
Q2 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 20, 2023 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAHUL NACHANE – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. RAJESH LAWANDE – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK MEHRA – TIL ADVISORS PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to NGL Fine-Chem Limited Q2-FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Mehra. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Mehra: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining this Q2-FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of NGL Fine-Chem Limited. The results and investor updates have been 
uploaded on the stock exchanges. 
 
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer your questions, we have with us today 
Mr. Rahul Nachane, Managing Director and Mr. Rajesh Lawande, Whole-Time Director and 
Chief Financial Officer. We will be starting the call with a brief overview of the financial 
performance which will then be followed by the Q&A session. I want to remind you all that 
everything said in this call reflecting any outlook for the future which can be construed as a 
forward-looking statement must be viewed in conjunction with the uncertainties and risks that 
the company faces. 
 
These uncertainties and risks are included but not limited to what we have mentioned in our 
annual reports which you will find on our company website. With that said, I will now hand over 
the call to Mr. Rahul. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good morning to all of you. I am Rahul Nachane, Managing Director of 
NGL Fine-Chem. A very good day to you and thank you for joining us today for the Q2-FY24 
earnings call of NGL Fine-Chem Limited. I trust this call finds each of you in the best of health 
and cheer and I hope those celebrating had a safe and enjoyable Diwali season. I am pleased to 
present to you the financial highlights and our company's performance for the Q2-FY24. 
 
It has been a strong quarter for our company. Our revenue from operations showed a healthy 
increase, marking a 13.5% growth over the previous quarter and an 18.4% growth year-on-year. 
Sales stood at INR80.18 crores for Q2-FY24. Our EBITDA margin recorded a significant 
improvement to INR13.97 crores, reflecting a close to a 45% increase quarter-on-quarter and 
about a 52% increase year-on-year. This performance positively impacted our EBITDA margins, 
which now stand at 17%, a 312 basis point improvement over Q1-FY24 and a 347 basis point 
increase from Q2-FY23.  
Profit after tax reached INR10.48 crores, showcasing a 23% growth since the last quarter and a 
124% increase from the same quarter in the previous year. 
 
As we delve deeper into the performance of the quarter, it is evident that the strategic decisions 
made have borne fruit. Our operational performance has been robust and we have successfully 
translated it into sustained growth, even amidst economic uncertainties and global headwinds. 
This growth is especially significant as it comes at a time when the industry-wide average 
realizations have seen a year-on-year decline. 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
 
However, we have countered this with substantial volumetric growth and we anticipate that this 
momentum should carry forward into the subsequent quarters. Our margins have recorded 
favourable shifts thanks to a significant reduction in raw material costs. This has allowed us to 
bounce back to our standardised margin levels. 
 
Staying put to our prior guidance, we maintain that our business sustainable EBITDA margin 
profile will persist in the 17%-22% band. While demand has shown signs of recovery, we remain 
vigilant for the persistent challenge. Issues such as currency availability in markets like Egypt, 
Pakistan and Turkey have adversely impacted demand. 
 
Although our direct exposure to African markets is minimum, the currency volatility in these 
regions has an indirect influence on our operations through its effects on our customer base. Our 
resilience during these challenging times was bolstered by our broad and diversified API 
offerings, as well as the ongoing expansion of our portfolio. Our strategic choice not to be overly 
dependent on any single product, customer or geography has served us well as we have seen a 
resurgence in demand for several of our long-standing products. 
 
On the capital expenditure front, we have maintained a measured execution pace. We are waiting 
for more definitive signs of demand recovery before we expedite our capex rate initiatives. Until 
then, we remain committed in funding our capital expenditures from the internal approvals 
generated from our business operations, thereby avoiding the need to leverage our balance sheet. 
 
Now as we look ahead, we do so with cautious optimism. The indicators are promising and the 
strategies we have in place are robust, but we are ever mindful of the fluctuating market 
dynamics. As I draw this opening address to a close, I must issue an important disclaimer. 
 
We have observed that competitors might have used the detailed information from our public 
disclosures to their advantage. Therefore, we will be exercising greater discretion in the details 
we share going forward. We request your understanding and cooperation in refraining from 
asking product-specific questions during this call, as such queries will not be entertained. 
 
This step is crucial to safeguard our strategic interests and maintain our competitive advantage 
in the marketplace. With that overview, I now open the floor to any questions you may have, 
keeping in mind the disclaimer I have shared. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Congratulations, Rahul and the team. We have really done very well 
in the last 2-3 quarters, in spite of the environment being quite tough. So, Rahul, with regards to 
your initial comments and also the press release, first of all, on the gross margin side, we are 
back to our gross margin, the normalized gross margin of around [55% - 56%]. 
And I understand from your initial comments that currently the product prices or the relations 
are still lower. So, two parts to it. One, is this sustainable going ahead? And also, is this largely 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
due to the raw material price being favorable to us? Or is there some product mix change also? 
That is my first question. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. Thanks for your interest and your call. With regard to your first question, whether this is 
sustainable, well, I would like to just give a cautious sort of a note over here that this is the first 
quarter where we have seen the recovery coming out well. If you have seen over the quarter-on-
quarter, starting from early this year, i.e  Q4 of the last financial year, Q1 of this year, and now 
Q2 of this year, it has slowly been improving. And I am quite optimistic now that our worst part 
is behind us. And going forward, we should be able to look at things with optimism. 
But I would just like to add a note of caution that there are too many changes now taking place 
in the geopolitical area. So, there is a lot of political uncertainty coming and this tends to impact 
business sooner or later. So, I would be a little bit cautious probably for another one or two 
quarters before I commit how sustainable these margins are. Again, I reiterate, I am cautiously 
optimistic and your second question was, was this because of change in product mix or was it 
because of the raw material prices? 
So, in this, I have to tell you that it is largely because of the raw material prices coming down. 
Because there has not been any drastic change in the product mix as such. But chemical prices, 
which were at a sort of a peak last year, have more or less fallen down to not probably their pre-
COVID levels yet. But they have retraced at least 60% - 70% of the gains which they had earlier. 
Rahul Jain: 
And with regards to the product prices for us, what is the trend like? The way you mentioned 
the raw material prices have retraced. So, on the product prices side, if you could share some 
details. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Well, on the selling prices also, we have seen a fall in our price realization. And prices have 
gone down. It varies from product to product. And also depends on the depth of competition for 
each product. So, we have seen products coming down right from 15% to almost 40% in terms 
of selling price. 
Rahul Jain: 
And, sir, with regards to the geography-wise and customers and product-wise, we have been 
observing for the last 2-3 quarters, the product concentration as well as the consumer 
concentration in regards to the top teams has been reducing and also on the geography side. So, 
is this growth which is coming in now becoming like you have entered some new markets and 
those new markets are giving us growth and at the same time, the new customers are giving us 
the growth? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Geography-wise, there is hardly any change actually. It's more or less stable but what you are 
saying with regards to product is definitely true. Our product concentration is coming down. So, 
about a year ago, we had almost 75% coming from the top 10 products. 
Today, our sales that top 10 products contribute to is only about 65% of our sales. So, this is 
because the newer products which we have introduced have started gaining strength and now, 
it's a much wider basket. And therefore, reliability on any particular product is gradually coming 
down. 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Last question from the capex. You have mentioned that you have gone slow and typically 
utilized your internal equipment till now and not tried to borrow funds at a time when the demand 
was not suitable to us but with the current scenario, the demand improvement is being there. So, 
when do we expect the capex being accelerated in terms of the money being spent? And what 
kind of timeline we can see for the greenfield capex to come through? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes, meaning, right now, as I said, we are a little cautious, cautiously optimistic. We will 
probably wait for one more quarter to see how things go before we commit ourselves completely 
to this. So, we will probably take our call early next year, next calendar year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the land of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations for the revival that we have seen in this 
quarter, Rahul and team. On product realization, Rahul, are we nearing the end of product prices 
correcting or you still feel that the correction is left in the market and your views on price 
realization going down further from here? and how much has been the price realization fall on 
an average across our 25-26 products? 
Rahul Nachane: 
So, it's very difficult to predict whether we have reached the bottom and things will go up or not 
but my personal feeling is we are more or less at the bottom of the bell curve right now. It should 
definitely go up from where we are right now in terms of realizations and pricing but as to 
whether this will happen in the next 6 months or a year, that is a big question which I cannot 
answer, frankly. So, we have to wait and watch and see how it goes. But I am pretty hopeful we 
are more or less at the bottom of the bell curve. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And how much has been the fall, let say compared to last year? How much has been the fall in 
prices? And if we compare the current prices, let say with pre-COVID prices, are we near that 
prices or have we fallen below that? 
Rahul Nachane: 
As I said, it varies from product to product. There are some products where we have seen a 15% 
drop in realization. There are some products where we have seen a 40% drop in realization. So, 
it just varies over a wide margin and it depends on the depth of competition for each product. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And for some products, have we seen prices below pre-COVID levels also or it is still higher 
than pre-COVID for most of the products? 
Rahul Nachane: 
I had not put a thought to that actually, but let me think about it. I would say that we are more 
or less at the pre-COVID levels, yes. In some we are probably lower than the pre-COVID levels 
also. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. My second question was on the current capacity utilization at our standalone and 
Macrotech level. what is the current capacity utilization? And let's say, we are at INR80 crores 
quarterly run rate, at full capacity utilization with some outsourcing that we used to do when the 
markets were buoyant, what kind of revenue can we do from the existing infrastructure, given 
the price fall that we've seen in the products? 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
Rahul Nachane: 
I think, we will probably be able to do between INR350 crores to INR400 crores, along with a 
little bit of outsourcing because we are doing very little outsourcing now. Everything is being 
done more or less either at NGL or at Macrotech. We will probably start outsourcing in the next 
three months, so that we start building up capacity gradually as the markets come back. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And we were in  like two years back, we were also looking to increase our outsourcing from, 
let's say, 5% to 15%. That also maybe in case you face some capacity constraints, hopefully, 
over the next two quarters, three quarters, we'll also be looking to increase that. And with that, 
can we touch, let's say, INR450 crores kind of revenues from existing setup? 
Rahul Nachane: 
That would be a little ambitious. I would still go by, let's say, up to INR400 crores is what I think 
we can do with current levels. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And... 
Moderator: 
Mr. Ankit, sorry to interrupt you. Just request you to come back for a follow-up question. The 
next question is from the line of Ayush Mittal from Mittal Analytics. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Mittal: 
First of all, sir, it's a pleasure to see the company coming back to the normal runway, given the 
challenges that we have still seen in the industry. So it's a good thing to see our performance and 
the resilience of our business model. 
Now coming to the question, sir. One thing which I just be given -- having flagged the company 
for so long is that at one point, we were at a point where we wanted to expand the capacity and 
seeing the market condition, we had slowed down our plans quite a bit. Even now, you said that 
maybe start of calendar year is where you'll take a call on that part. 
Can you share more of your thoughts on the expansion? Where we are, where we -- how do we 
want to proceed on that? And by when do we intend to complete the whole of the capex? And 
also on the product development side, which is something which would be very critical for us to 
grow from the levels we are to the next level if we have to? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. So as I said, we are still cautious on doing more at our price investments. I'm not sure 
whether the recovery is complete, and when recovery is completed and things will start going 
up. So we will probably take this call early next year on the investments. But just to inform you, 
we have proceeding with the investment right now at a much lower speed, of course. 
Close to 90% of the RCC civil work is already completed. And some equipment ordering in 
terms of long delivery item has already started, but we are not fully committed to putting all the 
equipment in, machinery in. But once we decide, it shouldn't take us more than 12-15 months to 
complete the project. So we'll take this call early next year. So if we do that, then in '24 or '25, 
we should have the plant up and running. 
Ayush Mittal: 
Okay. And what about the product development that like -- because one thing which I feel is 
that the product basket we currently have has its own limitations in terms of growth. So it is very 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
important that we expand our product basket significantly so that we can tap new further figures 
and do the scale up? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Product development is going on well currently,, our total product range has gone to close to 
about 28 APIs now. So product development is going at a pretty good rate. I did not understand 
the question. What was that? 
Ayush Mittal: 
No, no. What I was trying to get the insight is more on these new products, like the new product 
basket. If you are expanding the product basket, how are we doing on that front? and if we are 
doing much more on that part? Expanding this basket further, like from 28, do you -- are we on 
line to keep adding three, four, five products every year that we intended... 
Rahul Nachane: 
Our target is to reach 35 APIs by '25. So we are very much on target with that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Debashish Niyogi from Digitian Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Debashish Niyogi: 
So congratulations, first, for a very good set of numbers. You have been always cautiously giving 
guidance with respect to margins, volume growth and have been very open and transparent in 
answering our questions. 
So my question to you, sir, is given that we are the market leader in the top 5 products and also 
gaining market share in the next five, can we also say that we have the chemistry skills. Now 
my question to you is that if we have both in this context, we should have pricing power. And 
you always said that we don't have pricing power, not even INR2 to INR3 -- in one of the con 
calls many quarters back. Why is it so, sir? Being a market leader and also having chemistry 
skills, you still don't have pricing power? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes, so I would like to address that in two ways. Number one is that we are in a B2B business. 
And pricing power normally comes from -- more from either IP or from brand power. Now brand 
power does not exist here because it's B2B, and we are doing only generics. IP also does not 
exist because, again, we are doing generic products, which are out of patent for a long time. 
So how do you get pricing power in a B2B business? It's generally not possible. That's the first. 
And the second part is that there's always competition. Now if we try to price products very high 
up, we will -- it will be very easy to flood the market because people will immediately start 
entering the market as competitors and the competition goes up. So margins will come down 
sooner or later. Pricing power in the B2B business is very difficult. 
Debashish Niyogi: 
So sir, then what is our edge? If we being the market leader and we have also chemistry skills, 
and we are supplying to the top 5, top 6 global animal API players, then what is our actual edge? 
I thought maintaining great quality, and servicing on time, our retention of customers has been 
99%. These are edge. So should that not indirectly give us pricing power over the years with 
sticky customers? 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
Rahul Nachane: 
No. See, in a B2B business, the buyer is always much well informed and as a policy, no company 
keeps a monopoly supplier. So they always spread the risk by buying from multiple sources. 
Now having said that, even if I am the, let's say, lowest cost supplier, no company will buy more 
than 60% of their requirement from me. 40% will still go to other two suppliers because they 
want to keep their supply chain intact. So pricing power does not work, not in a B2B business. 
Debashish Niyogi: 
Sir, my second question, sir, is we are getting into every year two-three products almost and we 
target to get into 35. But the opportunity size of each of these products is very small. So in the 
pipeline to 35, do we have anything, you need not discuss in detail, like you said in the 
conference, in the beginning of the conference, about specific strategy of the product itself. 
But do we have anything in pipeline to the build-up of 35 where the size of that particular product 
is huge with respect to either the product itself or where you are servicing with respect to 
geography? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes, so we have slightly changed our strategy. So in addition to some niche products, we are 
also doing some volume products now and volume products have got a large potential, but at the 
same time, these are already existing products with multiple suppliers in place. What we are 
doing is, we are targeting those products where there are only Chinese suppliers. So we will 
probably be the first from India to start manufacturing these products. So we are offering 
basically customers a China Plus One alternative. 
Debashish Niyogi: 
That's great, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital 
Partners. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. In case, earlier we had indicated that for the new Greenfield capex, 
our pilot plant will be ready before the entire, the bigger plant comes on stream. So that, we will 
do the validation basis earlier and save on that three months, six months of stability studies, 
which we require for starting production from the new plant. 
So, let's say if the new, if the Greenfield capex takes another 12 months to 15 months from the 
time we decide to go ahead with installation of machineries and all. So, will the pilot plant come 
into production earlier than the entire plant gets completed and we save on that, six months of 
time? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. The pilot plant is scheduled to start by Q1 FY next year. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So that is expected to start even if we, let's say if we delay the starting of the entire plant? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Correct. So that has not been stopped. Pilot plant work is going on right now. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure and on our product basket, we have been targeting to add, five molecules every year. So, 
as you have stated that we have, also started looking at higher volume and, relatively bigger size 
of product. So, let's say, earlier our target molecule size was generally in the range of around 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
INR20 crores to INR50 crores. So, the new product that we have already added or which we 
plan to add, are those products, let's say their market size bigger than, what currently we have in 
our product basket? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes, two of the products which we are targeting have a much larger market size. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. So that can be in, let's say, few hundreds of crores as well? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And thirdly on the geography wise, can you tell us like some of the geographies which 
are doing well for us, let's say which have bounced back now and, where the demand is good for 
a veterinary product? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Which are the geographies which have bounced back, you're asking? 
Ankit Gupta: 
Yes. Which are doing well now and demand is back… 
Rahul Nachane: 
Well, basically East Asia is bouncing back right now. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. And some of the new geographies which we are trying to penetrate and where we have 
got some success? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. As of East Asia has bounced back. Europe is doing well right now. Latin America is doing 
well. West Asia and Africa is still in trouble. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Primarily because of the currency issues? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Because of money problems. Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Faisal Hawa from H G Hawa and Company. Please go 
ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Going forward that we are going to be in some kind of an expansion almost every year. What is 
the ROC and ROE that we are targeting which we will maintain given that we are a B2B business 
and, as such pricing power will never come to us very easily. So will we maintain discipline on 
that? 
Rahul Nachane: 
I am unable to, comment on that because we don't give forward guidance on our turnover or on 
our profits. But as I said, the long-term margins in our business are more like 17% to 22%. So, 
we have just reached the lower level of that level of that margin. We hope to take it to a little 
higher median going forward. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Thank you so much, sir. 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity again. One clarification in a previous participant, you said the 
pilot plant will start by quarter one of next year. So, you're talking about calendar year or you're 
talking about the financial year? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Financial year. 
Rahul Jain: 
Financial year, sure and sir, if you may permit to ask a question with regards to the product 
registration in Europe. In the quarter 4 call, you had mentioned that for three products, you 
expected to get approval by December and you were to file for approval for further three 
products. So, any details you can share on the same? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. So we have filed for. So, there are two types of approvals one can take. One is known as 
CEP and the second is by filing DMF. So we have filed for CEPs for three products. 
Unfortunately, it's taking much longer than we anticipated. Normally, pre-COVID, they used to 
give approval within about 15 months to 18 months. Unfortunately, right now, it's been close to 
about 21 months since our filing and there are still queries being raised. 
So, they are doing it at a much slower pace as compared to pre-COVID levels. So right now, we 
think it might probably take another six months to get the approval and in addition to that, we 
have also filed for five products. We have five DMF in various countries in Europe. So those 
are also under registration right now. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So, this is three plus five, total eight, right? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Three plus five. Correct. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay. And further on the product side, in the previous March ‘23 call, we had mentioned that 
we had gone from, we had added further two products. And also, we were trying to do validation 
of further two products. So, the commercialization of these four products has already started. 
The commercial sales have started? 
Rahul Nachane: 
Right now, we have 28 products in commercial production. And so this was six months ago, 
which we had spoken. So yes, they are more or less now in commercial production. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure and for this one last thing, with regards to our Greenfield capex, you had mentioned that, 
we will go to the regulated market with our Greenfield Capex coming on stream, once it comes 
on stream and also, our pilot plant, you expect to start by next year first quarter. So are we 
preparing the groundwork for the introduction of some of these products in the regulated market 
from the Greenfield facility? 
Rahul Nachane: 
No, the Greenfield is being done primarily for the regulated markets only, with that in viewpoint, 
yes. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So, basically the groundwork, the preparation in terms of product side, we are at 
somewhere advance stage of doing on the product side. Can that be a right assumption? 

 
 
NGL Fine-Chem Limited  
 
 
November 20, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. Thank you so much, Rahul. Best wishes. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. If there are no further questions, I will now end the conference. Over to Mr. Rahul 
Nachane for closing comments. 
Rahul Nachane: 
Thank you everyone for participating in this call. If you have any additional questions or wish 
to engage with us further, please reach out to our investor relations partner, the investment lab. 
Their email address can be found on the back of the investor presentation. We look forward to 
our next conversation again. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of NGL Fine Chem Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
