 
 
 
                                                                                                                      
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 13, 2023 
 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 524558 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: NEULANDLAB; Series: EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings call conducted on November 7, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings 
call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023, conducted on November 7, 2023. 
Also please note that this transcript of the call has been uploaded on our website. 
 
The weblink to access it: 
https://www.neulandlabs.com/investors/investor-updates/announcements/  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Neuland Laboratories Limited 
 
 
Sarada Bhamidipati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: As above 
 
SARADA 
BHAMIDIPATI
Digitally signed by 
SARADA BHAMIDIPATI 
Date: 2023.11.13 12:16:48 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Neuland Laboratories Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUCHETH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN & CEO, 
NEULAND LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SAHARSH DAVULURI – VICE CHAIRMAN & 
MANAGING DIRECTOR, NEULAND LABORATORIES 
LIMITED 
MR. ABHIJIT MAJUMDAR - CFO, NEULAND 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. SAJEEV EMMANUEL MEDIKONDA - HEAD, 
CORPORATE PLANNING & STRATEGY, NEULAND 
LABORATORIES LIMITED 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Neuland Laboratories Limited Q2 
FY24 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator 
by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravi Udeshi from E&Y. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Ravi Udeshi: 
Thank you. Good evening, friends. We welcome you to the Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Neuland Laboratories Limited. To take us through the results and 
to answer your questions, we have with us today the top management from Neuland 
Laboratories represented by Mr. Sucheth Davuluri - Vice Chairman and CEO; Mr. 
Saharsh Davuluri - Vice Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Abhijit Majumdar - 
CFO and Mr. Sajeev Emmanuel Medikonda – Head, Corporate Planning and Strategy. 
We will start the call with a brief overview of the financials by Mr. Abhijit Majumdar 
and then Saharsh will give you broad highlights of the business trends and what he is 
observing in the market and we open up the call for the Q&A session. As usual, the 
standard safe harbor clause applies as we start the call. 
With that said, I now hand over the floor to Abhijit. Over to you, Abhijit. 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
Thank you very much, Ravi and a very good evening and warm welcome to you all for 
joining our Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Call. I will briefly talk about the financials now. 
The total income for this quarter is Rs. 420.8 crores as against Rs. 293.9 in Q2, an 
increase of 43.2%. This was largely driven by growth in the CMS segment and reflects 
our efforts over the past several years. In comparison, our revenue in Q1 FY24 was Rs. 
365.0 crores.  
Our EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 140.3 crores with an EBITDA margin of 
33.4%, an increase of 980 bps over Q2 FY23. The EBITDA margin has improved due 
to both the shift towards high margin CMS business and a strong emphasis on cost 
optimization. This is in comparison to an EBITDA of Rs. 99.3 crores and EBITDA 
margin of 27.2% in Q1 FY24. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
I would like to state that the overall operating environment still continues to be 
unpredictable. However, we have observed some stability in terms of input costs over 
the past 4 quarters. We have been able to effectively mitigate the unpredictability 
associated with input costs through diligent management of our operational cost. The 
strategic approach has strengthened our financial resilience and enabled us to navigate 
challenges more effectively. We remain committed to maintaining our dedication to 
operational efficiency and cost improvement programs to sustain our progress in this 
regard.  
As we have consistently said in our previous earnings call, please measure our 
performance over a yearly and a larger time horizon as our revenues and EBITDA 
margins will fluctuate on quarter-on-quarter basis based on business mix which is 
dependent on the order inflow and project execution. 
Now coming to specifics. Our gross margin was 59.8% in Q2 FY24 compared to 56.2% 
in Q2 FY23 and 55.2% in Q1 FY24. This gross margin as always includes 
manufacturing of other costs directly attributed to the product. The profit after tax was 
Rs. 89.1 crores as compared to Rs. 38.3 crores in Q2 FY23. This quarter's EPS is at 
Rs. 69.4 per share. 
On cash, we continue to focus on internal cash generation to gear ourselves to support 
future capital spends. We generated a free cash flow for H1 FY24 Rs. 128.8 crores. 
We have utilized part of this cash surplus to bring down our working capital debt to 
zero and we paid Rs. 17.3 crores of term loans. Consequently, our net debt position 
stands at negative Rs. 39.4 crores, which means we are now more than a zero debt 
company. We also reduced our working capital cycle to 102 days in Q2 FY24 
compared to 118 days in Q1 FY24. We continue to invest in upgrading our facilities 
and have invested Rs. 43 crores in CAPEX during this period. 
We would like to add that we continue to be mindful of balancing growth with 
profitability by continuous focus on cost control and efficient operations in order to be 
able to capitalize on opportunities which will bring us greater scale over the long term. 
With that, I would like to hand over the call to Saharsh for his remarks. Once again, 
thank you very much. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Thank you, Abhijit. Good evening, everyone. I will add a few comments on top of 
what Abhijit has said and then we can open up with Q&A. So, I think reflect on the 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
quarter and the first half of FY24, I realize that while financial metrics reflect an 
improved quality of business that we have been striving to build, the operations have 
been conducted like any other quarter. Having said that, this quarter validates the 
quality as well as the underlying strength of the Neuland business and I must add that 
it reflects our business development, R&D, quality culture and manufacturing and 
execution engine. 
There is also a consequence of the natural transition of our CMS business where we 
have seen a few molecules scale up into commercialization phase over the last 2 years 
and maybe a few more waiting in the pipeline. As I had stated in the past, we had been 
transitioning from a model that was predominantly composed of prime APIs into a 
CMS and specialty GDS focused business. We are seeing both the potential of our 
CMS business as well as the impact of specialty GDS products like Paliperidone in the 
current performance. 
As we had mentioned in the recent past, the business does not have any significant one-
offs even in this quarter. However, as always, I would like to emphasize and reiterate 
that the nature of the business is lumpy and the growing scale will not necessarily 
change the inherent qualities. In terms of the details, the growth of the business is 
coming both from commercial products as well as projects under development. The 
significant revenue from development is due to molecules that are very close to 
commercialization. We believe that the analytics that we have been sharing over the 
past few years give sufficient color and depth. Hence, given the sensitivity and 
confidential nature of the CMS business, I would not be able to talk or answer any 
specific questions on customers or molecules. 
From a market perspective, you probably already heard this before. We have seen that 
there has been an impact of funding crunch on early-stage projects as well as projects 
with weak clinical data. However, we are seeing new customers come in with later 
stage assets that is Phase-2 and later continuing to look for reliable API partners. You 
will see this demonstrated in the increasing number of Phase-2 projects, which are part 
of the pipeline that we have shared in the investor presentation. We hope that this 
pipeline will give us continued success in commercializing more new chemical entities 
in the years to come. Our business development team stays focused and continues to 
pursue such high-quality projects to add to this pipeline, even as the internal R&D, 
manufacturing quality and project management teams work on delivery of the existing 
projects as well as building agility so as to respond promptly to changing customer 
needs. 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
On the GDS side, even as there has been a slight dip in specialty revenues this quarter, 
growth is on the expected lines on half yearly basis. The specialty segment in H1 was 
driven by revenues from Paliperidone, Apixaban and Donepezil. The Prime segment 
contribution was primarily arising from Mirtazapine and the growth of the 
Escitalopram business. In terms of the overall business, there is a positive outlook with 
a healthy pipeline in the medium to long term and optimism about future prospects. 
While there will be fluctuations at a quarterly or even at an annual level, the business 
itself looks very promising across the horizon. Neuland's commitment of putting the 
customer at the forefront of its operations remains unwavering. To align with this 
commitment, the company will continue to invest in its operations by establishing both 
new capacities as well as new capabilities. These investments are made with the goal 
of furthering Neuland's leadership position in key molecules and becoming the 
preferred partner for both existing and potential customers in the development and 
manufacturing of new molecules. This customer centric approach is a central part of 
Neuland’s strategy for growth and success. 
So, having said that, I will now request Ravi to open up the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Meet Katrodiya from 
Nivashaay. Please go ahead. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
The question is what is the future CAPEX plans and if not CAPEX, so what is the 
thinking of the management for the next leg of business? 
Abhijit Majumdar: 
As we have consistently said in the past earnings call, our focus on cash, right, as we 
kind of look at cash and optimize so that we have the cash for our growth opportunities. 
The second is what we have consistently said is as and when we start allocating capital 
for growth, right, we would come back to our investors on our plan from an execution 
perspective. So, you should see some action in the next 2 or 3, 4 quarters, but they need 
to be kind of placed to the board, they have to be discussed internally and I will just 
leave it at that. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
I think from an overall number, the regular CAPEX will be about Rs. 100 - Rs. 120 
crores. If there is any additional opportunity, the additional business which has a 
certain level of certainty then this number could go up or down based on that. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
And sir, second question is, very good percentage of contribution by CMS molecule in 
overall topline, so seeing this kind of jump from 45% to 55% for this quarter, what can 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
be the share of CMS molecules going forward for the full year considering the visibility 
you have? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, I think it goes without saying that the CMS business has outperformed our 
expectations as well, but frankly speaking, the CMS business is really a function of 
how the drug is doing and how our customers, how much API they are procuring, so I 
think it just happens that the CMS molecule’s volumes have picked up and have gone 
beyond our expectations and I think that has resulted in the CMS actually contributing 
to more than the GDS, but I think for us it is very difficult to answer that question 
directly because both businesses are very independent of each other and both have their 
own potential. It is just that the GDS business was a little shy of what we expected to 
do, and the CMS business did a lot more than what we expected it to do and it is part 
of the business. So, I think how this would be extrapolated is very difficult, I think we 
will have to watch the next few quarters and I think we will have to more importantly 
see how specific molecules do, but I think approximately somewhere between 60-40, 
40-60, I think beyond this, it is very difficult for us to pinpoint. 
Meet Katrodiya: 
Next question is in the revenue from development as there is a big almost double kind 
of jump in the revenue for this quarter, so are there any one or two specific molecules 
contributing such big jump and if yes, then as you mentioned in initial remarks that 
these molecules will get commercialized in upcoming quarters, so basically, I want to 
understand the potential of these molecules, how much times of revenue they can 
generate in commercial sales like 2, 5, 10, what kinds of revenue they can generate? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think I will just be brief in the interest of time. The molecules, their upside potential 
is something that we don't believe is valuable to disclose because it is hard for 
innovator molecules for us to cap or to be able to estimate that how much they will do. 
I think there is definitely potential for growth. There are more molecules as well, but 
yes, I think the salience we have disclosed in the table clearly tells you how many are 
in commercial versus how many are in development. So, I will just keep the response 
please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
My question was related to the development of the CMS revenue part, so you said that 
one molecule which actually had offtake for mere commercialization, so that has your 
offtake, so just I wanted to understand that whether we have catered to full order price 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
of that particular molecule, or this is a part of a bigger order we have in hand for that 
particular molecule in development phase? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, I think with regards to the commercialized CMS molecules, the orders would come 
across the year and typically I think because these are molecules that are still under 
patent, I think there is a visibility that we get from the customer in terms of how much 
API they need over the years and as we get closer to the period which is on a rolling 
quarter basis, we get confirmed orders. So, at this point in time, it is safe to assume 
that every year we will have orders. It may not happen in equal proportion every quarter 
and then again depends on a molecule-to-molecule basis, but as I had indicated in the 
opening remarks, there are no onetime orders. So, I think we can also feel reasonably 
confident that all this business that we are seeing is having a degree of recurrence and 
it may not be identical every quarter, but it will have a set pattern of recurrence, 
especially the commercial ones. 
Ranvir Singh: 
My question was related to that particular molecule because we have other molecules 
also and hence, I can understand that we will keep on getting orders for different 
molecules, anyway, so the second question was related to that Unit 3, what kind of 
utilization currently we are standing at? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, I think just to top up that first question you asked, I think we have disclosed that 
we have several commercial molecules right now, I think about 5 or 6 of them 
contribute actively to our commercial business on CMS. So, we have multiple 
molecules, which is the short answer, but not every molecule contributes equally, 
therefore the surge in the business or the growth in the business is also clearly 
indicating that new molecules are contributing more. With regards to your second 
question, I think we are at about 60%-65% utilization in Unit 3, but I would also like 
to add to that Unit 3 has further headroom for more capacity because the site itself has 
is a large enough campus where we can create more facilities, but in terms of the 
current installed capacity, we are at about 60%-65% utilization. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And that unit 3, when we can expect peak revenue including that expandable capacity 
there? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think it really depends on how the molecules scale up. So, I think we are constantly 
reviewing our capacity situation and I think the benefit we have is because we already 
have an operational Unit 3, we will be able to create capacity within say 12 months 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
from decision making, but I think we will disclose as we create more capacity, but at 
the moment there is nothing much I can indicate as when we will be creating. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ishmohit Arora from SOIC LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Ishmohit Arora: 
Sir, just a question, in next 6 to 12 months, are we expecting any more molecules to go 
commercial like in last concall, I think we mentioned two more molecules might go 
commercial in next 6 to 12 months? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think again, it is going to be difficult for us to be very specific for the time period you 
ask. I think if you go back to the investor con-calls that we have had even 2-3 years 
ago, we have maintained that we had a pipeline of 5-6 molecules which were one step 
away from commercialization. I think in the last two years, 2 molecules have become 
commercial. I think in the next 2 years, maybe two or three more could get commercial, 
but I would not dwell into further detail with regards to 6 months or 12 months, but 
yes, you can definitely expect some more commercialization in the next couple of 
years, but the timelines would be very difficult for us to indicate. 
Ishmohit Arora: 
The second question was, are there any key risks that we are seeing to the sustainability 
that we are seeing in the CDMO growth over next 2-3 years like in terms of basically 
the funding trying up for Biotech instead of US? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
The funding situation for the molecules that are getting commercialization, although 
we work with Biotech and we keep saying that the Biotech which have commercial 
molecules have adequate funding. So, we don't see any challenges in commercial 
supplies getting any kind of restrictions due to biotech funding. I think early stage, yes, 
there is definitely funding challenge, but I think our business model is such that it is 
not really impacting us that much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor as an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Neuland’s current form is akin to that of Indian cricket team, which keeps surprising 
on the upside, especially the seam bowling and coming to my questions and some of 
the major participants in the European API market have lately acknowledged that new 
competitors are coming from India, Euro API and others have also issued a warning 
regarding their profitability projection, I know you have had 200 pre-arranged 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
meetings and over 50 walk-ins in the recently concluded Barcelona CPHI, so what is 
the take on the ongoing supply chain rebalancing, please? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Hopefully our performance of the Indian cricket team will continue till they win the 
World Cup and not stop at the league stage, but that aside, I think there is definitely a 
lot of buzz of Indian CDMOs in the global marketplace and I think yes, we have seen 
in the press Euroapi and some of these guys mentioning skepticism, but I think our 
take on it is that this is a very vast space, $60-$70 billion space where no player is more 
than $2-$3 billion in terms of size. So, for us, we feel like we are swimming in an 
ocean, and we hardly see any competition. Even in the CDMO space today, in fact 
Sucheth and I were just talking to one of our board members, if we take our top 10 
molecules, none of the 10 have overlapping competitors. If I take the pipeline of the 
new projects which we are doing, projects which we have received in the CMS 
business, no two projects have the same competitors in the bidding process. There are 
so many different players, there are Indian players, there are European players, so for 
us, it is very difficult to gauge, at the end of the day we have a healthy pipeline and 
that pipeline is enabling growth for us and we have control on what actions to take in 
order to keep sustaining that growth.  
Sucheth Davuluri: 
I think European API companies are various Indian companies and vice versa as well. 
So, I think it is a healthy competition, but as Harsh rightly said the CDMO business in 
terms of the market is so huge that there is a lot of opportunity out there. Now, the key 
for Neuland and since we have a lot of interested stakeholders on the call as well is to 
make sure that Neuland doesn't get confused with other CDMOs in terms of what we 
do as an organization. I think for us going forward, the key is to be very clear about 
what is it that we can do and what we cannot do and make sure that we carve out that 
brand and image with our customers, so that we have those long-term relationships and 
that is what Neuland has all been about and we keep saying and you are referring to 
CPHI. Sajal, one of the things we always talk to our stakeholders is that we have hardly 
lost a customer in the last two decades, so I think customer is the center of our focus, 
but I think point is valid is we have to look out for our European competition as well. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
And second question is press release on peptide building blocks was issued in January 
2009, so could you please provide the performance evaluation of this optionality after 
14 years in terms of learning and measurable outcomes? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think the peptides press release you are referring to. I think it indicates our entry into 
the peptide business, which was a very organic entry. We started off making these 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
fragments because those were technically closer to what we did as a company. The 
idea was to climb up the value chain, getting to making more complex fragments, make 
building blocks, so to speak and supply them to peptide CMOs who actually make the 
final peptide APIs and the idea was to further climb up the value chain, getting to 
making NCE peptide APIs and also in parallel start making generic peptide APIs. I 
think in a nutshell that was the plan. I think in terms of where the journey has led us 
across the 15 years, I think the straight answer is that we have actually made that 
progression. We started off making building blocks, we then got into making peptide 
fragments, working with European peptide CDMOs, supplying them the fragments, 
then we started working with innovators, making peptide API's, NCE's, and then we 
also started developing peptide generic APIs as well. But I think what you are probably 
hinting at which is the report card, I think it is fair to also admit that the business itself 
has not contributed significantly to us. I would probably attribute that to two things. 
One is could we have put in a greater emphasis in terms of development capabilities 
and maybe develop more molecules, the answer to that is definitely yes, but more so 
in terms of if you look at the cable of molecules that we consistently published out of 
the 80 odd projects that we have, we have at least about 14 or 15 peptides, but none of 
them have actually made it into commercial and become successful commercially for 
us. Had that happened, perhaps it would have been a different story altogether, but 
having said that, we don't want to sound like we have given up on peptides as well, 
because we are working on some exciting peptides both in the NCE space as well as 
DMF for generics, but I think the music will be heard when actually you start seeing 
the business come in. Until that time, it will be kind of like lot of lead indicators that 
we will be giving to you in the form of commentary, but I think Neuland is a serious 
player in peptides, but unfortunately only time will tell how good our efforts have been. 
S E Medikonda: 
I think Saharsh did mention something on the lines of the fact that we have innovators 
coming to us for their peptide APIs itself is a marker of our capabilities on that front. 
When that actually translates into commercial revenues and impacts us significantly, 
that is more how the market, how the products move through the pipeline. I think that 
is not in our control and also from the generic side too, we have made significant 
progress on the number of molecules that we commercialized, and we are ready at a 
large stage, but the commercialization, it depends on the molecules and the customers 
that we are partnering. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Another qualitative addition, Sajal to the question is if you take Big Pharma as a 
category, most of our investors are aware that we are not very strong on Big Pharma, 
we work more with Biotech, but you will find it interesting that for peptides actually 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
we work with Big Pharma because their typical suppliers don't work on peptides as 
much. So, we actually have two European Big Pharma working with us only on peptide 
projects. So, that is also perhaps an indicator that we are a serious player in peptides, 
but yes, I think I would also admit that in terms of our revenues, they are not still a 
dominant contributor for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line as Sachin Jain as an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Sachin Jain: 
My question is since last 10-12 years, you have built now almost Rs. 500 crores CMS 
business and along with the journey, you have built reference ability, project 
management capability and scientific capabilities and now I believe all building blocks 
are in place and probably the world knows you for your capability, now can you help 
us how you as a management see next 5 years some qualitatively? How you see CMS 
business unfolding from here, maybe some aspirations, how you see it? Can you give 
some color? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
I think we can definitely give you a sort of a vision of what we have for the CMS 
business, maybe not in our quantitative way. The kind of track record we have built 
for ourselves and more importantly the credibility we have built for ourselves, as you 
had acknowledged in terms of building strong, R&D project management, execution 
skills in the plant level, quality culture, those have helped us coupled with a strong 
working relationship with the Biotech, these have been factors that have really built 
this healthy pipeline. Now, when you look at the innovation landscape today, I think 
still 70% of the new drugs which are small molecules are being developed by Biotech 
companies. So, I would definitely say, continuing this path is front and center a priority 
for us, we would want to work with more and more Biotech companies. We would 
want to be a part of as many phase 3 to commercial launches as possible, but at the 
same time, we recognize that for us to be able to expand the basket of customers, you 
would also have to create the right kind of capabilities, create the right kind of 
capacities for that. So, I think we are actively exploring what we can do. I think the 
gentleman earlier was asking about peptides, so for example, having peptides as a 
capability helps us work on more CMS projects. So, that is a very good example, 
having deuterated molecules as a capability helps us work with more innovative 
companies. I think as we speak, we are also evaluating what are the other adjacent 
areas that we should be looking at or should we look at different kinds of maybe 
carbohydrate chemistry, should we look at maybe high potency. So, I think these are 
questions that we are trying to answer, but I think it would be safe to assume that we 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
want to be focused on this human healthcare, biotech space, but as we create larger 
facilities, I think obviously we would also want to align better with Big Pharma and 
try to create more value for them as well. I think the next 5-7 year plan is more focused 
on that and then I think beyond that we will have to look at what else we can do. So, I 
think that is kind of what we think. In terms of numbers, I think it is really difficult 
because we are definitely doing better than what we expected. I think quantifying it 
from an investor perspective really doesn't make any sense because it is like the world 
is your oyster, so it could become as big as you could want to. 
Sachin Jain: 
And my second question is Saharsh, now, almost, if I see 2012-13 balance sheet and 
now I see a balance sheet which probably a business which is flowing cash an upward 
of Rs. 200 crore annually, would that mean you will become more aggressive in terms 
of capability acquisition or CAPEX, some color and one of the answers in earlier 
participant, you said probably next 3-4 quarters, you will take a call, but some 
qualitative indicator of how you are thinking about your CAPEX plan, acquisition 
plans and looking at the balance sheet where it is today? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Yes, I will just kind of share the management intent over there. I think Sucheth and I 
had explained this in the previous investor call as well, I think what we have achieved 
now, not just in terms of numbers or business mix is we have established a certain level 
of credibility with our customers in terms of what Neuland can do. This is not just for 
the CMS business, but even if you look at the Specialty API business, I think the 
customers we work with really value the work we do and one of the main advantages 
of this platform that we have created is that future investments will be made based on 
certain shared visibility that we get from our clients. This is a very important concept 
or a theme that we want to leave into our future planning and what that really means is 
we may not necessarily go into creating a lot of capacities or even capabilities without 
having that support or guidance or assurance from our customers. I think that is the 
position we have earned ourselves into, I would say, and therefore I would probably 
say yes, we will have to allocate capital for growth. We will have to create capacities, 
but they will be done in conjunction with our customer needs and therefore you will 
not see a situation where we will create maybe 1000 liter facility and then wait for 4 
years to fill it up with products, we may start creating production blocks based on 
certain visibility we are getting from the customers we are working with and that kind 
of capital allocation is what we feel will help us keep that ROCE high and it will help 
us keep making those necessary investments. So, I think that is broadly the theme of 
how we are looking at growing the business. So, there is a little bit of conservativeness 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
in it, but we also think it is not necessary to go and create huge capacities without any 
visibility from the business side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Rohit Ahuja as an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Ahuja: 
I have two questions, one is for the CMS segment and one is for the GDS segment, so 
in the CMS segment, I want to know that one of our client, Esperion which I think is 
having a dedicated production block in one of our manufacturing units, so I want to 
know that if this kind of capacity that we create in our plant that is also fungible across 
products and recently we have had the CPHI Barcelona, how is the thing where that, 
as I have seen, we have the various team meeting there, so how is the thing going that 
or the brand Neuland is now commanding compared to the various previous years, so 
this is my question one? And so again my question is on the GDS segment, is that true 
that now you can only file US DMFs if you have a valid customer on the customer 
request because we have a healthy pipeline of the molecules which have the US DMF 
files are going off patent in next 3-4 years and also as per our annual report, we are 
going to file 6 US DMF every year for the next few years, so that assumption is correct 
that can you explain about that? 
S E Medikonda: 
Rohit, I think in consistent with what we have said in the past, I don't think I want to 
answer like product specific questions or project specific questions when it comes to 
our CMS business, I think we have already shared a lot of color on that and when it 
comes to the GDS business, I think a lot of our work that we do is the products that we 
select and the products that we own is on the basis of our understanding of the products 
of the market which we have developed over a period of time and we consistently see 
that we are customers who are in those therapy areas in the US market come to us for 
those products, I hope that answered your question. 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
We always have a customer for the DMF that we are filing and the capacity that we 
create is always fungible. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjaya from Ampersand. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjaya: 
Sir, my question is that, is there any kind of a seasonality to your number and of course 
given some number relating to the stage 2 which has doubled, so how will that kind of 
feed into your numbers in the future if you can just help us understand that? 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
There is no seasonality as such, Sanjay. As we have mentioned in the past, we do 
expect quarter to quarter volatility just given the nature of the business and what our 
customers requires in terms of deliveries of the material from us. Apart from that, we 
have also mentioned in the past that not only just a quarter to quarter, but some of our 
sales cycle and manufacturing campaigns are so long that some of that volatility can 
even spill into the next year as well. So, it is just a question of the nature of the business 
rather than seasonality. 
Sanjaya: 
How about this Phase-2, which is doubling, does that kind of give us some indication 
of how things will evolve going forward? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
See, I think the doubling of the revenue is an indication that new molecules that are 
getting commercialized are contributing significantly to the business. I think if you 
couple that with the other statement that we have made that this business is not one 
time, it is not one off, also couple it with the lumpiness comment, I think it is fair to 
reduce that the growth is there and it will continue. The percentage growth or how 
much will it grow to is where we cannot give you any indication, but yes, I think 
definitely with these molecules commercializing there is a growth in the CMS business 
which will continue, but I think with regards to the quantum of the growth, I think you 
will have to see how things pan out. We won't be able to guide you much on that. 
S E Medikonda: 
And Sanjaya, if your question was with regard to the number of Phase-2 molecules 
doubling, I think that is more testament to the what you say the traction of the brand 
that we have been able to build and that would feed in over a period of time, but what 
we also need to keep in mind is the conversion from Phase-2 to commercialization is 
25%; which may be somewhere only around one in four molecules will reach 
commercilaizatione. So, this is more an indicator of how attractive our CDMO 
capabilities are rather than just an indicator of future potential. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul as an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul: 
I wanted to have a perspective from the management on how do they see the journey 
5 years, 10 years ahead, if they can share what the North Star for the company and if 
they can talk us through the progression of Neuland moving from a small cap company, 
let us say to mid-cap company and maybe at some point a large cap company, just 
market caps and more interested in the journey that they foresee and if the ambition is 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
to kind of transition towards making the company at that scale and how that will unfold 
over the next 5 to 10 years, how has the management excited on that perspective? 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
So, Rahul, there is no simple way to answer this question, but typically the process that 
we follow as management as an organization is that we typically forecast our numbers 
of future over a 5 to 7-year kind of a period because that for us is a realistic window 
without it getting too hypothetical or theoretical. Once we do that, we look at what the 
numbers look like, what the margins look like, what do the growth percentages look 
like and whether that is a reflective of healthy and opportunistic growth as well. If it is 
not, then we spend our time or energy identifying opportunities which are more 
reflective of how Neuland should grow and what the aspirations of the management 
are. Once we have those numbers, obviously we bring it back and look at the 
assumptions on what is our CAPEX, what should be the capacity, what should be the 
people strategy, our financial strategy, all of that. So that, that we are very clear on 
what the potential obstacles, what the potential risks could be, what is our ESG strategy 
going to be and we spend a significant amount of time doing that. I think with respect 
to your specific question about what the future could look like in terms of the market 
cap, small, medium to large cap, as a principle, we don't share any outlook in terms of 
numbers and we continue to hold to that principle, but I think internally we do take a 
very long view of the business and make sure that it is in line with how we would like 
to see the business overall. So, I mentioned I think, between me and Harsh in the 
previous call that we do have a clear set of 6 strategic priorities, which tell us what we 
want to do and more importantly, give us clarity on the areas that we don't want to 
focus on, in terms of specialty APIs or CDMO business, the kind of markets we want 
to go after, the kind of customers that we want to go after, the quality of infrastructure, 
the capabilities, each of those strategic priorities tell us where we should be putting all 
our energies and more importantly not putting our energies as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hussain Kagzi from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Hussain Kagzi: 
I just had one question and I like to come back to the comments you made about 
CAPEX and putting additional capacities only when you have some visibility of such 
and this is quite different from what conventional wisdom would kind of indicate and 
so I wanted to know that is this a strategy which the company has followed over the 
years or is it an outcome of the extremely lumpy and difficult years that we have seen 
say over 2018, 2019 or even H1 of last year and now we are quite conscious of the 
balance sheet or the financial stress that we would want to take? 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Sucheth Davuluri: 
Before Harsh adds his perspective, Hussain, let me clarify that given the nature of the 
business, what Harsh was saying is that the business has evolved to a point where there 
are certain molecules where we can actually invest in a CAPEX where we have a 
significant amount of visibility. Now, that doesn't mean that every CAPEX we do will 
have that kind of visibility. It is just not possible because as you know, our focus is to 
grow our CMS as well as our GDS business and on the GDS side, given a strategy of 
being a multiproduct facility, there will be CAPEX that will get invested based on our 
best estimate of future projections of volumes for which we will not have a signed 
contract or a certainty in revenue, so Harsh's point was that there is a part of the 
business that evolved to the point which gives us the ability to invest in CAPEX where 
we have that assurance, but they will always be part of that CAPEX or business which 
will not have that assurance. 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
So, I think Sucheth answered it, but I want to have the satisfaction of clarifying myself. 
I was just clarifying that the decision to make CAPEX investments based on visibility 
that we get from customers is actually a position of privilege that we have put ourselves 
over the years of building this business. So, I think that is something that I would like 
to reiterate. It is not necessarily something that comes out of the past pain or the past 
difficulties of going through CAPEX programs and also as Sucheth said there is GDS 
business, there is also basic R&D, there is a lot new capabilities which don't necessarily 
require customer sponsorship. So, when you look at capital investments in a business 
like ours, one area where you need the customer visibility is the capacity creation, but 
if you are looking at creating more R&D labs, you are looking at creating a pilot plant, 
you are looking at creating scale up facilities or even a GDS facility, then those are 
investments that the company would have to make on its own. So, I think the point that 
was being made earlier is that Neuland, we will not probably undergo huge CAPEX 
spends with no business visibility. We will be prudent in terms of what investments 
we make, but having said that, I think as management we alone can visualize how what 
infrastructure is needed and we will not necessarily wait for a customer to come and 
sponsor CAPEX for us. So, I think between what Sucheth has said and I said, I hope 
that clarifies and that helps you understand how Neuland looks at CAPEX it is not 
necessarily coming out of any past strain or concerns. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yasser Lakdawala from M3 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Yasser Lakdawala: 
Question on your CMS business, if you could probably highlight some qualitatively, 
so what are the nature of the projects and molecules you are working on, are they sort 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
of large volume, small volume in sort of production style or are they more chronic, 
acute sort of, are they in like niche oncology or rare disease area, if you just highlight 
something qualitatively, so we get a feel of customers that we are sort of working with 
and the long term sort of trend that is happening in the NCE space will be really 
helpful? 
Saharsh Davuluri: 
Maybe, just give some high-level facts about the CMS business. If you look at say the 
7 or 8 of our near commercial APIs with the CMS business, one thing is that they are 
all with Biotech companies. The other thing I would say is that they are a mix of 
chronic and acute therapies. I would also say again we have a mix. In terms of range, 
if you look at some of smaller volume products, batch sizes maybe 10-20 kilos with 
annual requirements being in 10s of kilos or 100s of kilos. The larger products in this 
list would have batch sizes of anywhere from 500, 600, 700 kilos with an annual 
requirement of 100 tons. So, I think our CMS business is fairly diverse in that sense, 
but yes, I think the basic commonality is that it is Biotech. I think incidentally, many 
of the molecules are also in the CNS therapeutic area, but it is not like we are CNS 
specialists and therefore we have those CNS molecules, and it just so happens to be 
that way. I think in terms of how we intend to, if you look at this portfolio itself, we 
don't necessarily see success coming out of acute therapies or chronic therapies or CNS 
diseases or anything like that, but what does matter is if a molecule is having multiple 
steps of synthesis, if it has some cost of goods challenges, if there is the basic supply 
chain is originating from India, I think these are three or four factors that drive an 
innovator to Neuland. We have seen even like, just to give you examples of molecules 
that don't fit our pipeline and we have not been successful, you take very high value 
therapeutic areas where the innovator needs only 2 kilos of API a year and it is a 
multibillion-dollar drug. So, the API sells for 10s of thousands of dollars a gram. In 
those kind of cases maybe the innovator is kind of comfortable with the European or 
in-house manufacturing. So, other than that, wherever there is a cost of goods 
challenge, wherever there is a challenge of complex chemistry in multiple steps and 
life cycle management is important, I think that is important, I think the one other 
common thing about our CMS pipeline qualitatively is and we had mentioned this 
earlier is the patent life, I think we did have one or two molecules, those patents have 
expired and they don't contribute anymore, but now the pipeline that we have, the 
patent expiries only start after 2030. So, the other comfort that we draw from our CMS 
pipeline is that next 7 years or so we should continue to see the exclusivity benefit us. 
So, I think these would be some of the highlights qualitatively that I can share without 

 
Neuland Laboratories Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
getting into any specifics and they are all given healthcare, that is one thing I didn't 
mention. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that will be our last question 
for today. I now hand the conference back to the management for their closing remarks. 
Thank you and over to you. 
S E Medikonda: 
We would like to thank you for taking the time to attend the call and asking questions 
which draw greater insight about the business and the future, while we would have 
liked to have answered everyone in the queue. We hope you understand the constraints 
of on time. Having said that, please reach out to Ravi if you have any specific 
questions, we would be happy to answer them to the extent possible. Once again, thank 
you for your time. Look forward to meeting you again and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Neuland Laboratories, that 
concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
