 
 
 
 
 
 
Date : 13th November,2023  
To, 
The Secretary,  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor Plot No- ‘C’ Block,  
G Block Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051 
SYMBOL: TARACHAND 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Transcript of the Investor Meet held on 07th 
November,2023, Tuesday at 04:00 PM(IST)  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”), we are hereby 
sharing the transcript to the Stock Exchange of the Investors Meet held on 07th 
Noivember,2023,Tuesday. 
 
The 
same 
shall 
also 
be 
made 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
(www.tarachandindia.in) as per the prescribed timelines under the Listing Regulations . 
 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tarachand InfraLogistic Solutions Limited 
(Formerly Tara Chand Logistic Solutions Limited) 
 
 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal 
Whole Time Director & CFO 
DIN No. : 01806026 
  
Encl: As above 
HIMANSHU 
AGGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
HIMANSHU 
AGGARWAL 
Date: 2023.11.13 
14:32:30 +05'30'

“Tara Chand 
Q2 FY ’24
N
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HIM
OFFICER
INFRALO
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. AST
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 12
 
Infralogistic Solutions Limite
4Earnings Conference Call”
November 07 , 2023 
 
  
 
MANSHU AGGARWAL – CHIEF FINANC
R AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR –TAR
OGISTIC SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
THA JAIN – HEM SECURITIES 
ed 
 
CIAL 
RA CHAND 
 
 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 12 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited 
Q2 and H1 ended FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by HEM Securities. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, you may press star then zero on your touchtone phone.Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Astha Jain, Senior Research Analyst from HEM 
Securities.Thank you and over to you Ms. Jain. 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you [inaudible], good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of HEM Securities, we 
welcome you to Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Call Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited. 
From the management today, we have with us Mr. Himanshu Aggarwal, Chief Financial 
Officer and Whole-Time Director of Company. Before we go on to the main call, I would like 
to read the standard disclaimer. There may be forward-looking statement about the company 
which are based on the beliefs, opinion and expectation of the company's management as on 
date of this call. The company do not assume any obligation to update their forward-looking 
statement if those beliefs, opinion, expectations or other circumstances should change. 
 
These statements are not guarantee of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. Consequently, listeners should not place any undue reliance on 
such forward-looking statement. 
 
With this, I will hand over the call to the management to take it forward.Over to you sir. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you for the introduction Astha. Good afternoon everyone. I, Himanshu Aggarwal, the 
Whole-Time Director and CFO of Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited would like to 
welcome you and thank you to be a part of this investor and analyst con call for Q2 FY24 and 
H1 FY24. 
 
To start with, I would like to give you a brief introduction about the company. Our company 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited is in the business of three different verticals or 
segments as we call them. One is warehousing and transportation which is the segment B on 
our financial results. 
 
In this segment, we are working with primarily PSU companies like Steel Authority of India 
Limited and RashtriyaIspat Nigam Limited wherein we are handling their stockyards for the 
steel materials produced by them across the country. They are self-owned stockyards or 
stockyards owned by us and the material is transported across the country through vehicles 
which are owned by us or sourced from outside as part of our network. In our second segment 
which is segment A, that is tangible goods and infraworks, we are primarily into the 
construction industry with our equipment rental division as well as infra [turnkey] projects that 
we execute. 
 
In this segment, we have got large machines of about 300 machines which includes heavy 
machines up to 800 ton capacity. Apart from that, we have got hydraulic piling rigs which are 
used for earthwork, groundwork to construct pillars or do activities that are required for 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 12 
 
infraprojects like highways, bridges, the metro works that we do as well as in buildings or in 
constructions inside the industrial plants. Our cranes are deployed primarily with large 
industrial projects which are currently into a lot of capacity expansion in the industries like 
steel, cement, petrochemicals, power, etc. 
 
We have also got concrete equipment and road equipment which helps in the supporting 
activities along with our primary machinery which is cranes and piling rigs. Apart from this, 
we are into a third segment which is the steel distribution processing. In this, we have got steel 
processing equipment as well as we have got tie-ups with various associates across the country 
for processing of steel that is further than delivered to our end-user clients as per their 
requirement. 
 
For the infrastructure development, the company is working with one of the best projects 
across the country, be it the metros, we have been working with Mumbai, Bangalore, Surat, 
Ahmedabad, Indore, Pune, whichever metro is under construction in the country, the endeavor 
of the company is to be a major participant in the construction of those metros through its 
construction equipment rental division. Apart from that, we have been playing a very 
significant role in the construction of the first ever bullet train of the country which is known 
as the Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed rail project. 
 
In our steel processing, as I had mentioned, we have spread across the country as well as we 
also do activities on-site for our clients according to their requirement. We have got a diverse 
team of experts which are spread across 21 states in the country. We also have operations with 
L&T in Mauritius for the rapid rail metro there. 
 
Our team is about 623 as on date. We are working in more than 50 sites across the country. We 
are working with more than 52 clients.All these clients are either PSUs or large MNC 
companies, mostly AA, AAA rated companies for whom we are among the first choice of 
service providers. So that is in a gist about the company as a whole. Moving on to the financial 
results. 
 
As we have seen in the first quarter, the company has been performing well financially and we 
delivered our best ever quarter in Q1. Taking that forward, we have in fact done significantly 
well in the subsequent quarter as well. Especially in our industry, it is better to look on a year-
on-year comparison because of the seasonality in the nature of work we do as the construction 
activity is affected predominantly by monsoons in Q2. 
 
It then subsequently picks up post the Dussehra Diwali festive period. Taking that into 
consideration, looking at the financials for Q2 FY24, our revenue was INR42.95 crores, which 
is a 31% y-on-y growth, whereas our EBITDA was at INR13.5 crores, increasing by 48% on a 
y-on-y basis, while the profit before tax increased 53% to INR3.39 crores. Our PAT 
subsequently reached INR2.69 crores, which is a 68% y-on-y increase. And the cash PAT and 
cash EPS, both of them have grown by 62% and 57% respectively, giving a figure of 
INR10.77 crores and INR7.61 crores respectively. 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 12 
 
 
For the half year ended, 30th September 2023, the figures were equally or rather better in that 
sense with a comparison on the revenue, giving us 26% increase at INR83.12 crores. The 
EBITDA rose by 40% year-on-year at INR26.77 crores, while the profit before tax rose by 
55% at INR7.85 crores. The profit after tax also witnessed a spectacular growth of 75% and 
we reached INR6.48 crores in the PAT. Our EPS rose by 68% to INR4.58 crores, while the 
cash profit after tax, which is the cash PAT, rose by 58% to reach INR21.8 crores. So, we have 
been progressively working towards giving the best of our entire team, which is leading to 
these wonderful results. 
And we are very glad that going forward, we are strategically poised in the kind of 
opportunities that are opening up in steel logistics and in our industrial capacity expansion 
endeavours, as well as the large infra development that is happening in the country. So, we 
once again thank you, that all of you who have joined us and are part of our journey and who 
have been trusting us as we go forward in making sure that we keep growing. On the order 
book front, the company has about INR80 odd crores of order book as on the 1st of November 
2023, which is to be executed up to FY '24, which is by 31st of March 2024. 
So, that is what we would like to talk about the company and now I would like to hand it back 
to Ms. Ashta to take it forward to the Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much.We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Mr. Rahil Shah. Please go ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
So, I was looking at your segment-wise revenue mix and steel logistics has done well, right, 
year on year, quarter basis and also the H1. So, can you please once again elaborate what led to 
this? So, why are things working well in steel logistics? Why the other two have kind of 
remained flattish? And will this kind of revenue mix continue or is it going to get better in the 
second half? So, that is my first question. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So, thank you, Mr. Rahil, for the question. To answer that, we have got new contracts in 
the last financial year which came into effect primarily towards the end of the last FY. And 
that is the reason that the revenue for the steel logistics that you see is much greater than what 
it was in the first half of last financial year. So, that is to answer the cause for the increase in 
revenue that you asked. And the others, especially in the equipment, hiring and intra-projects, 
it is flattish as I already mentioned in the monsoon season. 
We do tend to have lesser construction activity and lesser of demand in the construction 
equipment sector. So, that does lead to a little bit of a lean period there. Having said that, the 
one other big reason that there has been a change, there has not been much of an increase, is in 
the September 22 half year, we had a lot of subcontracting works that we were doing for the 
metro as well as high-speed rail projects which we have stopped doing post September 22 
because we found them not to be as lucrative and we have moved primarily to better avenues 
in the construction equipment rental space. 
And as you would see in our presentation, we have also given a revenue mix for our equipment 
rentals division with the sector-wise mix. So, there you would see in the half year, September 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 12 
 
22 versus half year, September 23, our revenue has changed substantially from rural and urban 
infra to metals and minerals and the cement industry. So, that is because our machinery has 
mobilized towards these industrial capacity expansion plans and that has led to stabilizing our 
profitability in that region. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. Secondly, in your presentation, you also mentioned in your future plans that you remain 
committed to deliver the same kind of growth you witnessed in H1 of this year. So, if I 
calculate, I think you have seen roughly 25% or so growth in H1 of this year compared to last 
year. How confident are you to continue this and what will lead to that in terms of top line and 
then any outlook you would like to share on margins as well? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, to answer that, we do see that with the kind of order book that we have in hand and the 
orders we anticipate to get that we should be able to continue with the 20% to 25% growth that 
we have witnessed so far. And similarly, you can consider that the similar trend would also 
continue for the margins as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Swapnil Khabra from SK 
Enterprises. Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Khabra: 
Sir, so my question was with respect to the two segments, the steel handling and the logistics 
part, I guess we are at approximately 75% capacity utilization and the other equipment rental 
part, we are almost at our best. So, my question was going forward, how are we going to 
grow? So, what are the growth triggers going forward? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So, thank you, Mr. Swapnil, for the question. To answer that, we are at about 80% to 
85% on our equipment utilization. And as you said, we are at about 75% on the steel logistics 
as well. So, we see that usually in the Q3 and Q4, the demand picks up substantially and which 
leads to better utilization, improvement in the utilization. And secondly, when demand rises, 
we also see a better pricing model in place for our equipment rentals. So, we have ample 
opportunity there to grow. 
And there are certain equipment that have been purchased in this financial year itself, like we 
have done a capex of about INR35 crores in this financial year, which will also help in the FY 
‘24 second half to lead to the growth that we are anticipating. 
Swapnil Khabra: 
Okay. Sir, and with respect to the EBITDA margins, so I was witnessing that the EBITDA 
margins have been rising on year-on-year basis. So, is it because of the better rent realization 
that we are getting from the equipment rental business? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, that is there. As I just, in the previous question I had answered, that we have moved from 
subcontracting to better profitable options, which are equipment rentals in a better sector as 
well, apart from just being concentrated heavily in infrastructure, which we were last year at 
about 75%. So, that has definitely added to better profitability. 
Swapnil Khabra: 
Okay. So, last question on the EPC business. So, can I get some color on the EPC business and 
what are our growth plans with respect to that business? 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, we are bidding for a few tenders and because of the business that we are anticipating and 
our business strategy and it being an internal matter, I am not able to give you more details on 
that. But once we do have those worked out, we will definitely share details. 
Swapnil Khabra: 
So, right now we do not have anything in the top line from the EPC business? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Nothing as of now. 
Swapnil Khabra: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. I will join in the queue. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much.The next question is from the line of Mr. Abhijit Sinha from PI Square 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Good evening. Congratulations on the results. I wanted to ask you over the last six months, 
what kind of operational changes have you seen in the betterment for the organization so far? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, thank you, Mr. Abhijit, for the question. From an operational perspective, I just want to get 
a clarity on the question. You are asking more about, how we have changed any operations 
that we execute with our clients? Or… 
Abhijit Sinha: 
So, in the sense, as you mentioned that, we have stopped doing businesses which were not 
helping us, were not that profitable, right? You mentioned that earlier on the call. So, things 
like that. What kind of changes have we made in the last six months which has helped us grow 
our margins, grow our top business also significantly? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So, to answer that, sir, we have got one change, as I already mentioned, was to move out 
of subcontracting because that was not working out as per our expectations. The other change 
that we have made is, we have brought in, in our steel logistics, we have brought in these 
rubber tyre gantry cranes which are advanced machinery that helps in efficient and cost-
effective way of handling steel which is suited to the warehousing that we do. 
And we are the only private service provider in this country, who owns these machines 
captively. The others which are owned, are owned by the large organizations like Tata or SAIL 
or RINL. So, looking at their models, we brought in these machines to enhance our own 
productivity and efficiency which has definitely helped on the cost part. 
And as I was just answering the earlier question, we have also made an operational change 
where we have distributed our equipments from just being heavily into rural and urban infra to 
also into metals and minerals which is steel and then we have got aluminum and copper, all 
these industries and we have got cement, where we have got a revenue mix of about 15% from 
the cement sector which was only 4% in the last financial year for the first half. So, those 
changes we have made which has helped with the profitability overall. 
Abhijit Sinha: 
Lovely. I think, we have given that break up as well in the presentation…. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. Mr. Sinha, there has been a lot of disturbance and your voice is cracking. 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Abhijit Sinha: 
I think this is the second time we expect… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt again, Mr. Sinha, again your voice is not… 
Abhijit Sinha: 
I will get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Dhruv Bajaj from SmartSync 
Investment Advisory Services. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Sir, firstly, congratulations on an amazing set of results. My first question was, what is the 
technological complexity or the high capex requirement that stops other non-government 
players to buy this rubber gantry machinery? As you have described this as one of your core 
competitive advantages in steel handling business. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, thank you, Mr. Dhruv, for the questions and the congratulations. For the question, I would 
add on this is that, it is more an understanding of how steel is handled. We have been in steel 
industry for 40 years now. We have been doing this work for 40 years and we have had the 
expert team in place who can handle these machinery because they are all imported machines. 
They are not the ones that are manufactured in India. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Got it, sir. That is it, sir. And secondly, I was trying to understand the ROE profile a little 
better and what will drive its growth going forward? Like it is definite… 
Moderator: 
Just a moment. Sorry to interrupt. The line for the chairperson seems to have been 
disconnected. Please hold the line while I connect the management line. Thank you so much 
once again. Mr. Bajaj, we have the line for the management connected. You can please 
proceed with your question. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Yes, sure. So, I was trying to understand that ROE profile a little better and what will drive its 
growth going forward. So, it has… Hello, am I audible? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, you are. Yes. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Yes. So, it has definitely improved to 13% on the back of strong growth that we witnessed in 
FY'23. So, now I want to understand why is it still below our other peers? Like is there some 
element of equipment aging wherein since your equipment's are quite young, so your ROE 
seems lower? 
And when some major portion of the equipment will be written off, so ultimately your ROE 
profile will look better? Or is there some reason that as you have mentioned before as well that 
your working capital cycle got elongated during COVID period? So, a reduction in the same 
will lead to higher ROE. So, what will drive its growth going forward? I wanted to understand 
that? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, to answer that, sir, definitely with the -- our equipment is definitely on the younger side. 
So, it does impact the ROE on an absolute basis. But if you would look at our cash profits, 
there you are able to understand it better because there is a heavy depreciation that goes into 
our books that leads to lower PAT numbers. So, that is one reason which once this equipment 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 12 
 
do age out and they are-- because the equipment age is 15 to 20 years, whereas depreciation 
happens over a shorter period of time in books. 
 
So, that definitely creates that challenge that the ROE numbers are reflected in such a manner. 
And with the kind of increase in profitability, the working capital cycle is improving, and also 
our receivable days are going down. We were at about 139 odd days as of 31st March, 2023. 
And now we are at about 110 days as of 30th September, 2023. So, all those factors will 
definitely lead to a better ROE going forward. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Sure, sir. That helps. And if I can squeeze in another question, then can you please guide about 
the probable working capital cycle of the EPC business? Since you are focusing so much on 
reducing the working capital cycle. So, will it be in line with our future projections or will that 
have a little higher cycle? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Sir, as I had mentioned earlier, although I cannot give details on the kind of EPC projects. We 
are working on, because till the time we do not get them, we do not want to be talking about 
them from a business strategy perspective. But our endeavour is definitely going to be that we 
try to remain in the projected working capital cycles. Although to start with, when we do start 
a new activity, there might be a certain stress on the receivable cycle or the working capital 
cycle to begin with, but it should even out with due course. But it will all depend on which 
contract we eventually get and what we are able to do with it later. 
Dhruv Bajaj: 
Got it, sir. That helps. Thank you so much, sir. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Ronil Dalal from FICOM 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Hi. Good evening and congratulations on a good set of numbers. So, my first question is that 
how is it that the competitive intensity has changed over the last three to six months? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Romil, for the question. If I got that name correct, I did not understand the 
question correctly. Could you please repeat your question, Mr. Dalal? 
Ronil Dalal: 
Yes. My question is that how has the competitive intensity changed over the last three to six 
months? So, basically, like a question on the competition or the competitive intensity. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right. So, to answer that, sir, the competitive intensity, it is similar to what it has been before 
in the segments that we are operating in because we are into larger size of equipment where the 
players, which are usually already there, have been there and with the kind of opportunities 
that have opened up, demand being so high. 
Even if there have been additions of machinery, if I talk about equipment rental business from 
other competitors, they are also being able to – the competition is not such that we are going 
for each other's throat with regards to pricing. So, there is no undercutting happening there, at 
least as of now. 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 12 
 
 
In our steel logistics business, because it is a tender-based system where we get a contract for 
five to seven years. What we have seen is for contracts that we have already won in the past, 
there is no change on the competitive side. But on the new tendering that we are participating 
in. There is definitely a similar line of competition that we have seen before and we are well 
placed in managing that as well. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure. And the next question is that, what is the kind of percentage of revenue which is geared 
towards wind power projects? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
As of now, sir, we have nil revenue from the wind sector because that is not the sector we have 
explored. We have shifted primarily from urban infra to – not properly shifted, but we have 
distributed it more towards metals and minerals, cement and petrochemicals. In the near future, 
we do not have the intent to enter the wind sector. 
 
Towards a few years down the line, or maybe whenever that does look lucrative enough, we 
will see. But we are very sceptical on the financial stability of the clients stress, so we are not 
keen on entering that sector anytime soon. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure. And you had mentioned earlier that the machine is used – the equipment is used for 15 
years, 10 years. On average, over how many years do you depreciate it? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So the depreciation happens over about seven to eight years. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Okay, seven to eight years. Next is that employee strength and mix. So mix – when I say mix, I 
mean like between like say full-time, specialized, contract, engineers. If you could get some 
sense on that? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So in my opening remark, I had mentioned the 623 employees, which is all permanent, all on a 
roll. That is the number on a roll, which is there. And contractual, we have about 300-odd 
contractual labour that works for our – specifically for our warehousing and logistics business. 
On the mix of how many engineers and the details on who, what were you – you are trying to 
ask for the engineers and other experts, right? 
Ronil Dalal: 
Yes. Any estimation? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So primarily out of the 623, sir, there is a lot of operating team, which is the expert operators, 
which work on the machines. I do not have the exact numbers with me right now, but I can 
definitely have those. I'll get back to you on that. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure, sure. Thanks a lot. Thanks for answering my question and all the best. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Abhijeet Sinha from PI Square 
Investments. Please go ahead, sir. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
Hi. Is the voice better now? Yes, sir.Perfect. So I was just asking that in the second half, we 
generally expect a better business because post-Diwali, info projects will begin again. So Q3 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 12 
 
and Q4 is generally strong for us.So in these next six months, what kind of major projects are 
we involved in with the major of the revenues coming in from those kind of projects? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Okay. So to answer that, sir, we are already actively working with, as I had said, with the high-
speed rail project, which is the bullet train project. We also are with all the large metro rail 
networks that are going on, we are working there. 
 
And with the industrial capacity, we are working with capacity expansions in the cement 
industry with ACC, Ultratech and other such large clients who have projects that are lined up 
to take up speed right after this festive season. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
And they're all on simultaneously, right? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, it's all these because these are in different sectors. The infrastructure is on at its own pace 
and the industrial capacity expansion is going on at its own pace. So they're both 
simultaneously getting up for top speed. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
And the yield for our equipment, is there any scope that we can improve on them or is it 
something which is an industry standard thing so then we stick to that certain rate? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
It is an industry standard benchmark that is there, but there are opportunities at times for 
specific contracts where the yield tends to be higher, but those are worked out based on the 
demand. But on a general basis, I would say it's a more of an industry benchmark that we 
operate. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
And it's more on our relationship with the client? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
The preference to give the order to us is dependent on the rapport we have with the client, the 
association we have with that client. Like we've got clients like Afcon, L&T, Ultratech, as I 
mentioned, Steel Authority of India Limited, Rashtriya Ispat Nigam Limited. So these are all 
long-term clients.Like with SAIL, we've been working since almost 35 years now. With L&T, 
it's been more than 20 years. So there is a large network of this client base that we have 
established, which helps us to become their first choice. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
So the cement space is expecting a massive demand, I think in the next two, three years. So do 
we just like our portion of cement, as you said, has increased this quarter. Is that something at 
this current level, this is something going to be in the same range?Or are we trying to increase 
that space? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We are looking at increasing that space further. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
As a proportion to the revenues, right? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
About 15%, which definitely we see going upward, like we've got 35% at metals and minerals. 
So that is the range we would want the cement sector to be as well, because of the rising 
demand in that sector. 
Abhijeet Sinha: 
Lovely. Perfect. Thank you so much, Himanshu. 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 12 
 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Swapnil Kabra from SK Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yes. So is it that we are depreciating our machines more aggressively than what is required as 
per the law? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Not really, sir. The depreciation in books is as per the company's act, what is provided in it as 
per the WDV norms, the written down value norms. 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Okay, sir. That's it. Thank you. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Ronil Dalal from FICOM Family Office. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Yes. Hi. Just I had another follow-up.So in terms of the capex, I think I missed the number for 
FY24. Okay. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So, Mr. Dalal, we have so far done a capex of 36 crores. In Q1, we had done INR25.4 crores. 
And in Q2, we've done INR10.6 crores. 
Ronil Dalal: 
So I meant for the full year, is there any kind of number which you would be giving or no? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
We do not have any specific number in mind for the year, but usually we do go by capex is 
into going by any new projects that we get. Like we've received a new contract just earlier this 
week from Steel Authority of India Limited for managing their Bangalore warehouse. It's a 
four and a half year contract, but it requires smaller machinery and we've already got the 
rubber tie gantries that we wanted to be in place. 
 
So we do not see much new capex for that project initially. Apart from that, on the equipment 
rental front, as I was answering the earlier question regarding our intent to increase our share 
in the cement industry. So there we would want to add more equipment and that might lead to 
some more capex in this financial year, depending on what kind of orders we pick up from the 
client.But it's hard to put a number specific to it. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure, sure. The other thing I wanted to just double check on is that I think that in the 
presentation in the evolution slide, I think it says FY'22 capex is INR100 crores. And later on, 
I think it's mentioned that there's a lower number, I think -- let me just see. Yes, so in the 
evolution side, it shows INR100 crores for FY'22. And then in the later capex chart, it shows 
FY'22 INR16 and FY'23 INR49 crores.So I just wanted to just check what was the number for 
FY'22 and FY'23.Is it INR16 and INR49? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
So the INR16 and INR49 are correct, sir. Which slide are you talking about INR100 crores? 

 
 
Tarachand Infra Logistics Solutions Limited
 
 
November10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Ronil Dalal: 
It's in the evolution slide, like you mentioned your history and evolution. I'm not sure the slide 
number, but in that I think it's FY'22 INR100. Maybe that's a combined INR100. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Yes, I think it is a combined growth over a certain number of years rather than a certain year. 
Yes, so post COVID, we have done INR100 crores plus investment in our capex as you were 
talking about. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Sure, sure. So FY'22, the revenue was 130 and FY'23 is 145. But we have done some good 
capex over 22 and 23.So is it likely that usually I think that as you get the equipment and do 
the capex, it's not like it'll take, I mean, most likely it's like in the six months, one year, you 
will see that effect on the revenue, right? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Right, sir. Yes. 
Ronil Dalal: 
No, no. So I guess my question is that since we have done some capex most recently, 22, 23, 
does that mean that translate into like a larger jump in FY'24? Is my understanding correct or is 
there some gap? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
I know that is correct, sir. As the equipment addition, the capex that has been done has 
happened primarily in the second half of last financial year, a chunk of that. So that impact we 
are seeing is coming into the results for this financial year.And it will add to the results for the 
second half of the financial year as well. 
Ronil Dalal: 
And usually, the industry standard that the second half is much better than the first half. Is that 
also correct? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
That is correct, sir. 
Ronil Dalal: 
So I guess that 20%, 25% is a conservative guidance based on whatever answers I received? 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
As I had answered the earlier question, we do intend to grow at a similar pace. We've been 
growing at about 20% to 25%. And that is the target that we see should be the case for the 
second half as well. 
Ronil Dalal: 
Perfect. Thank you so much for answering all my questions. 
Himanshu Aggarwal: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
Ms. Astha Jain for closing comments. 
Astha Jain: 
Thank you. On behalf of HEM Securities Limited, I thank Tarachand Infra Logistics Solution 
Limited Management for giving the time we spent on this call and responding all the queries in 
a detailed way. I would also like to thank all the participants for joining this call.Now I would 
like to hand it over to moderator for the closing remarks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, ma'am. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of HEM Securities, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us.You may now disconnect your lines. 
