 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
(Formerly Kaynes Technology India Private Limited) 
CIN: L29128KA2008PLC045825 
www.kaynestechnology.co.in  
 
email ID: kaynestechcs@kaynestechnology.net  
H.O & Regd Off: 23-25, Belagola, Food Industrial Estate Metagalli PO, Mysore 570016 India 
Telephone No: +91 8214280270 
November 04, 2023 
 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – KAYNES 
 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
14th floor, P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Stock Code – 543664 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub.: Intimation of transcript of earnings call for the Financial Results of 2nd quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
Ref.: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call hosted by PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA PRIVATE 
LIMITED for the Financial Results of the 2nd quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. The 
same is made available on the Company’s website within the timeline prescribed under the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and can be accessed at the 
following link: 
 
Particulars  Website link 
Transcript 
https://www.kaynestechnology.co.in/doc/Regulation-46-of-sebi-lodr-
regulation/Transcript%20of%20Earnings%20Call-%20November%2001,%202023.pdf  
 
Kindly take the above information on record and acknowledge it. 
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully,  
For Kaynes Technology India Limited 
 
 
 
S M Adithya Jain  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer  
Membership No. A49042 
 
Enclosed: 
• Transcript of the earnings call 
 
 
 
SALIGRAMA 
MOHAN KUMAR 
ADITHYA JAIN
Digitally signed by SALIGRAMA 
MOHAN KUMAR ADITHYA JAIN 
Date: 2023.11.04 12:46:15 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Kaynes Technology India Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. SAVITHA RAMESH – CHAIRPERSON – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH KANNAN – FOUNDER AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. JAIRAM SAMPATH – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – KAYNES 
TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. NEERAJ VINAYAK -- HEAD OF INVESTOR 
RELATIONS -- KAYNES TECHNOLOGY INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL – PHILLIPCAPITAL INDIA 
PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 earnings conference call of 
Kaynes Technology hosted by PhillipCapital India Private Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from PhillipCapital India Private 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, I welcome you all 
to Kaynes Technology Limited Q2 FY24 earnings conference call. Today we have with us 
management represented by Mr. Ramesh Kannan, Founder and MD. Ms. Savitha Ramesh, 
Chairperson; Mr. Jairam Sampath, Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. 
Rajesh Sharma, CEO and Mr. Neeraj Vinayak, Head of Investor Relations. 
Without taking much of time, I would like to hand over the floor to the management for their 
opening remarks, post which we open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Good afternoon, friends. My name is Ramesh Kannan, I am the Managing Director of this 
company. I would like to welcome everyone present on the call from the entire team of Kaynes 
Technology. I have along with me on the call, Ms. Savitha Ramesh, our Chairperson. Mr. Jairam 
Sampath, our CFO; Mr. Rajesh Sharma, our CEO and Mr. Neeraj Vinayak, our Head Investor 
Relations. 
Coming to our performance for the quarter ended September 30th, 2023. Our total revenue was 
INR3,608 million, registering a growth of 32% year on year. Our growth was largely led by 
strong demand in industrial and railway verticals. Our Q2 FY24 EBITDA was INR488 million 
compared to INR432 million last year. 
Our PAT for Q2 stood at INR323 million compared to INR210 million during last year. We 
continue to witness strong demand across verticals with monthly order inflow reaching to 
INR2741 million per month from INR2165 million during Q1 FY24. Our order book as on 
September 30th, 2023, stood at INR34,608 million. 
Friends, let me share few details around major developments for the quarter.  
On IT side, as you are aware that Kaynes Technology as a part of its strategy to enter into 
complex electronic manufacturing has entered into a Transfer of Technology License with 
Center for Development of Advanced Computing, CDAC, under the National Supercomputing 
Mission. I am very pleased to announce that Kaynes has delivered the first batch of prototype of 
high-performance computing servers in the three and a half months' time, which makes us 
eligible for a significant contract for manufacturing a large number of high-performance 
computing servers under Atmanirbhar Bharat. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
These are India's first indigenized, developed, designed high performance computing servers 
and are likely to be the backbone of hyperscale datacentres, edge computing and whole set of 
industry applications. This delivery validates our strong execution, robust testing, and reliability 
setup. Our strong execution in the space have resulted in increased enquiries from global OEMs 
for possibly Make in India collaboration. 
We have also received our first order from the global medical player for supplying components 
for their cardiovascular division based in US. This marks an important milestone for us and 
reinforce our outline strategy of continuous expansion of customer base with focus on large 
accounts . 
One of the mega trends in the adoption of green technology for sustainability; I am very pleased 
to say that we have acquired a large key account in manufacturing of components for electric 
vehicles directly from the OEMs. In addition, we have done a transfer of technology with the 
European OEM in EV space, supercharger segment and have one sizable order to start with. 
Let me now spend a few minutes  talking about how we see the ESDM landscape shaping up in 
India and why it is important for players to take a larger role.  
India is witnessing an impact of global mega trends in 5G, datacenters, electronic vehicles, 
healthcare, artificial intelligence, and Industry 4.0. All this is creating huge opportunities for 
companies like Kaynes Technology. However, the supply chain has still not come up in India 
and we are dependent on component imports. I firmly believe development of local 
manufacturing ecosystem is way forward as it will be. 
Improve time to market/lead time, reduce component and logistics cost, save precious foreign 
exchange and making electronic products more affordable as overall cost of the ownership 
becomes more prominent. In view of the above and as a part of our overall strategy, Kaynes 
Technology has taken baby steps to get into semi-con packaging. This is an urgent need of the 
day and we would like to support government initiatives in developing and promoting the 
indigenous ecosystem of supply chain. 
I believe we need financially stronger multiple players to act as a catalyst to lead this 
transformation stage. This will not only remove bottlenecks around supply chain ecosystem, but 
also help the industry unleash its optimum potential, playing its part in the ecosystem, 
development will not only strengthen the fundamentals of the industry, but it will also create 
few large organizations which can be benchmarked to the best in the world. 
We have forwarded our proposal to Government of India for setting up an outsource 
semiconductor assembly and testing facility in Telangana and are awaiting for final approval. 
We will be sharing finer details of the project once we formally receive the approval for the 
same. We look forward to your continuous support as we embark on this journey ahead. 
With this, I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jairam Sampath, our CFO to take you through 
our financial performances. Thank you. Over to you, Jairam. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Rameshji. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us on the call. I am 
Jairam Sampath. I am the Whole-Time Director and CFO of Kaynes Technology. I will be 
presenting the financial performance of our company for the period ending 30th September 
2023. 
For the quarter ended 30th September 2023, our consolidated total revenue was INR3,608 
million, representing a 32% year-on-year growth. For the first half year ended September 2023, 
consolidated total revenues were INR6,580 million, representing 39% year-on-year growth. The 
consolidated EBITDA for the quarter was INR488 million, showing 13% year-on-year increase, 
while for the first half it was INR891 million, which was up 31%. The EBITDA margin for the 
quarter and half year stood at about 13.5%. 
Our consolidated profit after tax for the quarter was INR323 million, up 54% year-on-year, and 
for the first half it was INR570 million, up 83% year-on-year. PAT margin for the quarter stood 
at 9% and for the first half it was 8.7%. Based on our current order book, , we have guided for a 
revenue of INR1,700 crores to INR1,800 crores for the year and we are very confident of 
achieving this number. We expect EBITDA to recover during the second half of the year and 
expect it to close around 15% for FY '24 and PAT we are aiming for a double-digit percentage 
for FY '24. Net working capital at the end of September was at 119 days on an annualized basis, 
lower than 121 days, which was the number at the end of the previous quarter. 
Our inventory was higher as we have to make advance purchases keeping in mind the 
requirements of upcoming quarters. Our net debt at the end of the quarter stood at INR1,224 
million compared to INR972 million at the end of the previous quarter. Our ROE and ROCE 
adjusted for unutilized portion of the proceeds is at 20.4% and 22.4% respectively for the first 
half of FY ‘24. 
We continue to make progress in our expansion plans and continuously adding newer lines in 
our existing facility in Manesar, Mysore, Bengaluru, Chennai, which are expected to contribute 
towards enhanced production in the coming quarters. Additionally, on Chamarajanagar, we have 
operationalized a few lines and Alpha and Beta buildings work is almost completed. We have 
commenced production and business from Chamarajanagar. We expect full functionality of the 
new facility by the coming quarter. 
As you are all aware, Kaynes Technology has taken baby steps to get into the Semicon Assembly 
and packaging and has signed MOUs with state governments. Our first phase of Semicon 
Assembly is expected to come up in Telangana. We have submitted our formal proposal to the 
Government of India and are awaiting final approvals. We will be sharing finer details of the 
projects once we formally receive the approval for the same. We look forward to your continuous 
support on this journey ahead. 
With this, I would request all participants to come up… 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, our first question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Rahul Gajare: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen, and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, in this particular quarter, you 
had a margin of about 13.5%, which is similar to what you had in the first quarter also. You did 
guide for a 15% margin for the full year. I want to know from you, based on the order book that 
you have, what do you think is a sustainable margin in your business? And I remember you 
talking about looking at expanding the margin as exports pick-up. So in the existing order book, 
how much is export? So that's the first question. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Mr. Rahul, thank you. Thank you for attending the call. So as far as our guidance on margin 
growth, that is still intact. We still think that for the year, we will probably do more than 15% 
EBITDA margin. Now, coming to the specific question on why Q1 and Q2 are somewhat lower 
at 13.5%? 
In our business, what happens is whenever we on-board a new client, in the first few quarters, 
whether it is for prototyping work or whether it is for pilot lots, for the first few quarters, we 
probably incur the expenses and we probably don't get the kind of revenues we expect. So even 
when we are doing some trials, etcetera. The materials are bought at a little higher price. So this 
is the effect why you see margins a little bit depressed. But coming to the next quarter and the 
next, that is Q3 and Q4, we'll recover more than this. And we are confident to end the year with 
about 15 plus percent EBITDA. So that is the answer to your question, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Sorry to interrupt, Mr. Gajare. May we request you to re-join the question queue, 
please? Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Good afternoon, sir, and thank you for the opportunity. So you spoke about new client additions 
and servers, medical area, EVs, etcetera. So if you could just talk about what are their order 
sizes, what will be our wallet share, what is the kind of time frame that we have this order 
execution for? And alongside that, if you could also comment about where is the railway 
signalling, smart metering opportunity, defence, etcetera, also scaling up? What is the kind of 
uptake that we are seeing in those segments? Thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, thank you, Ms. Bhoomika, for attending the call. So with regards to your question on the 
medical and the IT front. As far as medical front is concerned, we on-boarded two clients 
actually from Europe. And these clients actually supply equipment which are related to the ICU 
and operating theatre and all that. So these clients are expected to grow in volume over time, 
and we expect to complete at least the initial pilot lots during this year. And for this product 
category, in India, we probably will be the exclusive production facility for this particular 
medical client. 
As far as the IT, high-performance servers, which Mr. Ramesh was mentioning, we have a large 
client in India. Like we said, we are supporting the national effort at creating the IT backbone. 
So we have kind of 50%-plus market share in this particular business. 
And then going forward to other areas going into the future, we are on-boarding a lot of new 
clients in the EV segment. And both, it's a richer client edition. It's not merely vehicle 
manufacturers, but also the charging infrastructure people, and also people who specialize in 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
component manufacturers specifically focused at EV. So you can see a lot of other developments 
happening in this area. And these are something which is value-accretive for us. These have 
been projects on which we have been working in the past for almost last two years. And they 
have now come around to giving us some good benefits. 
As far as railway signalling is concerned, I'm happy to tell you that railway signalling projects 
have taken off now. And the government is very serious in its investment proposal to upgrade 
all the -- both electronic interlocking as well as the train collision avoidance systems. And we 
have started seeing its effect on our order inflow, with the result that percentage of railway 
signalling was a tad-higher compared to the previous quarters. And we expect this to further go 
up in the coming quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid 
from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity, sir. I have two questions. First, you did 
mention of various DOTs being signed up for technology access on EV chargers, medical 
equipment, and other segments. So what is the kind of investment that we're targeting through 
this DOT fee route for the current year and next year? And also aligned with this, if you can also 
highlight or quantify, while entering into a high-computing server segment, as a high-margin 
business, in your view, what could be the scalability of revenues from this business coming over 
the next two years to three years? How large can this business vertical be in terms of our 
addressable  size  inmarket? 
Jairam Sampath: 
All right. Thank you, Ms. Renu. So as far as the technology for new EV products are concerned, 
there is no significant technology fee, excepting that they have come to us because we have 
capability to translate their design into proper manufacturing. And most of these, barring one 
particular company where we'll be exporting components for the EV, the remaining are aimed 
at Indian markets. So they were looking for manufacturers, and we've been working for over one 
year and 1.5 years. And these are significant projects. 
Until about last year, we had only a four-wheeler, major four-wheeler EV manufacturer as our 
client. Today, we not only have one four-wheeler, but two four-wheeler EV manufacturers, plus 
one two-wheeler EV manufacturer, and also one for EV charging infrastructure, which is aimed 
at commercial vehicles, and one EV components company. So going forward, you can look at it 
as a significant portion of our industrial EV revenues. And these are being at the early stage of 
business. These will be also with a reasonable profit margin. 
As far as HPC is concerned, we started with one major, let's say, server entity in India, 
government entity. And this is to support the IT backbone for the country. And after we 
completed our pilot lot to them, we were approved for future procurements. And obviously, 
these future procurement numbers are large, but we think that you will get significant, 1,000 of 
these kinds of servers each year going forward. 
Plus, on the back of it, a multinational company also, who wants to consider Indian companies 
to manufacture their servers in India. We are almost tying up with that company. And that will 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
also be a large company. So to give you a sense, going forward, IT, IoT, and aerospace and 
medical, all will probably be equal in terms of their composition in our portfolio. And these are 
all segments and also in railways, we have also acquired some two large contracts. 
So going forward, the good news is that the non-automotive sectors are increasing in their 
presence in our portfolio. Automotive sectors is growing as per the industry expectations. So all-
in-all, you will see going forward, a better margin also and better sales numbers too. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan 
from Ashika. Please go ahead. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations for the great set of numbers. Sir, my question is on margins being at a 
higher, superior place compared to our competitors. What makes us so differentiated? Are we 
low volume and high margin product? Or like only exports has been considered in this? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Kaushik, thank you for attending the call. Welcome to the call. So this, of course, we have 
discussed in the past too. This is our thesis. We don't know really too many details about our 
competitors. But suffice it to say that first is being present in all these sectors. That helps us. For 
instance, the early stage of our growth last three years came in automotive sector. But today we 
see the traction of sales coming in all other sectors. And they are obviously marginally superior 
in terms of their margin profile and so on. So that is one point, which sectors you are in. 
Second thing is we specialize in small volume, high-tech, high -- small to medium volume, high-
tech, high variety businesses. And so including things like, we have now been qualified for what 
is known as [Nod 5 0:24:24] for one of the premier space agencies in the country. So these are 
all very highly profitable businesses for us. And also it allows us to do a huge amount of service 
to the nation too. They are very high profitable. So we post along, especially in IT sector also, I 
talked about high performance computing. So we are not into commercial products. We are into 
servers and those kinds of products. So that also keeps the margin intact. 
And the other thing is all the products that we do are critical and complex. So with the new 
addition of what we call the assets, which are high-tech and new generation, we are able to take 
up more jobs which require higher complexity and higher technology to do. So these are the 
things, some things which keep our margin profile higher than some of the industry people. This 
is our view. Of course, you can confirm from them what their views are. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Thank you. With this, that means that we have guided for a total revenue of INR1,700 crores to 
INR1,800 crores. If I even assume INR1,700 crores and minus both the orders, both the quarters, 
I get around somewhere around per quarter I need to do INR521 crores, so INR522 crores. So 
in INR522 crores, if I need to make my overall year margins to reach around 15 percentage or 
greater than that, I need to get 16 percentage margins for the next two quarters? 
That means that in our next two quarters, our revenue is only coming from the non-automotive 
segment and majorly on export side. And that is the driver of the growth for the couple of two 
quarters, which leads us to get more than 15 percentage margins? 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Ramesh Kannan: 
If you go through our historical data, our historical data says that we do in the first half H1, we 
do 35% to 40% and H2 we do 65% to 60%. So with that, this achievable number is not a problem. 
Now coming to the EBITDA, it is possible because our EBITDAs have today come down 
because there are a lot of developmental projects which are not in full swing as well as in 
production. 
So unless those projects are converted to production, but without doing that, we will not be able 
to grow to the next level. So we need to do that and that is why there is a marginal reduction in 
our EBITDA, which will be taken care of in the coming two quarters. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Just adding to what Rameshji said, you are right, going forward in these two quarters, 
significantly higher EBITDA numbers are likely. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, basically I wanted to check on this order book, so what will be the EV revenue share for you 
currently in the current quarter and highlight for the order book also, what will be the share? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Mr. Siddhartha, good afternoon, welcome. Thank you for this question. See, typically on 
an yearly basis, we expect the EV revenues, which is part of industrial, to be about between 10% 
and 20%, okay. Because we are onboarding many more new clients, so that is the kind of number 
you can expect. 
So typically what will happen is into future, if we were to look into future, 30% will be 
automotive, industrial EV may be about 40%. Out of future, about between 10% and 20% will 
be EV. And then of course the remaining will be railway signalling, about 15 plus percent. You 
will have aerospace, defence, etcetera, sub 10%. Even medical will be sub 10%. Maybe IT, IoT 
will be another 10% or so. So this is the kind of number you can expect. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Our next question is from the line of Dhananjay from ASK Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Dhananjay: 
Yes. Sir, this quarter you all have done a fantastic job on the revenues, but just on the cash flow 
from operations, it's still negative. Any reason why inventory shot up and what could we do 
about that going ahead? Because, again, we'll have to raise money sooner than later? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. So thank you, Dhananjayji. Welcome to this call. A very relevant question. But rest assured, 
in this quarter, the temporary increase in inventory is due on account of some postponement of 
some of the business that we are doing with an existing customer. Plus, we are also stocking up 
for the significantly higher number of sales that we are doing in the coming quarter. 
And in terms of cash flow from operations, we expect from, like we have said earlier, and now, 
this year, obviously, it's a year of ramping up sales and so on. So there will be a little bit of 
tendency to consume cash in favour of inventories. But going forward, we will have certainly 
OCF EBITDA number coming up significantly. Maybe in a couple of years' time, we can see 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
the OCF EBITDA go between 30% to 50%. That's our target based on whatever internal 
planning that we have done. 
Dhananjay  
Sure. But then, for OCF EBITDA to be 30% to 50%, which part will see improvement? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, very good question. Inventory will see improvements because we are also, like we have 
described in the past, we are talking to our suppliers and also, we are improving our production 
cycles to avoid -- so coming back to where this improvement in OCF will come, primarily by 
continuing the inventory increases. 
So hopefully, by next year, we will have better supplier traction in terms of local stocking, 
etcetera, and also better-balanced production that we are having. And also, most of the 
businesses which are being onboarded now will get into regular production. So the impact of 
excess inventories on account of pilot lots, etcetera, will reduce. 
We are already on track to do better in terms of receivables. We have shown improvement in 
receivable days. And payables is something that we are keeping it steady. And at an appropriate 
time, we might extract some little comfort from there too. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Sumant 
Kumar from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Sumant Kumar: 
So for railway, what kind of opportunity, what opportunity we are getting from Vande Bharat or 
existing traditional business? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. Sumantji, again, welcome to this call. Essentially, there are three different businesses that 
are in railways where we can apply. One is called electronic interlocking, which is the one which 
is driving our current increase in sales. This is the traditional solid state interlocking business. 
And then there are two other businesses like Vande Bharat. So at this point in time, that is not 
driving the revenues. But of course, we are preparing some production for Vande Bharat too. 
And the third part is, of course, the Kavach program for which we are also diligently applying 
ourselves and working with the railway authorities to develop our solution for Kavach. So 
currently, it is electronic interlocking which is driving our revenues up. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh B.: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Just one simple question. I think it was mentioned that 
usually in the first half of the year, you do 30% to 35% kind of revenues. And second half, you 
do 60% to 65% kind of revenues. Now, if I go by that number, and I assume, let's say, 30% to 
35%, your first half number is roughly INR658 crores. 
And based on that, if I assume 35% has been done, it means you should do 18.1 billion for the 
full year. And if I assume like you've done only 30%, then it should be 21 billion. So is my 
assumption correct that actually you can do between 18 to 21 billion, and your guidance of 17 
to 18 billion is actually conservative? 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, let me put it this way. 17 to 18 billion is definitely realistic guidance, and we'd love to do 
anything more. This will be known more surely when we talk about it in the third quarter call. 
Because by that time, we would have completed bulk of the INR1,700 crores to INR1,800 crores 
worth of work. 
But there are definitely possibilities to increase it better. It completely depends on our Q3, how 
much we are able to complete. Because as we go forward, the amount of production to be done 
on a daily basis increased tremendously. So yes, 1800 is a realistic number. Beyond that, we will 
confirm in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. Our next question is from the line of Navid Virani from Bastion Research, please 
go ahead. 
Navid Virani: 
So, sir, I just wanted to have a clarification on this OSAT facility. So currently we have a couple 
of MOUs signed, one with the Telangana government and one with the Karnataka government, 
right? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes. 
Navid Virani: 
And in the opening remarks, you said that the Phase 1 of this OSAT facility will come in 
Telangana. So are we planning to have a multi-geographic presence in terms of OSAT 
manufacturing? Is that the right way to look at it? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. We are going to have Phase 1 in Telangana. Phase 2 will be coming up in Karnataka. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Karan from Niveshaay. Please go ahead. 
Karan: 
So my question was, we have experienced an increase in short-term borrowings. It has almost 
doubled in this quarter if you compared to March 23. So can we see a similar increase in 
borrowings as we scale up the business? And what would be the sustainable debt to equity that 
we will be targeting as a company at a consolidated level? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. So, Karanji, it's a good question. We are also kind of working out. We want a healthy 
debt-equity ratio going forward. But at this point in time, whatever increases that you see is due 
to the temporary increases in inventories that we see on account of certain things that we talked 
about. So we will like to keep the debt equity at a reasonable number, not too low, not too high, 
so that it gives us the advantage of a proper leverage. At the same time, it does not burden the 
company with interest burdens beyond our capacity to further invest free cash flows. So we are 
working on that mix. Maybe we'll implement it in the coming year in some way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just want to understand at current what is the utilization of 
our existing plant and all the proposed expansions that you mentioned, timelines for the 
commissioning and basically what quantum of capex is being done in those facilities and the 
revenue potential? That is the first question. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you, Keyurji, for attending the call. So as far as the capacity utilization is concerned, 
obviously going forward into the third quarter and fourth quarter, our capacity utilizations are 
going to go up. The good news is that we are going to operationalize the Chamarajanagar facility 
fully based on the objects of whatever money that we had raised. 
So we will roughly have more capacity than what probably we will do sales on a run rate basis. 
So the timeline for this is that in this quarter, that is Q3, the beta building will be completely 
operationalized in terms of machines and all that. And the third building also will be ready in 
terms of the structure. And by the end of the year, we will have the entire Chamaraj facility firing 
on all cylinders. 
So at that point in time, if you ask me, after installing all the machines, if you take FY'24 numbers 
as a guideline, about 60%, 70% of capacity utilization will be there. But never mind, because 
going to FY'25, again, there will be further growth. So I think we are well poised for FY'25 
numbers too. By the end of this year, we will have enough capacity to deal with FY'25 numbers 
also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Piyush Khandelwal from Bank Of India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Khandelwal: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand a little bit on this profitability side. If I 
see our mix, which is on the letter box build side, a box build disk half, which is the first half 
contributed roughly around 40%, versus 29% in the previous half. Sir, my question is primarily 
on the profitability side. Well, I understand on the EBITDA margin side, the reasons that you 
have stated on the lower EBITDA margins in the first half. But if I look at the gross margins, it 
is also down 55 basis points on a Y-o-Y basis, despite our box builds are increasing, which is 
40% in the first half, FY'24 versus 29% in the first half, FY'23. So just trying to understand this 
mix change and not reflecting on the gross margin side as well? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Piyushji, again a very insightful question. So essentially whenever we onboard a new 
customer, so obviously you can conclude that we have some new customer for whom we are 
doing box build this quarter. So when we start the business with any new customer, in the initial 
lots, the cost of materials are higher and our economies don't come in because we have not fixed 
the supply chain. But a couple of quarters later, this whole margin goes up. 
So the simple explanation for that is having onboarded box build more this year, it will help us 
to get margins in the future. As far as the current two quarters, first and second quarter numbers 
are lower, especially second quarter you can see box build is higher. That's because of the initial 
stage of production. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rajesh Vora from Jainmay Venture. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Good afternoon. Congrats on a decent set of numbers. Rameshji, if you could give a broad idea 
about the company's rationale to enter into this new area of OSAT and PCB. And how will that 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
change the complexion of the company over the next three, four, five years? And this being a 
new area, what are the challenges you foresee and how do you manage them? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
See, your question consists of three points. So let me talk about OSAT first. OSAT, the 
challenges which I am anticipating is to build up skills in India, to build up a team in India, 
because so far only very low-end OSAT has been done. And what semicon we are planning, we 
are planning little mid-size and higher end. So we definitely will have to bring some expatriates 
from outside. And as well as we have also identified skillset who will come here, train our 
people, and build a team. This will take one year. 
 
Second is the entire material which goes into the assembly and test consumables will have to be 
imported. We don't have an ecosystem today in India. I'm sure once many companies come in, 
this will also be there. And today there is a good ecosystem available in Malaysia, Taiwan, as 
well as in China. Secondly, we are entering into PCB. We want to make all items which are 
related to our electronics and our assembly business. 
If you look at, if we can create all the three ecosystems in India, we'll become a large player in 
the EMS, and most of the customer supplier relationship consists of this. So that is one reason 
we wanted to enter into this business. 
In PCB also, we are not going to make the conventional PCB. We are planning to make HDI, 
which a very small quantity is done by AT&S in Mysuru. So we want to enter, our factory will 
be around 60% to 70% HDI, and multi-layers with around 40%. So we'll become a company 
which is making only high-tech, high-mix, mid-size volume. We will not be a commodity 
company. And that is our vision, and that is why we are entering into these three fields. So all 
these three put together on a consolidated level, our margins, I am expecting anything between 
18% to 20%. 
 
Today, if I enter into the conventional, double-sided PCB, single-sided PCB, there are enough 
players in the market, and their margins are very lower. So we need to go to the high-end, 3x3 
mil, 2.5x3 mil, and something like that which the very high-end market wants. And that is where 
pricing is also possible. I hope I have answered your question, Rajeshji. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We move to the next question. Our next question is from the line of Aniruddh 
Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddh Joshi: 
Yes, sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, we have added multiple clients recently, so just wanted 
to understand whether the working capital requirements of the new customers are also similar, 
that is around 113 days, or they are lower or higher than that. And secondly, in current quarter, 
or H1, if you can indicate the PLI amount that has been booked, if any. Yes, thank you. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, thank you. So as far as the working capital profile is concerned, the customers that we are 
onboarding are very similar to what we have already. The only difference is that now we have 
become a little more learned and intelligent about receivables and all that. So whenever we are 
onboarding clients, we are taking advantage of either supply chain finance or some kind of 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
factoring facility, so that the burden on receivables comes down. To that extent, we are 
benefiting in terms of working capital. So that is a very important difference. 
As far as PLI is concerned, we have received two PLIs and one is under consideration. The PLI 
that we have received earlier is Telecom and White Goods Electronics, on which we are working. 
And right now we have not realized huge numbers here. 
They are still in the works, and we have time until the end of this year to start off the activities. 
And we do have some active collaborations happening, both in Telecom as well as in the White 
Goods Electronics. As far as IT PLI is concerned, we were talking about the three PLIs. 
The first two PLIs, what we have received is for White Goods Electronics as well as for Telecom, 
in which we are in advanced stages of working with collaborators and so on. And by the end of 
this year, we'll start sporting some revenues. No major claims have been made by us under this 
PLI. 
The third PLI, which is the IT PLI, for which we are shortly getting the approval, we will have 
some significant business going through this PLI in the second half of the year, especially given 
that we are qualified for this high-performance computing  server supply. And there are also 
some multinational companies which are tying-up with us. So you can expect some action in the 
second half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Meet Jain: 
Yes. Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to get your export mix in order book and 
the revenue. And on the margin front, how we see the export margins as compared to the 
domestic one? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Export margins. There are three products that we export. To Europe, it's an industrial product, 
which is actually in the HVAC area. To UK, we do railway signalling exports. And to US, we 
again do industrial instrumentation. So we expect in the second half, the business on the railway 
signalling to go up. So we think that the margins for exports will go up in the second half. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life 
Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thanks for the opportunity again. I just want the clarification, whatever you can disclose 
regarding the OSAT. The tentative timeline for the first phase, what steps would be required, as 
you mentioned, that need some help from the tech partners. So what kind of timeline should we 
expect? And have you already committed or have done some capex or opex for this project 
already? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, I'll answer. So the project has been approved by our Board and we have acquired the land 
for the Phase I in Telangana. That's also published in the news items. We acquired 46 acres of 
land in Telangana near Hyderabad airport. Now, as far as the project timelines are concerned, 
we expect by end of this year, FY '24, we should have commissioned the first line and be ready 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
for starting the trials for all the customers. We have signed MOUs with, to my knowledge, about 
three customers already, Semicon players. 
And so by the first half of FY '25, we would have completed the trials. And by the end of FY 
'25, we would have commenced, what is known as commercial production. So from this, 
assuming from today, about one and a half years' time, we would have commenced regular 
production of this. And then within two years, we would have also installed the final quantum 
of lines. We are expecting to totally install 12 lines in the OSAT. The first line would have been 
there after six months. And thereafter, once we get approvals from our customers, we'll gradually 
add the capex. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Haitong Securities. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thanks for the follow-up, sir. Sir, could you tell me how much is exports in the total order book 
right now? And the breakup of that between ODM, OEM, and Box built. And also, given you've 
laid down your tentative plan for the OSAT, when is the likely fund raise for this that you all are 
planning? That's it. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Okay. As far as export percentage of our order book is concerned, it's around 15%. And going 
forward, this is expected to remain similar. There is more traction in the domestic market. About 
the OSAT and fund raise, etcetera, we'll come back to you appropriately. Yesterday only, the 
Board has approved the project. 
And we have to now discuss about the possible fund raises, which could be equity, debt, or any 
other means. And very shortly, maybe for the next several weeks, we'll come back with the plan. 
And obviously, I don't want to sound futuristic, so I will reserve my comments at this point in 
time. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Yes, sir, most of my questions have been answered. Just a small query. If you look at the order 
backlog today that we have, almost INR3,500 crores. And entry into categories like high-
computing IT hardware servers, which are high-value in nature. Does that also mean that next 
year, the inflows would be much stronger given the average run rate? And we can probably have 
almost a one, one-and-a-half-time book-to-bill with a similar INR3,000 crores kind of backlog? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, Renuji, you are right. As we go forward, some of the bigger deals that we are actually 
working this year should also come to fruition. And what we are witnessing now is, like so far 
since the last year, it was kind of expected revenues that we were talking about and so on. This 
is -- now we are working on a lot of these kinds of deals, and some of them are large-ish in 
nature. So, yes, book-to-bill will be 1.5x, certainly. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Raghunatan, who is an investor. Please go 
ahead. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Raghunatan: 
Sir, thank you for giving me this opportunity. There are two OSAT facilities, one in Telangana 
and the other one in Karnataka. Why not in one place, sir? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Why not in? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Why not only in one place? 
Raghunatan: 
Yes. 
Jairam Sampath: 
So it's also… Okay, let me put it this way. OSAT is a business driven by the semiconductor 
companies, okay? So we do expect that some companies may insist. We don't know. But they 
may insist on having it. Yes, so we are continuing with two, and we don't know in the future, 
they may be more required. 
So at this point in time, we are talking about and PCB assembly plants also we are contemplating 
in two states. EMS also is going forward will be in several states. The reason is, as far as Semicon 
is concerned, in the beginning stage, obviously we will have a few of customers, but at some 
point, in time, we are likely to get some large deal. 
And they may expect an exclusive facility, and they may not like to share that facility with 
somebody else. So that is the reason why we are giving all. Raghunatan, I think what we are 
saying is that two different states, because two different facilities for the simple reason that, 
some customers may require an exclusivity and certain customers may not go. 
And we may also segment this activity. This is not just semiconductor assembly, but also 
compound semiconductor too. And we have actually planned for certain higher-end and high-
tech activities. So that's why second phase we are saying, we'll do it in Karnataka. 
And also, we want to evenly keep our manufacturing facilities across several states, because 
India is an upcoming market. And so going forward you will see us starting not only OSAT and 
PCB in two states, but also EMS in several other states. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
And our unit 2 on OSAT is on optics. So these are two different plants altogether, though they 
belong to semiconductor sector. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Is that clear, sir? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Raghunatan, sir? 
Jairam Sampath: 
Yes, sir. Did you hear what we explained just now, sir? 
Raghunatan: 
Yes, I heard it completely. Thank you for your answer, sir. But I have a request. During the last 
con call also we faced this audio problem frequently. It is affecting the flow of the con call itself, 
sir. We are losing track of what is being asked and what is being answered. Can you please fix 
up this problem at least in the next con call? 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Our apologies, we will get it fixed, sir. 

 
 
 
Kaynes Technology India Limited
 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Raghunatan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer 
session. I would now like to hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Jairam Sampath: 
So thank you everybody for attending this earnings call. And we had quite insightful questions. 
And I hope our answers are satisfying to you in some manner. And we always stand by and give 
you any more clarifications. You can reach out to Neerajji or me or anyone else. And then we 
can have a short call to explain some more details. Thank you very much again for attending this 
call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of PhilipsCapital India Private Limited, that concludes this conference 
call. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
Jairam Sampath: 
Thank you. 
Ramesh Kannan: 
Thank you, everyone. 
