                                                               
 
 
HEIL/SE-60/2023-24 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
To,
To,
The Manager (Listing), 
The Manager (Listing), 
The BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze  Jeejeebhoy  Towers,
"Exchange Plaza", C-l, Block - G,
Dalal Street, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Script Code No. : 543600 
Symbol : HARSHA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub   :     Transcript of Earning Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023  
Ref   :     Regulation   30   of   SEBI   (Listing   Obligations   and   Disclosure   Requirements) 
                Regulations, 2015 
 
With reference to subject matter and pursuant to regulation 30 of the SEBI ((Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the earning call for 
the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 conducted after the meeting of Board of 
Directors held on November 7,p 2023. 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.harshaengineers.com 
You are requested to take the same on your record. 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (Formerly Known as Harsha 
Engineers International Private Limited and Harsha Abakus Solar Private Limited) 
 
 
 
Kiran Mohanty 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
MEM NO. : F9907 
 
Kiran Kumar 
Mohanty
Digitally signed by Kiran Kumar Mohanty 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7613, 
2.5.4.20=b85b3e76e0dadd564619fa94c1b306d1a94b31
9885df6fffee2134a3b7ff9485, postalCode=390010, 
st=Gujarat, 
serialNumber=033b12d75ce929aa7a80b3cdff91c6bc9d
a1bcd13756846bbefb9bd9232e6c2c, cn=Kiran Kumar 
Mohanty 
Date: 2023.11.10 16:12:19 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Harsha Engineers International Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Analyst and Investors Conference Call” 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL RANGWALA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – HARSHA 
ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MR. MAULIK JASANI – VICE PRESIDENT AND GROUP 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – HARSHA ENGINEERS 
INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY MAJMUDAR – STRATEGIC ADVISOR – 
HARSHA ENGINEERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Harsha Engineers International Limited Q2 
FY '24 Analyst and Investors Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala, CEO and Whole-Time Director from 
Harsha Engineers International Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Thank you, and good afternoon to all. Thank you for joining our quarter 2 FY 2024 Investor 
Call. As per the normal practice, Maulik will talk us through more details about the numbers 
after I talk about general update on the quarter. However, I'm presuming that you would have 
got a chance to go through the same. 
 
At the outset, I must admit that this quarter, the number look a little disappointing both from 
point of view of top line as well as the bottom line. However, let me assure you that while Q2 
numbers are not up to the mark, we expect much better overall annual numbers for FY '24, and 
we should be back on normal growth track from financial year 2025 onwards. 
 
Let me deep dive a little bit on both the negative as well as positive factors. First, if we talk about 
Romania as well as China, the situation continues to remain adverse from demand standpoint. 
In Romania, second quarter, we have seen even the demand for industrial products going down 
quite a bit. It has an impact -- this has impacted the takeoff from our key Romania customer on 
the semi-finished fasting as well as case side. 
 
Quite obviously, owing to the impact of fixed overhead, there is a sharp negative impact on the 
bottom line. However, on the positive side, we expect the demand of wind turbine in Europe to 
revise from quarter 4 as of this financial year, which should see a significant improvement in 
second half numbers for Romania and that should offset to a large extent negative results of first 
half. But I'm afraid the year-end position in Romania may still be negative to much reduced 
level. 
 
Now if you look at China, we had a typical problem in Q2 in line with overall softening of 
Chinese market, the offtake of cage from our key global customers who are operating their plants 
in China was also at normally low levels. However, we are in constant touch with these 
customers. And from the early signs that we are getting, we are quite positive that the situation 
will start improving from quarter 3 and will reach to a normal level in quarter 4, 2024 -- FY 
2024. Thus, the negative position at the end of the year from China will also somewhat be 
neutralized. 
 
Now talking about India and engineering business. This is continue to operate at approximate 
normal level. However, there is a mild dip in offtake partly on account of Europe and Chinese 
demand slowdown. And partly on the fact that even the Indian demand for industry was a little 
soft in quarter 2. However, in India, we are continuing to work on several outsourcing and 
development opportunities. 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
First, the new product development activity continue to be more or less same pace at which we 
believe -- that will help us get us back into a growth trajectory and giving us a much better 
visibility medium to long-term perspective. Similarly, if we talk about Bushings, we are 
anticipating a decent revival in demand for Bushings from quarter 4 onwards. Same is the 
situation for large size Bearing Cages as well as increasing wallet share from our Japan-based 
customers. 
 
Thus in India, we are -- we definitely see an improved performance in second half of financial 
year 2024. And this coupled with much improved performance at Romania and China level 
should help us reaching quite close to last year's performance. So I'm afraid there will be a slight 
degrowth in financial year 2024 as compared to financial year 2023. 
 
As I had indicated in quarter 1 call, while this year was practically gone, FY 2025 will be much 
more promising, and we should be back on track firing on all cylinders. Further, we have frozen 
our Phase 1 of a greenfield capex plan for creating additional capacities of Bushing as well as 
large size bearing cages, which we plan to commission by October 2024. I wish to express my 
sincere thanks to all the investors for continuing to extend their support and confidence in our 
long-term growth story. And I wish you a very happy Diwali and bright prosperous New Year 
in advance. 
 
Thank you. Over to you, Maulik. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Hello, everyone, and good afternoon. Thank you, Vishal, for the business update. As you would 
have observed for the quarter ended September 23, for engineering business at consolidated 
level, we have achieved a top line of INR298 crores against a top line of INR331 crores in 
immediately previous quarter and against INR318 crores top line in the same quarter last year. 
At a consolidated level, our EBITDA is of INR40.5 crores in quarter 2 against INR48.8 crores 
in the previous quarter and INR51.5 crores in the last year quarter 2. Major impacts on account 
of the weaker export demand, operational cost increase and the inputs by Vishal. 
 
The company has incurred a capex of INR26.4 crores in quarter 2 at consolidated level, which 
includes capex of INR5.3 crores from IPO use plan. In Solar Division, we have achieved 
EBITDA of INR1.4 crores in quarter 2, while overall working capital cycle at consolidated level 
remain at 134 days against 143 days in the last year's same quarter. 
 
I wish you all a very happy Diwali and bright prosperous New Year in advance. With this brief 
on the financial numbers, I hand it over the call to operator to take up the Q&A one by one. 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. Mr. Amit, may I request you to unmute your line from your side, please. 
Amit Anwani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. My first question is on the subsidiaries, the Romania and 
China. Obviously, we have been hoping of a revival in the subsidiaries with ultimate product 
mix. We went into at high energy cost in Europe. And we're trying our best. What would be the 
margin level , if at all, there is a turnaround in FY '25 for these subsidiaries. And Second thing, 
I wanted to understand the high energy costs, which we were facing, what is the status there with 
respect to utilization, the finished product and Vishal highlighted on the slower demand for the 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
industrial side from there. Just 1 more clarity on the performance in Romania, what is 
happening? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. Good afternoon Amit. So primarily, when it comes to energy prices, we have received I 
would say a very adequate compensation from our customer for that escalation and we are very 
thankful for our customer. And that's the kind of close relationship we work with our customers 
on. Having said that, at 26% degrowth in a single quarter becomes a very challenging situation 
for us to deal with and turn it around positively, very like double-digit degrowth is similar in 
China as well. 
 
So that being the background, we still remain very positive of about both China and Romania. 
Having said that, we are also mindful of where we are, what are the different factors going into 
this situation. And we are, again, fairly confident of revival, but we are closely watching the 
situation. 
 
Now when it comes to -- I think one of your question was related to industrial product yes, 
definitely, we are seeing a macro slowdown, specifically in European region and China. We're 
seeing that in quarter 2 at least and still feeling positive that this situation will improve and is 
improving in the positive path right now, when it comes to product mix, yes, I think it remains 
very similar to a large quarter for us. In Romania, I think about 80% plus is semi-finished product 
and about less than 20% is a finished product cages. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
So just quickly to add to what Vishal say, this is Sanjay here. So there are 2 scenarios. One is 
the little optimism, which all management would have generally in this situation that things 
should start looking up, particularly from the wind side in Europe in Q4. This is one very, very 
hopeful sign that we are getting from our local Romanian team, and we are we are really hoping 
that they should start reviving the fortunes of Romania that look from Q4. 
 
Having said that, we are very mindful as Vishal said to also look at the cost structure that is more 
in our control rather than just the demand part, and we'll try to minimize that cost to the extent 
possible. However, very honestly, given the fact that Romania as well as China has a very strong 
strategic roles to play. I think as a management, we have taken the call to wait for at least a 
couple of more quarters and then take a final call, but we are very optimistic that by next year, 
at least, there should not be any loss at both the subsidiary level. 
 
We should partly compensate the high-cost mile cost reduction exercise that we have initiated. 
And secondly, we are hopeful that there is some demand will revive and we will definitely be 
about breakeven. Now, frankly, it is very difficult for us to predict that what could be a probable 
EBITDA next year in both the subsidiaries. But surely we will share as we get a little more 
enlightened. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, sir. Sir, next question on the capex plan. So how much would be the amount? And this will 
increase the bushing capacity by how much, what is the current status if you would like to 
highlight more on the capex plan. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, yes, right now what we are calling it as a Phase 1 investment plan for our third site. Basically, 
we are planning to invest about approximately INR120 crores into this. Now a big chunk of this 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
will go into primarily the land and building. And with that, we are planning to increase Bushing 
capacity by further about INR80 crores, INR90 crores to begin with this foundation or 
infrastructure in place to take it further from there. So that's Phase 1 plan for us. 
Management: 
And INR80 crores, INR90 crores is will be additional incremental top line expected out of them. 
And then a little bit more from large size baring cages also. Thank you. 
Amit Anwani: 
Right. So how much was the contribution this quarter for bushings? 
Management: 
Sorry. Can you say that again? 
Amit Anwani: 
How much revenue contribution from Bushings this quarter in H1? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I think H1 was, I think, 20 -- approximately INR20 crores. And we have, I think, in the last call, 
shared that we are expecting the Bushing to hit the number of around INR40 crores, INR45 
crores, somewhere in there for the year, and we are on track for that when it comes to Bushing. 
Amit Anwani: 
So now with this capex, we are actually targeting INR140 crores, INR150 crores peak revenue. 
Am I getting it right? Maybe next year? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
At least, actually, even further because what we have installed capacity, we can take it further. 
And then what this investment we are initiating. This will actually, as I mentioned, or we have 
shared that we will kick in, the productionization will happen in almost third quarter FY '25. So 
we see almost a one-year time frame to install this. And by that, we are expecting this. On various 
discussions with our customer, a significant increase in demand on the Bushing side. 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Thank you very much for the opportunity, sir. My first question is on the stand-alone revenues. 
I see we have grown by almost 11% Y-o-Y in this quarter. Could you give some sense on how 
the volumes have inched up and how the pricing has behaved in this particular quarter? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So Harshit, I think maybe some clarification needed. You are correct, we have grown 11% 
to Y-o-Y on this. However, our this Y-o-Y growth is looking like this because of the solar area 
growth, which has grown significantly. If we just look at the stand-alone engineering segment, 
we are actually about, I would say, 4% to 5% de-growth approximately for this quarter. And the 
rest of the growth reason you are seeing is because a very favorable solar policy or a renewable 
policy released by government. That has given a good top line boost to our solar division. That's 
what is resulting in positive numbers for year-over-year as well as quarter-over-quarter for stand 
alone. 
Harshit Patel: 
So sir, within this 5% de-growth in the core engineering revenues, I mean how would the 
volumes have grown, I think the negative impact would be mainly on the pricing trend? 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Correct. So primarily volumes are somewhat flat. We are somewhat impacted on volumes and 
some of our supplies to Europe and China. However, overall, that is countered by positive 
demand on the Americas and India side. So net-net, we see roughly flat with some de-growth on 
the sub segments, which we are supplying into Europe or China. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sir, my second question is on the Japanese customers. I think you had grown very 
nicely in the last quarter as well, I believe, is high double digit on Q-o-Q basis. Even in FY '23, 
we had posted some INR60 crores of revenues, one with Japan-based customers. Could you 
highlight how our performance has been in the first half of FY ’24? The quantum of revenues 
we would have done, how we have grown some incremental wallet share we would have gained 
from these customers? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So if I look at first half, we have grown almost 18%, 20%. Now this is not really very optimal 
right now from our point of view. I've been talking about, this should be a growth in terms of 
30% or around that. So from that point of view, a little bit softer than what we would anticipate. 
Having said that, I'm very positive from a long-term and mid-term point of view because the 
new order wins, the product approvals, which we are going through with these customers gives 
me a very positive hope or positive feeling about this percentage change, this will turn around 
much quicker. And hopefully, we'll see a much faster growth on that. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood. Sir, just a last question on the ramp-up in the localization initiatives by our 
customers. So do you see any change in the outlook special in the last three months to four 
months? I mean, usually, what we have seen across companies is that there has been a little bit 
of softness in the Indian bearings market. I mean the growth rates have not been as high as what 
we would have expected less than last year. So has there been any change, any slowness in the 
overall localization plans by the customers or everything is moving as per drag, and we will 
benefit hugely, especially from fourth quarter or the next year onwards in the volume terms? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So from our customer plan and execution and macro plan point of view, we don't see any 
changes. Actually, we are seeing some of them making even faster progress than anticipated. So 
some of the localization projects that you mentioned, we believe that they are on track or better. 
However, we see that all our customers who whoever was part of their business was export 
driven that has seen some impact. And we are seeing slightly softer demand for those kind of 
business or those kind of product. So we see some impact from our customer on a short-term 
basis. They remain very bullish on mid to long term, continue to roll out the various projects and 
continue to do the product development process so that they are back on -- they are on track with 
long-term plans. 
Harshit Patel: 
Understood, sir. Thank you very much for answering my question. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jason Soans from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Jason Soans: 
Thanks for taking my question. So my first question would be that when you look on a 
consolidated basis, our gross margin in this quarter has dropped to 42% where usual run rate 
historically is around 46% to 48%. And I remember in Q1, you had booked somewhat of a forex 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
loss up to a quantum of INR24 million or so, in COGS. So anything similar in this quarter as 
well? Or what are the right reasons for looking at a drop in these gross margins? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Hi, Jason, Maulik this side. One reason, as you rightly said, there is an impact on consolidation 
of forex. but that is not as high as it was there in the quarter 1 -- in the quarter 2. And second 
reason is pass-through has triggered in the quarter 2. So quarter 1, we were procuring at a low 
rate compared to that quarter 2 pass through has happened to the customer. So that’s why that 
has dropped. 
 
So that is the second reason. And there has also been some reason on account of liquidating our 
some inventories as operational effectiveness, you see that we have reduced our inventory level, 
and we have liquidated some of the inventories, including re-melting them as and when required. 
So these are the major reasons on reducing the overall gross margin. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, but Maulik, just could you explain this liquidation and the pass-through which you just 
mentioned. Could you just throw some more color on that? 
Maulik Jasani: 
On pass through, it is like in the last quarter, we were just buying at a low rate and supplying at 
the previous quarter rate. Starting from first pricing pass-through has happened. So my raw 
material rate and selling rate hasn't been at par. And there is no significant reduction in this 
quarter to the raw material rate compared to the previous quarter. So that a margin percentage 
impacted. Liquidation in the inventories are of non-moving material given to a furnace, so we 
re-melt the material. And once we re-melt, there is an impact on account of our conversion cost. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. And the forex, by any chance, would you like to give the amount? What is this in this 
quarter? The forex loss? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Very difficult. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay, sir. And my next question would be, I just wanted to know, I mean, similarly by the capex 
plans you're pretty positive on the Bushing segment. Now I just wanted to know, of course, I 
know the primary application of its portion to gear boxes. So I just wanted to know, if that's the 
primary applications. Are there any other users of the Bushing? Or is that only the primary 
application? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So on the bushings which we make as of now as a primary applications to the wheel gear box. 
Bushings per se, has a multiple users for the product which we size manufacturing in the primary 
going to the wheel gear box application. Sorry, I'm going back to your previous question, Jason. 
One more reason is we are looking to the numbers along with the Solar numbers, then you can 
see that Solar business has grown significantly in the last quarter. And the Solar business has a 
high raw material cost, almost 75% to 80% case-to-case basis. So that is also reducing the overall 
RMC percentage. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure. Okay. That's helpful. Yes, that makes sense. Okay. Sir, just one question. I mean you did 
speak about Romania and Europe slowdown, it will take time to recover. So I just wanted to 
know, in terms from a China perspective, how are you looking at the situation on the ground? I 
mean, we hear a lot of commentary in terms of the real estate slowdown and a marked slowdown 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
in China. But the government is taking a lot of initiatives towards like cutting interest rates and 
easing financing conditions, propping up the real estate cycle as well there. And basically 
looking to push growth there in the economy. Now how do you see this China situation play out 
for you as a business, considering it's important for you? So just if you could throw some color 
on the demand from China, specifically? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Yes. So see, we -- what we hear commentary out there. I think we have seen a very strong and 
life impact of that in quarter 2 on our order book, and there was a significant demand reduction 
which has happened in quarter 2. And we are also hearing some positive actions run by 
government, and we are seeing some positive signs on that. Too early to definitely say exactly 
where it's going, but we are very hopeful. We are constantly talking to our customers to figure 
out what's -- where it is going? What's the right level? And so on. 
So we are right now very hopeful of turnaround and seeing some positive sign but can't predict. 
And what that for us means from a business point of view, yes, we need to rescale the business 
if that's the economic and the order book is going to be at that level, then that's what we need to 
do or and/or look at how we can appropriately approach China business, which actually includes 
product going from India to China as well as what we are making in China and supplying to 
China. So that's how we are looking at it as a holistic picture. 
Jason Soans: 
Sure, sir, sure. And sir, if I heard it correctly, you said that this INR120 crores new facility, the 
majority of that capex will be towards bushings and some towards large size bearing cages and 
some towards stamping, is that right? So more of the capex is towards the bushings segment 
right? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So I would correct. You're fairly correct. However, big chunk of this INR120 crores, what 
we are doing is going towards land and building, which has an infrastructure would be used over 
multiple investment cycle. So I mean, I would say, a big chunk is of foundational infrastructure 
but then you're correct. Within these three Bushing is the biggest investment. 
Jason Soans: 
Okay. And sir, just one last... 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
We have announced this will go over in phases. So this is just the first phase. But as Vishal 
explained the land and building will have to provide for utility blocks and everything to cover 
all the phases. 
Jason Soans: 
Yes. Sure. And sir, just one last thing. You just said that in terms of your bearing demand per 
our bearing customers, of course, long-term picture is positive. But there is some -- in the near 
term, there is some softness towards export side, right? That's right, right? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. From India, yes. 
Jason Soans: 
From India, there is some softness in the exports side. Sure. That's all from my side, sir. Thank 
you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dinesh Ramineedi, who is an investor. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Dinesh Ramineedi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity sir. My first question is on capex effect we previously announced 
in the wind Solar project side. So recently looking at the numbers we set looking at orders which 
have been received by the companies which are performing in the Energy segment are -- we can 
see somewhat big costs being impacted by the company, operating in the energy segment side. 
So can we expect that going ahead, the Bushing segment of our company can perform better as 
the orders which are being taken by the other companies which are operating in wind energy? 
Management: 
Yes. So yes, we expect our order book to improve on a mid to long-term, specifically on the 
energy side and bushing side. Obviously, what -- when it comes to Busing, what we do is we 
cater to global demand out of India. So India market is definitely improving. There is some 
indication on other markets improving. However, once the global market improves, we will 
definitely see some positive signs of that in our order book when it comes to bushings. 
Dinesh Ramineedi: 
Okay, sir. Got it, sir. And my second question is on the railway capacities are currently 
happening in India. So these company also present in railway capex -- currently going on or 
there won't be any benefit from the railway capex to our company? Because mostly the products 
which share the company's manufacturers are all majorly using the railway segment tools? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So Dinesh, I'm sorry, I didn't understand your question fully. However, I understand you're 
talking about railway segment. In the railway, we are seeing a very positive order book 
significantly growing there to the railway, we are supplying multiple products, including bearing 
cages, made with steel, brass, plastic as well as the steels insert. So variety of products we are 
supplying and we are seeing a significant growth with them. And adding a lot of products in that 
segment with support of our customers. So we are seeing good demand there. And hopefully, 
that will continue going forward. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Just to add in cages we have, I would say almost 100% market share for the railway segment 
who serve could be the manufacturer of the bearings. 
Dinesh Ramineedi: 
Okay, got it, sir. Just one last question, sir. Previously, when the Japanese deal has happened, 
the company has guided, the management has guided that the deal will bring about 40% to 50% 
current growth. So, are we still on track with the same numbers, sir? 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
No. See, as Vishal explained in the previous question, this year, the Japanese sales to Japanese 
customers in H1 has grown by 17%, 18%. Having said that, we are seeing a lot of new orders 
floating in. So we should see a decent growth. A bit early to predict exactly what percent, but 
yes definitely a decent growth and that trend will continue. But as the base changes, see, I may 
not be able to grow every year, 50%, 60% as my sales keeps on growing. But it will be much, 
much more aggressive than the normal overall growth rate of the company. 
Dinesh Ramineedi: 
Okay, sir, got it, sir. Thank you, sir. That's it for now. 
Sanjay Majmundar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Hemang Kotadia from Anvil. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Hemang Kotadia: 
Yes, I have a question on the precision components business. So, what was the growth rate for 
the first half and is it on the expected line what we had planned for the current financial year? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, so, I don't have a very clear number with me right now, but it was a very positive about 
10%-15% somewhere in that range growth. A little bit softer than our expectation there, but we 
are still positive kind of product we have developed. What is coming online or on stream on the 
production side, maturity of order side in next few months. Very hopeful that by the end of the 
year, we may hit even higher growth number and that's where we are. 
Hemang Kotadia: 
Okay. And in India, basically, a lot of capex is happening and all the bearing companies have a 
very robust exports and plans. So, what was the particular reason India grew by 4%-5% in value 
items for the India business? Though we do a lot of exports to other markets, but I just want to 
ask on the India business stand-alone? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes, so, standalone out of India, we still ship about 50% plus of our product to outside India. 
So, India per se remained, Indian market per se remained quite flat. As I mentioned that our 
India business, India to India business had a component of our customer exporting that portion 
of it softened a little bit. 
But beyond that, the rest 50% what we are supplying to outside India and primarily what we 
supply to Europe, that demand was very soft as well as what we supply to China. So, those kind 
of impact we saw in our product revenue and that's an impact. Another impact was also what we 
mentioned part of it, pass through mechanism as the commodity prices come down. 
We pass through our, you know, whatever price adjustment based on the factor and that we pass 
through, we do and that also shows up as a lower sales. So, all those combination factor played 
into that 5% decoupling. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Just to quickly add your question about the new capex plans of bearing companies. Yes, we do 
believe that we should be a major beneficiary. We are in dialogue with most of them. Most of 
these products are under discussion, but as you would appreciate, it will take at least a year or 
two for that to convert it to demand. So, that opportunity remains absolutely intact. It is just the 
timing part. 
Hemang Kotadia: 
Okay. So, no issues. All the best, sir. And Happy Diwali to the team. 
Sanjay Majmudar: 
Thank you. Happy Diwali to you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shirom Kapur from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. My first question is regarding your solar EPC business. So, 
you mentioned that, you know, there was some kind of policy on renewables from the 
government that enabled good growth this quarter and good business in solar EPC. So, does that 
change your long-term expectations of this business at all? Because earlier you were guided for 
about INR60 crores to INR80 crores on annual revenue without much growth. But does this 
change your expectations? 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Vishal Rangwala: 
No. Frankly, I see what is happening that our clear cut decision is not to increase our capital 
exposure to this business and restrict discrete only 2 smaller projects. However, having said that, 
if you look at Q1 and Q2, Q1 was actually exceptionally low in solar. So Q2 is partly whatever 
orders were there, we have built it. Plus, we have seen some new interaction of decent orders 
not involving much working capital, a lot of small projects coming in because there is a lot of 
movement happening and a lot of people have lined up for solar. 
So there is a little bit of -- so that INR80 crores, INR100 crores -- INR70 crores, INR80 crores 
may go to INR100 crores, INR120 crores, but that's about it. It will not involve any additional 
capital, no working capital, no risk. And still, it will contribute a little bit with the same or similar 
capital deployed. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Understood, thanks. That's very helpful. My next question is -- there's a bookkeeper question. 
So the EBITDA was mentioned for your stand-alone engineering segment, which would be the 
India engineering is different from the India engineering EBITDA given in the presentation, I 
believe it's about INR45 crores versus INR44 crores on there's a small difference there. What 
could be the reason for that? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Good observation, Sriram. As you know that we have floated the Harsha Engineers Advantage 
Limited as a wholly owned subsidiary in India. So, the number when we speak engineering 
India, it is both HEIL standalone as well as HEAL wholly owned subsidiaries of Harsha India. 
So, there are about INR70 odd lakhs. That is a pre-op expenses which is not allowed to capitalize 
and hence, it has an expense in the books. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Understood. So for the stand-alone India engineering -- so going forward the presentation 
numbers, what we should look at as your India engineering EBITDA, am I right? 
Maulik Jasani: 
It will have a subsidiary number also. 
Shirom Kapur: 
Got it, got it. Thanks. And my last question is on the gross margin. So, you mentioned that the 
pass-through of lower raw material prices has led to a gross margin impact. But typically, from 
my understanding, if the pricing falls due to lower raw material cost, the margin impact should 
be positive, right? Because of a lower raw material cost and lower sales overall, while your 
absolute gross profit might be at a similar range, your margin should see a positive impact instead 
of a negative impact, right? 
Maulik Jasani: 
Yes. So, what I have said over there, Sriram, is in the previous quarter, that is Q1, I was 
continuing to sell on the last year's pricing while I was buying at a low rate from the market. So, 
I was having a benefit in the Q1. While in Q2, my price gets settled and my revision in price has 
happened because there is a lag of 3 to 4 months as we discussed. So, once my price is settled, 
my selling price and my buying prices are almost at par on the raw material front. 
And hence, that impact little bit on the margin profile. But as I immediately said thereafter, the 
major impact on the number is not on the engineering products. It is mainly on account of the 
solar performance. Because if you see, the solar division particularly has done a top line of 
INR42 crores in this quarter versus INR17 crores last quarter. So, that has impacted mainly on 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
the margin profile. And that is at a very high cost. Very high RMC. So, apart from that, Shirom, 
that pass-through has got a significant contributor. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, I think from a Harsha Engineering India standpoint, a 50 odd percent gross margin is very 
much maintainable. There is no problem. Not exactly quarter over quarter, but year over year, 
you should not see any major hiccup on that. 
Shirom Kapur: 
This is 50% stand-alone, including your share of solar EPC or just in the India Engineering 
division. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
India Engineering. 
Shirom Kapur: 
India Engineering. Okay. So on a blended basis, it should be closer to about 46%, 48% for the 
historical rate. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
I mean, again, quarter over quarter, if the solar sector changes -- maybe 48 or thereabout. Yes.  
Shirom Kapur: 
Okay. Thank you so much. It was really helpful. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Chinmay Nema from Prescient Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Chinmay Nema: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. Can you throw some light on our nature of contracts? 
Typically, how, and this is about the bearing cages business. So, what is the length of the 
contract? And secondly, I see that we supply to each of the top six global bearing manufacturers. 
I see this in your presentation. So, typically, what percentage of this requirement is met by us? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So, one, on the length of the contract, usually we have a very long-term supply agreement with 
our customer. They range from anywhere between 5 to 10 years. Obviously, once they allocate 
a product to us, we remain supplier of that product for foreseeable future, unless something 
significant changes on the demand side or something like that. 
Now, regarding your second question, I think what you are trying to ask is about the pass-through 
part. What was your second question? Can you repeat, please? 
Chinmay Nema: 
So, just trying to understand. So, for a global bearing manufacturer company, like what 
percentage… 
Maulik Jasani: 
Okay, okay, wallet share. So, if I look at India, we would have a very, very significant wallet 
share, except for very limited category of bearing cages. Most of the cages, I think we have 
anywhere between 70%-80% and above wallet share, if you look at India. Outside India, 
different countries. So, between these three players, we supply to more than 60-70 plants 
worldwide. 
So, there the wallet share would go anywhere between 10%-20%. Again, a significant part of 
the requirement is still met through insourcing, so that insourcing their own plants manufacturing 
cages would be anywhere between 35%-40%. And then we have two other parallel competitors 
who are actively working with them. So, this is how the scenario is. 

 
 
Harsha Engineers International Limited
 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Chinmay Nema: 
Okay. Understood. And lastly, could you help me understand what goes into onboarding a new 
client? Like how long does it take and like both domestically as well as abroad? 
Vishal Rangwala: 
Yes. So you see usually a big customer who is actually very strong on a quality front. They 
would actually come in share, what are their expectations, share some technical things then we 
do some development for them, meaning that we produce the tooling. We designed the tooling 
so that we get the right for product out of it. And then depending on the situation, being 
automotive or industrial customer, it may go into an extensive testing process. 
 
So any given day, I would say that onboarding a customer is minimum 6 months process to 
sometime, it could be 2 years as well. The significant advantage we enjoy since we have worked 
with our bearing customer over multiple years. is that we continue to have a lot of approved, like 
we have approved status with them. And if we are approved with one of their facilities that 
extends to their global facility and then it becomes much easier onboarding process. If we are 
onboarding another location of that same customer. So all those variations come into picture as 
it happens. 
Specifically, if I talk about our Japan-based customer, we have been working with them since 
the last 8 to 10 years. And we have talked in the last few calls that have they actually built that 
confidence with us. They feel quite confident at this point that Harsha provides the right value 
in terms of pricing as well as quality and delivery and all that. And that's one of the reasons now 
we are growing significantly with them. So it's a slow and long process, but highly rewarding 
and highly sustaining in a long term. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Actually, just to add what Vishal says very quickly, today, see all these top 6 Bering companies 
are our customers, who are the top 6 from Japan, 3 worldwide. All key Indian players are also 
our customers. It is more of onboarding in terms of their new products and new opportunities 
that we get either for a major shift from an insourcing to outsourcing, etcetera. 
So, it's more of the SKUs that you add, the new products that you partner with, and you develop 
along with them. They give us a design of a cage, we manufacture the tooling, then we 
manufacture the cage and show them that this is what we can do and its an ongoing process. 
Chinmay Nema:  
Okay. 
Moderator: 
That is the last question of a question-and-answer session, ladies and gentlemen. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vishal Rangwala for closing comments. 
Vishal Rangwala: 
So thank you very much, everyone, for attending this call I hope we were able to give some idea 
about the nuances of our Q2 results and able to give confidence about our long-term perspective. 
And with that, appreciate you attending this, and thank you very much. Good evening, and happy 
Diwali to you. Thank you. 
Maulik Jasani: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Harsha Engineers International Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
