 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To,                                                                                                 Date: 17-November-2023 
 
 
The Manager, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai-400001. 
(BSE Scrip Code: 543270) 
The Manager, 
NSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400051. 
(NSE Symbol: MTARTECH) 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure Requirements Regulations, 
2015) -Transcript of Earnings call held on 09th November 2023.  
 
Unit: MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, Please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call 
conducted on Thursday 9th November, 2023. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the company i.e. 
www.mtar.in  You are requested to kindly take the aforesaid on your record. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For MTAR Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shubham Sunil Bagadia 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Shubham 
Sunil 
Bagadia
Digitally signed 
by Shubham 
Sunil Bagadia 
Date: 2023.11.17 
11:37:54 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“MTAR Technologies Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SRINIVAS REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. GUNNESWARA RAO – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– MTAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MS. SRILEKHA JASTHI – SENIOR MANAGER, 
STRATEGY AND OPERATIONS – MTAR 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to MTAR Technologies Limited Q2 and H1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan 
Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Yusuf and good morning, everyone. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Ltd, I extend 
a very warm welcome to all participants on Q2 and H1FY24 financial results discussion call. 
Today on our call, we have Mr. Srinivas Reddy, sir, Managing Director and Promoter, Mr. 
Gunneswara Rao, sir, Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Srilekha, Senior Manager Strategy and 
IR. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through our investor deck and press release that 
we have uploaded on exchanges and on company's website. I would like to give a short 
disclaimer before we begin the call. 
 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon 
our beliefs, opinions and expectations as of today. These statements are not guaranteed for our 
future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Srinivas, sir, for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. Thank you. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you, Irfan and hello and good morning to everyone. Thank you for taking your time to 
join us today. Today on the call, I'm joined by Mr. Gunneswara Rao, Chief Financial Officer, 
Ms. Srilekha Jasthi, Senior Manager Strategy and Operations and Orient Capital, our Investor 
Relation Partners. We have uploaded our updated investor deck, press release and results 
highlights on the stock exchange and company website. I hope everybody had an opportunity to 
go through the same. 
 
So, MTAR has delivered a top-line growth by clocking a revenue of INR166.8 crores with a 
32.2% year-on-year increase. We have recorded an EBITDA of INR26.1 crores during this 
quarter. The most important aspect I would like to discuss today is about revision in our 
guidance. We have revised our annual guidance for FY24 to a revenue for around INR670 to 
INR700 crores as against previous guidance of around INR830 to INR860 crores with an 
EBITDA of around 26% plus or minus 100 basis points. 
 
This is due to the deferment of shipment plans against the confirmed orders in the clean energy 
sector for the next fiscal year, which has impacted our growth in the short term. However, we 
anticipate a healthy long-term growth as we are expecting significant inflow of orders in the 
second half of the year from new customers as well as existing customers, which will enable us 
to maintain our closing order book around INR1,400 crores to INR1,500 crores. As far as this 
quarter is concerned, we have witnessed around INR80 crores of order inflows. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
 
We are expecting around the rest of the orders coming in from the clean energy sector, nuclear 
space and defense sectors, which will enable us to have a closing order book of INR1,400 to 
INR1,500 crores. The revenues from domestic shall pick up in the second half of the year due 
to major dispatches in nuclear space and defense sectors that we are anticipating at this point of 
time. I would like to assure all the shareholders that the company's long-term growth story is 
intact as we are working on enhancing our product portfolio and expanding our customer base. 
 
Also, the sector's company is catering to our witnessing significant growth. Our CFO, Mr. 
Gunneswara Rao -CFO , will throw more light on the financial performance of Q2 FY24. Over 
to you GR. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you, Mr. Srinivas Reddy. Good morning to all of you to join in this 
earnings call. I will take you through the financial highlights, post which we will open the floor 
for questions and answers. Our revenue from operations at INR166.8 crores in Q2 FY24 as 
against to INR126.2 crores in Q2 FY23, which translates to a 32.2% increase on a year-on-year 
basis. And the company also reported EBITDA of INR36.1 Crores in Q2 FY24 as compared to 
INR34.9 crores in Q2 FY23. There is a 3.4% increase on a year-on-year basis. profit before tax 
is at INR25.7 crores in Q2 FY24 as against INR33 crores in Q2 FY23, which is a 22.1% decrease 
on a year-on-year basis. However, which is covered by the profit after tax. 
 
Profit after tax was INR20.5 crores in Q2 FY24 as against INR24.7 crores in Q2 FY23, which 
led to a 17.1% decrease on a year-on-year basis. Our net working capital stands at 287 days, 
where there was a reduction in receivable days and inventory days. However, there is a sharp 
reduction in payable days that has led to an increase in working capital days because of liabilities 
paid for inventory purchases during the last quarters based on annual projections. As per the 
revised projections, current inventories will be sufficient to a major extent to meet the production 
requirements of the next quarter. 
 
We will be working on reducing net working capital days by the end of this financial year. So 
let us see how it goes based on the revised guidelines. We are all working on reducing the 
working capital days as much as possible. 
 
So as discussed by our MD, we recorded healthy top-line growth and the company is working 
to generate revenue of around INR670 crores-INR700 crores by the end of this financial year, 
with EBITDA of 26% plus or minus 1%.  We will open the floor for discussion. Thank you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
I just wanted to check. Because we have seen healthy growth, low energy, 37% growth this 
quarter, 33% YTD. So why the sharp deferral in terms of revenue guidance for us? And in terms 
of ordering, we had indicated INR500 crores from clean energy. So do we still expect that sort 
of number to come through? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, I'm sorry. I was on mute, actually. So basically, if you remember, Bloom Energy has 
shifted certain shipment plans on two counts, which is definitely not alarming. I visited them for 
almost three days in the US to discuss the future growth plans and the current situation. One is, 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
there is a deferment of roughly about 1,200 units of hotboxes to the next fiscal year. The primary 
reason being  is they wanted to correct their inventories. 
 
The reason they have mentioned is obviously because of the reduction in the transit time from 
12 weeks to six weeks post-COVID era. They had to correct their inventories. Second is, they 
have moved on from Yuma to Santa Cruz 100%. 
 
The reason which is very clear is that from Yuma, you're generating 50 kilowatts, and Santa 
Cruz generates 65 kilowatts. So we have made a couple of changes in the design. We're working 
with Bloom on that, which made a lot of sense to me when I visited them. 
 
I visited their facilities as well. They're fully gearing up to Santa Cruz, which generates 65 
kilowatts. First, we manufactured the Block 1, and now we are going to the modified version of 
Block 2. 
 
So what we're going to dispatch in this quarter is everything related to Santa Cruz Block 2, which 
is what is the final version of generating 65 kilowatts for them, which made a lot of sense to all 
of us. These are the two primary reasons. I don't see any other reason for this correction what 
we have made in our guidance. 
 
Primarily, it is coming from the reduction in the hot boxes for the current financial year, calendar 
year for Bloom, and for us. If you look at the calendar, it is 4,600 to about 1,160 or 200 units 
less. And then we move on to ramp up the Santa Cruz model. 
 
See, we have to look at the long-term perspective of Bloom and as well as MTAR. Now, moving 
to Santa Cruz will benefit Bloom to a very great extent, thereby generating almost 30% of higher 
power output with marginal cost increase. So this is just a temporary correction what they have 
made. 
 
And when we are phasing out from Yuma to Santa Cruz, it's a matter of one or two quarters. But 
even MTAR is gearing up to ramp up the Santa Cruz model to the extent where we can generate 
more units every quarter. So that's exactly what is happening right now. 
 
And as far as the orders are concerned, they are well-poised to give orders for Santa Cruz. They 
revised the Yuma orders back to Santa Cruz right now. And moving forward also, they said that 
they will continue to release orders. 
 
And their demand or whatever, they are working on their back-to-back order book position, 
which is very strong, to enable them to place more and more orders quarter-on-quarter basis. 
That's what they mentioned to us. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Sure, sir. Maybe just one follow-up. Just wanted to understand the sharp reduction in payable 
days from about 108 to 49. What is caused by this? Because we're not seeing any other reduction 
in working capital for revised sales guidance. But this sort of pretty sharp reduction. And is it 
one or two sort of normalized after this? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
let me explain this and then you can answer. What has happened is when I was talking to Bloom, 
when you have a deferred shipment plan, we were committed to sourcing all the raw material 
and bought-outs ahead of the plan because there are definite lead times for that. 
 
Technically, most of our shipments either were in transit or have been dispatched by them. So, 
we are holding higher inventories because of the deferred plan. Secondly, based on the kind of 
rating we have in D&B, we tend to pay all our payables on due dates.  
So, 
we 
are 
forced to pay each and every payable on due date. So, most of our inventories, which we are 
holding right now, are more or less paid. And we don't have to buy further inventories. 
 
The inventory reduction is going to be on the maximum side over the next two quarters. So, 
that's why you see a reduction in payable dates right now. But moving forward, we'll consume 
a lot of our inventories moving forward. And as well as the payable days should go up over the 
next two quarters based on our purchase. GR, do you want to say more on this? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yeah. Actually, you covered everything,  Today, we are following the value stream mapping for 
each and every major process. For payable dates, in order to pay on time to the supplier is also 
one of the important criteria for us in this value stream mapping. So, we had discussions 
internally and we tried to reduce a lot of quality clearance days and everything we wanted to pay 
on time to our suppliers. So, that is one of the reasons. And the other reason is whatever Srinivas 
Reddy explained. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
So, maybe just one final question. Just wanted to understand on the margin. We've cut the 
guidance down to 26%. Now, essentially, if Clean energy goes down, the mix should help us 
improve margins. So, it's like overhead is offsetting all the impact of favorable mix that can 
come into it? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, absolutely. See, Deepak, when I said 26% plus minus 100 basis points, earlier I said 28%. 
See, first of all, there is a reduction in the guidance numbers given by us. But there is a ramp up 
on the domestic sales over the next second half of the year. Whatever we have done in the first 
half, we are doing a lot more in the second half, which I have mentioned earlier. So, if you're 
looking at roughly, let's say, INR400 crores or INR370 to INR400 crores, almost INR150 crores, 
some about INR140 to INR150 crores will come from domestic and the rest from the export 
sector. 
So, what we are looking at here is that we would like to be a little bit conservative on our 
estimates because of the reduction in the guidance plan  and also see where all we can enable to 
have certain cost reductions happening at various levels. And then we want to move forward 
with that. But this is something which we'll be able to achieve comfortably  and then we'll see 
what best we can do in terms of upside, what we can get. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI Asset Management 
Company. Please proceed. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yeah. Good morning, sir. So, my first question is if you can help us with the number of the 
Yuma, Santa Cruz and electrolyzers delivered this quarter and expectation for second half and 
next year? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, what we have done is there was a phase in and phase out of Yuma this quarter to Santa Cruz 
Block 1, which I've said. So, we have done roughly close to about 400 units of Yuma and 200 
and odd units of Santa Cruz Block 1, which has now been revised upwards to Block 2, as I 
mentioned, which is the final version of Santa Cruz. That's what we have done this quarter. 
 
And moving forward, we have an indication of doing – we have to again ramp up the Santa Cruz 
Block 2, which is going to be there as a final version for Bloom, as I explained earlier, because 
of the higher power output and which is a very good achievement by both the companies to work 
together. And especially for Bloom, it makes a lot of sense to move away from Yuma and then 
come to Santa Cruz Block 2. And a lot of effort has been done to move into that direction. 
 
So, we're looking at doing ramping up to 528 units and probably the last quarter, we're 
anticipating a much more ramp-up happening in terms of Santa Cruz Block 2. And as far as 
electrolyzers are concerned, we are poised to dispatch around 44 electrolyzers this quarter and 
about 66 next quarter. That's what Bloom has indicated to us. 
 
And then, based on their order book, how they're going to book the orders on electrolyzers, 
they're going to release further orders on electrolyzers as well. Okay. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
So, do you expect that starting next year, we'll still go back to that previous generation? This is 
just purely an inventory correction? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
This is not a purely inventory correction, Deepesh. As I said, it is also the change of model. In 
engineering, when you change from one model to the other, there is a phase-in and phase-out 
which happens, which normally happens, which is very important for Bloom and as well as 
supply to Bloom as well, right? 
 
When you're generating more power at a lesser cost, it makes a lot of sense. So, obviously, this 
is just a correction and we'll go back to the normal sequence, the growth pattern, which I clearly 
mentioned that the growth pattern is there as it is. There's nothing changing from that angle. 
That's part of it. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure, sure. What is the update on the Fluence? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the update on Fluence is that we have almost finalized with Fluence. So, basically, we are 
trying – there are final negotiations which are going on. So, they want us to start off with about 
1,000 units for next year, which is roughly around  – INR120 to INR130 crores range what 
they're looking at. 
 
So, final negotiations are going on. This is purely for export as well as for domestic. And in the 
long run, they want us to build facilities in a manner in which they can go up to about 3,000 
units plus per year for their export and domestic requirements. So, the discussions are going on. 
So, hopefully, in this quarter, we'll be able to close that issue for good. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, sure. And, sir, the other question is on the margin. So, if we see last three, four quarters, 
the margin has been weak. So, if we started with 29% kind of a range, then 28%, now the margin 
profile is much weaker. So, anything to read into this over a longer term or is it a transitionary 
phase and we should go back to that 28%, 29% margin range? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, there's one thing which I want to mention to all the shareholders is that what is most 
important is we're also investing for the future. If you look at the manpower cost, it's not about, 
this is a highly technical-based company. So, things don't happen overnight. 
 
So, what we're investing today is for the future in terms of our cost. So, basically, when we look 
at for a company like ours, when we're looking at 26%, even now when I said 26% because of a 
valid reason, but in the long run, we'll definitely move to a higher margin level. I would not say 
like 29%, 30%, but definitely, we'll proactively look at how we can actually margin close to 
about 28%. 
 
That's what we're looking at over the next one year and moving forward as well and trying to 
improve it further and further. So, it's a combination of everything and the entire team is working 
on it. And apart from the margins, the lot of other good thing is that a lot of new customers are 
joining us. 
 
So, I don't want to go specific into customers because I could probably give more details in an 
investor one-to-one meeting, but what will happen is I'm getting a lot of pushbacks from many 
of my customers in terms of the kind of in-depth details I'm giving in all these calls, which have 
been very transparent to every one of you. 
So, basically, the kind of work which is being done within the company is phenomenal in terms 
of products, in terms of what we are actually working on in the R&D division for the future. And 
all of you can be rest assured that MTAR is on a growth track. There's only a temporary 
correction because of the change in model and inventory correction, which I mentioned. Other 
than that, we are adding a lot of new customers, which is a good sign for us. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. I'll join back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jonas Bhutta from Birla Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Good morning, Mr. Reddy. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Hi, Jonas. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, sir, when you say that about 1,000 to 1,200 hotboxes have 
moved from FY'24 delivery to FY'25 delivery, so would that mean that this year we will close 
the year with sort of flattish? So, I think last year we did close to 4,500- 4,600 numbers. This 
year will be flat, is it? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yeah, see, overall, it's not about these hotboxes. Obviously, because we're differing but the 
change in model from Yuma to Santa Cruz, they've explained very clearly on us. and secondly, 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
obviously, that change transition will happen over the next one to quarter. That's what we're 
doing right now. We're also ramping up for Santa Cruz Block 2, which is very critical for Bloom 
as well, because all of us should understand one thing that when we're able to generate more 
power, obviously, we would like to get up to that particular model, which has been redesigned 
and done, which is a fantastic thing, especially from Bloom also, and also entire existing Bloom 
on this part of it. 
So, the revenues will not be flattish, obviously. Overall revenues from 574, we are moving up 
to close to 700. But moving forward, again, the growth track is always there intact in terms of 
the demand, what we have right now, the indication of what we have. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Got it. And on the sales mix, which is giving you confidence that you will get to a 26% margin 
number by year-end, when you say that the domestic business, which is effectively the non-
Clean energy business, if we have to look at a INR670 crores top line for the full year, it implies 
about INR360 odd crores in the second half. 
Last year, we did about INR85- INR86 crores from these non-Clean energy segments. What 
would be that in the second half of this year, so as to give us this confidence that the sales mix 
isn't going to be in favor of domestic, and hence the margins will go up? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
If you look at the domestic, it's a very good question, Jonas. See, if you look at the domestic 
business, the first half of the year, probably we have done around INR50-plus crores. But the 
second half is quite close to about INR145 to INR150 crores. And we have estimated, based on 
before giving the guidance very carefully, and based on this jump of domestic sales happening 
in the second half, which normally it happens, we'll be able to clearly achieve what we have 
mentioned in our guidance. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Understood. And the last question I had was just a status update, because now, if you are at a 
INR1000 crores backlog, and you are looking at a INR1400 to INR1500 crores closing backlog, 
and in the intervening executing another INR350 INR360 crores, which effectively means that 
you need close to INR800 crores of new orders in the next five, six months. Can you just give 
us a status update on how much of that from clean energy, and how much on nuclear, where do 
they stand, and can they realistically flow through by March 24? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The first update I would like to give is that, as I mentioned to you, two reactors, Kaiga 5 and 6, 
the tenders have been opened. There are three competitors for that. This is available on the public 
domain as well. One is BHEL, one is L&T, and one is Mega Energy. Three of them I have bid 
for this project, out of which MTAR's actual number is around close to INR600 to INR700 
crores, but I have mentioned earlier that I am looking at around INR500 crores of order intake 
coming from these companies as such, because we are qualified for 17 packages out there. What 
information I have right now is that probably they will finalize it by the end of December. 
 
The price will be reopened, and they will finalize it. Then MTAR should have a back-to-back 
order coming in the last quarter of this year, which I have mentioned earlier, and I maintain the 
same thing. And it is progressing in the right direction, because these two projects, Kaiga 5 and 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
6, especially the PMO office is looking at implementation within four to five years, or probably 
in four years' time. That's why they are doing this kind of experiment with Kaiga 5 and 6. 
But the rest of the orders or reactors will go in the normal situation of directly placing orders 
with MTAR, so that's what it is. Now, we are expecting a lot more orders coming in from space, 
the way we have done remarkably well in terms of successful launches that we had recently. 
And also in the defence sector, we are getting a sizable number of orders over the next couple 
of quarters. See, as far as clean energy is concerned, we are getting enough orders. The new 
customers just said, I don't want to go more into the details in this call, but we are going to get 
substantial orders from the other new customers that we have. 
And Bloom, obviously, is going to release orders, as I said, they're going to release orders on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. So keeping all this in mind, we should be in a comfortable position to 
have a closing order book of INR1,400 crores odd close by the end of this year. 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Sure, sir. This is helpful. I'll fall back in the queue and wish you all the best, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Yellapu Santosh from Asian Market Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Yellapu Santosh: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. First, I would like to understand, sir, some part of the growth 
for Bloom in the recent quarters has been driven by most of the deals being pursued through the 
tripartite agreement. I think now with the interest rates almost the first thing, we have seen the 
gas prices getting doubled, and now we are seeing the interest rates also getting doubled almost. 
What we get to understand is that, the viability of these projects is not that easy for Bloom to 
grow through this strategy. So have you heard anything on that? Even Bloom in its con call has 
also mentioned that, if I'm not wrong, I think some 60 gigawatts of projects are running slow. 
So just wanted to get your perspective of how does that impact our business coming from 
Bloom? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I don't think there is. I've been there for almost three days with Bloom, and they have said that, 
they're going to release the orders. The main focus was on the new model, which makes a big 
difference for Bloom. I don't see any other reason, why there should not be any kind of – they've 
not indicated any kind of slowdown in growth, but they're also looking at placing orders based 
on back-to-back orders they have, and they want to move forward in that direction. 
And they have indicated to us that things will get back to normal and the growth phase, once we 
ramp up on the standard we'll walk to. So that's what they've indicated to us. And they said that 
the upside, the order book position will go higher and higher based on how they also get back-
to-back orders from their side. And they're pretty confident about it, and that's what they've 
mentioned to me very clearly. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
And, sir, on the call, you just mentioned that they're getting more acceptance on the use case for 
their electrolyzers with multiple platforms. So can you please give more insights upon what 
could be – how would it translate for us from an opportunity point of view? 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, our electrolyzers have already been proven, as I mentioned in the last call. So they've asked 
us to dispatch two consignments of electrolyzers this quarter and three consignments next 
quarter. So once they book the orders, they said the back-to-back orders will come to MTAR. 
So we are hoping that they will get over the next couple of quarters by – before March, I'm 
hoping that they will book enough number of orders so that MTAR can benefit from that and 
start the electrolyzers dispatches from there on. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
Any volume numbers for the next two years, sir? '24 and '25 and '26, please, on electrolyzers 
only. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Santosh, it depends on the kind of order booking Bloom has on that. So they're very optimistic 
and very, very confident that they'll be booking enough orders. But I can't quantify the numbers. 
But as I mentioned earlier that vertical is going to pick up as the whole world is moving forward. 
So hopefully that we start generating enough revenues for next year. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
And, sir, on the non-defence related, for last, I think if I'm not wrong, for five quarters, six 
quarters, we've been hearing new clients names, new clients getting added from the likes of GE, 
Andritz, Voith, all these companies. But I think we hear that we qualify for the first batch of, 
works to be done. But after that, I haven't heard much on the traction from these clients or even 
on the defence side. Like, if I'm not wrong, we had some qualification done with the Tata, and 
other IAI, but not much has happened. Can you please give some insight? What can happen from 
these new clients in the next at least one year to two years point of view? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, obviously, we have done a lot of first articles, we have done certain batch productions, 
everything has been proven right now. It's a matter of time that we get up into a much higher 
number. For example, in the new fabrication shed, we are looking at a substantial growth in 
revenues because of all these clients for next year. 
In engineering, Santosh, if you understand, you know very well that once there's a process of 
doing the first articles, then the pre-production batch numbers, and then we go on to the regular 
stuff. So a lot of effort is being done on this. And this is exactly what I'm trying to say is that, 
there is a lot of internal work which is being done in MTAR for the future, which does not reflect 
in your numbers. 
But believe me, we have done some fantastic work, and we will have those results over the next 
year and the year after that. So absolutely, we are on track with all of those things. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the SSLV technology front, have you participated in the tender or where 
the request was invited for the transfer of technology? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We have not, still it's in a pre-qualification stage. The tender is not like officially done. So that 
we'll know about it probably a month or two month later. But our main focus is on our own 
SSLV, right? We have probably over the next quarter, we have done a substantial progress in 
our SSLV development program. And this is something which is not reflecting anywhere for all 
of you to understand. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
So we have done a phenomenal progress. We are right on track with our milestones. And 
probably, I would ask my senior project director, Dr. Vedachalam to update all of you in the 
next call. Or any one of you are free to visit our company to see the kind of progress we have 
done, which I personally reviewed it the other day. 
And we have done a phenomenal progress in that. And probably all of you are free to visit our 
company and see the kind of progress we have done successfully, which I'm really impressed 
with the kind of effort being done by the team of scientists working right now on that. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
Great, sir. Just follow up on this. I need a clarification. Because NSIL Chairman has indicated 
that only one company will get the TOT done for this SSLV. If we don't get the technology, will 
this program stop for us or we'll find a way to build it internally? This is where I'm just stuck up 
at. Are we just dependent on the technology transfer or we are working in-house? How to look 
at it from that point of view, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
You're getting confused, Santosh. The SSLV program what NSIL has started is purely NSIL's 
internal know-how and technology. That's the best part of it. We are not depending on anybody. 
What agreement we have with ISRO is on certain testing facilities and other areas which will be 
taking their help. That is where it stands. It has got nothing to do with TOT as such. 
Yellapu Santosh:  
Okay, understood. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Analytics Advisors, LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Good morning, sir. Sir, my question is regarding the Santa Cruz boxes. Are we the sole supplier 
for Santa Cruz boxes and our product is totally disrupt-free and good quality? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We are not a sole supplier. As I said, we hold the majority of the portion of the requirement close 
to 70%, I guess. I'm not too sure, but it's close to 70%. And there's another company in Taiwan 
which I always mention to all of you that the rest of the thing is done by them. 
Anika Mittal:  
And with regards to quality, sir, is it defect-free and good? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Can you repeat that question? I'm not able to hear you well. 
Anika Mittal:  
Sir, my question is with regards to quality of Santa Cruz boxes, is it totally defect-free? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Yes, absolutely. That's what I've said. We have worked with Bloom and Bloom has done a 
phenomenal job as well. I know I was there actually looking at all this and they've done a 
fantastic job. And it's phenomenal that from 50 kilowatts, they're moving up to 65 kilowatts with 
marginal cost increase. It's a fantastic thing they've achieved. And we also contributed work with 
them in areas that they're involved in, not in every area. But that's something which has been 
crystalized now, finalized and we are moving on with our shipments right now. 
Anika Mittal:  
Thank you, sir. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bala Murli Krishna from Oman Investment 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Bala Krishna: 
Hi. Good morning, sir. Congratulations. Regarding this Santa Cruz boxes, I think then going 
forward, we produce only this Santa Cruz version 2 or we'll produce some more hot boxes also? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, as I mentioned earlier, Mr. Bala Krishna, that the Santa Cruz Block 2 will be the final version 
and we'll be producing only Santa Cruz moving forward. That's why I said there is a transition 
from Yuma to Santa Cruz and there will not be any further Yuma moving forward.  
Bala Krishna:  
Okay. And in the electrolyzer, any further orders from any other customer or we are in discussion 
with any other customer for supply of electrolyzers? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, electrolyzers is a completely new product as it is. And Bloom is one of the premier 
companies that come out with a product which has been proven in the United States as well. So, 
right now, we are working with Bloom and the others are still in prototype and various other 
stages. So, we have to see how it goes. But as of now, we are hoping that obviously, the whole 
world is looking for this. And once Bloom backs enough orders, then we'll also get back to back 
orders for electrolyzers as well, which is going to happen over the next two quarters for sure. 
Bala Krishna:  
Okay, sir. And regarding the defence license, so who have received the license as you said in the 
last call? So, what could be the potential in the coming quarter and next year? And any new 
products we are going to introduce under this license? What is this or some information? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
This is a very good question. Definitely, we have received the defence license after 18 months 
to two years. And that's something, a phenomenal thing for MTAR. As I said, we have to go 
through about 20 to 25 different various departments to get the clearance with the clean sheet. 
Obviously, our team is working on various products. I don't want to highlight them right now. 
It's too premature, but we are working towards it. And this is something which is going to be 
moving in a very good position over the next one year, 1.5 years. So, once we are at a certain 
stage, then I'll be giving you more details on this. We are definitely working towards those 
things. I'm sure for it. 
Bala Krishna:  
And lastly, I'm sure this fuel cell technology, but as of now, there is a collaboration between 
some EV bus manufacturers and players also to produce buses which can run on hydrogen and 
fuel cells also. So, is there any opportunity for us in a discussion with the Hyderabad-based EV 
bus manufacturer regarding this? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, not right now. See, a lot of announcements are being done, but at the end of the day, all 
these companies have to come to a stage where they can really come to a level of the kind of 
volumes that we look at. See, when you look at any customer or any opportunity, a lot of effort 
goes in engineering in terms of building that product. 
For them and as well as working jointly. So, we need to really see the commercial angle of it 
also and then move forward. So, we evaluate things that way. And let's see how many -- there is 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
a sizable kind of opportunities coming to MTAR from all the sectors right now. And we're 
evaluating each one of them and working towards it. So, let's see how it goes. 
Bala Krishna:  
Okay, sir. That's helpful. And lastly, on your plant visit, maybe in the month of March, April, I 
may visit. So, I need your help. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Absolutely. You're always welcome to come and visit the plant. I've said to all the investors, 
they should come and see because -- see, at the end of the day, it's about what you need to see 
about MTAR is what we are doing here and how we are poised in terms of what we are as a 
company in terms of engineering and how we're working on various aspects for our future 
growth. So, you're always welcome to come and see. 
Bala Krishna:  
Okay. Thanks a lot, sir. All the best, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is that only 
production schedule that we expect from Bloom in this quarter and in December. So, is that -- 
will we get a schedule for the entire next calendar year or it's going to be for one quarter or two 
quarters at a time? How does this typically work, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, they give a clear production schedule for the current quarter and for next quarter, they 
indicate to us probably in the month of December. The reason being, we already have inventories 
lined up for whatever volumes they want to give us. In the case of inventories not being lined 
up, they give us ahead of time so that we can source the material. In this case, we have enough 
inventories lined up. So, we're expecting the schedule for the next quarter probably in the month 
of December. So, we are on track with that. That's how it works. 
Ashish Shah: 
Right. So, secondly, apart from the hot boxes or the – you are simply doing anyone product that 
you are supplying us, there are other elements of the supply that we have in terms of ASPs, 
diluents, increasing our volume share there. So, in the past, we have given some visibility of 
how these things can also scale up, these products can also scale up. So, anything that you can 
add here, sir? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, right now, we are doing products like ASPs, hot boxes, enclosures, sheet metal assemblies 
and all that, right? So, when I said, when I spoke about the revenue guidance with the hot box 
deferment plan happened, it had a little bit of effect on the other areas as well, right? Obviously, 
that's how we came up with the revised guidance number, which will be back to normal as we 
move forward. That's not an issue. 
So, the good thing is that we are qualified for all this. We have done the shipments. They have 
accepted all the new products that we have done. They are working very well on the field and 
we are also working on additional products for them moving forward. So, as and when we get 
qualified, we will be adding a lot more products with them as a customer, which they have asked 
us to do. So, we are working on those things. So, that will also add up to our future growth, the 
way we are looking at it. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Ashish Shah: 
Right. And, sir, looking at the second quarter gross margins. So, when it looks at the increase in 
the raw material cost, the proportion, what would you attribute this to in terms of the mix? I 
mean, what element of the mix drives this and how it will change for us in the next two quarters? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
That's what I mentioned very clearly. The next two quarters, the domestic is almost 3x. The 
revenue what we have generated in the first two quarters. So, the gross margins will improve 
and ultimately, the EBITDA will also improve. We have done an estimate of 26%, plus-minus 
100 basis points will be there. 
Ashish Shah: 
Right. And, sir, lastly, we are expecting this nuclear order from Kaiga 5 and 6/GHAVP by the 
end of this year. Now, how will be the conversion of revenue out of this? Will we see a 
substantial part of it starting to get converted in '25 or this will take more than 10 months to start 
flowing into the revenue? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, we already have orders on hand for nuclear directly from NPCL. We will be start 
dispatching those next year. But by the time these orders come in March, then there is a lead 
time for raw material and things like that. So, we are more or less, this is not related to the next 
year number. It will be related to the subsequent year number. 
Ashish Shah: 
Got it. Right, sir. Thank you. Thank you for your answer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Lokesh Maru from Nippon India Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Hi, sir. My question is more around the Santa Cruz boxes. So, what is our capacity at this point? 
And what is the kind of volume, like number of boxes that we expect to ship in Q3 and Q4? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the capacity is the same as you know. As I said, the design is different, but the assets are 
fungible. So, that is something which we have done. And we have made some corrections in our 
manufacturing process to work on the Santa Cruz. That is how the ramp-up is happening. So, 
we are looking at, as I said, for this quarter, we are looking at around 500-odd units moving out. 
Then we will have an indication from Bloom on the higher number for the next quarter. That we 
know by December. Because we have all the inventories already lying with us. So, we are also 
looking at how we are going to ramp-up with this new design moving forward as well. So, we 
will have more clarity in the next month. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Some related question. So, we would have delivered 4,500 boxes last year, boxes. Given that the 
capacity of Santa Cruz is 30% higher, the delivery capacity, I mean, on power side. So, do you 
expect, by when, I mean, your internal expectation to reach 4,500 first and then outgrow that 
number? Is it fair expectation to do that by next fiscal and go beyond that? Should it take time? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
I think so. I mean, we will have more details from Bloom as they let us know about it. But as of 
today, we are on track with what we are going to do for the next year. So, we will be back to the 
same growth pattern what we are looking at in the past. So, it also depends on the kind of demand 
they also have. But we will definitely have that kind of numbers. And plus, we are adding a lot 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
more other products as well. So, we are clear in the growth pattern, which we clearly said that, 
which is in fact moving forward. There is nothing changes with that. 
Lokesh Maru: 
So, also, last question on this part. When we shift from 50 kilowatt to 65 kilowatt, there has been 
a transition period, which we have seen these two quarters. Going forward, when we shift from 
65 kilowatt to either 75 kilowatt or 100 kilowatt, the other two variants, is it business as usual? 
Is it the normal? Does it normally happen that it takes time of a quarter or two to ramp it up and 
then there is a lull in between? Or do we keep executing? Because obviously, when you shift 
from 50 kilowatt to 65 kilowatt, you have to discard the 50 ones. So, there is going to be a phase 
of pain, right in terms of growth or delivery. How do you expect going forward, the Santa Cruz 
to actually upgrade and the journey beyond? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The journey beyond Santa Cruz Block 2 is going to stay. To my knowledge, the way I have 
reviewed things there, at least for the next four years, five years, nothing is going to change in 
Santa Cruz. That is the highest that we can achieve from 50 kilowatt to 65 kilowatt. But they 
might introduce, which I have said earlier, they are looking at new models, which will take some 
time. But Santa Cruz is here to stay, for sure. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay. So, on gross margins front, EBITDA margin is quite understandable. We have deferred 
our sales. But what has impacted the gross margin this quarter? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
GR, you want to explain? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
Yeah, this quarter, actually what happened, we have delivered some of the nuclear projects, 
which was actually going on for quite some time. So, that is actually the overhead portion is 
impacted this time. Otherwise, there is no issue. But as our MD said, the next two quarters, our 
domestic sales will be higher. So, it will be their constant to achieve the 26%. And other things 
below the gross profit, the fixed expenses, operating leverage, we have established all the 
requirements for INR800 crores turnover, so which has impacted around 2% to the EBITDA 
margin. So, in the year-end, definitely we will achieve 26%, keeping into the consideration of 
domestic sales will be higher. Also, we are taking a lot of steps to reduce our costs wherever 
possible. 
Lokesh Maru: 
No, sir, my question is more on, so obviously, capacity building and overhead costs would be 
below gross margin, right? So, just on the raw material cost front, what has impacted? 
Gunneswara Rao: 
See, raw material cost is more or less same for the domestic is lower, and whereas for export is 
higher. Because of the mixed impact, sometimes it will impact. So, the domestic turnover is also 
lower in the first two quarters compared to the next two quarters. 
Lokesh Maru: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhavin Vithlani from SBI Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Good morning, Mr. Srinivas. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Good morning, Bhavin. How are you? 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Very well, thank you. Sir, this question is on the import substitution opportunity that we spoke 
some time back, like ball screws, the water lubricated screws, and the roller screws. And what 
our understanding is, some of these are critical parts for the CNC machines, and this is a segment 
which is growing very rapidly in India. And is it that are we able to get through to some of the 
domestic manufacturers for this, because the opportunity could be pretty significant? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
See, the first thing is the water lubricated bearings are used primarily in the nuclear reactors. So, 
we are the only people who are supplying it, which we are doing it from, it's an import substitute 
as well. Ball screws, we are moving towards specialized ball screws. We don't get into ball 
screws mainly on the machine tool area, which is run of the mill stuff. So, we are working with 
a lot of export companies right now, working on the first article ball screws in terms of exporting 
the ball screws in various sectors, in aerospace and different sectors. That's what we're doing 
right now. 
And another thing which is important is the electromechanical actuators. We are releasing the 
first three electromechanical actuators in, I think, quantities of 10 or 15 numbers each to the 
defense sector next quarter. So, that's something which is very encouraging for us. So, we are 
working on all these products, which are like 100% import substitute that we're doing right now. 
And coming to roller screws, we have done everything. Our roller screws have been tested, have 
been proven. So, we're just waiting for the final certification from the different organizations to 
approve us. And once it's done, then it becomes another import substitute, which the space and 
different organizations can use from us. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
So, of all these import substitution opportunities, what could be the revenues in the current year 
and what's the potential in the next fiscal? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, I've told you, electromechanical actuators over the next three years, four years, the 
requirement is around 300 to 400 screws. It all depends on the way the different organizations 
move forward with their requirements. Roller screws, right now, they're importing from Rollviz 
Sweden. So, once we are certified, then obviously, the entire requirement comes to us. So, I am 
not able to quantify exactly the numbers, but I've said overall, the market for roller screws is 
about INR70 crores to INR80 crores. But the margins are very good in that. 
Those are very specialized products. And over the last 30 years, 40 years, we have been 
importing it. So, we are going to put a full stop to that. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
And would we need additional investment towards the machinery, or we would be able to sweat 
our assets, existing assets, and we'll be able to get this additional revenues? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We have already those assets in place. So, we don't need any additional capex for that. 
Bhavin Vithlani: 
Great. Yeah, those were my questions. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijeet from YES Securities. Please proceed. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Abhijeet: 
Good morning, all. Thank you for the opportunity. So, my first question. So, is there any 
inventory write-off between 2Q FY ‘24? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
No, we don't have any inventory write-off. GR, can you confirm that? I don't think there's any 
inventory. 
Gunneswara Rao: 
We have not any inventory write-off. 
Abhijeet: 
Okay. Sir, also, sir, if you look at from the last quarter to this quarter, there has been a sudden 
change in plan by Bloom for supply. Earlier, we were to supply the Yuma hot boxes from that 
plant to now supplying the Santa Cruz, which are more efficient. Now, sir, in this technology 
space, efficiency would be chased by these players continuously going forward also. So, how do 
we plan to counter this kind of sudden change in plants that we don't take a hit on our books? 
Because this seems to be quite sudden. Like last quarter, what the plan was from that plan to this 
plan now, there is a sudden change, it seems like. So, how do we plan to counter this going 
forward, given that technology efficiency change would be an ongoing thing, even in the next 
few years? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Basically, the change primarily was quickly brought in is because of the kind of additional power 
output they're getting, which is substantial, right? I know if it is not substantial, then it is gradual 
phase in and gradual phase out. For example, when Bloom started, they started with a model 
called Catalina. And from Catalina to Yuma, they took substantial time to phase in and phase 
out. But when they looked at an increase of power output by 25% to 30%, 50 kilowatts to 65 
kilowatts, it makes a lot of sense, right? So, fortunately, there's a design change, but the assets 
are fungible and not much changes were required. But we also need to ramp up to that level, 
which is understandable. Such changes, these kind of changes don't happen every time. It's like 
once in three years, four years like that. 
There will be certain design changes which will not affect our ramp up at all. Certain 
improvements, certain reduction in costs, in terms of the cost related to design, certain small 
design changes which will reduce the input raw material cost and things like that. So, for 
example, if they're using Inconel, they might go to some other material which can also give them 
the same efficiency with lower costs. So, those kind of changes will happen, but that's not going 
to affect the ramp-up plan at all. So, this is something which has to be done. Looking at the -- 
this has been a phenomenal effort from Bloom as well, and it makes a lot of sense to us also. 
Abhijeet:  
Okay. So, sir, you are reasonably confident that 65 kilowatt hour, so this kind of efficiency is 
kind of -- this will remain for some time going forward, and for the efficiency improvement that 
would come at least some few years down the line. That is what I would understand. Is that 
right? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Absolutely. Absolutely, yes. 
Abhijeet: 
All right, sir. Thank you so much for answering the question. That's it from my side. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you. 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. Please 
proceed. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. Sir, my first question is on the order books. Our space and 
defense segment accounts for almost 18% of our order books. So, how is the execution period 
for them vis-a-vis execution for the pending order book and for Clean Energy? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, Clean Energy is much faster. As I said, only if I -- except for this technology change in -- 
from Yuma to Santa Cruz got deferred, but other than that, the order turnaround time is very 
less. That's within the calendar year in most of the cases. And then moving forward, we have to 
look at it. So, space and defense, they take a lot longer. So, probably, whatever order book we 
have, we'll try to -- it depends on the pre-issued material. 
So, everything is related to the pre-issued given by the department, but there we don't have the 
raw material content. So, the cycle is more or less like within a year or 1.5 year or two years, 
we'll be able to close out those orders. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Okay. So, and my second question is on our guidance revision, sir. So, we have downgraded our 
guidance to almost INR160 crores. So, this deferment of shipment, do you think that will lead 
to a bump-up in our execution in, say, early FY '25, so most of our regular growth, or even the 
execution, complete execution will be shifted to FY '25? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
The execution part will be for the next year, right? Whatever has been deferred, right, it will be 
for the next year, especially moving from Yuma to Santa Cruz. And it also depends on the kind 
of, the orders Bloom is looking at with the new model, things like that. So, it will not really 
affect our future growth plans at all. It's a temporary correction, what we have today, the change 
of model and inventory correction, other than that, I don't see much of a difference happening 
moving forward. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much, sir, and all the best for the second half. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial Service. Please 
go ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Sir, a couple of questions. One, if you can give us, because now the order book 
from Bloom is a little bit more, short order instead of one-year order, which we got it, say, last 
year this time. If you can give us some sense of the total order pipeline of, say, from Bloom, and 
also overall from the energy segment, the Clean Energy segment, is it the same or, say, more 
than 30% same time last year? Because that's the rate of growth that, we have used to grow. 
If you can give us some sense and flavor of that, that will help, because now we don't know how 
to look at our order book where we'll have some quarterly schedule from Bloom? Thanks. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So, Bloom has not indicated that they'll give us on a quarterly basis, but they have said that. But 
they want to stabilize on the Santa Cruz, version 2 or Block 2 model. Once they do that, then 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
they'll move forward to the annual contracts as well. So, that we'll know over a period of next 
one to quarter. So, it is not that they'll not release orders for the entire year. But as of today, we're 
looking at quarter-on-quarter orders being released, but probably they will look at giving orders 
for the entire year once the whole thing gets stabilized. 
So, that's already there. It's proven, and Block 2 has been proven. Everything is right on track 
with that. So, the overall growth, as I said, is intact. So, there's nothing to think twice about it. 
We've added a lot more companies in Clean Energy. I just don't want to go into details because 
of a lot of pushback from various customers and internally, we discussed about certain 
competitors as well. So, we want to be very clear on that. So, the overall growth track is intact 
for us, and we'll move forward in that direction. There's absolutely no issue with that. 
Amish Kanani: 
Yes. So, I'm not asking for the names of the, peers, but the overall total, order pipeline or 
prospects, as we call. Is it total prospects this time, versus the last time, last year, this time? Is 
it, say, more? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
We definitely have that growth percentage, what you have mentioned. That should not be an 
issue. Overall growth percentage, yes. 
Amish Kanani: 
Okay. And, sir, so, for example, probably we are looking at Bloom growing at between 20%, 
25% versus, probably 50%, 60%, expected. So, is it possible for, and given that different 
execution schedule for different vertical, can you throw some light on, maybe it's too early, for 
the kind of growth that we might have for FY '25, or the execution timeline of this INR1,500 
crores order book that we are expecting by end of this year, how should we look at it? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It's too premature to tell exactly the kind of growth we're looking at next year. But we are looking 
at definitely a reasonable and good amount of growth for next year. If I say, like, 30% to 40%, 
I'll be saying approximately, but I'll have more clarity by the end of, by next quarter. But we are 
on track with a reasonable amount of good growth going forward next year, for sure. But I'll 
come out with clear percentages by next quarter, for sure. 
Amish Kanani: 
Sure, that's it. And, sir, overall product size, you did mention on the ball screws side, but overall, 
how is the product ramping-up? Is it in line with expectation, or it's planning out better than our 
expectation? 
Srinivas Reddy: 
It's in line with the expectations, what we are looking at, but we still need to get certain 
certifications done, which will happen over this quarter and next quarter. So we are on track with 
that. That's not the issue. 
Amish Kanani: 
Okay, thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. In the interest of time, this would be our last question. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Srinivas Reddy for the closing comments. 
Srinivas Reddy: 
So I'd like to thank everyone for attending this call. And once again, I would like to reiterate that 
we are right on our growth track. It's only a temporary correction because of the technology 
change from certain areas of Clean Energy, which has shifted certain revenues. But we are on 

 
 
MTAR Technologies Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
track with our growth plan and we are doing a lot of work. I appreciate the entire team of 
engineers in MTAR, who are working on some phenomenal work in R&D for the future growth 
of this company. 
 
And I welcome any of the investors who are willing to come and visit us and see what kind of 
developments we have done for the future of this company. And as well as on our SSLV project, 
what we are working on right now. And it would, seeing is believing. I truly believe in that. And 
I would invite each one of you to come and see us and visit our facilities and our team to 
understand where we stand in terms of what we are doing for the future, which does not really 
reflect in numbers or balance sheets, but you can always, you're welcome to visit us. Thank you 
so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of MTAR Technologies Limited, we conclude the call. And for any 
queries, you can reach out to Orient Capital at irfan.raeen@linkintime.co.in. Thank you all for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
