 
 
 
 
Date: 1st November, 2023 
 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Investor Call pertaining to Financial Results for quarter ended on 
30th September, 2023 
 
Dear Sir / Madam,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the Investor Call held on Wednesday, 25th October, 2023 on the financial result of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2023. 
 
The transcript will also available on the website of the Company at 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
 
This is for your information and further dissemination.  
 
Thanking you, 
For Sona BLW Precision Forgings Limited 
 
 
 
Ajay Pratap Singh 
Vice President (Legal), Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
BSE Ltd. 
Regd. Office: Floor - 25,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Deptt., Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 543300 
NSE Scrip:  SONACOMS 
AJAY PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
AJAY PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2023.11.01 
14:36:37 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
SONA BLW Precision Forgings Ltd. (Sona Comstar) 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 25, 2023 
The webcast recording and the presentation referred to in this transcript are available on the website of the 
Company and can be accessed through the following link:  
 
https://sonacomstar.com/investor/investor-presentations 
 
Moderator: 
Welcome everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the 
Q2 & H1 FY24 earnings group conference call. Please note that all 
participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this call is being recorded. We request that you place your lines on 
mute except when asking a question. 
 
Slide 2: 
 
Some of the statements by the management team in today's conference 
call may be forward-looking in nature, and we request you to refer to the 
disclaimer in the earnings presentation for further details. The management 
will also not be taking any specific customer-related questions or confirming 
or denying any customer names or relationships due to confidentiality 
reasons. Please refrain from naming any customer in your questions. 
 
Now, I'll hand over the floor to Mr. Kapil Singh, Head of Consumer and Digital 
Commerce Research, India, and Lead Autos Analyst at Nomura. Kapil, 
please go ahead. Thank you very much. 
Kapil Singh: 
Slide 3: 
 
Good day, everyone. To take us through the Q2 FY24 and to answer your 
questions, we have the management team of Sona Comstar. Mr. Vivek 
Vikram Singh, MD & Group CEO; Mr. Kiran Deshmukh, Group CTO; Mr. Sat 
Mohan Gupta, CEO of Motor Business; Mr. Vikram Verma, CEO of Driveline 
Business; Mr. Rohit Nanda, Group CFO; Mr. Amit Mishra, Head - Investor 
Relations; and Mr. Pratik Sachan, DGM - Corporate Strategy and Investor 
Relations. I will now hand over the call to Vivek for his opening remarks and 
presentation. Over to you, Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Kapil. Welcome, everyone, to the next call of what has once 
again been our highest-ever quarterly revenue, EBITDA, and net profit. But 
before discussing our results further, I wanted to share an important strategic 
update. We've made a significant change to our vision statement, and this 
expanded ambition will now start reflecting in all our decisions going forward. 
This begins with our product and technology roadmap. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Slide 4:  
 
Our vision is to become one of the world's most respected and valuable 
mobility technology companies for our customers, employees, and 
shareholders. We believe mobility is a higher level of abstraction, which 
includes not just automotive, which is where we mostly play today, but all 
vehicles or devices that help transport humans and goods from one point to 
another. This expanded scope and expanded ambit demonstrate our 
growing ambitions and desire to use our technical prowess in either product 
or application adjacency. I will encourage all of you to look at our product 
slides, which are in the appendix of this presentation. That should give you a 
detailed mapping of our products across automotive and non-automotive 
segments as it stands today. And, hopefully, we can keep adding to this 
mapping as we move along. 
 
Slide 5: 
 
As I mentioned, in line with this change of vision, we have completely 
revamped and redone our product and technology roadmap. This has 
taken months of effort, and what we've tried to do is, in addition to the 
electrification mega-trend we've been addressing for a bit, we are now 
developing products and thought processes to capture opportunities in the 
other three areas of the epic future as well, which is personalized, intelligent, 
and connected. We've further added products that we intend to develop 
for the wider mobility landscape beyond automotive.  
 
This is easily the most extensive and elaborate product portfolio rejig we have 
ever done in the history of our company. We've added seven new products 
to our roadmap this time, two each in the Driveline Business and the Motor 
Business, and three in the newly acquired sensors business. We've also 
transformed how we represent our roadmap. So, this diagram, I think, mirrors 
the reality of our product journey so far. Each product tree begins with one 
initial legacy product, which serves as the root for each of these business 
verticals, that’s where we began. And from that root, have emerged live 
and evolving linear branches, which show how, by organically moving only 
one logical step at a time, we have branched out into creating so many 
new products. This also has helped us add optionality to create many more 
products because the product tree can keep branching forward or 
sideways at every node. And this creates even more possibilities and 
opportunities for us as a product-driven engineering company. This truly is the 
power of compounding of technology and knowledge and innumerable 
iterations at work.  
 
Now, I'll invite our Group CTO, Mr. Deshmukh, to explain these changes 
better than I could and also the seven new exciting products in more detail. 
Over to you, sir. 
Kiran Deshmukh: 
Thank you, Vivek, and a great day to all of you.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
 
Since this is the first time we are sharing the technology roadmap’s new 
format, let me explain its structure to you.  
 
As you would have noticed, we have revamped the roadmap that depicts 
the EPIC revolutions in four zones. The zones overlap, so although we've 
shown electric mobility in blue color, there are no fixed lines between the 
zones. The boundaries between them are indistinct and blurred. 
 
Let me begin with the Driveline division and its legacy product, the net 
formed differential bevel gears. Several years ago, we moved up the value 
chain and developed the differential sub-assembly for our off-highway 
customers. Recognizing the unique strength of our forming technology and 
design capabilities, we developed the final drive differential assembly for 
electric passenger vehicles and began supplying them in 2018. This new 
product opened up new opportunities for us in the EV space, and we 
developed three cutting-edge products: the spool gear, the electronic 
differential lock, and the epicycle gear train. We also moved further up the 
value chain from the final drive assembly and developed the intermediate 
gear and the rotor shaft. While the former branch shows how we went up 
the value chain in the drive train of the electric vehicles, another branch 
evolved from the straight bevel gears on the back of our technology, 
consolidating our knowledge and competencies in net-forming straight 
bevel gears, our R&D developed spiral bevel gears by extending those 
capabilities. 
 
Let me move to the motor division's legacy product, the starter motor. This 
product knowledge and the manufacturing know-how of the starter motor 
led us to develop the drive motor for electric vehicles. The first drive motor 
we developed was the hub-wheel motor for electric two-wheelers. We then 
developed the mid-mount drive motor and low-voltage inverter for high 
power two-wheelers and three-wheelers. We, after that, leveraged the 
strengths of the driveline and the motor divisions and developed the e-Axle 
for three-wheelers. The competencies that helped us develop the drive 
motor and the inverter that controls the motor, led us to develop a product 
for intelligent and personalized mobility: an integrated motor controller for 
active suspension. 
  
This should explain how the evolution of new branches from a node of the 
tree has helped us create more unique, groundbreaking products for the 
market. All the products depicted in this chart, which are in blue colored 
circles, are the products that are commercialized. These are tested and 
validated products, most of which are being supplied in series production 
and some we will begin delivering soon for which there are commercial 
purchase orders. 
  
The product roadmap tree is further extended to include our future products 
shown in white circles. These products are under development in our R&D 
centers in Gurugram and Chennai. In the earlier technology roadmap, we 
used to show them in a white semi-circle. You can see the logic of the new 
way of showing the roadmap: the chart clearly shows how the new products 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
are related to the products we are already making and how they contribute 
to the EPIC revolution. 
  
This quarter, we are adding seven new products to our roadmap. 
  
Manufacturers of electric vehicles are always looking for ways of reducing 
the vehicle weight to extend the vehicle's range. We are developing a 
lightweight differential with fewer parts and special alloys that are lighter in 
weight without compromising performance and durability. Our R&D 
engineers in the Motor division are busy developing a compact, cost-
effective inverter that is integrated with the motor, which takes less space 
and is easy to assemble on the vehicle. These efforts aim to make products 
that offer customers higher value and added convenience.  
 
In alignment with our new vision focus on mobility in general, and not just 
auto, we are developing drive motors for non-automotive mobility solutions 
such as AGVs, bots, marine, etc. Taking our gear geometry and 
manufacturing competencies to the next level, we are developing very 
accurate, exceptionally precise, and highly efficient non-involute gears for 
industrial robots. These efforts will help us enter the non-automotive mobility 
sector. 
 
As you know, we've added a third business vertical, the sensors and software. 
Our core technology here is radar sensing and perception. Our 
competencies include semiconductor chip design, radar sensor design, 
signal processing, perception, and sensor fusion software. Our radar 
technology detects life presence, child presence, and seat occupancy 
through vital signs such as heart rate and respiration sensing. This technology 
will also be used for other applications, such as optimized deployment of 
airbags, driver monitoring, and gesture control human-machine interface. 
The technology, when applied outside a vehicle, can carry out low-speed 
ADAS 
functions 
like 
autonomous 
parking, 
360-degree 
short-range 
awareness, and pedestrian and bicycle detection. The core technology of 
radar sensing and perception also has other non-automotive use cases. It 
can detect motion and presence for home office and factory automation. 
It can monitor the safety of workers around moving automatic equipment, 
such as robots, and can help avoid collision while providing guidance 
functions for autonomous industrial vehicles. 
 
The new restructured technology roadmap reflects our efforts in addressing 
the mega-trends of EPIC, leveraging the competencies built by us over the 
years. We will now use this framework to decide our way forward and 
communicate our intentions. With that, I'll hand it back to Vivek. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Slide 7: 
 
Thank you, sir. Now, back to the usual format of reporting our numbers. This 
has, as I mentioned at the start, been our highest-ever quarterly revenue 
EBITDA and, most importantly, net profit. On a YoY basis, our revenue grew 
by 20%, while EBITDA grew by 35%, and net profit increased by 34%. Our 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
margins have improved, primarily due to the product mix and also a little bit 
of operating leverage. BEV revenue grew by a solid 58% to an all-time high 
of 207 crores, and the BEV revenue share was at 27%. 
 
Slide 8: 
 
For H1, we continue to perform well on all three financial indicators: growth, 
margins, and returns. Our revenue, EBITDA, and PAT are up by 22%, 38%, and 
40%, respectively. Interestingly, our net profit in the first half of FY24 is higher 
than the full year of FY21. We've achieved this in the last 2.5 years of being 
publicly listed, despite COVID, chip shortages, extreme inflation, high interest 
rates, geopolitical conflicts, and many more things that one could imagine. 
And, while this may be surprising for some of you who have not been 
following us that closely, we have more than doubled our revenues every 
three years since FY16, so FY19 over 16, FY20 over 17, FY21 over 18, and so 
forth. And this resolute performance, despite any external event, is because 
of our tremendous team. I'm the face of it, but it's the team that is behind us 
that helps us do this. And another thing I would add is the unrelenting focus 
on technology and innovation, and on what is next, what will we be solving 
for three years later, we try and do it today. I think that mindset is the reason.  
 
Slide 11:  
 
Moving on to our biggest strategic priority, electrification. Our BEV revenue 
continues to grow, and we continue to build on our EV book. In Q2, two 
programs have gone into production – both in the Driveline business, taking 
our active number of programs to 25, with 10 fully ramped up and 15 in the 
ramp-up stage.  
 
We've also added two new EV programs in this quarter to our order book 
and one new EV customer. One program is from a new North American EV 
customer and another from an Indian OEM for traction motors for electric 
three-wheelers. We will elaborate upon both of these in the next slide. 
 
Slide 12: 
 
So first, the order we won from a new customer, this is a North American New 
Age OEM of high-end electric cars. We will supply what we are calling rotor-
embedded differential sub-assemblies for the customer's high-performance 
electric vehicles. This drivetrain is extremely compact because the 
differential has been directly integrated inside the rotor of the motor. It was 
a complex problem statement to solve, but I'm immensely proud of our 
engineering team for having solved it. 
 
The second one is the traction motor program for electric three-wheelers 
that we have won from one of the largest OEMs in India. They are an existing 
customer for the Driveline business, and we are happy to now have them as 
customers for our Motor business as well. This program is for their upcoming 
electric three-wheeler, and this win further reaffirms our leadership position in 
traction motors in the Indian market.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
 
Both these programs, as you can see on your screen, should begin serial 
production in FY25. 
 
Slide 13: 
 
Now, this slide is, as always, a good visual summary of the reach and diversity 
of our electrification mission. This quarter, we added one new customer in 
North America while adding one program each in North America and India. 
taking us to 48 EV programs across 28 unique customers   
 
Slide 15: 
 
Which brings us to our order book. With the addition of 6 billion worth of new 
orders at the end of Q2, our net order book has expanded to 221 billion, and 
the EV portion is 78% of that order book.   
 
Slide 17: 
 
Our fourth key result area (KRA) is diversification, and this trend of increasing 
electrification and decreasing ICE dependence continues unchecked. In 
the last two years, we’ve seen the ICE-dependent revenue frankly shrink to 
only about 11%. 
 
Slide 18: 
 
Graphically, the revenue mix is largely similar to the last financial year. North 
America remains the largest end market, contributing 40% to our revenue in 
H1. The European light vehicle market continues to recover strongly, which 
has now contributed 23% to our revenue. India was our fastest-growing 
market last quarter, and its revenue share increased to 30% in the first half. 
 
In the product mix, we've added a new segment, sensors and software. In 
the first week of September, we completed the NOVELIC acquisition, so we 
expect this segment's revenue share to increase rapidly over the medium 
term. 
 
Last quarter, if you remember, I had said that traction motors would be our 
fastest-growing product segment despite the reduction and noise around 
the FAME subsidy, and I'm happy to report that the revenue share from 
traction motors for electric two and three-wheelers has doubled from 2.5% in 
Q1 to 5% in H1, which means that Q2 was obviously very, very good. 
 
New programs have started and are ramping up, which was always going 
to be the case, and it has now started coming in. For those of you again, 
who have been following us, this at the time of our IPO was 0%. One thing I 
wanted to add before I hand it over to Rohit is that integrity is our first and 
primary core value. As some of you may have noticed, we always share 
even the smallest bit of negative news and risks upfront. We did that for the 
FAME subsidy impact last quarter; we did that with the UAW strike impact 
announcement we made last month. What we would urge and request is 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
that these announcements are received in the same spirit in which they are 
made. 
 
Having said that, I turn this over to our Group CFO, Mr. Rohit Nanda, to 
update us on our financials. Over to you, Rohit. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Thank you, Vivek. A very good day to you all. It’s my pleasure to share our 
second-quarter and first-half results with you 
 
Slide 20: 
 
The second quarter was our best quarter yet, as we clocked our highest ever 
revenue, EBITDA and PAT at Rs. 791 crores, Rs. 223 crores and Rs. 124 crores, 
respectively. Our revenue grew by 20% year on year, whereas light vehicle 
sales in our key markets of North America, India and Europe grew by only 
14%.  Our BEV revenue grew by 58% to Rs. 207 crores and was 27% of our total 
sales. Against revenue growth of 20%, our EBITDA has grown by 35%, mainly 
on account of a better product mix. Our adjusted PAT grew by 39% to Rs. 128 
crores, primarily due to higher EBITDA. The PAT adjustment here is for 
exceptional expenses that we’ve incurred for the NOVELIC acquisition. This 
quarter's consolidated results include NOVELIC’s financials for one month 
only, as we completed the acquisition of a 54% stake in NOVELIC towards 
the beginning of September.  
 
Slide 21: 
 
Coming to the first-half results, our H1 revenue was Rs. 1,523 crores, a growth 
of 22% against 15% growth in the underlying markets of North America, India, 
and Europe. Our BEV revenue grew by 33%, and it now constitutes 27% of 
total sales in the first half. Against 22% revenue growth, our EBITDA grew by 
38% to Rs. 427 crores, mainly due to a better product mix. Our adjusted PAT 
grew by 44% to Rs. 242 crores; that’s also mainly due to higher EBITDA. The 
adjustment to PAT here is related to exceptional expenses we’ve incurred for 
the NOVELIC acquisition. 
 
Slide 22: 
 
Moving on to our cash flows for the first half, during this period, we generated 
Rs. 300 crores of cash from operations, out of which we spent Rs. 141 crores 
for Capex and therefore, our free cash flow generation for this period was 
nearly Rs. 160 crores. The other large cash outflows during this period were 
primarily the NOVELIC consideration of about Rs. 210 crores and a dividend 
payment of Rs. 90 crore rupees.   
 
Slide 23: 
 
The last slide is on key ratios, and I'll only talk about the notable changes 
here. The first one pertains to our net debt to EBITDA ratio, which, as you 
would notice, has turned positive after the NOVELIC acquisition-related 
payment, although it continues to be extremely low. Besides this, we've seen 
an improvement in our return ratios compared to the last year. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
 
With this, we have come to the end of our Q2 earnings presentation, and I'll 
now hand the proceedings back to the Nomura team for Q&A.  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Now, we will open the floor for the Q&A session. If you 
wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand function located at the 
bottom right of the Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you 
to speak up, or you can submit your question in the Q&A chat box addressing 
all panelists. Please be reminded to keep your questions to a maximum of 
two questions. If you have more questions, please return to the queue. Thank 
you.  
 
Okay, we do receive a question coming from online. The first question is 
coming from Jinesh. Jinesh, your line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi:  
Hi, congrats on the great performance. So, a couple of questions from my 
side. One is on NOVELIC. Given that now the acquisition is complete, can 
you give us an update on how business has progressed since we first talked 
about it and how their order book has shaped up over the last almost nine 
months since we acquired them, initially, we talked about it. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah. Business is progressing well. I mean, it’s been one month since we 
acquired it. Next quarter I would say, I know capital markets are not very 
long-term focused, but one month is too small to give you an update; when 
we reach the end of next quarter, when we will complete one full quarter, 
we will try and integrate with our orderbook and other reporting metrics. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Ok. No, I was referring to when we originally announced the acquisition 
earlier during this calendar year vs. now; how it has progressed?  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
But even at that point, I doubt we would have shared order book or revenue. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
No, we had not. Nevertheless, we will wait for next quarter when the 
complete quarter is behind us. Secondly, on the impact of the strike of UAW 
in the US. Any sense on what percentage of our revenues are impacted by 
this strike in the US? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hard to say, as you know, this isn’t a general strike where all of the customer 
is impacted right? So, it’s plant by plant and everyday it changes. So 
yesterday I think two more plants have been struck. So, I doubt even Ford 
and GM can answer this question as of today that what it will be. What it was 
for last quarter is already reflected in our numbers. Let's see, I doubt that next 
quarter there will be too much discussion on this. Most likely, this strike should 
resolve itself by now. We did a little bit of reading, like I'm sure you would 
have done. The longest strike was 113 days 78 years ago, and the most 
recent one was 45 days. We are on day 40 of the strike. So, I would say we 
are closer to the end of the strike than the beginning. When we were at the 
beginning, we did issue a statement and put it up on the exchange so that 
people would be aware. But till now, as you can see in the results, the impact 
is not very high. Yeah, we would have perhaps been over Rs. 800 crores, 
we’re not, but that's okay. We can take it. And again, like I said about the 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
long term versus short term, regardless of what happens, even if the strike 
goes on for another month, there may be some financial hit, but it will be just 
for this quarter. It is a very temporary thing to have. I mean, we are not 
spending that much time as a management team on this. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And lastly, with respect to our EBITDA margin trajectory. So now we 
have crossed 28%. From current levels on structural parameters basis, what 
are the push and pull factors you are looking at from an EBITDA margin 
perspective? Thanks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, Jinesh, on that, we will stick with the same answer I have given ever 
since we went public. We would like to remain in the range of 25 to 27% for 
the medium term. That's our target range. Anything more is great, but that's 
our target range. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, I got it. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Jinesh. Next question is coming from Ms. Gunjan Prithyani. Your 
line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Yeah, Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two questions. Firstly, on the 
technology roadmap. Now the seven products, can you give us some sense 
on what are the sort of ongoing customer engagements as to how soon 
these products are due for commercialization? I am asking these questions 
because a lot of these, I assume, were inherently in work for a while, right? 
So, is it something that I look for in the next three to five years perspective or 
is it something which can convert in the next 12 to 18 months? So, a little bit 
more colour on these seven new products that have been added and 
where you feel most excited about.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Okay, again, an answer that’s not going to make you happy, but you 
already know what the answer is. We have no way of actually knowing with 
certainty whether they will convert or not also.  So, probability, as always, is 
between zero and hundred, and timelines could be as soon as the next few 
quarters to maybe never, and that’s one of the things we always upfront 
about when we develop new products that there is no guarantee for 
success as you saw and you would have by now known us. Two and a half 
years ago, if you go to FY21, when we had only three products: DA, starters 
and differential gears, all other products combined were less than Rs. 50 
crores. This year, in the first half, ten and a half percent that I shared in my 
presentation have come. So, about Rs. 160 crore in the first half itself, so if you 
analyze that Rs. 320 crore. So Rs. 50 crore has become 320 from other 
products. But at that point and you did ask me at the time of IPO, and I didn’t 
know, and that’s the truth that we don’t really know which one will succeed 
and by how much and how soon. All we are trying to say is that this is our 
impact, and this is our intent, and three to five years is safe. If it is not 
developed and commercialized within three to five years, we will much 
earlier than that drop it and we will publicly announce that we are dropping 
it, and it won't happen. And about excited, I am excited about all of them 
frankly, otherwise we won’t be doing them. In our strategy workshop, about 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
40-50 new product areas are discussed by the teams, and they bring them 
up. My painful job is to say no to many of them. So these are the seven that 
made it. So these are the seven we are truly excited about. Light weight 
differential, if we can reduce the number of parts that go in a differential 
assembly, can be a game changer right? I mean, no part is a good part, is 
what is said, but obviously, then auto component guys will go out of business. 
So, less parts is a good part is what we're trying to do. Instead of having 10 to 
12 moving parts, can we reduce it even more? That is very exciting. Very 
excited about, I would say, the integrated motor controller. I think it's an idea 
that should have been done long ago. I don't know why nobody did it. That 
why don't we put the motor inverter everything into one body and sell it as 
one product? It just makes so much sense from a thermal management, from 
a space management, from lightweighting and everything perspective. 
Sensors, I think there is a great opportunity in the in-cabin, of course, we have 
discussed it, but in the short-range as well. So, all three, I would say. Robotics, 
I would say, is slightly earlier than these three because they are closer to 
where we are. The other three are slightly further from where we are. I don't 
know if I helped you at all. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
No, at least giving me these three where you clearly see a big business case 
from an OEM perspective that helps. And I'm assuming, you mentioned 
during the integrated motor controller that the competitive landscape also 
here is not, you know, doing a product which is out there and competition is 
doing it in a big way. It's relatively niche, and that's what I understood from 
your comments.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Correct. That is the thing that it's an opportunity that we noticed, and if we 
can get it and get it with the customer, that would be cool. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, just the second question is on this revenue ramp-up that we've seen in 
this quarter on the BEVs. Is there a little bit more colour you can give us in 
respect of, whether is it coming from an existing OEM ramp-up or the new 
programs that have been commissioned in the last two quarters, including 
this one itself, like a bit more colour in the execution? Have we seen any new 
large BEV OEMs starting to kick in? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Rohit, you want to take this? I think only one traction motor program got 
ramped up. Apart from that, it's all the same program same customers. 
Rohit Nanda:  
Correct. It's essentially because of one large program for traction motors that 
has ramped up during this quarter. So QoQ is a growth of 12.5% actually, 
Gunjan. 
Gunjan Prithyani:  
Ok. Got it. I will join back the queue. Thank you so much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much, Gunjan. Just a quick reminder to the audience. If you 
wish to raise a question, please use the raise hand function located at the 
bottom right of the Webex page. We will unmute your line and prompt you 
to speak up, or you can submit your question in the Q&A chat box addressing 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
to all panellists, Thank you. The next question is coming from Arvind. Arvind, 
your line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Arvind Sharma:  
Hi, Good Evening. Thank you so much for taking the question. It’s about 
Equipmake. Any details that you can share on any sort of order win or any 
clarity on the revenue stream? I know it’s still far away, but anything that has 
happened in the quarter. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Yeah, Sure. So it is a licensing agreement, as you know, and Equipmake has 
been winning orders. I think they are a public company like us, so we have 
to be careful about what they have disclosed and what not. But they have 
disclosed, I think, recently a win on motors from a North American off-
highway customer. So that can be found out. But like I say, they have their 
own investor relations thing on their website. Details must be there. But on our 
end, there are two parts of that agreement that we have signed, one is we 
manufacturing motors for them, for their production, and we also 
developing and selling new in India and Southeast Asia. On that, I think we 
have given the timelines by that it can’t be before 2025. Sat, you want to 
add anything to that? 
Sat Mohan Gupta:  
Yeah, Thanks, Vivek. Equipmake products will be launched sometime last 
quarter of CY25 or the first quarter of CY26. And right now, as soon as the 
development is concerned, we are validating the design and the motors 
which suit the Indian conditions of our customer expectations. So, I mean, as 
far as the revenue for us is concerned, it will be in FY26. 
Arvind Sharma:  
Got it; thank you for taking my questions. That’s all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much, management and Arvind. Next question is from Hitesh. 
Your line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Congratulations on a very good set of results. My first question is 
housekeeping. I just wanted to understand why the other expenses on a 
QoQ basis have come down, which has led to margin expansion on a QoQ 
basis. Can you explain that what is the reason? Rohit, if you can give some 
more colour? 
Rohit Nanda: 
Sure. So Hitesh like I said this is primarily because of product mix. So, there are 
certain products, basically, there is an assembly part of the business. So when 
the revenue from the assembly part of the business goes up, then typically, 
the other expenses tend to go down, whereas material costs tend to go up. 
So it's primarily because of that.  
Hitesh Goel: 
And any colour on PLI incentives? Have we started to get some colour from 
the government on PLI? Because some companies have started talking 
about it, so just want to get some colour? 
Rohit Nanda: 
Yeah. So I mean, in a way, I’ll say we are in touch, in the sense, we are going 
through the process that’s been outlined by the government but we will let 
you know once we have all the approvals in place. So we have put in the 
application, and as you may know, there is a separate application for each 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
of the products. So it’s a slightly long-drawn process. So, I’ll say we are in the 
queue, and once we have all the approvals in place we will inform you guys. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Hitesh, to add to that, we will talk about it once it's done as is our usual 
practice. 
Hitesh: 
My final question is, you know, our team is also writing about EV adoption 
slowing down. It could be temporary because the prices of battery costs 
went up, and the production costs are also going up globally. So, anything 
on that front, although you are actually adding many customers and 
growing much faster. But any colour on that. What are you seeing on the EV 
side? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Fascinating question, actually. Hitesh, this is a much longer answer and a 
very long discussion. And I will draw reference to at least 20 other industries, 
and we tried to study what happens from single digit to 90% plus when 
technologies change in a 15-year period, and there always comes this point 
where it seems to stagnate just before it’s coming to that 10 to 15% mark, 
every single time. And most often, or more often than not, it gets corrected 
in the next 18 -24 months, and then it starts its upward journey again. So, it is 
a long discussion, and there are lots of factors at play here; geopolitics is 
certainly one of them. I mean, the post-COVID geopolitics shifting is one of 
the reasons this graph is not an uninterrupted straight line at a 45-degree 
angle. Second is also the new social dynamics playing out, for example, with 
the UAW, etc. and the European Unions. So yeah, it’s interesting times. A 
longer discussion. We are covered regardless because we always try and 
prepare for growth on our own steam, which means industry tailwinds 
shouldn’t be your primary factor of growth, and we’ve succeeded more 
often than not again. But yeah, it is a very interesting discussion, and perhaps 
we’ll get some time to have it. It is going through this thing because the 
battery cell cost is not going down. If you remember, in the solar industry, the 
exact same thing happened – solar panels. They went down almost like a 
straight line – the cost and then it almost straightened for a bit before starting 
to go down again. I think here also the move to a better, cheaper cell 
technology will be what will make these tassels go away, and again, that 
acceleration will start. And I think it will happen. And you need a period 
where it seems everything is against you for this to break out inventions to 
happen, and I think it will. Semisolid state, maybe some other chemistry, 
maybe instead of LFP, we pick another one from the first column of the 
periodic table because any of those elements could theoretically do the job, 
so maybe sodium, we don’t know, but yeah, it will be interesting to see. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Great, thanks, Vivek. And all the best. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thanks, Hitesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, management and thank you, Hitesh. Next question is from Nitij. 
Nitij, go on; your line is unmuted; go ahead. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
Nitij Mangal: 
Hi, good evening and congratulations on a great quarter. Before I go ahead 
with my question, I just wanted to say that your new differential order wins 
seem quite commendable that you could fit a high-speed differential inside 
a moving rotor, which must be a very interesting engineering challenge. I 
wanted to ask you a bit on the customer concentration, especially on the 
EV differential side. What would be the share of your top customer in that? 
How is it moving? How’s that in the order book? And on that same note, 
you’ve done very well in North America in EV differentials; how do you see 
the roadmap to replicate that in Europe? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
First of all, thank you. Engineer to engineer. But congratulations are not to me 
at all. This is to Vikram, and Mathew, and Narender and team. These are the 
guys who’ve done it. I’ve not done that much on this. It is a truly, truly, truly 
amazing drivetrain, and the more you study, the more you learn. And we 
learned a lot in this project. I think more than the commercial value of it, 
what is a real takeaway for us is that our ability to deliver to the most exacting 
and different standards of leading carmakers. That’s the confidence that we 
are working with the best and doing the best things. Coming to the 
concentration, I think we’ve already mentioned this before that there is no 
customer who is greater than 20%. In fact, it’s slightly less only, and that’s not 
for EV diff; it is for in general. So it’s not that it’s really worrisome. Europe, we 
should see a fair amount of growth, say 2025 onwards. We have two good 
programs launching with two big European OEMs, so we should have more 
geographic diversity in revenue share also coming in from 2025-2026. 
Moderator: 
Nitij, did that answer your question, please? Okay, moving on to the next 
question, it’s from Garvit. Garvit, your line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Garvit: 
Good evening to all. Thanks for the opportunity. Just two questions. One is 
on the Europe size, so based on the discussions that you people are having 
with the OEMs in Europe. So, how do you see the demand outlook there? 
Like India is doing well last time you mentioned, and we are seeing the 
numbers also, but what about the sentiments in Europe and are we seeing 
any kind of traction in terms of Europe plus one due to the rise in the energy 
prices in Europe? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So thank you, first of all, Garvit. In Europe, our revenue share has increased 
this quarter. I think we are at 23%, so that shows that Europe is doing fairly 
well. If you remember, last year it has fallen quite a bit. Even during our 
discussions, as I just mentioned to Nitij, in 2025, we should see quite a lot of 
European DA business coming in. So it’s decent. Europe plus one, this is the 
first time I’m hearing this phrase, so I’ve no idea on this one. Europe used to 
outsource to China, and some of that is shifting elsewhere. And when I say 
elsewhere, it doesn’t necessarily mean that it’s all coming to India, but it is 
moving away from China is something we are seeing as a trend 
Garvit: 
Secondly, you talked about your vision like we are shifting from an 
automotive technology player to a mobility technology player, as you 
mentioned. So can you please put some colour like where we are going to, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
like we want to be a technology partner or a component supplier to railways 
or aero OEMs like Boeing, etc., or what is the exact perspective? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So, correctly understood, but why just railways and aero, why not drones, 
why not boats, why not marine, why not bots, so we are saying all of it. So 
you are right, but I’m saying add more. What it means is our ambition: see 
you start with a vision, and then from that vision comes all the decisions that 
you take on the activities that you would do. If you look at our revenue 
today, non-automotive, which I’ll say off-highway vehicles, construction and 
farm equipment, etc., is 10%. We think there is a lot of scope for this 10% to 
grow and be much, much more, and there are many devices that may not 
have been invented yet, frankly, which will be transporting goods and 
human beings in 2035. By changing our vision and our mindset, we are saying 
from now on, going forward, all of these industries are also our industries. They 
are not just a division between us and them, auto vs non-auto. All of the 
mobility is now our scope, rather than being a subset of mobility, which was 
automotive. That’s the point. So your understanding is correct that it could 
be railway, it could be aerospace, it could be space, it could be bicycles, 
and anything that moves human beings and/or goods is now in our scope. 
That’s the point. 
Garvit: 
Thank you very much, Sir. And all the best for the future. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Thank you, Garvit. Actually, I was trying to answer your question through the 
Q&A chatbox, but I couldn't because it is not allowing me to send the answer 
Moderator: 
Thank you both. I believe Nitij has a follow-up question. Nitij, please go 
ahead. 
Nitij: 
Thanks. When you talk about Europe scaling up from 2025 onwards, is there 
a good part of EV differentials or what kind of business is looking in that scale-
up? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
So Pratik, can you take us back to the slide, which has the visuals of the world 
map and programs? So, Nitij, if you look at this, we have seven programs with 
five customers. Five of them are for Driveline. The two that are in motors are 
for plug-in hybrid motors; those are already running. So all the new for now 
in the order book are coming from passenger vehicle electric differential 
assembly as a product. So that’s the answer. 
Nitij: 
Thank you very much 
Kapil Singh: 
We have a couple of questions from the chat box. One is – can you please 
give some colour on steel prices and its impact on profitability? In the last 
quarter, you mentioned that steel prices have come down lately. The prices 
of steel alloys used in manufacturing and auto components haven’t come 
down. So any colour on that? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Sure, so Vikram is closest to that, so I will allow him to answer. 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
Vikram Verma: 
I think steel prices are rather stable. The alloy surcharge keeps going up and 
down. That has also come down. But there is another increase expected. So 
I think this keeps happening every quarter. So it's pretty difficult to tell what 
the future quarter is going to be.  
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Correct. Because when you talk to steel mill guys. They will always say we are 
expecting a price increase. If you talk to their customers, which are OEMs, 
they will say there is no chance of that. Because if they are not buying, prices 
won’t go up. And then you have the whole geopolitical angle in China and 
all of this. So very hard to predict. But so far, for the last six months, they've 
been fairly stable. Like Vikram rightly said, some of the things like moly and 
chrome, and you know, nickel, they keep going up and down. So the price 
can go up and down a little bit, but not too much, so it's reasonably stable. 
Kapil Singh: 
Sure, there is one more question. Great pickup in the traction motor business, 
but if we see the BEV revenue excluding traction motors, the revenue has 
been flattish for the past few quarters. Is there any seasonality in the Driveline 
business, or is there something else we should be aware of? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
There is no seasonality that I am aware of, at least. There shouldn’t be. No. I 
think, a lot of times in these analyses, we overlook factors because we are 
assuming a very linear world. It isn’t really. So, last quarter, traction motors 
were unnaturally depressed, and this quarter, they are high because there is 
also a bit of makeup. So again, a quarter is not a great; I mean, it’s not a big 
enough time period to make these comparisons, which is one of the reasons 
we do H1 and compare it with the whole year. That would be the better one, 
but yeah, if Driveline EV revenue is not going up, it would be because there 
is no new program, and no new customer has gone online in that quarter. 
You should not expect it too also to increase too much. While we have said 
that our BEV revenue on a year-on-year basis has grown by 58%. Flattish is 
not a word I would use. I don’t know how to answer that. Actually, the 
problem becomes that we are comparing percentage share or 
proportionality in a very fast-growing company. So something that looks like 
even our starter motor business, by the way, seems like it has shrunk so much, 
but it hasn’t shrunk. In the last two and a half years, in absolute terms, it has 
gone up. But because the rest of the business is growing so fast, that growth 
of 20% looks very low in a business that is doubled. So again, what I would 
say to people trying to study and understand our business is, which is 
something we do internally, write down absolute numbers and look at them 
and also understand that things that are dependent and which is most of 
our growth is from new programs, they grow as a step function. So if you guys 
recall, when we listed, we used to be doing about 400-odd crore of revenue 
per quarter. Then we jumped, and we went to about 500, from there we 
went to 600, and then we went to 700 and now we finally come close to 800, 
but in the middle, there are two-three quarters following that quarter which 
are flat, and it grows again, but if you look at it year on year, I would say that 
the growth has been fairly decent.  

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Okay, thank you very much. The next question would be a follow-up question 
from Gunjan. Gunjan, your line is unmuted; please go ahead. 
Gunjan: 
Hi, Thanks for taking my follow-up. I just wanted to quickly check that this 
market share that you annually share on differential gears and the starter 
motor business. Is there anything incremental that is worth flagging? Are we 
seeing improvement on the diff gear side, given that we were looking at 
Europe as a market? Anything on the starter motors? So, just directionally, 
how we are progressing on the market share gain that we were thinking 
about. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It should have increased. How much? is a tough question to answer because 
we do this exercise once a year at the end of the calendar, so I’ll ask you 
that question: how many vehicles were sold by 30th September in the world? 
Roughly? So, Gunjan, I’m asking you because you would know better. 
Gunjan: 
Sorry, you were asking me how many have been sold in the first half of the 
year 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Not the first half, nine months have passed in the calendar. 
Gunjan: 
Nine months should be about close to 62-63, roughly around 60 million or so. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
60 million light vehicles. Let's add a couple of millions of others and make it 
63 multiplied by 5. And I’m doing completely back of the envelope. That will 
be 315 million bevel gears as a total world market for the first nine months. 
Pratik, how many, or Vikram, if he remembers, how many gears have we 
produced in the first nine months and sold? That is the market share; I mean, 
I'm doing a very rough one just for you. But Pratik, how many? Do you know? 
Pratik Sachan: 
Not exactly, but it may be somewhere around 34-35 million. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
That’s a little high for nine months. 
Vikram Verma: 
It’s around 3.75 million we are doing every month multiple by 9 months is 33.7 
million, divided by 5, is 6.75 million vehicles. So if there are 60 million vehicles, 
then we are nearly 9-10%  
Gunjan Prithyani: 
So it’s roughly around 8.5% or so. So, on this calculation, it seems that you are 
gaining. The other question, a little broader one, I had on this order book of 
221 billion that we have. Now you that there is a lot more granularity on this 
in terms of how this feat of new age, incumbents, what’s running program, 
so I just wanted to get your perspective on, you know, when we look at the 
landscape that it’s certainly been slower movement of some of the new age 
companies and all this debate, you know, Hitesh brought up that EV 
adoption seems to be, maybe not slowing down but it seems that it’s not 
accelerating at the pace that we anticipated last year. So when you look 
at this composition, do you see that the risk from a conversion perspective, 
where you were looking at three years that we should be within 60-65% 
conversion, that probably gets pushed out because it’s more slower on EVs 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
and some new age companies seem to be struggling a bit in terms of the 
offtake in the market. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
Yeah, that could be true, but fortunately, the new-age EV customers are not 
that many for us, and even in our traction motor business, most of our 
revenue comes from legacy, solid balance sheet, solid credential OEMs. 
Similarly, for Driveline also there aren’t that many. The percentage coming 
from new-age EVs is single digit at best, and it's not very high. That is not a 
risk. The risk would be that it could be slow, but I doubt, Gunjan, that the 
electrification of how many vehicles will happen by 2030 or 2035 would 
change. So it could be that we go slow in the middle, and then suddenly it 
picks up. So there could be periods like that, but the end result, I doubt, is 
going to change. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. All right. Thank you so much. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
And also, just to give comfort to other people, if a lot of the slightly less certain 
prospects OEMs in EV, we don’t add to our order book. We assign them a 
null value till we are certain that they will survive. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay. All right. Thank you so much. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thank you, Gunjan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, management. In the interest of time, I pass the line to Kapil now. 
Kapil, please go ahead. Thank you. 
Kapil Singh: 
Yeah, thanks. We have a couple of questions in the chat box. One of them 
is: Can you recap the dollar Capex needed for every $1 of revenue? What 
has been the trend historically versus the new order book? Basically, I'm trying 
to get a sense of how much Capex is required to service the order book you 
have. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I will let Rohit answer this. 
Rohit Nanda: 
Historically, for every dollar, we've been able to generate $2 of revenue 
when it comes to the driveline business. For the motor business, the ratio is 
more like 1:5 to 1:6, actually. 
Kapil Singh: 
The last question in the chatbox is, do suppliers to OEMs get a bigger 
advantage? One of the gear suppliers from Taiwan is opening a plant in New 
Mexico. Do we plan to do any production plant in North America? 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
It's kind of too specific. As you know, we have made it a policy that we do 
not talk about others. So, others’ plans are others’ plans? I think it's on the 
exchange, right? We announced our Mexico subsidiary and investment a 
couple of months ago. So yeah, we are in the process of setting up in Mexico. 
But that's got nothing to do with who else is doing what. We've tried for a 
long time to tell you that our way is fairly organic and driven by us. The race 
is long, and in the end, we are running against ourselves, and that's who we 
are trying to beat. Who else is doing what? Yes, we respect our competition, 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
and competition is a fact of life. It's a way of life. It will keep coming, and it 
will come from very surprising places. So we don't take anyone lightly, but we 
can't let our locus of control be outside us. It cannot be driven by news and 
others' movements. We need to have our own plan, our own direction, and 
our own vision. And we are following that map. The time when it comes that 
it looks like we are slipping, of course, we will try and course correct. But so 
far, I think the results are also speaking that that is the right way. 
Kapil Singh: 
Vivek, just one last question from my side. A very interesting discussion on 
product, EV evolution and penetration. One of the angles there is also that 
as a product undergoes improvement, these cycles come where some new 
innovation or product improvement happens, and that also leads to the next 
wave of adoption. And so, because you are seeing a lot of products from 
your lens, where are the major improvements that you're seeing coming 
through in the next 2-3 years which could help consumers adopt more 
electric vehicles? You can talk across segments, across geographies, 
whatever you are seeing for the audience. 
Vivek Vikram Singh: 
I think Hitesh, Gunjan, and you, all of you, are driving to the same point. I think 
there is going to be a significant innovation in electric vehicles and at a 
much lower cost, and it is the cost; it is actually the price and the cost, the 
price to the consumer, and the cost to produce it. If we go about it doing it 
in the old way we were, it will not be feasible. And I think a lot of OEMs have 
now publicly come out and said that that way does not make us money. 
Retrofitting old vehicles with an electric powertrain is not going to be the way 
to success here. You have to think from zero, from first principles, and build 
vehicles that were born to be electric. I think the drivetrain, powertrain 
components, and even things which were structural and not looked at so far 
are being looked at now, even chassis parts. How can you make them to 
make the cost lower and hence the price lower? I think within two years, 
there will be a lot more very affordable EVs out there. And this question may 
not be asked, the big one that is still unanswered perhaps. And again, all of 
you know this well is the battery part. Apart from that, I guarantee all the 
other costs will keep going down. I mean, in our own experience, Vikram, 
right, we've seen this. The same driveline is now 25 to 30% lower in price and 
cost to us to make than it used to be just in the last four years. If every supplier, 
the same thing is happening. So, the non-battery parts are going down in 
cost every time. And as economies of scale increase, unfortunately for low-
volume players, these things never have an advantage. So why do you see 
the new-age guys struggling becomes a chicken and egg because they 
don't have the scale to either invest in mass manufacturing and newer 
manufacturing processes, which are low cost or with their supply chain 
partners working towards much lower cost products? So, the bigger guys 
have gotten bigger in this field. And if somebody else doesn't do those 
innovative things, the divide will keep increasing, in fact. And that's not great. 
Actually, I know that we benefit from that as well, but it's not great for the 
ecosystem. For EVs to reach 90% plus by 2035, it has to become a mass 
movement, and every OEM should become good at it. So again, a very 
interesting discussion. My firm belief is that it will become much more 

 
 
 
 
Sona Comstar – Q2 FY24 Earnings Call      
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
affordable, and that kind of thing will be only 2-2.5 years in the making, and 
it will come now. 
Kapil: 
Sure, thanks. That was the last question. Ronald, can we close the call? 
Moderator: 
All right. Thank you very much, management. Thank you to all the audience 
on the line. In the interest of time, we’ll now conclude this call. If you have 
any follow-up questions, please feel free to email the Nomura sales rep or 
corporate access team. Thank you everyone for your time. You may drop off 
the call now. Thank you, management team 
 Kapil: 
Thanks, management and thanks, team. Thanks for giving us the opportunity 
to host the call. And as always, it was a great discussion. Have a good 
evening, everyone. Thanks. 
Vivek Vikram Singh:  Thanks, Kapil. Thanks, Ronald. Thank you everyone for your valuable time and 
attention. Please let us know if there is any specific and actionable 
feedback, and we assure you that we will work on it and try to improve. See 
you all in the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has 
been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
