 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                                            CIN: L27205MH2007PLC172598 
 Regd. Office: 241/243, Zaveri Bazar, Mumbai - 400 002. Tel.: +91 22 3956 5001, 91 22 4046 5001 
Corp. Office: 11th Floor, West Wing, Tulsiani Chambers, Free Press Journal Road, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021.  
                                                                         Tel.: 022 3073 5000, 91 22 4925 5000 www.tbztheoriginal.com
Date: 15th November, 2023 
 
To, 
The Manager,  
 
 
The Manager, 
Compliance Department 
 
Compliance Department 
BSE Limited  
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Corporate Service Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Re: 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Script Code & ID: 534369 / TBZ 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors/ Analyst  
 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors / Analysts on Wednesday, 8th 
November, 2023 at 3.00 p.m. (IST). A copy of transcript of conference call held with the Investors/ 
Analysts is enclosed herewith and the same has also been put up on the Company’s Website at 
www.tbztheoriginal.com.The audio recording of the Conference call was submitted to the Stock 
Exchanges on 8th November, 2023. We further confirm that no unpublished price sensitive 
information was shared / discussed in the meeting / call. 
 
The transcript is available on the following weblink: 
 
Weblink: https://www.tbztheoriginal.com/storage/Transcript-Q2(FY23-24)(08.11.23).pdf 
We request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
 
 
Niraj Oza 
Head - Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
NIRAJ 
ROHITKU
MAR OZA
Digitally signed by NIRAJ 
ROHITKUMAR OZA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=7476, 
pseudonym=133370865068706029
C233mFF3ghk5P8, 
2.5.4.20=4ae838cce10fe9e4890967d
e6a5315b6a38de58054826f8ea04d9
9fefdd9e13f, postalCode=400075, 
st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=860f1bde68e9c4b56f
56e7997bf42b1b51528bc5658d661
830af5beb648ddbe7, cn=NIRAJ 
ROHITKUMAR OZA 
Date: 2023.11.15 01:58:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 7 
 
 
 
 
 
“Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. BINAISHA ZAVERI – WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR - 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LIMITED 
MR. MUKESH SHARMA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
TRIBHOVANDAS BHIMJI ZAVERI LIMITED 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, you may press star then zero on your touch tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Binaisha Zaveri, Whole-time Director of the 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited. Thank you ,and over to you, ma'am. 
Binaisha Zaveri: 
Good afternoon, esteemed guests and shareholders. It's my pleasure to welcome you to the 
earnings call of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited for the second quarter and the first half of 
the fiscal year 2023-'24. 
 
In the Indian jewellery market, a landscape both dynamic and challenging, our legacy of over 
159 years stands as a guiding beacon. At TBZ, we're not nearly a brand but a legacy, seamlessly 
integrating our rich culture and heritage with evolving aspirations of our patrons. Despite facing 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 7 
 
market challenges in Q2 FY '24 and first half FY '24, TBZ has started a resilient growth path, a 
clear reflection of our unwavering commitment to quality, robust margin projection and a deep 
resonance with our customers' desires. 
 
Our recent collections are a testament to this approach, blending our historical legacy with 
contemporary design and captivating our clientele. With the upcoming inauguration of our new 
store in Vapi, Gujarat, we are poised to bring our timeless elegance and unparalleled 
craftmanship to our new markets and generations. 
 
In a world marked by geopolitical uncertainties and economic shifts, our steadfast strategy 
focuses on elevating our brand desirability in the vibrant Indian market. This will be realized 
through our relentless commitment to product excellence and superior distribution. Our team's 
dynamic energy and unmatched creativity are pivotal in this journey, setting us on a path to meet 
market expectations and fortifying our position in this sector. 
 
As we forge ahead our resilience rooted in strategic acumen and team dedication will be key to 
delivering steady growth and success. I extend my gratitude to your continued trust in us. 
 
I now invite our CFO, Mr. Mukesh Sharma, to provide further insight into our financial 
performance. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Thank you, Ms. Binaisha. Good afternoon to everyone present here today. In the dynamic realm 
of India's jewellery market, the narrative of TBZ Limited in the first half of FY '24 is a 
compelling story of resilience and strategic innovation. We faced challenges head on from 
intense market competition to pressure for discounts. Our response has been marked by a blend 
of creative design and uncompromising quality, enabling us to maintain strong margins and 
conquer discount pressure effectively. 
 
Our financial journey, though challenged by a 5.9% decrease in total operating income to INR 
1,116.7 crores, is one of a kind. We achieved a substantial 49.4% growth in EBITDA during H1 
FY '24 and an impressive 137% increase in profit before tax. These figures symbolize more than 
just financial success, they represent our commitment to excellence in both operation and design. 
 
In quarter 2 FY '24, despite a decrease in operating income to INR 480.6 crores, we saw our 
strategy bear fruit with a 40.4% increase in EBITDA and significant rise in PBT and PAT of 
60.6% and 63.6%, respectively. This performance is a testament to our ability to stick to the 
game plan even in the challenging times. 
 
Looking ahead, we are excited about our upcoming store opening in Vapi, Gujarat, by quarter 3 
FY '24. This new venture is not just an expansion, it's a step forward in our continuous journey 
of growth and excellence. It represents our unwavering commitment to bringing the finest 
jewellery rooted in TBZ's rich heritage to a wider audience. 
 
Allow me to share a quick story that encapsulates our ethos. Recently, our team crafted a bespoke 
piece inspired by traditional Indian motifs but with a contemporary twist for a client. The 
overwhelming appreciation from the client was not just for the jewellery but for keeping the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 7 
 
essence of our rich culture alive in our creation. This is what drives us, the passion of creating 
exceptional jewellery that resonates with our customers' hearts and heritage. 
 
As we move forward, our focus remains on sustaining growth through operational efficiency 
and our passion for creating exceptional jewellery. Your support and trust inspires us to reach 
new heights. Thank you once again for joining us today. I am now ready to take your questions 
and engage in further discussions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Sonal Jain, who's an individual Investor. 
Sonal Jain: 
I have 2 sets of questions. The first one is that you mentioned about the new store in Vapi and a 
plan for the wedding season and the medium-term growth. Can you please provide more 
information on the company's growth strategy and expansion plans for the near future? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yes. So we have opened a new store at the first week of November in Vapi. There's quite a good 
demand we observed there. And therefore, we opened our second store. We do have a plan, as I 
have been always sharing with you all, that we do have a plan to expand both through company's 
own stores as well as the franchisee network. You will very soon see some new stores coming 
up in different geographies as well. We have a range of wedding collections. Now the weddings 
are lined up as everyone knows. The entire wedding season, we are filled with stocks and lots of 
new designs we have added into our inventory, and we are hopeful for a good wedding season 
in quarter 3. 
Sonal Jain: 
Sure. My second question is somewhere there. Could you please also provide you details on the 
growth and strategy related to the diamond segment? And how it is compared to the gold 
segment in terms of margin ratio? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yes. So the margin between the gold and diamond is quite a big amount of gap. We have been 
seeing there's quite a good amount of growth in our diamond jewellery segment. And our 
diamond ratio to the gold sales ratio has increased by 5% to 6%. So we have almost touched 
70:30 gold and diamond ratio in our sales, which is reflecting into our margin improvement as 
well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utsav, who's an individual investor. 
Utsav: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand like how many stores are you planning to open up in the next 
half year? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
In the first half, we have opened 1 store. 
Utsav: 
In the next, the upcoming, how many stores are in the pipeline that we can see? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
We are planning to open between 3 to 5 stores in the Second half. 
Utsav: 
Okay. And I just want to get an idea like the wedding season has come, even we see like the 
Navaratri and Diwali coming up. So what kind of sales growth we can see this quarter or the 
next half year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 7 
 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So see, because of the very high prices of the gold, the demand was sluggish at the beginning of 
the season. But now demand is  picking up. It's difficult to outline a particular or specific number 
in terms of the growth, but we are seeing at least flattish sale or a little bit growth over the last 
year. 
Utsav: 
And the margins will be sustainable, right? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
The margin will be sustainable, yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sir, can you explain to us the store economics when it comes to how much it cost you to set up 
new stores? And what is usually your average size of the store, et cetera? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So the size of the store is within 2,000 to 2,500 square feet. And the capex cost, which is invested 
in a particular store is somewhere between INR 7,000 to INR 10,000 psqft.  Approximately INR 
10,000 per square feet investment goes into the store capex, so we can consider somewhere 
between INR 2 crores, INR 2.5 crores or INR 3 crores goes into the capex for a new store. Now 
it depends on the location, the inventory also has been kept as 50 to 60 kg and similarly, we keep 
diamond also around 2,000 carats. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Sorry, I didn't get the last one, diamond also? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Diamond is approximately 2,000 carats or 3,000 carats. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. And what is the payback period usually for these stores? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So payback period in what sense? In capex, you are talking? 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Yes, in capex. If you could give both capex and capex payback period. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So from a store perspective, we see inventory turn, which in gold is around 2 to 2.5 turn, and 
diamond is around 1.5 turn. That's inventory turn. And from a capex payback period, we can 
consider around 2 to 3 years. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Okay. All right. Also, I mean, let's say a normal year, I mean, this year, we have seen a festive  
push to Q3. I mean, if I take a normal year, what would be the proportion of the revenue that 
you would see in H1 compared to H2? I mean, if you could give an estimate of it. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
See, it will be, I can say 40-60 H1 to H2. Normally, in our  jewellery retail, Akshay Tritiya  falls 
into the first half, whereas Diwali / /Dhanteras  falls into the second half. Of course, there is a 
wedding season there are other occasions as well. However these are the 2 major occasions 
(Akshay Tritiya and Diwali). But there is good  demand during the festive season and there are 
other functions like Ganesh Chaturthi in Mumbai that we celebrate at a large scale, Raksha 
Bandhan is there and so on. There are different occasions, festivals in India. India is filled with 
festivities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 7 
 
 
Also the part of Diwali festival sometimes falls into first half part of the year, and sometimes 
into the second half of the year. Like last year, some portion of the festive season has fallen in 
quarter 2  e.g. Navaratri started from 24th of September in the last year. Whereas this year, it got 
shifted into quarter 3. So from a calendar quarter perspective, when you see the numbers, these 
numbers seem a bit haywire  from a growth perspective.. But  from a business planning 
perspective, it is always calculated on festive to festive. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Understood. So if I have to take a financial year in perspective, if I heard it right, in a normalized 
year, you will have around 55% or 60% in Q2 and 40%, 45% in Q1, right, in a financial year? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Normally, second half revenue is a little bit more than the first half because second half also will 
have weddings apart from the festivities and all those things also there, but not much there. 
Maybe we can say 40-60 H1 to H2 or maybe 45-55. 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Right. But this year alone, we have seen the festivals push to Q2, so it could be better and the 
ratio would be more skewed towards Q2, right? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Absolutely.  You're right. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Narendra from RoboCapital. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Sir, I wanted to know about your franchise stores that you are targeting? Anything in there like 
[inaudible 0:16:02] 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt. If you are using speaker mode, can I request you to use handset, please? 
Narendra Khuthia: 
So I was asking you about your franchise store growth. Are you planning anything, say, in the 
half of the next year? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yes, . We do have plan to open a couple of stores through the franchise route. We already have 
3 franchise working with us for quite some time. We do have a plan to open a couple of more 
stores through franchise. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Because if I'm not wrong, in the last call, you had said that post-Diwali, you'll be looking at 
something. So do you have something? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Yes. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
So 2 stores you are saying, right? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
 Yes, we are trying to open a little more, but 2 to 3 will definitely open. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Okay. Okay. So this year or next year? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
This year, second half. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Okay, okay. Got it. And your own stores, how many? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 7 
 
Mukesh Sharma: 
We have already opened 1 store, our own store in Vapi on 2nd of November. We are planning 
1 more store, but it's not yet concrete. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And sorry, I missed your revenue and margin guidance. Could you repeat 
that? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
So see, the revenue is not exactly comparable in quarter 2 to quarter 2, last year to this year. But 
yes, from an exact hardcore number, we had a revenue of INR 480.6 crores in quarter 2 FY '24 
as compared to last year INR 536 crores. On half year numbers, we have a revenue of INR 1,051 
crores in H1 FY '24 as compared to INR 1,116 crores H1 FY '23. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
No, I was asking about the future guidance on revenue and margin plan. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
That is something that is up to the market, I can't reveal that. I mean this will only be a guessing 
work. We are definitely trying to surpass the numbers what we have already achieved. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
Okay. And regarding margins, do we see any further expansion in the margins? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Margin, what you are seeing already, it has increased quite a lot. If you've gone through the 
investor presentation, the margin has increased quite a lot. It has almost increased by 235 basis 
points in quarter 2 FY '24 compared to same period last year. And it has increased 292 basis 
points in H1 FY '24 compared to same period last year. In terms of the percentage of gross 
margin, it stands at 13.3% in quarter 2 FY '24 as compared to 10.96% same period last year. 
And H1 FY '24, in our gross margin we have achieved around 13.6% in H1 FY '24 compared to 
H1 FY '23 last year was 10.7%. 
Narendra Khuthia: 
So is there any plans to increase the margin? Or is it to say that this would be the steady state? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
We foresee that we will be able to maintain this level. Obviously, we are trying hard to increase 
this percentage as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Videesha Sheth from Ambit Capital. 
Videesha Sheth: 
Sir, on the revenue side, when we look at larger national players or even regional players, we 
sort of posted 20% to 30% Y-o-Y growth for 2Q. So besides the shift in festive season, which 
other factors has led to the decline that you've seen this quarter, the past quarter? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
See, I can't comment on the competition because they have a lot of inorganic sale as well, okay? 
So there are lots of stores which might not have operated for the same period last year, which 
might have opened during the mid of same period last year, in the mid of season. And as well as 
the new store which has opened this year, which didn't exist last year. So we may be able to see 
a different number of growth numbers in the competition. 
 
In our case, these are the pure like-to-like numbers. So we had operated 29 stores, same period; 
and this year also 29 owned stores and 3 franchise stores, so 32 stores for the same period. So 
our numbers are pure like-to-like, whereas competition, I'm not sure. From a festive perspective, 
the difference is not that much. Last year, the Navaratri had started from 24th of September, if 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 7 
 
I'm not wrong, 24th or 25th September. This year, whereas it is shifted in the quarter 3. So those 
are the difference in quarter 2 we can see. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ms. Sonal Jain who's an individual investor. 
Sonal Jain: 
I just had another question. How does TBZ plan to maintain its relevance and competitiveness 
in the jewellery industry, especially with the increasing competition from online and off-line 
retailers? 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Sonal, we do not compete with our online retailers. We believe the jewellery segment largely 
depends on touch and feel. And we are not in that segment what the online retailers might be 
catering for. At TBZ, we see the competition is always going to be there. We have existed  for 
all these years. You can see this is a 158-year-old brand in Indian jewellery industry, which has 
been standing and delivering. So we foresee that we'll be doing much, much better going forward 
than what you are seeing currently. What the investors are seeing with the margin numbers and 
the PAT numbers currently  have been improved quite a lot. So this  all will  reflect into the 
future performance of the company as well. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Mukesh 
Sharma for closing comments. 
Mukesh Sharma: 
Thank you all for participating in today's call. For any further queries, please reach out to 
Dickenson World or connect to us directly. Wishing you all a wonderful day ahead. Stay safe. 
And with this, we'll conclude our call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. Then you may now disconnect your lines. 
