 
 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115 
CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
Mailing Address: 
Registered Office: 
       Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11, 
ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,     Alternate No.: +91 8655222666 (Chargeable)                
 
Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com 
New Linking Road, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 025                                                      Website: www.icicilombard.com   
    Mumbai - 400 064 
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/184-10/2024  
 
October 24, 2023 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Disclosure under Regulation 30 read with Schedule Ill of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
Subject: Transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter and half-year ended 
September 30, 2023 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 10, 2023 and October 18, 2023, please note that 
the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and analyst(s) on 
Wednesday, October 18, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The same will also be made available on the Company's website at www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl. As above 
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2023.10.24 
12:25:28 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q2 & H1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call  
October 18, 2023 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. BHARGAV DASGUPTA – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
                                     MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 31 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
October 18, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. A very warm welcome to 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited's Q2 and H1 
FY2024 earnings conference call. From the senior management, 
we have with us today, Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta – MD and CEO of 
the company, Mr. Gopal Balachandran – CFO and CRO, Mr. 
Sanjeev Mantri – Executive Director, and Mr. Alok Agarwal – 
Executive Director. 
Please note that any statements and comments are made in 
today's call that may look like forward-looking statements are 
based on information presently available to the management and 
do not constitute an indication of any future performance, as the 
future involves risks and uncertainties which could cause results 
to differ materially from the current views being expressed. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" 
on your touch-tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta – MD 
and CEO, ICICI Lombard General Insurance Limited. Thank you 
and Over to you, sir. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 31 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the   
earnings conference call of ICICI Lombard General Insurance 
Limited Company for Q2 and H1 FY2024. 
Let me give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we have witnessed in the past few months. 
Post this, our CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the 
financial performance of the company for the quarter and the half 
year ended September 30, 2023. The global economy is 
experiencing a loss of momentum, however, the Indian economy 
is gaining strength led by domestic drivers such as private 
consumption and fixed asset investments by public sector capex. 
The southwest monsoon rainfall recovered during September 
2023. However, it ended below the long period average. The 
manufacturing and services PMIs and other high frequency 
indicators exhibited a robust expansion during this quarter. On the 
demand front, urban consumption is buoyant while rural demand 
is showing some signs of revival. However, the current 
geopolitical conditions and higher interest rates in the advanced 
economies can impact global and domestic economic growth 
negatively, and we have to be watchful of the same. 
For the quarter, as per data published by SIAM, the new private 
car sales continue to deliver robust growth year-on-year. The two-
wheeler sales registered moderate growth for the quarter, and in 
terms of volume, still remains below the pre-pandemic levels. The 
commercial vehicle growth was driven by growth in infra and other 
core sectors. Health insurance continues to deliver robust growth, 
remaining the largest contributor to overall growth. The 
commercial segment witnessed growth in line with the current 
market environment. We remain optimistic that the industry will 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 31 
continue to grow given the favorable macros, regulatory changes, 
low penetration, and relatively positive consumer sentiment. 
Speaking of the performance, the General Insurance industry 
delivered a GDPI growth of 14.9% for H1 FY2024 over H1 
FY2023. Excluding the crop insurance, the growth is at 18% for 
the same period. Overall, the underwriting performance 
worsened, with a combined ratio of the industry at 113.3% for Q1 
FY2024, as against 111.4% for Q1 FY2023. For Motor business, 
while the combined ratio continues to remain elevated, the 
combined ratio for the industry improved to 120.1% from Q1 
FY2024, as against 124.5% for Q1 FY2023. 
Moving to the business numbers for us in Q2 FY2024, the 
company grew at 17.4% as compared to the industry growth of 
12.5%.  
In terms of growth of key segments during the quarter:  
 The property & casualty line of business grew at 17.2% 
which was higher than the industry growth of 8.6%. 
Further, during the quarter, we accreted market share 
across all segments such as Fire, Marine, Engineering, 
and Liability.  
 
 In Motor, our growth for the quarter was 10.9%, as against 
the industry growth of 13.9%. The growth in Motor segment 
was aided by robust growth of 27.6% in the new private car 
segment. The private car mix stands at 51.8% for this 
quarter. While the competitive intensity in the motor 
segment remained elevated, we continue our focus of 
developing a quality portfolio based on granular data. We 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 31 
continue to rebalance our portfolio resulting in commercial 
vehicle mix at 22.1% and two-wheeler mix at 26.1% for Q2 
FY2024.  
o We also continue to harness our digital capabilities 
in building claims efficiency in Motor. In Q2 FY2024, 
through our Preferred Partner Network (PPN 
network), we were able to service 63% of our Non-
OEM claims, up from 44% in Q2 FY2023. 
 
 The health segment continued to be the fastest growing 
segment for the industry. During this quarter, we grew at 
20.3%.  
o As a result of our continued investment in Retail 
Health distribution, we have grown in line with the 
industry at 18.7%. This was driven by growth in 
business sourced through the retail health agency 
vertical of 21.7%. 
o I would also like to share that our one-stop solution 
for all insurance and wellness needs – “IL 
TakeCare” app – has surpassed ~6.9 million user 
downloads till date. The incremental downloads for 
the quarter was ~1.3 million. For Q2 FY2024, the 
premium sourced through IL TakeCare app 
contributed to ₹884.57 million to the overall GDPI, 
reflecting a 3.5x increase year-on-year.  
 
 We have been updating you about our digital business 
initiatives like Digital One and IL TakeCare which we have 
been driving in an agile manner. We are now scaling these 
agile models to business lines across the company, 
completely redefining the ways of working and the business 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 31 
processes. Coupled with the transformation of the core 
system, we expect this to be a key driver for our future growth 
as a digitally empowered insurance company. 
As you may be aware, I have decided to pursue an overseas 
opportunity after spending over 14.5 years with ICICI 
Lombard. It has been a wonderful journey for me and I'm 
grateful for the collective support of all our stakeholders – our 
Employees, Customers, Channel Partners, Analysts, and 
Shareholders. We have made large strides in the industry and 
made IL a much loved brand and India's largest private sector 
GI player. I take this opportunity to thank all of you for your 
support and hope you will extend the same support as I pass 
on the baton to my dear colleague - Sanjeev Mantri.  
Sanjeev has been with the ICICI group for over 20 years. 
Sanjeev has played a stellar role in terms of his achievements 
within the company. He spearheaded the retail division as an 
Executive Director, where he was leading distribution of 
products across agency, bancassurance, direct and alternate 
channels. He was also in-charge of the strategy, products, 
pricing, marketing, and corporate communication verticals at 
ICICI Lombard. I am convinced that ICICI Lombard will 
continue to be a strong force of positive change in the industry 
under his leadership. Over to you, Sanjeev. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you Bhargav. Your leadership is an inspiration for all of us, 
and your stellar record over the last 15 years has left an indelible 
impact on the organization and the industry at large. We are 
excited for you and the opportunities that lie ahead and wish you 
the very best. I am looking forward to taking the journey ahead. 
And we rely heavily on the support of all our stakeholders. These 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 31 
are interesting times for the GI industry and we are very well 
positioned to capitalize on this. I look forward to meeting and 
interacting with each one of you personally. We will continue to 
remain focused on our overall philosophy of balancing growth and 
profitability. I will now request Gopal to take you through the 
financial numbers for the recently concluded quarter and half 
year. 
Gopal Balachandran: Good evening to each one of you. I will now give you a brief 
overview of the financial performance of the recently concluded 
quarter and half year. We have uploaded the ‘Results 
Presentation’ on our website. You can access it as we walk you 
through the performance numbers.  
 The Gross Direct Premium Income of the company was at 
₹124.72 billion in H1 FY2024, as against ₹105.55 billion in H1 
FY2023, a growth of 18.2%, as against the industry growth of 
14.9%. Excluding crop, GDPI growth of the company was at 
17.6% which was in line with the industry growth of 18.0% in 
Q2 FY2024. GDPI was at ₹60.86 billion in Q2 FY2024, as 
against ₹51.85 billion in Q2 FY2023, a growth of 17.4%. This 
growth was higher than the industry growth of 12.5%. 
 Our GDPI growth during the quarter was primarily driven by 
growth in the preferred segments. The overall GDPI of our 
property & casualty segment grew by 17.2% at ₹14.76 billion 
in Q2 FY2024, as against ₹12.59 billion in Q2 FY2023. 
 On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the motor segment 
was at ₹21.38 billion in Q2 FY2024, as against ₹19.28 billion 
in Q2 FY2023, registering a growth of 10.9%.  

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 31 
o The advance premium number was at ₹32.89 billion as 
at September 30, 2023, as against ₹32.17 billion as at 
March 31, 2023. 
 GDPI of the health segment was at ₹13.62 billion in Q2 
FY2024, as against ₹11.32 billion in Q2 FY2023, registering a 
growth of 20.3%.  
o Our agents (including the Point of Sale or POS) count, 
was at 1,22,461 as on September 30, 2023, from 
around 1,17,149 as on June 30, 2023.  
o GDPI of the Retail Health segment grew by 19.0%.  
o Group health segment, i.e., the Corporate Employer-
Employee segment grew by 20.6% during the quarter.  
o The Bancassurance and Key Relationship Group 
(KRG) grew at 24.3% this quarter. 
 During the quarter, our business sourced through our Digital 
One team grew by 26.7%. Overall, our digital focus has 
enabled us to increase our digital revenues which includes the 
IL TakeCare app to ₹3.66 billion which accounts for 6.0% of 
our overall GDPI for the quarter.  
 Resultantly, the combined ratio was 103.7% for H1 FY2024, 
as against 104.6% for H1 FY2023. Excluding the impact of 
CAT losses of ₹0.83 billion in H1 FY2024 and ₹0.28 billion in 
H1 FY2023, the combined ratio was 102.7% and 104.2% 
respectively. Combined ratio was 103.9% in Q2 FY2024, as 
against 105.1% in Q2 FY2023. Excluding the impact of CAT 
losses of ₹0.48 billion in Q2 FY2024 and ₹0.28 billion in Q2 
FY2023, the combined ratio was 102.8% and 104.3% 
respectively.Our investment assets rose to ₹453.12 billion as 
at September 30, 2023, up from ₹449.05 billion as at June 30, 
2023. Our investment leverage (net of borrowings) was 4.07x 
as at September 30, 2023, as against 4.16x as at June 30, 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 31 
2023. Investment income was at ₹17.59 billion in H1 FY2024, 
as against ₹13.94 billion in H1 FY2023. On a quarterly basis, 
the investment income was at ₹9.36 billion in Q2 FY2024, as 
against ₹7.39 billion in Q2 FY2023. Our capital gains (net of 
impairment on investment assets) stood at ₹2.87 billion in H1 
FY2024 as compared to Rs 1.43 billion in H1 FY2023. Capital 
gains (net of impairment on investment assets) stood at ₹1.65 
billion in Q2 FY2024 as compared to ₹1.11 billion in Q2 
FY2023. 
 Our Profit Before Tax grew by 19.4% at ₹12.84 billion in H1 
FY2024, as against Rs 10.75 billion in H1 FY2023, whereas 
PBT grew by 25.3% at ₹7.64 billion in Q2 FY2024, as against 
₹6.10 billion in Q2 FY2023.  
 Consequently, Profit After Tax grew by 3.0% at ₹9.68 billion in 
H1 FY2024, as against ₹9.40 billion in H1 FY23. PAT de grew 
by 2.2% at ₹5.77 billion in Q2 FY2024 from ₹5.91 billion in Q2 
FY23. Excluding the impact of reversal of tax provision in Q2 
FY23, PAT grew by 19.2% in H1 FY24 and 24.8% in Q2 FY24. 
 Return on average equity i.e ROAE was 18% in H1 FY24 as 
against 19.9% in H1 FY23. The ROE for Q2 FY24 was 21.1%, 
as against 24.5% in Q2 FY23. Solvency ratio was at 2.59x as 
at September 30, 2023, as against 2.53x as at June 30, 2023, 
continued to be higher than the regulatory minimum 
requirement of 1.50x. 
 The Board of Directors of the company has declared an 
interim dividend of ₹5.00 per share for H1 FY2024, as against 
₹4.50 per share for H1 FY2023. 
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate we continue to stay focused 
on driving profitable growth, sustainable value creation, and 
safeguarding the interests of policyholders at all times. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 31 
I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call, and 
we will now be happy to take any specific questions that you have. 
Thank You 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and 
Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue 
assembles. 
Our first question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay 
Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Best wishes to you, Bhargav, for your future endeavors. And 
congratulations to Mr. Sanjeev for his new role. Good set of 
performance. A couple of questions. First one on Motor side, of 
course, you commented about the competitive intensity, but 
whatever I see incrementally in Q2 FY2024, overall motor 
profitability seems to be quite good for you. Yet, you remain sort 
of very guarded with the motor. Why such, guarded approach 
even when profitability seems to be suggesting that things are 
better than what they were a few quarters back. That is on your 
entire strategy around motor because even in motor CV, you have 
started to take more business. But again there, it seems that you 
are trying to slow down. On overall motor, I would like to 
understand the philosophy. And on that same point, now I guess, 
if I understand the regulations correctly, even in motor TP 
technically a commission is possible because the business line-
wise commission caps has gone. So, what are the practices you 
are witnessing in the market as far as motor is concerned. And on 
health, I see that the results are coming from your focus on 
agency and that is leading to the growth in retail. Yet, if I see, 
because you are growing strongly in the group both on the banca 
side as well as the employer-employee side, your mix is shifting 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 31 
again more towards group. Of course, the banca is largely retail, 
I understand. Yet, on your individual side, is that growth still a bit 
of calibrated, because, on the group employer-employee side , 
the price hike is now behind. So, it would be largely a volume-led 
growth. That growth is strong, Banca growth is strong. On the 
pure retail, why a bit of a slower as per your own experience? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Usually, from a Motor perspective, as you rightly said, there are 
more tailwinds available at the industry level, and we are well set 
to capitalize. In a way, in your question itself I see the answer that 
we are able to drive it profitably because we have kept ourselves 
calibrated and we have also always maintained that we will move 
where we see an opportunity in terms of profit pool. If you look at 
our own configuration of Motor portfolio overall, you will see that 
the CV portfolio has marginally gone down in terms of contribution 
in Q2 has moved to 21.6%. And we have grown on private cars 
and two-wheeler as a company. If you ask me in terms of the view 
the way we expect ourselves, we would continue to exert what is 
required, but if you see the intensity which is in our mind not 
working out overall, we will surely back track for sure in terms of 
driving it. Overall, our plan of being competitive and being in this 
space because this is where our key distribution is and we will 
continue to exert ourselves as a team.  
                                On the health part which you spoke about in terms of growth 
coming primarily from group health rather than retail, if you see, 
our investment largely has been on the retail side, and there you 
will see a delta over the industry growth of 2%. Group health, we 
have always maintained that we go in strategically if we see that 
we are able to see some sanity in terms of pricing we go in deep. 
That's what we did in Q1 FY 2024, but in Q2 FY2024 if you see, 
we have grown rather subdued vis-a-vis the market. That plan per 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 31 
se for us as a company will not change but our trajectory on the 
retail side is far more permanent and you will see us doing much 
better. There is a marginal improvement in market share, but I 
would not like to read too much into that because over a period of 
time, we would do much better and we continue to stay invested 
as far as the health agency is concerned. 
Avinash Singh: 
And 
that 
question 
regarding 
current 
practices 
around 
commissions in Motor because technically now one can pay 
commissions on Motor TP. Basically the commission caps are 
going to uncap, so post this, what market practices you are seeing 
as far as payoffs are concerned? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Avinash, clearly, we spoke about the industry level numbers on 
Motor and we see a marginal improvement in the overall 
combined ratio. From 124.5% in Q1 FY2023 it has moved to 
120.1% in Q1 FY2024. Frankly speaking, there is not too much 
you can read in those numbers at this point of time. You wanted 
to know the expense of management, while it has come in, you 
see almost 50% of the companies being more than the limit which 
is there, which is stated. Have we seen overall rationality 
prevailing across? Frankly speaking, the industry itself is 
adjusting to it at this point of time and over a period of time, I do 
believe that you will see far more rationalization than what has 
happened now, and we do expect stability to come in by Q3 or Q4 
from an overall perspective. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, coming back on 
the Motor book, I wanted some more understanding on the loss 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 31 
ratio improvement that has happened in H1 FY 2024 versus Q1 
FY2024. I know you don't want us to look at loss ratios on a 
quarterly basis, but even the H1 numbers look quite good. That 
would be one question. Second is on the monthly performance, 
while I understand your monthly performances don’t vary, but if 
you can give us some color in understanding what specifically 
happened in probably August and September because till July, 
you guys had a very strong run rate of about 20%. Any color 
around what happened and any growth outlook that you can give? 
And one more question; third question probably. You have 
launched a new product with ICICI Pru Life, the health and 
protection product; management mentioned in the conference call 
yesterday, if you can give us some understanding of the 
economics of such a product – premium, the way the partnership 
with ICICI Pru works out. I am assuming this will get sold on the 
ICICI backed platform. Some color on that. 
Gopal Balachandran: Shreya, on the first one, if you look at the loss ratios for motor, 
you are right. We keep saying that you should never look at 
numbers over quarters or even on a financial year basis because 
some of these lines will obviously start to exhibit outcomes over a 
relatively longer period of time, particularly in the context of motor 
third party. Having said that, when you look at even for the half 
year on motor OD specifically, in general, what we have talked 
about is the portfolio loss ratio should range between 65% to 70% 
threshold on motor own damage. For the half year, that number 
is at 65% or thereabouts, but that's the range at which you would 
possibly see depending on what a business mix that we write 
whether we are able to relatively pick up a higher proportion of 
new or relatively what proportion are we able to write in the 
context of the older portfolio. That's probably the range at which 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 31 
we will be able to operate at. Within quarters, obviously the loss 
ratios will undergo a change, but that's the range that we are 
comfortable with so far as the own damage book is concerned. 
On third party, again, the point is still the same, while for the 
quarter you would have again seen the numbers slightly better or 
even on a half yearly basis, the number stands at about 66%, but 
these are experiences that one should logically again look at over 
relatively longer periods, and also to the fact that depending on 
what mix of business that we write in terms of private car, two-
wheeler, and CV. And that's something that we keep calibrating 
from time to time, corresponding to which you could possibly see 
a change in the loss ratio experience. But otherwise, there is 
nothing specific to call out in the context of Q2 FY2024 numbers. 
Having said that, what we also keep doing is, from a reserving 
perspective, generally we have tried to be prudent at all points of 
time. That philosophy still continues to remain the same even as 
we write whichever portfolio of the book. But over a period of time, 
as you would have seen, some of our experiences have actually 
started to turn out to be much more positive than what our initial 
estimates have been. That will obviously get calibrated from time 
to time. But otherwise, so far as the overall portfolio is concerned, 
it's purely a function of what mix of business that we are able to 
write. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Just to add to a point that Gopal made is that the way we look at 
business is on a combined basis, not just loss ratio. And overall, 
you should study our numbers from a combined perspective. 
There are certain businesses which have higher expenses but 
lower loss ratio and vice versa. So, as a team, we look at overall 
combined as our objective. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 31 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
For the combo product as we have mentioned, yes, we are really 
excited. We have taken the term and the CHI product of ours and 
given a combined offering to our customers through our agency 
channel. If you look at it, ICICI Pru Life has a very decent agency 
practice and we have a very decent bancassurance practice. And 
we have all a gap which needed to be filled. We have created this 
product line to leverage on each other's distribution. And as per 
the regulatory environment that is there, something which is a 
very feasible option, we have gone ahead and done this 
partnership with them and we expect this product to probably 
ramp up in time to come. To be honest, our agents will require a 
bit of training and process. It will come with a lag over a period of 
time. But that being said, we are really excited with this 
partnership that we have done with them to drive the combo 
product in the market, which in many ways is first of its kind. 
Gopal Balachandran: And to your last question, Shreya, on the monthly performance 
numbers; again, that's purely a function of what businesses do we 
write between periods. As we had explained even in the earlier 
call, our businesses do tend to have a bit of cyclicality across 
businesses. For example, in Q1 FY2024, you will obviously see a 
relatively higher proportion of some of the commercial lines being 
underwritten. In Q2 FY2024, we do see businesses booked, 
particularly in the context of crop. Now, that could get booked in 
a particular month and therefore, you may possibly see variations 
in growth percentages when you look at it relatively on a month-
on-month basis. But here again, as we keep saying, a better way 
to look at given the cyclicality of the business that we get to see, 
for example, Q3 FY2024, you will see a lot more business largely 
driven through some of the retail growth. So again, you may see 
month-on-month changes between segments of businesses. But 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 31 
however when you look at it on a full-year basis, in line with what 
we have spoken, largely looking at the way how things are 
positively shaping up for us, we should definitely look at ending 
the year within that high-teens percentage growth that we have 
talked about. And in general, depending on what Sanjeev also 
mentioned on the expense of management side, if things start to  
improve much better from an industry perspective, then the 
relative outperformance that we have talked about of 100 to 200 
basis points over and above the market growth rate, that's 
something that we still believe we will be able to achieve. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nidhesh from Investec. 
Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
What is the share of OEM and non-OEM business in the Motor 
and how it has been trending over the last 2 to 3 years? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Overall if you see, in our split in terms of the Motor that you are 
speaking about, we would almost have 70% or thereabout of our 
business coming from the OEM business and the rest would be 
coming through other channels which are agency and 
bancassurance. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Last year, we articulated our intention to increase the share of 
non-OEM by focusing on high loss ratio and low expense ratio 
business. How is the progress on that? Is the share of non-OEM 
going up? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Overall if you see, again, incrementally yes, we intend exercising 
ourselves more on the agency side but the manner in which our 
motor book that was created, there is a fair amount of contribution 
and if we see an opportunity there, it's not one for the other, we 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 31 
continue to invest excessively on the agency business side. That 
being said, OEM where we have been working for years and we 
have built a franchise, we will continue to drive that. So, we need 
to look at both of these in a stand-alone where there are times 
when OEM contribution can go really up. There is a season 
coming in Q3 FY2024 obviously, you will find again OEM probably 
showing a larger percentage. But that being said, agency 
business should continue to do well but relatively to put 
percentage pool would be a very difficult option. It's not one for 
the other. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Nidhesh, just to add to what Sanjeev said, strategically and 
philosophically, while we are investing, there will be times when 
OEM will again come back up. If new vehicle sales increase, as 
we said in the opening remarks, the share of new vehicle sales 
has been very positive for us and those are profitable pools. When 
we see those opportunities, we want to garner them. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly, I notice that there is some change in the senior 
management personnel structure. If you can explain what the 
rationale for that is and what is the emerging market group. If you 
can share some details on the emerging markets group. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Effectively, it's a very minor and not a significant change. But we 
have an experienced resource which has joined in. He is an 
expert in terms of driving the emerging markets. So, we are 
pooling him and to report into Alok which otherwise had a multiple 
reporting. So, we want to use the benefit of his presence in the 
system. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Emerging market group is in the commercial lines? 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 31 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Emerging market operates across channels and business lines. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Basically, this is the Bharat rather than the top cities. This is 
where, if you remember, last year we had done a little bit of 
structuring change where Alok Agarwal, who was our ED looking 
after wholesale business, was given charge of that market with 
specific focus. And we are investing, and we are growing that 
business. Typically, let's say, the top 40 cities would be not there, 
but thereafter, it would be considered to be emerging. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: 
My first question is that whether you want to prepone your 
guidance of 102.5% to be achieved? Because, excluding CAT 
losses if I see, you are almost there; what we had thought we will 
achieve it by exit of FY2025. Sir, I just wanted to understand 
whether given the underwriting environment, you believe that 
could happen a little quicker than expected. That's point number 
one. And second, within this 102.5% odd, combined ratio 
improvement, some weightage was expected to come from the 
OPEX part. But despite EOM, our OPEX compared to last year 
still has been higher and in H1 FY2024 it is higher. I just wanted 
to understand that EOM is overall dragging the OPEX higher or 
increasing the OPEX on the higher side or you believe sanity will 
come and expense ratios will improve for the sector as well. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Sanketh, cut a bit of slack to the team, right? You are delivering 
better than expected numbers and that's what we want to 
continue to do. No change in guidance. As you know, the market 
is still very competitive. We have talked about where the 
combined ratio for the industry is in terms of motor segment. But 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 31 
clearly, over the last 1 year, the team has done a brilliant job in 
terms of significantly calibrating the business, as also building a 
lot of capability on the cost side, both on the claims and expense 
side. So, the team is doing really well, but there's no need to 
change guidance as we see at this point in time. On the cost side, 
I will ask Gopal to answer. 
Gopal Balachandran: Sanketh, we will still continue to maintain what we have been 
talking about, which is the businesses will always have to be 
looked at as what Bhargav also just mentioned in response to the 
earlier one, which is we always look at the businesses from an 
overall combined perspective, because different businesses will 
obviously have a mix of a loss experience and the expense ratios 
as well. Just to look at the overall expense of management, 
specifically to answer your point, first half of last year, our 
expense of management was at 27.3%. Relative to that, if you 
look at our first half of this year, we are at about 26.9%. Hence,  
even from an EOM perspective, we have actually seen a marginal 
improvement in line with what we wanted to drive it towards. And 
this is despite the fact that we continue to make our investments 
in those areas of building distribution on health agency, 
technology, some of the core transformation projects that we 
talked about. Clearly, we would want to continue to make those 
investments, and hence you may not suddenly see a big shift 
happening insofar as specifically in the context of the expense 
ratio numbers are concerned. We will obviously drive a positive 
change. But having said that, we will directionally be more guided 
by the other objectives that we have specifically spelt out, which 
got reiterated as we speak, which is the combined ratio objective 
of 102% is something that we want to achieve by the end of next 
year. That's something that we want to clearly drive. And as I said, 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 31 
purely the breakdown of expenses is a function of loss and 
expenses. 
Sanketh Godha: 
Just one question which is on data keeping critical loss ratio of 
retail health and group health that if you can share. And second, 
I just wanted to understand this IL TakeCare app 6.0% of GWP is 
a big achievement. How do you see this could be contributing? 
And if you can give a color how much is the mix driven by Motor 
and Health in IL TakeCare app. 
Gopal Balachandran: The number of 6.0% is the digital contribution, Sanketh; the 
second part of your question. Therefore, that also includes the 
business that we sourced through IL TakeCare app. And as we 
have been talking about consistently whether you look at it on a 
year-on-year basis, obviously there is a multiplier increase so far 
as the premium that you are sourcing through IL TakeCare is 
concerned. Roughly about 3.7x increase that we have seen. But 
even when you look at it on a sequential basis, we have been able 
to grow the contributions coming in from that particular app. We 
are excited with the way how things are getting played out, and 
equally we are getting to see a lot more products per customer so 
far as the use of the app is concerned. And that will continue to 
drive both volumes and value of the premium insofar as the digital 
contribution is concerned. To your first point, so far as the 
breakdown of the loss ratios are concerned, for Q2 FY2024, the 
breakdown of the overall health loss ratios into corporate health 
and retail indemnity, corporate health loss ratios are at 102% and 
the retail health indemnity loss ratios are 66.6%. This number, 
when the numbers that we gave out for Q1 last year, corporate 
health was about 92.6% and the retail health indemnity numbers 
were 64.2%. Obviously, these numbers have to be looked at in 
the context of how we see some of the loss incidences play out. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 31 
And particularly in Q2 FY2024, we do get to see a slight increase 
in loss incidence, primarily because typically it's a monsoon 
season and we get to see a lot more increase in health-related 
ailments. And this is not specifically only for this particular Q2 
FY2024, even otherwise, when you look at it, even for the last 
year, for example, clearly, we had seen an increase in the loss 
ratios playing out between, let's say, a Q2 FY2023 versus a 
Q1FY2023. Hence, in that sense, we are pretty much okay with 
the way how the loss experiences is playing out. And as we had 
indicated, so far as the portfolio growth is concerned, it is coming 
at a price at which we are comfortable with, and in the subsequent 
quarters, we should start seeing some of these loss ratios getting 
normalized, particularly in the context of lowering down of loss 
incidences that we see in Q3 and Q4. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Just to supplement what Gopal said and we've talked about this 
in the past, the entire thought process and the approach behind 
IL TakeCare was consumer engagement, be it the employer-
employee segment where the individual is a potential retail 
customer or a retail B2C customer who comes on board. And the 
approach that we are taking is that as we have more engaged 
customers, they will renew better, you will have cross-sell 
opportunities, and hopefully the relationship will be stickier. 
Principally, for us whatever business we get, as long as it's viable, 
we are not driving Motor numbers or Health numbers there. It is a 
customer engagement app. And as an organization, we don't 
want to split that number at this point in time to say, okay, this is 
my motor number and this is my health number, because it might 
drive us in a manner which is not customer centric. As an 
organization, we've been giving the numbers in terms of number 
of app downloads, the total volume of cross-sell and upsell 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 31 
business that we are doing, which is something that we will 
continue to do. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from 
B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: I'll again come back to the Motor loss ratios. I understand 
that what you have articulated in terms of your experience and 
maybe some releases that are coming, but just for a view of how 
the loss ratios are going to pan out, say for in motor activity, your 
loss ratios have been a little bit fluctuating over the quarters. Right 
now that there has been a bit of an improvement. Going ahead, if 
you can give some color for the full year how we should think 
about this number where it can sustain? Same for OD; given that 
you are picking up on growth on the OD business and particularly 
private business in the mix, how confident would you be in 
maintaining this loss ratio? That is the first one. Secondly, in terms 
of the investment income, I just wanted to understand the yield 
that you have shown. Realized return is fairly strong, slightly 
higher than what we have done in the past. Is there a certain 
tactical bet that have worked out which might not play out in the 
coming quarters? And what yield we can think about further going 
ahead on a normalized basis? 
Gopal Balachandran: Swarnabha, on the first one, which is what I responded to the 
earlier one and when I had talked about the range at which we 
would be comfortable. One, when we look at Motor as a line of 
business, we obviously look at it again more from a combined 
perspective which will be a combination of both the loss 
experience and the expense ratios. And as what we just 
discussed, it will depend on what proportion of new business that 
we write, because new typically comes with a relatively better loss 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 31 
experience and correspondingly the expense ratios could slightly 
stay elevated. And correspondingly the older portfolios, as we just 
discussed, typically come with a slightly high LR and a relatively 
lower cost of distribution. So, honestly, that will be an interplay 
that one would get to see as writing this book is concerned. But 
the range at which one would be comfortable to operate in the 
context of Motor OD is what I had responded earlier, which is in 
the range of between 65% to 70% depending on what a business 
mix that we write in respect of proportion of new or the relatively 
older portfolio. On third party, again, we have talked about; that's 
what I responded. Obviously, we should again not look at this 
numbers, particularly for quarters or even on a half yearly basis. 
You have to look at the numbers over a relatively longer period. 
There again, it will be a function of what loss experiences that one 
sees. But broadly, I would say that one could see that third party 
loss ratios again hovering around what you see on a full-year 
basis. That would be largely representative of the range at which 
we would get to see the loss ratios play out. That's the response 
to your first one. To your second one on the overall investment 
book, in fact in the past quarter, people have been asking us why 
to have we not seen so much of an increase in the overall interest 
income of the portfolio. If you recollect, what we generally do is 
depending on the market opportunity that one sees is how we 
place our overall portfolio at. For example, in this high interest rate 
environment, we obviously want to capitalize the opportunity that 
one sees as accrual to the book is concerned, and which is why 
our overall duration of the book, stands at about 5.23 years. This 
number, at the beginning of the year was at about 4.99 years. So, 
we have gone a bit long and we are rightly positioned in the 
portfolio in order to capitalize, as I said the increased interest rate 
that one sees in the market. Hence, we will obviously get to see 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 31 
this play out even as we head into the subsequent quarters. What 
is it that you may not necessarily see playing out over the 
subsequent periods is purely a function of the extent of capital 
gains that one sees in the market. That's purely driven by the 
market opportunity that one sees. And even in the past, we have 
talked about it. Between quarters, you can always see fluctuations 
in the breakup of the overall investment income. Depending on 
how market plays out is what you will be able to see some gains 
playing out. Hence, to answer your point, the way we are 
positioned in the portfolio is what is helping us in terms of 
capitalizing the increased interest income. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: And just to supplement the point that Gopal made, we have been 
talking about this that our carried yield will increase, and Gopal 
has given the number. If you will also look at the split of the 
unrealized gain, the unrealized gain in the equity book has 
increased at the end of this quarter. Obviously, on the debt side, 
the bond side has come down because interest rates have gone 
up. But that is not something that we are worried about because 
these are all calls that we have taken to stay long in the debt 
market. That's how our yield has increased. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Just a couple of questions. Firstly, this September month would 
have seen the first 5-year anniversary of the two-wheeler long-
term TP. How has the experience been in terms of renewal given 
that 5 years of TP means that the renewals are pretty much down 
to zero and as a result if you can give some color in terms of what 
would that amount of premium for September month be as 
proportion of overall motor TP? 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 31 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Clearly, this was the first month. Overall, at the industry level, 
there is a good reason why the Supreme Court gives a verdict in 
terms of having long-term risks. The retention rates continue to 
be relatively on the lower side. I would not split in terms of the 
amount but retention levels that we are seeing as a team, right 
now it is around 15% to 20%. The development of this will happen 
over summation of probably a quarter in terms of what are in 
terms of numbers because we will have to pursue this with our 
customers and see where we end up losing it. But it is something 
as a pool that we are very keen on. So, we are using all possible 
analytics to see if we can further sharpen our axe and see that we 
can guide these numbers. Even if it is only TP, we will be more 
than happy to write this pool. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: And the second is on the total payouts to the distribution 
channels. Some of our life insurance peers have talked about 
industry wide increase in payouts to the distribution channels. 
How has it behaved for us in the key banca partner channel as 
well as outside of that in terms of the total payout? I understand 
there was categorization or reclassification. But just in terms of 
payout, has there been a demand for increase in payouts for us? 
And have you seen any anomalies in the industry otherwise? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Overall if you see, for us as a company, Expense of management 
have stayed within the range and in fact it has come down from 
27.3% to 26.9%. So, frankly speaking, there is no accelerated 
increase, but in certain pockets where we have seen a bit of an 
acceleration, you would see that dynamically we will go again to 
what our basic decisions have been. We will chase where we can 
get viable business in terms of acquiring it. In a way, to some 
extent, you can see our motor market share also is reflecting that 
we had a calibrated growth to maintain profitability over market 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 31 
share growth. So, you can read in terms of what's happening over 
archingly, but overall, we seem to be in control at this point of 
time. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, I missed the agency count number. Can you repeat that 
Gopal? 
Gopal Balachandran: It's about 1,22,000. This includes the agency that includes the 
point-of-sale distribution as well. This number at the end of earlier 
period was about 1,13,000. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: A couple of questions. One, we are seeing a good increase in the 
crop business, better doing this year. What is the philosophy 
behind that? I remember in the past you wanted to avoid that 
business and I also know that you got this business again from 
Bharti Axa. Is that only those states or are you also growing in 
some of the other states? Second, I am just going back to the 
guidance of 102%. Given that your performance is strong – in the 
first half itself, you are at 102.7% – are you being a little 
conservative over here? And finally, most of the industry is not 
meeting the EOM norms right now. What regulatory action can 
we expect and what would you say by when will the regulators 
start looking at this and implementing this? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Let me answer it in the same sequence. One, on crop, there is 
no change in philosophy. As Sanjeev had explained that there are 
certain months where you book a premium, it just shows up in that 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 31 
quarter. In aggregate, our share of crop business which we had 
guided the market would be around 5% of total business for the 
annual business, not on a quarterly basis. We will be at that 
range. We are not significantly growing our crop book in spite of 
the fact that we believe some players in the market are trying to 
do that because of the advantage that they get on EOM. But 
philosophically, we don't believe that's the right strategy. So, we 
are not doing that. There was some amount of booking in the 
kharif season because most of the business for us is in the kharif 
period. So, it's a bit higher in this quarter. Secondly, most of the 
crop that we got is in the 80-110 model. So, it's a reasonably well-
contained business. And our experience in the last couple of 
years has been reasonably positive on the approach that we have 
had.  
                                In terms of your question on the combined ratio, whether we are 
being conservative, that's your call. You take your own views 
about whether we have been conservative. As I said, the 
guidance should remain the same. If we can outperform, all of you 
should be happy. Third, in terms of the regulatory action, it's not 
for us to talk about what the regulator will do, but at least we hope 
and we think that this time the regulator is very serious about this. 
At the same time, this is not about a quarterly number that they 
are monitoring. They have given a leeway for a company on an 
annual basis. And my sense is that at the end of the year, they 
will look at who has improved and who has not improved and who 
is the one beyond the 30%. For most companies which are 
already running at higher than that number, it would be wise for 
them to bring it under control. But as I said, it's not for us to talk 
about what the regulator will do. That's a question that time will 
give us the answer and you will see what the regulator does. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 31 
Madhukar Ladha: Just a follow up on this, sir. Are we seeing a heightened 
competitive intensity in the group health segment also to meet the 
EoM norms? 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Gopal answered that. In the first quarter, we saw the market to 
be better and we had a much higher share. This quarter, we have 
seen some amount of aggression, and in fact, we have seen 
some otherwise sensible companies buy very large chunky group 
health businesses. Our sense is it's probably to manage the 
expense of management. But at the end of the day, business is 
not just about Expense of Management; business is about 
combined. So, you need to do it in a manner which is sensible. 
We will be watchful and we will see what happens. But overall, at 
this point in time, we are quite comfortable with the group health 
business that we are writing. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from 
Kotak Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: Just a small one. When I look at the monthly figures for Motor 
TP business, did you do any transaction in the last month just as 
something that you had done probably in Feb or March last year? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
No Nischint, we have not done any transaction. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Supratim Dutta from Ambit 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Dutta: 
I just wanted to understand a few things. One, the ₹ 0.48 billion 
of net CAT losses, which lines of business are those attributable 
to? 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 31 
Gopal Balachandran: For this quarter, it has been largely retail. We have had a higher 
proportion of losses coming in from the motor line of business but 
equally we have also had some amount of claims coming in here 
on the Property side. Unlike Q1 where relatively the losses of 
roughly about ₹ 35 crores which was the CAT losses in Q1, that 
was largely Property heavy as compared to Motor. 
Supratim Dutta: 
So, if I adjust for that net CAT losses there in the motor OD line, 
then that would result in the loss ratio being lower than 60%. Is 
that a correct assumption? And then my follow up question to that 
is, how sustainable is this loss ratio going forward? 
Gopal Balachandran: Supratim, I had already responded to that. But just to reiterate, 
we will keep saying this and you will get to hear us from time and 
again, you should never look at quarterly numbers. And it is better 
to look at the numbers more on a yearly basis. Just to reiterate, 
on Motor OD, the loss ratio depending on the mix of business that 
we write in motor, we are comfortable at a loss ratio range 
between 65% to 70%. That's the range depending on what mix of 
business we write. And on TP, again, it's better to look at more 
annual numbers, which is largely reflective of the loss ratio range 
that one would be comfortable writing. Hence, whether you adjust 
it for the Q2 losses from CAT in the loss ratios, but if you do that 
on a simple basis, then yes, the loss ratio will definitely look better 
than what the reported numbers are. But having said that, the 
range at which we are comfortable at is between 65% to 70%. 
And what equally we need to remember is that whatever be the 
amount of losses, we do have appropriate reinsurance support 
such that if there is a very large CAT-led event having an impact 
on the net, that gets appropriately protected through necessary 
reinsurance arrangement. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 31 
Supratim Dutta: 
And just one last question. On the Fire side, there has been a 
slowdown in the second quarter. So, just wanted to understand 
how much of this is due to the IIB burn rate being removed versus 
overall competition or you wanting to normalise some business. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: On that, the experience what we discussed in the first quarter is 
the same, which is that roughly about 5% to 6% reduction from 
the earlier rates, which is better than what actually we had 
anticipated at the beginning of the year. We will have to see if this 
holds. In terms of Fire, there are maybe one or two large policies 
that have got moved from peer to peer, and there are some 
policies we had earlier booked in this period, which may have got 
moved somewhere else. So, you should look at the numbers with 
a longer periodicity rather than just a quarter. 
Gopal Balachandran: The only thing just to add to that, having said that, if you look 
at across segments on the commercial lines, we still continue to 
outperform the market. We will continue to accrete market share 
in Fire as a line of business. Or whether you take any of the other 
commercial lines, we continue to outgrow the market. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, that was the last 
question of our question & answer session. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Bhargav Dasgupta for closing 
comments. 
Bhargav Dasgupta: Thank you everyone, all of you have been a great support to the 
company and me personally, and I really want to take this 
opportunity to thank all of you for being great Analysts and 
Investors in our company. As I said earlier, I am hoping that you 
will continue to engage with us as you have been in the past. And 
Sanjeev wants to have the last word. 

 
 
  ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. October 18, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 31 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Absolute pleasure and really keen to interact with each one of you 
personally as and when your schedule permits. Nothing much to 
add, but absolutely in agreement with Bhargav that we have had 
great inputs and discussions with all of you and that continues. 
Thank you so much and let's meet up soon. Thank You. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited, 
that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbor: 
Except for the historical information contained herein, statements 
in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 
'would' , ‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or 
variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking 
statements'. These forward-looking statements involve a number 
of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-
looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are 
not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, 
our growth and expansion in business, the impact of any 
acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the 
actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market 
risks, policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of 
competition; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or 
accounting standards, tax and other legislations and regulations 
in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports 
filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter company with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Bank 
and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there. 
