 
 
 
Date: November 29, 2023 
 
To,  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Symbol: SYRMA 
 
Department of Corporate Service 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543573 
 
Subject: Earnings Call transcript of the Investors Conference Call held for results of quarter 
and half year ended September 30, 2023 
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript in respect to the Earning Conference Call on 
the financial and operational performance of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023, held on Thursday, November 02, 2023, at 10:30 hrs (IST).  
 
The transcript of the conference call can also be accessed at the website of the Company at 
https://www.syrmasgs.com/investor-relations  
 
We request you to take the same on your record. 
 
 
For Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
 
 
  
    
Rahul Sinnarkar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A39709 
Place: Gurgaon 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAHUL NITIN 
SINNARKAR
Digital Signer:RAHUL NITIN SINNARKAR
DN:CN=RAHUL NITIN SINNARKAR, 
E=RAHULSINNARKAR@YMAIL.COM, 
Phone=f8aa1e2a7b5d259ecc14f380bdea24
738a98ccd46d8675e9537702af895c2702, 
OID.2.5.4.65=0173eadeb9984dcc9516731a
069d1836, 
SERIALNUMBER=b9bcf8e135797b3768d230
9cb346a72a6ea327e8189e800907c77f94b
c27409e, O=Personal, L=THANE, STREET="C 
1, SHREE RIDDHI SIDDHI CHS, DINDAYAL ROAD, 
DOMBIVALI  NAGARI S", S=MAHARASHTRA, 
PostalCode=421202, C=IN
Date:29-11-2023 14:47:24 +05:30

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Syrma SGS Technology Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. J. S. GUJRAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – SYRMA 
SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. JAYESH DOSHI – DIRECTOR – SYRMA SGS 
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. BIJAY AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
MR. NIKHIL GUPTA – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
SYRMA SGS TECHNOLOGY LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. BHOOMIKA NAIR – DAM CAPITAL ADVISORS 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Syrma SGS Technology Ltd. hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Thanks Michelle. Good morning everyone and welcome to the Syrma SGS Technology Q2 
FY24 Earnings Call. I would like to welcome the senior management from the company and 
thank them for this opportunity. 
 
Without any further delay, I will now hand over the conference to Mr. Nikhil Gupta, Investor 
Relations of Syrma. Over to you, Nikhil. 
Nikhil Gupta: 
Thank you, Bhoomika. Hi. Very good morning to all. Welcome to Syrma SGS second quarter 
and half year fiscal 2024 Earnings Call. We have with us today Mr. J. S. Gujral, Managing 
Director, Syrma SGS, Mr. Jayesh Doshi, Director and Mr. Bijay Agarwal, Chief Financial 
Officer, Syrma SGS, to discuss the performance of the company during the second quarter and 
half year fiscal 2024, followed by a detailed question and answer session. 
 
During the session, certain statements that will be made are forward-looking, which involves 
several risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from those in such forward-looking cases. All forward-looking statements made 
herein are based on the information presently available to the management and the company 
does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements that may be made in the course of 
this call. In this regard, please do review the disclaimer statements in the earnings release and 
all other factors that can cause the difference. 
 
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. J. S. Gujral, Managing Director, Syrma SGS. Thank 
you. 
J S Gujral: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It's my pleasure to be with you again to discuss with you 
the performance of the company in the Q2 FY23-24 and the half year ended September 23. We 
continue to grow at a scorching pace of 45%-50% plus Year on Year basis over the last four, 
five, six quarters. 
 
And this quarter, we have grown, the turnover has grown by about 52% and if I compare it with 
the half year, we have grown by about 55% this year. And this pace, we are very confident that 
the pace of growth will continue, the momentum will continue into the future and at least for the 
next two to three years, we see growth hovering upwards of 35% on an overall basis. 
 
EBITDA margin at 8% this quarter, operating EBITDA margin of 7% after a one-time charge 
of expenses related to the acquisition of JDHL, in absence of which the margins would have 
been higher by about half a percent or 0.6%. Overall, we are very confident of the business and 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
what we believe is that we are building an enterprise for the future. Our guidance for this year's 
revenue and EBITDA margins, EBITDA in absolute terms, stands intact. 
 
Typically, the first half year of any financial year is accounting for about 45% of the global 
overall annual revenues and we expect that this trend would continue and we would be there 
with the figures which we have indicated to you. There has been no significant variation in the 
mix of revenues quarter on quarter. 
 
Year on year, there has been a slight increase of revenues of the consumer business and the 
growth in the consumer segment is primarily coming in from build to print of vanilla EMS which 
inherently have lower margins. The previous year, the consumer business accounted for was on 
ODM basis which has a higher margin. Automotive continues to be about a fourth of our revenue 
with consumer about a little more than a third, industrial a little more than a fourth of our 
revenue. 
 
Healthcare has seen a slight revival in the last quarter as I had indicated in my earning call last 
quarter. We expected the healthcare to close at about 35 plus crores this quarter and we are there 
with that figure in this quarter. But since the non-healthcare business is growing at a much higher 
pace, the percentage of healthcare as a percentage of total revenue has come down. 
 
But in absolute terms, the healthcare is going up. Exports as a percentage of sales account for 
about 26% and they have accounted for a growth of about 12% quarter on quarter and 9% year 
on year. Now this again is a play of a domestic demand going up significantly. 
 
The domestic demand business has grown by 78%. So when a domestic leg of the business grows 
at 78%, the export as a percentage of total revenue comes down. But in absolute terms, the export 
business continues to grow. 
 
We had started the journey with three objectives in mind. One was growth at industry plus 
average, EBITDA of 10% and working capital of about 70 days. On the two legs, we are on 
track and it's only in EBITDA there's a small lag because of the product mix which has changed. 
 
We internally monitor the margins based on industry verticals and we don't find a decline in any 
margin in the industry vertical. It's only the composition of the revenue chain which has resulted 
in a reduction in the overall EBITDA margins and also for the one time charge that  just alluded 
earlier. On operating efficiencies, I'm happy to share with you that we have operating efficiency 
of approximately 5% during H1 FY24 in overhead compared to half year of last year. 
 
And going forward, we believe that we can further improve on this reduction. Now as far as the 
future growth of the business is concerned, we are very confident of maintaining this growth 
rate. On the specific question of exports, the customers which we have onboarded earlier this 
year which was in Q4 of FY23 or calendar year this year, the prototyping, the sampling have all 
started and the production is in line with what we have projected.  
 
And we expect these new customers, multinational customers in exports to yield a significant 
revenue of approximately Rs 200 crores plus in the coming year that is the financial year 2024-
2025. 2023-2024 is the prototyping and the NPI and the sampling of the things. And once we 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
are able to service these customers in 2024-2025, they are global customers with billions of 
dollars of electronic spend. 
 
We believe and we are very confident that we would be able to significantly uptake our wallet 
share with these customers. Again, because the domestic demand fraction is very, very high, the 
export as a percentage may hover at around 30% against our wish list of one third.  
Similarly, we had shared with you last time that we had set up a separate design and engineering 
center in April of this year which is headed by senior colleagues from the company.During this 
quarter, we have beefed up our marketing presence for design services in US and UK. These are 
initial stages of work in progress and I am very confident that going forward in the FY24-25, 
the design and engineering business of the company will be a mainstay for the growth of ODM 
and also accretion to the EBITDA and the profit margins. These are early days but we are 
investing a lot of resources and manpower and processes in the design center so that in the 
coming years, this will contribute to the profitable growth of the company. 
 
On the capex cycle, we are on track. We had promised or we had shared with you that we will 
be spending about INR250 crores this year apart from the acquisition. So if I exclude the 
acquisition of JDHL, we have already spent about INR110 crores this year and the balance is on 
stream. The plants which we had sort of started early this year, they are on track and we expect 
the new facilities, the greenfield new facilities to start yielding revenues in FY24-25. As I shared, 
all the capex plans which we are doing this year are targeted for FY24-25. 
On the business front, I would also like to share with you that we have signed up with one of the 
largest IoT manufacturers in the world. And we have done the sampling production and they 
have passed the test. And currently, their engineers are working at our factories to stabilize the 
production processes based on global standards. And this IoT application has a variety of 
applications in engineering, telecom and others like energy metering, telecom and other 
applications and we see a significant uptick in this business. 
That's all from me. I'll hand over to Bijay to run you through the financials and then I'm open 
for any questions-and-answers. Thank you. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Good morning, everyone. I'll now quickly take you through the brief financials for this quarter 
and half-year ended September 2023. So before I start, I would like to highlight that the last 
announced acquisition of JDHL, we have been able to conclude, complete 51% acquisition of 
JDHL. And we have already consolidated the financials of JDHL in this quarter results. 
I'm delighted to say that the company has again registered a strong revenue growth during the 
quarter with a  52% year-on-year growth and also 55% growth for the half year. Similarly, our 
gross profit also increased by almost 9% on year-on-year basis for the quarter and 21% for the 
half year. 
Happy to share that our team strength has been demonstrated on the operating efficiency that we 
have been able to achieve in this quarter. Thereby, our overheads as a percentage of revenue has 
decreased by almost 4% to 4.5%. We still continue to work on this further. And going forward, 
we expect larger operating efficiency in the P&L. In this current quarter, there have been few 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
one-time expenses also been factored in our other operating other expenses which includes 
consulting expenses related to JDHL acquisition and few other expenses for about INR4 crores 
to 4.5 crores. EBITDA for this quarter is INR58 crores, and for the H1 is INR117 crores, which 
is almost 28% higher on a year-on-year basis. 
This quarter, we had lower tax, and primarily because Syrma, the parent entity, has now moved 
to the new tax regime. That was a change here. So going forward, we expect now on a 
consolidated basis, on a steady-state basis we will be in the range of 25%, 26% of overall average 
tax for the Group. Coming to PAT for H1, it was about INR59 crores and again a growth of 
about 28% on year-on-year basis. 
Order book side, while Mr Gujral has already updated. We have almost a total open order book 
of approximately INR3,800 crores and out of which about INR3,000 crores to INR3,200 crores 
is what we expect we should be able to complete over next 12 months. 
Coming to our net working capital days, on average basis, our net working capital days as of 
September end is approximately 70 days, which is almost three days higher than the number that 
we reported in the last quarter and primarily because of higher inventory carrying right now. We 
expect we should be able to furthermore achieve a saving of approximately 5 to 7 days from this 
number in the next two to three quarters. 
Coming to our overall debt position, our debt position as on September end is approximately 
INR420 crores, out of which near about INR330 crores is working capital and about INR90 
crores is term loan. Against which we have been carrying a total treasury of approximately 
INR545 crores. So I am carrying a net cash position of approximately INR125 crores as on 
September end. 
With respect to the capex, as Mr Gujral has already updated, we had already spent almost 
INR110 crores in the H1, out of which about INR60 crores we had spent in the last quarter ended 
Sep’23. Thus, in totality, we are on track against our previous estimation of INR200 crores to 
INR250 crores spent for this financing year. Just to update, our project in Hosur has already 
kicked off. We have already acquired the land on lease. We will be now starting the construction, 
the rest of the work for this project. So there will be a decent capex spend which we are expecting 
in the next two quarters for about INR100 crores to INR140 crores. 
That is all and now I can hand over to Moderator to open the forum for questions-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the 
first question from the line of Aniket Pandey from DSP Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Pandey: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. I just wanted to understand which exactly products you 
are selling into your consumer business because if you look at your material margin, they have 
almost halved in this first half of FY ’24. So just wanted to get a sense on that. 
Secondly on your gross margin profile going forward what are the levers you have to take up 
your gross margin again to 30% and higher band? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
Okay, now I will take that question, it has two legs question, the first is the product profile. Three 
verticals which are accounting for about 75%, 80% of our revenue are the consumer, automotive 
and industrial. Automotive and industrial, it's a secular migration from one customer to another 
customer, an addition of new customers all over there. So we do not see a significant change in 
material margin profiles. In fact, there's a positive improvement on the margins of these two 
verticals. 
In the consumer segment, what has happened, as I shared with my earlier comments that last 
year we were primarily catering with ODM products, which is my own design products. Whereas 
from somewhere in the later quarters of the last financial year and this year, the consumer 
business growth has primarily come in from the vanilla EMS or built to print, where the margins 
internationally are very, very competitive. And hence you see a big reduction in the material 
margin between the last year and this year. 
Now what we do in our internal analysis is, that in my ODM, I am able to maintain or increasing 
the margins in the ODM, It's the nature of the product. However now the nature of the product 
has changed, which has resulted in the margin profile sort of reduction. It is not that the product 
inherently being manufactured by us over the last several decades have shown a decline. So it's 
a composition mix. Now the composition mix is a business decision to capture the market. It 
gives you additional expansion plans. It could be working capital accretive, all those things. 
Our margins are currently at about, for gross material margins are at about 24%. If they can go 
up or they will go up only when my exports kick off as I shared with my exports coming in next 
year for the clients onboarded this year. The current year export growth is only vanilla growth 
from my existing clients. The real push in the exports will come in the next year. And with the 
uptick in the healthcare business, I expect healthcare business to be a significant uptick next 
year. So these three factors, aided by the design and engineering efforts, which will be fructify 
by next year, I expect the margins, sector-wise, to go up. 
In absolute terms, if my vanilla consumer business goes up by a higher percentage, as a 
percentage of margins may hover at 27%, 26%, or whatever, but in absolute terms, there will 
not be a significant drop. So we keep both the things into mind, the percentage and the absolute. 
I hope I have answered your question. 
Moderator: 
 
Mr. Pandey, do you have any further questions? 
Aniket Pandey: 
 
No. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, excluding the Johari acquisition, I guess it is included for 
one month or three months in the quarter? And excluding Johari, what would be the stand-alone 
growth rate numbers for revenue, EBITDA, PAT? That's one info. 
Secondly the margins have been very volatile, so any explicit guidance you would like to give 
for EBITDA margins for H2 FY ‘24? That is second question. And third question is, we have 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
been hearing a lot of news flows on the manufacturing of laptops and other IT products in India. 
While there are, again, from government also, the dates are changing a lot. But have you seen 
any inquiries and any view on that market for how much revenue potential is there, how much 
revenue opportunity is there for Syrma on that account? Yes. 
J S Gujral: 
So there are four questions which I've asked. The first one is the revenue growth without 
consolidating one month of JDHL, I think there will be hardly much of difference in the overall 
revenue growth without Johari Digital consolidation this year. So when I say, it is 55% or 52% 
growth, it may be 51% or 49%, but significant change. 
In EBITDA, there would be a slight change, instead of 28% growth in EBITDA, it would come 
to about 26%plus growth in EBITDA. The full impact of, the positive impact of this acquisition 
will only kick in in the next six months when we consolidate. 
Now, you referred to the volatility in the margins. As I shared in my earlier question, the 
volatility in the margins is because of change of product mix. What worries me as a promoter or 
as an entrepreneur, is my businesses were having a volatile margin. For example, my automotive 
business continues to be at a stable margin. In fact, there is a positive increase this half year. 
Similarly, my industrial business continues to be at that margin. 
The volatility has kicked in only because of change in the nature of consumer business which 
we are doing from ODM to OEM. So I wouldn't call it a volatility, I would call it a change in 
the mix. And if a lower margin business grows at a higher rate, obviously there is an impact on 
the overall percentages. 
We believe, as I shared in my previous question, that with the exports kicking in from the 
customers on boarded this year, and the design and engineering efforts, fructifying, coupled with 
the healthcare business showing a rebound, we should see a uptick in the margin, percentage 
margins in the coming quarters and the medium term. What we are also very cognizant or 
mindful is of the absolute numbers which we make. And once my business is growing at this 
phase in absolute figures, and second half is normally better than the first half historically if we 
see, I believe that it will help us in attaining the guidance which we have shared with you. 
Your fourth question was on IT laptops. The IT policy, I'm told, will be announced this week or 
early next week. Once the IT policy is announced, then the tie-up with the potential customers 
will begin. So it's a chicken and egg story. A customer doesn't want to tie up without a IT PLI 
policy in your favor. So if you are one of the recipients of the IT PLI, it will be a digital story. 
If the people, the companies who get the IT PLI and are able to tie-up with big customers, the 
revenue growth will not be in INR100 crores or INR200 crores, it will be in INR1,000 of crores. 
But we should be mindful of the fact that our IT product inherently is like a mobile phone. 
It is a low margin or a compactively tighter margin, but high volume, positive on working capital. 
So the percentage margins would go down, but the absolute figures would go up. I hope 
Aniruddha, I have answered your questions. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Yes, sure, sir. Very helpful. Just lastly, now we are simplifying the group structure with some of 
the subsidiaries getting merged with Syrma. So any synergy benefits that you would like to call 
out? Yes, that's it from my side. Thank you. 
J S Gujral: 
Synergies consolidation as we have shared earlier, has already taken place, just that the expenses 
or whatever assets are housed in two, three different legal entities. Going forward, once the 
complete merger takes place, that merger per se would result in saving of the compliance costs, 
a more efficient fund management because the entire treasury or the funds of the company are 
housed in one entity rather than in two entities so it will be a more efficient utilization of funds. 
Funds saved with a merger, the operational efficiencies I don't, I wouldn't attribute it to the 
merger. 
The compliance and efficient use of funds would have a direct, are indirect impact of the merger. 
The operational efficiency, for example, 5% reduction in overhead compared to the last half year 
has already kicked in. And this is an ongoing process and will continue to it, but I cannot directly 
attribute it to the merger except for the compliance and the efficient use of working capital. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Sure sir, thank you, very helpful. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Good morning, sir. So just one question from my side. Sir, given that our consumer segment is 
growing the fastest. Do you expect a much bigger reduction in working capital given the asset 
turns are more and working capital reduction? So can our ROCE go up because of that? 
Management: 
You see, at the end of the day, when we take business, we evaluate various parameters. And 
typically, typically in a low margin business, the asset turn and the working capital as a positive 
feature. The negative feature is the low margin or comparatively lower margin. The positive is 
the working capital, the cash flows and the asset turn. And as this business grows up, we would 
definitely see the uptake in both of these sectors and a better efficient utilization of working 
capital. 
 Now, the -- We are growing at 50 odd percent. You have to keep the capacities ready for the 
new customers. And hence, the tangible returns which should have come are not visible. If I was 
to exclude the assets which have not fructified on a full-time basis, my assets are already upward 
of 6x. But because the capacities are being created for the new customers and new products, 
there's always a time lag between the creation of the capacity and its utilization. But yes, with 
the consumer business, we'll see positive on both the things which you mentioned, that's the 
system and the working cap. 
Alok Deshpande:  
Sure, sir. Thank you so much for your answer. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Venkatesh Balasubramaniam from Axis 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Yes, thank you for this opportunity. My question is all related to revenue and EBITDA. You 
know all of them are interrelated questions. In one of your answers you alluded to the fact that 
about your guidance. So can you once again clarify what exactly is your guidance for revenue 
and EBITDA margins for the current year? Because we are not aware of any guidance, because 
even in the last quarter you didn't mention about any guidance. So can you please clarify clearly 
what is the guidance for revenue and EBITDA margins? 
On a related note, you also mentioned that in the first half normally you do 45% of your yearly 
revenues. Based on that back of the envelope, it looks like you're possibly talking about full year 
revenues of roughly INR3,000 crores or $30 billion. And on a related note, again, your EBITDA 
margins in the first half is 8.7%. What is something that we should bake in for the full year? Can 
we, would it be 8.7% or will it improve slightly? And if it improves, where does this go to for 
the full year? 
J S Gujral: 
Okay. I think you're bang on when I said absolute future projections is one issue but we do share 
the guidance and when I said that we grow over the first half is approximately 45 odd percent 
so whether the final figure is 2900, 3000, 2850 or 3,100. That is, we will cross – one of share 
when it happens. But you are right, based on this, we expect to be around the figure which you 
indicated. I can't pinpoint exactly to the INR50 crores whether it will be this or that because 
these are long-term contracts and market situations in the last month, looks very well a one-week 
delay in billing could result in a lower turnover. 
On EBITDA also you have shared the percentages and as a logical thing that if we achieve the 
revenues which we are expecting, we will get some operational efficiencies kicking in and we 
should be able to achieve what you have pointed out in your question. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
 So okay, so you're basically telling if you do get to let's say INR3,000 crores kind of revenues, 
9%, 9.2% kind of margins is possible. 
J S Gujral: 
I'm not holding 9%, 9.2% or 10%. I am saying we should be fair. 
V. Balasubramaniam: 
Okay, okay. Thank you all the very best. 
J S Gujral: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Meet Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please 
go ahead. 
Meet Jain: 
Hi sir, thank you for the opportunity. I have one question regarding the order book mix. So if 
you can provide an order book mix in terms of your end user and also in terms of export? And 
my other question is regarding anything that is for the backward integration like for PCB 
manufacturing or OSAT thing. Can you speak a little bit on that? 
J S Gujral: 
Okay, while we are pulling out the things, the order book is approximately INR3,800 crores as 
of 30th of September. Earlier, I think it was INR3,000 odd crores as on 30th of June. The breakup 
we are just pulling out. Till then I'll answer the other two questions. We are evaluating OSAT 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
or ATMP as we call it, but as yet we have not taken a final decision, because we are very mindful 
of the capex cycle in this, which is a huge capex. 
So we are very cautious in evaluating this project. So it is still, let's put it, WIP. And as I shared 
in my last call, this project does not have any first mover advantage, simply because the Indian 
companies would be tying up with a foreign partner and stuffing his supply chain. Or his supply 
chain will migrate from his existing location to India. So it's not that I'm ceding a market to 
competition. Till that project is set up in India by the technology partners, he would continue to 
supply from his existing manufacturing location. So it's still a work in progress. 
On PCB, we have given it a thought but when we scan around, we find that none of the EMS 
companies are into PCB. And I would give benefit of doubt to their global intelligence, whether 
it is a Foxconn or a Flex or a Jabil or a Sanmina and I can go on naming. And they are all multi-
billion-dollar companies. None of them is into the PCB manufacturing. And PCB manufacturing 
is a chemical industry. 
If the growth in my core competency which is electronic manufacturing, I see a significant 
growth for the foreseeable future. I would like to spread thread my management and my capital 
allocation on this industry. The industry has to have a shrink and in line with our core 
competency. So as of date, PCB, we are not evaluating., but OSAT we are evaluating and we 
are mindful of it. 
Meet Jain: 
On the order book side, approximately 20% of our order book is related to the export business 
and the balance is related to the domestic business. In terms of end user means like auto, 
healthcare consumer? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
In that if you see broadly about 20% is towards auto and similar way about 20% towards 
industrial business and about 10% to 15% is related to healthcare, IT and railways business and 
about 45% to 50% is related to consumer business. 
J S Gujral: 
See I would just like to add on this, is the export business, we have just onboarded the customers 
when doing the sampling. So what we have is the contracts and we don't have the firm orders. 
So we don't call it a firm order till a purchase order is physically received into a system. So on 
the visibility of export, I have shared with you that the new customers which we have onboarded 
should give us approximately INR200 crores of revenue next year. All of them, we may not have 
had the orders in hand, we have contracts with them. 
The consumer business has a better visibility because now it's a mature business with us and 
hence or we have contracts for a longer period. But we believe that going forward, the ratio of 
consumer accounting for about a third, automotive and industrial accounting for more about a 
fourth, healthcare accounting for about 7%, 8%, and remaining IT, without the IT PLI, the 
current organic IT products which we are doing. 
If we get the IT PLI and we are able to tie up with a potential customer, then the IT revenues 
will have a significant uptake. But in all our guidance which we are giving, we are not taking 
the incremental revenues which would accrue from the IT PLI should we get one. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
20% and you can say maybe healthcare, IT and railways about 15%, 15% and similar way, the 
old consumer is 45%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Gajare from Hightong Securities, please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Good morning gentlemen and thank you for the opportunity. You know, while most of the 
questions are answered, I just have one question which I wanted to continue from the earlier 
participants. Now, you very clearly guided about the revenue and you also talked about margin 
through a combination of operating leverage, merger benefits, and rising share of exports. 
Now, when you compare FY'24 to a combination of all these kinds of things, what is the benefit 
that you are looking for? And to make things easier, could you also talk about the margin 
differential that you would have between your domestic business and your export business? 
Thank you. 
J S Gujral: 
See, domestic versus export, the export is higher by about 5% to 7% points. So when I say my 
gross material margin is about 24%, it would automatically mean that there would be some 
products which would be at 30%, 35%, 34% gross material margin, some products which are a 
little lower than 24 and hence the average of 23%, 24%. So there is a differentiation of 4%, 5%, 
7% depending on the industry which we are serving between the exports and the domestic. 
Healthcare similarly is a high margin business. But within the domestic business, I think the 
margin profile of automotive is -- it is slightly more tighter than industrial. Industrial is slightly 
more accretive to the margin. Consumer is sort of the tightest. And one thing which I would like 
to share with all is that, in the consumer we are supplying products which are covered under 
PLI. 
The PLI incentives have not been factored in the margin profile which I have shared with you 
or which on depicted in the accounts. We are entitled to a 6% PLI and then it goes to 5.5% or 
5%. So, let's take for the next two years it is 6% or 5%. That margin has not been considered in 
the margin book in the financial statement. They will be accounted for only when they are 
physically received in the bank. 
Whatever we receive and whatever we share with our potential customers or existing customers, 
the net accretion, if I was to share, say, a 50% margin, then a 3% accretion on the telecom 
product which I supply, if I was to share one -- two-thirds and one-third, so for a rough 
indication, for the last year, over PLI is about INR9 crores. So if I have to share two-thirds, INR3 
crores gets added to my EBITDA. If I share half, INR4.5 crores gets sent into EBITDA.  
And this year, based on whatever we have done and whatever we have projected to do in the 
next six months, I am expecting a PLI of approximately INR45 crores to INR50 crores. Now, if 
I share one third or two thirds with the customer, INR15 crores still comes into my balance sheet. 
If I share half, it is INR25 crores. These are negotiations for commercial negotiations, but we 
have not factored in the PLI in these things.So hence, the margins are tighter. 
Rahul Gajare: 
 
That is very helpful. And this PLI, where are we accounted for in your P&L? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
J S.Gujral: 
 
We are not accounted for today because we have not received it today. 
Rahul Gajare: 
 
Last year, I am talking about last year? 
J S.Gujral: 
Also we have not received. Once we receive, we will account for it this year. So, conjugative, it 
is not on an accrual basis. On a conservative basis, we will account for it only when the money 
is in the bank. The applications have been filed, they are under the process of evaluation and 
scrutiny. So hypothetically, if I get the PLI in February, I will account for it in the quarter of 
January to March. So these financials don't have a reflection of PLI at all. 
Rahul Gajare: 
 
And you will account it in other income, I would imagine? 
J S.Gujral: 
That will go by the guidance of what the industry practices and what the institute or the auditors 
advise. It will go by the industry practice. I don't know how other companies which have already 
received it, I will ask Bijay to go through it and it will be accounted for in the main income. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So this should come as other operating income, you are right, as per the accounting standard and 
again, we will be guided by the auditors here in this particular case. 
Rahul Gajare: 
Thank you very much and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Amar Maurya from AlfAccurate 
Advises Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, thanks a lot for the opportunity. Couple of questions from my side. Sir, firstly, if you can 
give me what was the JDHL growth in the first half and what was the revenue consolidated in 
Q2 if any, that is number two and then I have few follow up. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So JDHL in this quarter, we have only may be less than a month kind of a performance is what 
we have considered because we acquired that particular entity on 5th of September. So the 
revenues are less than INR10 crores and similar way very minor EBITDA and PAT has been 
added in this particular quarter. Going forward it should be a normal full company performance 
which will be consolidated. 
And the revenue growth when we are seeing as Mr. Gujral has previously explained, the growth 
numbers will be broadly similar. So like instead of 55% you can consider 51-52% of the revenue 
growth on an approxbasis. And same way, EBITDA and PAT growth, which we have been 
saying 28%, that can come down to 26.5% and 27% broadly. 
Amar Maurya: 
For JDHL? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
That is for our performance, excluding JDHL. 
Amar Maurya: 
No, sir. What I want to know is that, JDHL first half performance, since you consolidated, what 
was the JDHL's first half growth? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
That is, we can provide you separately of details. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
We have accounted for JDHL only for one month. 
Amar Maurya: 
Correct, but at least we must be now having six months of performance of JDHL, right? 
J S Gujral: 
We can share it. I don't have the figures immediately off the line, but I think it is a sort of a 
flattish sort of a growth, maybe 5%- 7%. There's no significant growth in the overall thing 
because we took the overall figures of the financial year last year. But what we are very confident 
is that, we have acquired a platform and in the coming years we are putting in a system, now we 
have already put in a system of how do we run that operation more efficiently than what it was 
being run and how do we address the markets which are available. 
And there are a lot of interesting products which are in the pipeline over there. And we have got 
some central government approval. We are tying up with one of the renowned Indian brands for 
medical devices for something, supplying it to him. So we are confident and bullish on the 
growth in the portfolio of JDHL and healthcare, which we already have. 
But to the exact details of your question, I think Bijay will, you can connect with Bijay or Nikhil, 
they will share with you all the figures offline. We don't have that published information for the 
first six months of last year versus first six months of this year because we had only consolidated 
one month ago and we had a sub-period account audited. 
Amar Maurya: 
Sir, second question is, if I consider let's say JDHL flat number last year, then in second half at 
least we will do a healthcare revenue of around INR200 crores considering the INR51 crores run 
rate from your existing business and remaining coming from JDHL, then basically what we are 
talking is a gross margin of 24% because your healthcare mix will change, so that will lead to a 
second half gross margin of around 24%. But despite that, are we like if I do that math, then 
probably we will be short of in our EBITDA margin even lesser than 9%? 
J S Gujral: 
See, finally on this thing, we would consolidate the figures and whether it is 9%, whether it is 
8.5%, as I said, we are into a marathon and not a sprint. And honestly, I am honestly, while 
quarter-on-quarter performances and figures are very, very important and the markets and the 
analysts are very sensitive to it, but we being in the business for the long haul, while we are 
mindful for it, while we are sensitive to it, but we are not hung up about it. 
I am looking at the long-term picture of the company, a minor aberration here, a minor abrasion 
there, it's part and parcel of the business. Is my long-term story intact? The answer is a big firm, 
yes, in bold letters. So we are very confident of that. So, let's leave it at that and we can discuss 
it in detail. I'm looking at the overall long-term picture. 
One quarter here, there, I'm sensitive to it. It hurts me, so I'm sort of alive to it. But I'm not hung 
up about it that I would sacrifice my long-term objectives and wages for achieving the short-
term objectives. So we are very mindful of that. 
Amar Maurya: 
So, sir, basically what we are trying to understand or probably everybody is trying to understand 
one thing that, sir, of this top-line growth is important, but there should be certain benchmarks 
that below that we will not go on the EBITDA margin, right? See, basically, at a low margin 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
every business is available, right? But there should be a certain benchmark that beyond – below 
that, we will not go, right? 
J S Gujral: 
See even today, if I could not include the one time write-off near about 8%. 7% by 8% of 
operating EBITDA, leaving financial income. So I think that should be a clear guidance to all of 
us that where the company is going. Now short term abrasion would happen if the product 
profile, product mix changes. Please appreciate that. But long term story should remain intact. 
And that's what we have shared. 
Right from the beginning, we have been sharing that we should be about double digit. Now, I'm 
not saying 12%, 11%. We have always been maintaining, we should be above double digit. And 
we still maintain that on a long term. Short term, there has been a small lag in it. How will we 
achieve that in the future, we already shared our strategy of exporting about one third of our 
revenues, and design led manufacturing being about 25%, which is currently 18%. 
Now once these two, three things fall in place over a period of time, we should achieve the 
percentages which we had suggested, but we should also be mindful, what is the absolute 
quantum we make. End of the day, percentages are very, very critical, but what is the absolute 
money in the box which we earn? That is also very important. So, it's a play of all these things, 
there is no simple black and white answer to this. 
JAYESH DOSHI: 
And also the low margin business advantage is also, it brings in about the businesses as well as 
the working capital. Look at the impact of the working capital in the cash flows, the generation 
of the cash flows and the reduction in the working capital. So I think it's a great balance to have 
it. And if this one-time expenditure would not be there, we are on the track and Mr. Gujral said 
on the margins also. 
So I think everything and a long haul, it's just not an aberration also, if I were to ask you going 
further, because a lot of companies, they capitalize a lot of one-time expenditures to the 
investment. This has not happened here. So it's mindful about the new businesses, not the 
businesses which are growing, also attracts a lot of other businesses as well as working capital 
processes. 
In most of the cases here, the reduction from 98 days of the year, we are today at 70 days, which 
we have said as Mr. Gujral earlier pointed out that three parameters we have said that if we bring 
about reduction in working capital, we will ensure top line growth and we will ensure a balance 
of the margin to achieve over 9% to 10% and we are there. 
Amar Maurya: 
Okay. Perfect, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Jignesh Kamani from GMO. Please 
go ahead. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Hi sir. If you take about you mentioned that share of the ODM business particularly in the 
consumer was lower this time. I believe ODM is significantly higher working capital cycle 
versus OEM. So this part lower share of ODM, we have not seen any improvement in the 
working capital cycle versus ODM. I just want to know the reason behind that. And can you 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
help understand about, is there any material difference in the working capital cycle between auto 
consumer and other segment? 
J S Gujral: 
Sorry, I couldn't get the last part of your question. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Second thing is on, in segment wise, be it auto, industrial, healthcare, is there any material 
difference in the working capital cycle? 
J S Gujral: 
Okay. You see, typically in the industry as a thing, products which have a high margin would 
have a high working capital cycle because the volumes would be lower. The low margin 
products, the volumes would be higher so the operational efficiency is both on a set term and 
the working capital ticket. Now, we are very mindful of the overall thing. 
End of the day, we have to have a positive cash flow on a consistent basis, not quarter-on-quarter, 
but at least on a yearly basis, half yearly basis, you can have a positive cash flow. The margins 
in ODM are 5% - 7% higher than the plain vanilla build to print business, but then it will also 
depend upon the industry which you are servicing. 
So the working capital cycle in automotive, industrial, healthcare by and large is safe. There is 
no significant difference between the two. Now if you are supplying to contracts which are with 
government, the working capital cycle could be very, very high as some of the peers have in the 
industry, their published information. 
But if you are supplying to the private sector, export, typical net working capital cycle should 
be about 80 days- 85 days. Coupled with other products, we have brought it down to 70 days 
and we expect to bring it down by another five days to seven days in the coming quarters. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So if you take about the second quarter, despite lower share of ODM, working capital is not 
reduced. I just want to understand the reason behind that? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
In this second quarter, so like quarter-on-quarter while we have been trying, targeting to reduce 
the working capital, but quarter-on-quarter, this is primarily like some customer-related 
inventories what we have got in the end of this quarter. So that's where there is a three days of 
difference. It has not reduced it. But these are some things like quarter-on-quarter variations 
which will keep on happening there. 
J S Gujral: 
Okay. Now, just to add on to what Bijay said, as I shared in the beginning, that the customers, 
export customers which we are on boarded, we have secured inventories. I'm not saying the 
inventories have been secured for series production which is to start in January or April of next 
year. But when you buy products for new customers and new products, when you buy the 
materials, you are stuck up with the minimum order quantity or the size of a component of a 
spool. 
The components typically come in a spool. So I may have to make 100 pieces, but I have to – 
I'm stuck up with 5,000 pieces of inventory because the minimum spool size is 5,000. So three 
days variation, which is less than 5% in terms of number of days, is a play of many factors. And 
one shipment for some reason gets late, you are stuck up with the inventory. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
So on a consistent basis, we have brought it down from upwards of 90 to 70. Now 70 becomes 
67 or 65 or 72, 71, last year it was 67. That's a commercial play and I think we should not be too 
sort of sensitive to it. These are commercial things. At the end of the day, what we are interested 
in knowing or what we look at is, is the trend right? 
Are we reducing the working capital cycle or not? And there the trend is very, very discernible 
that yes, my teams have done a good job in bringing down the working capital cycle and I think 
a good reference point will be to see what other peers have in the industry. To benchmark… 
Management: 
Also as we grow at this rate, scorching rate, with new capacities coming up, you have to stock 
up inventory for the next phase of the growth. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. So if you take three to five years down line, what kind of operating cashflow to 
EBITDA ratio we are comfortable at? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
So we are targeting an OCF to EBITDA going forward on a steady basis, 50% plus. That's what 
is our clear target. We are continuously working towards it. In H1, this is still about 20%, but 
given the working capital efficiencies which we are targeting for H2, we should be able to 
improve it further. 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Sure. And just adding to that, since incrementally more growth is coming from healthcare, or 
some export also, which are slightly heavy on the working cycle, is there any risk for the further 
increase in the working cycle in near term? 
J S Gujral: 
See, on an overall basis, we should be hovering at about 70 days. I'll be happy if we can bring it 
down by another four days, five days, six days. I don't personally foresee a significant uptake in 
the working capital, number of days. But again, there's one caveat to it. When I start the 
manufacturing of series production for my export customers, then till the production cycle comes 
into being, for a month, two months, my inventory levels could go up. 
And the sales would cook in 30 days, 40 days later. So I have to stop the inventory before to 
start the production. So month-on-month, there could be slight aberration. But on a long-term 
basis, with all the product mixes which we have got, we are very confident that we will be south 
of 70 rather than north of 70 days. 
Jignesh Kamani:  
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just want clarification. So, the kind of mix change you have seen 
within the consumer also. Are we seeing based on our order book such changes in any of the 
other sub-segments, either positive or negative mix change in other segments? And one 
clarification is that, basically you are mentioning that by FY '25, mix would improve and that 
would give us not only growth, but margin-attractive growth, but that would be in FY '25? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
You see, the product mix in FY '24- '25 in absolute figures will see an uptick in exports, will see 
an uptick in healthcare. But the domestic business would continue to go at the scorching pace of 
60%- 70% of whatever it is, led by, I emphasize on the consumer. 
So as percentages, the impact will not be that visible. It will be visible, but in absolute terms, the 
impact will be very, very discernible and there for everyone to see. See if my domestic business 
in the consumer segment goes up by 50%, so currently it's about 30% 35% of INR1,300 crores, 
that's about a INR1,000 crores, what you call INR500 crores, INR450 crores, INR490 crores. 
Now if on INR5,000 crores or INR4,000 crores, it is 30%, 40%, 35%, it will be INR1,200 crores, 
INR1,500 crores. 
So the percentage impact will be there, but in absolute terms, the incremental revenue which I 
get from my export business, which I share will be about INR200 crores from the new business 
and the healthcare business. It'll have a positive impact on my bottom line. In absolute figures 
and I a uptick in the percentage also. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Okay, the first part that any further mixed change within sub-segments you are witnessing any 
visibility based on your order book, the way you have seen in consumer between ODM and 
OEM? 
J S Gujral: 
See, the consumer is more of OEM is growing up. The ODM will kick in only next year, too 
early to say. ODM is accounting for about 17%. Next year I expect it to be higher by about 3%- 
4% more. So I should be at an ODM of about 20% in a month next year. 
Keyur Pandya: 
No, sir. The question was that the mixed change between ODM and OEM within consumer led 
to a change in margin mix. In rest of the segments like auto healthcare, industrial, etcetera. From 
current levels, are you seeing any change in the mix which can lead to fluctuation in margins, if 
you have a visibility based on the order book? 
J S Gujral: 
There is no significant change in the order book or the product mix which we will be supplying. 
So industrial, is industrial, there is no significant difference between one industrial product to 
the other industrial product, and so is the case with automotive. What we believe is that with the 
increasing purchase spend, as you've already got some efficiency in the operating overhead 
compared to the last year, my purchasing spend efficiency should kick in as my volumes go up. 
 
Some have already kicked in, some more will kick in. And we have constituted a special task 
force within the company to holistically look at it to see how we can bring in some percentage 
improvement in the material effect. Early days on the chicken, but they will surely be hatched. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. Sir, this last question, as you talked about, say, balance between margin and 
working capital, so how the working capital would be different for consumer segment versus 
rest of the segments? 
J S Gujral: 
There's a difference in the high volume. The working capital cycle is significantly lower. As I 
said, that industrial and automotive and all those things that have a working capital of 80 days, 
85 days or whatever, 90 days. And if the overall we are showing 70-odd days, it obviously shows 
that the consumer segment has a lower working capital cycle. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
See, it is directly related to the margin. Low margin business inherently have an efficient 
working capital. High margin business because the volumes are low, the varieties are large, the 
working capital cycle is a bit high. So this is intrinsically across the industries globally. So apart 
from working on... 
Keyur Pandya: 
 
If I can just give some idea, not exact number, probably range would give more clarity? 
J S Gujral: 
 
Sorry, I couldn't get it. 
Keyur Pandya: 
If you can give some quantification on the range of working capital for say, consumer and non-
consumer businesses, that would be helpful? 
Bijay Agarwal: 
Consumer, while the high volume business can be around somewhere around between 30 days 
to 40 days, while the other businesses we are running between varying with a different kind of 
vertical it is varying between 60 days to 80 days. So that's where we see this average is about 70 
days. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood sir. Thanks a lot and all the best for the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Vishal Singh from Makrana Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Prabjoth: 
Hi guys. This is Prabjoth from Makrana. I think a few people have asked this question and I 
think it's just important to get clarity here. So even if I adjust for the one-offs because of the 
acquisition, the ask rate for the margins for the second half is close to about 11.3%, what 11.5% 
percent which gets you to a full year number in the range of 9.2%, 9.3%. So what is the visibility 
on that? Number one. 
And number two is, Mr. Agarwal, I fully appreciate the way you look at things which is as long 
as there is no deterioration in the margin of the products that you're supplying, and this is just a 
function of change of the composition. I think what people are including us, I kind of get our 
head around is, so this is essentially the second quarter running where margins have come out 
lower driven by the consumer business. 
So I think what we're going to figure out is when you look forward, how does the business shape 
up? Because if the business is going to be consumer heavy, then clearly the margins will 
structurally be lower, while obviously growth can be higher and absolute number can be the 
same or give or take. So how do you think about that? 
Because I think, and if that dynamic changes, I think just more visibility around, okay, look, this 
is where we are today over the next 18 months to 24 months. This is how we get to that double 
digit, like you said, exports 2%, 3% higher. You know, obviously, your peers in the business are 
getting a lot of orders in railways, which obviously continues to do heavy capex. So maybe more 
visibility around that path to double digit or not, if consumers are going to be just a bigger 
component structurally? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
See, in the short term, which is a couple of quarters, the consumer would be a heavy weight in 
our portfolio. In the long run, once the exports and other products kick in, it will come back to 
its normal percentage. We would love to have no industry segment accounting for more than 
25% of our revenue on a long-term basis. That's a sort of objective which we have set for 
ourselves. But abrasions within the quarters do happen. 
And as I shared in one of my earlier questions, we have not factored in any PLI benefit for the 
current year or whatever. So hypothetically, if I was to take a PLI on an accrual basis which I 
will not as a conservative entrepreneur, my margins go up by another 0.6%, 0.7%, 0.8% 0.8% 
because of the PLI itself. Long term, consumers should be around 30%-plus. I don't see it coming 
down to 25% in the near future. When I say near future, even in ‘24, ‘25. 
Thereafter, it's too early to guess how the things pan out, but I would expect consumer to be 
about 30%, exports to go up to absolute figure, very good figure, it should be 30%-plus. And 
once my design efforts kick in, and we have hired resources, marketing resources in US and 
England, London, to spearhead the design marketing. I think we are there with the figures of the 
EBITDA margin which we have taken. 
Prabjoth: 
Mr. Gujral, one of the questions, so I understand exports, I understand consumer, what about the 
other, which is the whole thesis around import substitution, whether that is industrial, railways? 
How do you think about that business and the growth in that business? 
J S Gujral: 
Industrial, railways are a long haul. The values will not be very significant in the short term. 
They have a long gestation period. As I shared in my last call, we got the RDSO approval and 
we expect to do railway business of about INR70 crores up from about INR35 crores, INR40 
crores last year. Now even if that INR70 crores was to double next year to INR140 crores, it's a 
100% growth. But 140% growth if I close at whatever figure we believe this year and I was to 
grow at 40%, INR140 crores will be what, 3%, 3.5% of my total revenue. In a conservative 
business. 
So the import substitution in the consumer has the impact of what you call it when you take a 
paracetamol, it reduces the temperature immediately. So the import substitution in consumer 
space has a very short gestation period. Import substitution in industrial, railways, aerospace and 
the like, has a higher gestation period. So you have to work on the patient to make him healthy. 
So these are the buckets where we are working for the long-term health. But consumer business 
is available today because of the import substitution and hence this sort of mismatch in the 
portfolio. 
Prabjoth: 
Understood. And maybe you can take this offline. So well understood on the short-term impact 
of consumer. It'll be just helpful when you look at other domestic substitution opportunities, kind 
of how does that roadmap look like over the next two years, three years, four years. But this is 
very helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Sumant Kumar: 
Yes, hi. So can you talk about the diversification, industry diversification from the existing 
business? Like focusing on clean energy or A&D and telecom? 
J S Gujral: 
See, what we are focusing on is our core competency of design-led manufacturing. So, with our 
renewed focus on the design efforts in the company, we would see and are seeing sort of green 
shoots of new verticals and areas opening up. Too early to put a quantified figure on it that this 
will result into a x revenue or y revenue, but the democratization of the revenue of the industrial 
verticals would be there. 
But I don't see them displacing the three dominant verticals which we are working, which is 
automotive, industrial, and consumer. They would continue because they have a very high pace 
today. A new vertical, say, for example, in the renewable energy space comes up, but it will be 
starting from scratch. So starting from scratch to become a percentage in the overall revenue will 
take time. But our engineering teams are working on it and we are sort of very confident that 
going forward, the five verticals on the basis which will be growing is automotive. Automotive 
would be mobility as well as infrastructure. It will be industrial. And industrial, the utility 
metering would be one of the dominant players, apart from power management systems and 
other things. 
Aircon business would be a good business in the coming years. We have already started doing 
reasonably good revenues. We're tied up with a leading Japanese manufacturer in the country. 
And we are servicing his product. IoT would come in, but the IoT value would be small. But it 
will be margin-accurate. 
And one stream which we have started focusing on is the engineering services stream. Too early 
to say, how much it will generate, but hypothetically if it was to generate INR30 crores revenue 
in a year, there the typical EBITDA is about 45%, 50%. So INR15 crores is direct to the bottom 
line, without any material cost. So the design and engineering services is focused on two 
branches. One is the ODM development and one is the services business. 
So with all these factors, with the healthcare coming in, the PLI coming in, I'm very confident 
that what we had set out on a long-term basis of a reasonably high margin business with huge 
volumes from INR1,000 crores if you go up to INR4,000 crores, INR5,000 crores and you are 
able to get that without significantly compromising on EBITDA margins the absolute cake and 
pie which is available is very good. 
Sumant Kumar:  
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line 
of Swati Jhunjhunwala from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, thank you so much for taking my question. Most of them have been answered, just two 
quick ones. First, you said that ODM contribution was 17% in consumer for the quarter. So how 
much was this last year? 
And second, on the revenue guidance, you said INR3,000 crores for the full year. So is that 
including the INR100 crores of Johari that we expect in H2 or is that including that? 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
J S Gujral: 
We currently have not factored in the Johari revenues in our business plans. So whether it is 
INR3,000 crores or INR2,900 crores or INR3,100 crores, because when I say that we do 45% or 
whatever in the career of our staff, it's all organic, it's not including inorganic. So that should 
answer that question. 
On the ODM share in the last year, my personal gut feel, it was 22%, in the consumer space, I'll 
have to get back to you, what was the percentage last year, I'll ask Bijay to get back to you 
offline. I don't have the figure. But my personal hunch is that it will be significantly higher in 
consumer. 
Bijay Agarwal: 
 
So last year it was about 23% ODM share in consumer. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
In consumer and this year it was. The 17%, this year was for the entire business? 
J S Gujral: 
Because healthcare and consumer are two separate products and classified in ODM. So I'll get 
back to you with that question part with my team on the component, the breakup of the consumer 
business between ODM and non-ODM. We will get back to you. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Yes, and also if you could share what is the mix in H2 that you are expecting for ODM? What 
is the ODM share that you are expecting in H2, FY ‘24? 
J S Gujral: 
I think we'll continue the ODM because the ODM business will grow at a much faster pace. I 
think on the organic basis, my ODM share should be same as about this year which is 17%, 18% 
but with the inorganic sort of consolidation of figures it should go up. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Got it. All right, thank you so much for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there was a last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference over 
to Mr. Jasbir Gujral, Managing Director, Syrma SGS Technology Limited for closing comments. 
Over to you, sir. 
J S Gujral: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Pleasure answering all your questions. If you have still some 
queries, please get back to Nikhil Gupta, our Investor Relations Head, so that he can answer all 
those queries. 
On a closing note, I would just like to state very shortly that we are focused on building a long-
term sustainable organization, which as I have always been saying, grows at a rate higher than 
the industry average, which we have demonstrated in the last several quarters. Superior profit 
margins, which we have lagged slightly because of one-time expenses and the structural change 
in the product mix. It takes time to get back to the original structure. 
Now, I would like to share with you what we are doing in the organization building. That's the 
key when a company is graduating from a INR1,000 crores to a $1 billion company, whenever 
that may happen in the near future, the organizations have to be in place and the system and 
processes have to work. And our teams are working very, very seriously on this. 
Now I'm happy to share with you that we got IPC 610 Class 1, 2, 3 certification and we are the 
only second company in the country to have this certification. The certification of class 1, 2, 3 

 
 
Syrma SGS Technology Limited
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
sort of qualifies me for my international business to cater to consumer, industrial, automotive 
and aerospace. The only other company which got this certification in November of '22 was SFO 
Technologies. Besides that Siemens is the only company which has a Class 2 certification, which 
means they're not qualified as for the certification for aerospace automotive. 
Now, these processes and systems take a lot of time, a lot of cost, but they are enabling the 
organization to be future ready. As we have shared in our presentation, we have enlisted among 
the Top 200 Forbes growing companies. So all this is a demonstration of the effort of the team. 
I'm just a cog in the wheel. It's the team which delivers. So anything which has happened positive 
in the organization is full credit to the team and any negative or any aberrations which have 
happened, it is the leadership which has to take the sort of responsibility. 
I would only assure you that we are very, very focused on growth, profitability, social 
responsibility. For example, we have set ourselves a target of 50% sourcing of energy from green 
sources. And we are entering into long-term contracts to ensure that we should not only be 
positive in terms of carbon footprint generation, we will be reducing that, but it will also be 
saving on the energy cost. 
Next quarter when I meet you, I will have even better information and news and I am very 
confident of the long term growth of the company. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of DAM Capital 
Advisors Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
