 
 
 
 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
CORPORATE OFFICE :  
GARWARE HOUSE, 50-A, SWAMI NITYANAND MARG 
VILE PARLE (EAST), MUMBAI – 400 057. 
 
TEL: 0091-22-6698 8000 (15 LINES) / FAX : 0091-22-2824 8155 / 66 
WEBSITE: www.garwarehitechfilms.com 
 
CIN: L10889MH1957PLC010889 
 
REGD. OFFICE: NAIGAON, P.O. WALUJ,  
CHHATRAPATI SAMBHAJINAGAR – 431 133 (INDIA) 
 
 
November 11, 2023 
 
The Compliance Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Dept., 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,Mumbai 400001. 
Scrip Code: 500655 
 
 
The Manager, Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051. 
Trading Symbol: GRWRHITECH  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call - Quarter ended 
September 30, 2023, held on November 10, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
please find enclosed the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, held on 
November 10, 2023 at 1:30 p.m. IST. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: 
https://www.garwarehitechfilms.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
  
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
 
 
______________________________ 
Awaneesh Srivastava 
Company Secretary  
FCS 8513 
 
Encl. as stated above. 
AWANEESH 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by AWANEESH 
KUMAR SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2023.11.11 13:15:29 +05'30'

Page 1 of 27 
 
 
“Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited 
Q2 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. M.S. ADSUL -- DIRECTOR, TECHNICAL -- 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK JOSHI -- DIRECTOR, SALES AND 
MARKETING -- GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
MR. PRADEEP MEHTA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS LIMITED 
 
MR. HARI NAIR -- SENIOR PRESIDENT, CORPORATE 
AFFAIRS AND FINANCE -- GARWARE HI-TECH FILMS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VIKAS VERMA – E&Y  
 
 
 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 27 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited Q2 FY 
‘24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be no opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vikas Varma from E&Y. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Vikas Varma: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY ‘24 Earnings 
Call of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited. On behalf of the company, I would like to express our 
gratitude to each of you joining the call today. To discuss the performance of the company and 
to answer the questions we have with us from the company, Mr. M.S. Adsul, Director, Technical; 
Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director, Sales and Marketing; Mr. Pradeep Mehta, the Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Hari Nair, Senior President, Corporate Affairs & Finance. 
Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the fact that today's discussion may 
contain forward-looking statements that are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, which will be beyond management control. We kindly request that you bear in mind 
there may be uncertainties when interpreting such statements. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. We will now start the session with opening 
remarks from the management team. Afterwards, we will open the floor for an interactive Q&A 
session. 
I would now like to invite Mr. Deepak Joshi, Director of Sales and Marketing, to make his 
opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, thank you very much and ladies and gentlemen, good afternoon and thank you for joining 
us today to discuss Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited financial performance for the quarter and 
half year ended on September 30th, 2023. Let me start by highlighting the key financial figures. 
Our consolidated revenues for Q2 FY ‘24 remained steady at INR397 crores and our profit after 
tax, PAT, stood at INR46 crores, underlining our stability and resilience in a challenging market. 
The PPA business maintained its growth trajectory and Sun Control Film Business reported 
volume recovery. 
However, the IPD business experienced a decline in growth. The company's specialty film 
contributed around 90% of its revenues, positioning it for the superior growth compared to the 
polyester film industry, which is currently facing overcapacity challenges. Additionally, our 
EBITDA stood at INR74 crores, primarily driven by increased PPF and Sun Control Film 
volumes. However, EBITDA affected by margin pressure from IPD products and impacted by 
strategic investments in marketing and sales initiatives. 
Although marketing costs may continue in the short run to medium term, these investments are 
important for our growth strategy and are expected to fortify our market presence in the long 
run. In Q2 FY ‘24, the CPD segment saw a revenue growth of 53% in revenue compared to the 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 27 
 
corresponding quarter last year, while the IPD segment reported a decline of 32% in revenue 
during the same period. Approximately 78% of income is generated from exporting goods, with 
43% of that figure coming from North America, around 20% from Asia, excluding India. 22% 
of revenue is generated domestically and remaining 15% comes from other countries worldwide. 
Let me briefly explain our main product lines. Talking about Paint Protection Film, in Q2 FY 
‘24, the PPF revenue has increased by over two-fold compared to Q1 FY ‘24. The robust growth 
was mainly due to increased demand from distributors in the United States, in addition to our 
renewed focus on the domestic market. 
We have expanded our local distribution network and effective marketing strategies in the 
domestic market. For the quarter, the PPF plan operated at high, around 118% capacity 
utilization, as we effectively managed capacity constraints by utilizing the available fungible 
capacity from the new Sun control film lamination line. Additionally, the company successfully 
achieved its target of acquiring 500 OEM brand dealerships ahead of the planned schedule. 
It now aims to expand further by setting up a new goal of reaching 900 dealers within the next 
two years. Additionally, the company has made substantial progress securing partnerships with 
almost 100 PPF studios and channel partners, that is nearly half of its target. We have signed 
agreement and commence delivery with Mahindra Automobiles as the OE supplier for the PPF. 
Additionally, negotiations are going with three other major automotive OEMs. Now, I would 
like to talk about Solar control films. In Q2 FY ‘24, Sun control film business reported a recovery 
of 8% in revenue when compared to Q1 FY ‘24. The domestic Sun control film business had an 
encouraging start by capitalizing on the untapped Indian market, the relaunch of safety glazing 
window films, and implementing robust branding and marketing strategies. 
We expect domestic Sun control film business to contribute around 6% to 8% of total revenue 
in next 3-4 years. At the same time, our export business experienced an upturn driven by 
improved macroeconomic conditions and rising automotive sales, resulting in a recovery in Sun 
control film business volume over the last 2-3 quarters. 
Additionally, our strategic expansion into complementary architectural film segments has been 
evident through the successful commercialization of decorative films in USA and spectrally 
selective films in European market. We anticipate a substantial revenue stream from the 
decorative film segment over the medium term. Lastly, the company has acquired a patent for 
an innovative adhesive system for window films, highlighting a significant technological 
advancement. 
And some more points from architectural segment is that we are now taking our current 
architectural film portfolio aggressively to the domestic market. We are looking on three key 
aspects – building consumer awareness, direct partnership with large hotels and commercial 
office parks, IT companies, banks, and further network expansion by onboarding new 
distributors. The initial response across the three streams has been promising. 
Our digital campaign coupled with physical and on-ground marketing at the residential 
complexes has been well received. Our direct partnership approach has already given us few 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 27 
 
solid openings, which we hope will fructify over the next few quarters. All in all, we believe that 
this segment will become a strong growth engine for us in the next 3-4 years. 
 
Now, I would like to take your attention to industrial product business. The revenue share from 
our IPD business decreased to 34% in Q2 FY ‘24 from 54% in Q2 FY ‘23. Due to a strategic 
focus on expanding our CPD business and challenges in IPD business. 
For this quarter, capacity utilization of IPD was 78%, a decrease from 99% in the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year. A revival in this segment presents an opportunity to optimize the 
profitability and volume recovery. Within the IPD business, our specialty films, including low-
oligomer, release liners, and other intermediates demonstrated consistent growth. 
We have successfully obtained patents for our low-oligomer products, with more patents 
currently in the pipeline for IPD business. While the shrink film segment faced a decline to lower 
demand, however, commercial agreements with major US customers indicate growth 
opportunities and challenges persist in commodity-based IPD films due to oversupply in the 
polyester film industry, a trend we foresee reversing in the upcoming quarters, or we can see 
that there will be a good growth on shrink film business, especially from the North American 
market. 
Let me briefly talk about our finances. An achievement we are particularly proud of is the full 
repayment of our term loans, resulting in a gross debt balance of zero. Additionally, our cash 
reserves stood at INR350 crores, affirming our strong financial standing. 
We were able to achieve a solid ROCE of around 20.68% and a ROE of 15.42%, excluding the 
effect of revaluation reserves, indicating an optimum utilization of funds generated in the 
business. While our inventory turnover rate remained stable at 6.5%, our robust working capital 
management practices have improved our working cycle days to about four days in H1FY ‘24. 
In conclusion, Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited remains dedicated to fostering innovation, 
meeting market demands, and solidifying our market position in the global value-added film 
industry. We are confident in our growth trajectory and remain committed to delivering value to 
our stakeholders. We have already uploaded the presentation into the Exchanges, so hope it has 
been seen by most of you. 
With that, let us now proceed to the question and answer session you have on our running 
numbers. Thank you very much and the floor is now open to Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is on the line of Rahul Jain from Credence Wealth. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure. So first of all, sir, congratulations on again a very wonderful presentation. We do 
appreciate the every quarter our presentation has been having some kind of improvement with 
regards to much more details about the business and also more granular data points which are 
quite helpful. So thank you for that and hoping that the same will continue going ahead. 
And congratulations on achieving more than 100% utilization in PPS, which is one of the 
products which we just introduced about five quarters back and we have reached that kind of 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 27 
 
utilization. Coming to my question, sir, first of all, as per your press release and also the 
presentation, you have mentioned with regards to the incremental marketing initiative expenses 
which have been one of the reasons for the EBITDA margin not moving up. 
So typically, how has the marketing expenses, the initiatives moved up in last three, four 
quarters? What have been the amounts for last three, four quarters and what do we expect to go 
ahead? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. So, I mean, in the presentation, we have already shown like the kind of expenses we are 
doing into the marketing. So, I mean, I will just explain like what it is giving us and then Mr. 
Mehta or Hari Nair can explain like the numbers what we are doing. So, first of all, we have 
substantially increased as compared to what we used to do in the past and what it has got to us 
is like I explained on the architectural segment, which is like the next growth engine for us, 
where we were able to reach like many commercial office parks, large hotels, IT companies, 
banks and so on and so forth. 
And at the same time, many residential complexes where we have run the campaign which is 
focused on the areas which are like facing to the sun where architectural film is really required. 
So, such kind of granular, small, small marketing efforts, digital marketing efforts has been 
suggested by the agencies. 
And second thing in like dealership and network expansion in PPF has been great and the 
volumes we have like the numbers are not, you know, cannot be presented as compared to last 
year because they are even tenfold sometimes. Whereas if we talk of quarter to quarter growth 
in the domestic market also is quite strong and we expect in another six months’ time the 
domestic PPF volume will be almost double from the current level. So, there has been a very 
strong support from digital media and the external agencies to help us to grow the business. 
And in the idea of launching safety glazing film in India is also doing great and for that very 
aggressive marketing campaign has been done with the digital as well as on the ground kind of 
initiatives. So, these were and this is in Indian perspective and at the same time, I am just back 
from SEMA show and where we were visited by more than 200 dealers and customers from 
USA, South America, Europe and Middle East. 
So, we have done an out, I mean we have outreach to everywhere like what we are doing, our 
digital media and our on ground supports from the agencies has been so good that this kind of 
response is like very overwhelming for us and we have done dealer meets there where 125 
dealers from all around the world were present and we awarded them like for their appreciation 
of the work with us and then we launched many products like spectrally selective film, safety 
films, matte film which is in 75, 72 inches which is rarity into the world and many different 
products like front windshield, etcetera. 
And we oversee because of such good marketing initiative, we could see like many major 
manufacturers were inclined to work with us because after we published a big article on window 
film magazine and PPF magazine which is world's most read in this segment that we are the 
world's largest factory for manufacturing of Suncut or window films and PPF. So, all those 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 27 
 
initiatives were really, really great for us and I mean I hope I answered your question. If you 
have, I mean if you want to know on the numbers, Mr. Mehta can help you with that. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, I surely want to know the numbers sir because it is mentioned in a separate press series also 
with regards to the amount. So, to understand typically will this amount continue to stay at this 
level till what time and incremental what expenses further could be done. And also your 
presentation mentioned that probably this also includes some fee for a consultancy. So, what 
kind of consultancy fee we are supposed to pay? Is it one off or is it going to be there going 
ahead? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, since the start of this campaign which started in May, I mean we were doing lot of social 
media, digital media initiatives but with the consultants we started in the month of May and 
initially we have planned for a year program which is really going well. Like I said, so many 
initiatives we have done and the results has been come. So, in all together that was the strategy 
to do for at least one year and then we can take a call 3-4 months prior to that and the percentage 
numbers or the comparative numbers. Mr. Mehta you can help them – help me with that please. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Rahul, if you can look at slide number 34. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes sir, I have seen that slide sir. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
Yes, so if you look at the 0.8 is the total number which we have spent for this particular initiative, 
the India initiative which Deepak has just mentioned and the expenses is primarily on 
consultancy, most of the expenses is captured there. We have put it in P&L, we have expensed 
it out and if you see we have given a highlight of what has been done over a period of last, like 
incremental revenue which has come from this particular exercise. Now, we are at about INR47 
odd crores, India CPD business is INR47 odd crores which was 26 about a year back and may 
be a year prior to that it was much, much, much lower, very minuscule. 
Now, it is about 47 in half year and we expect this number to grow because of PPF and because 
of window film, sun control film and going forward hopefully the way Deepak has explained on 
the architectural segment. So… 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, I do understand the benefits of marketing and I do understand it is always important and 
imperative to do certain marketing expenses and incur brand promotion exercise. Just that this 
is an incremental number and also if I take this as a quarterly number then overall it looks to be 
on a higher percentage with regards to our profits which is why I am trying to understand the 
sustainability or what this number could look like going forward also? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, the initiative is not only for India though it is focused in India because there are lot of 
initiatives we are doing. There is Middle East and there is another agency which we are working 
for the other markets including USA. So, the number which we have shown is paid to the 
consultant or consulting agency but there are further initiatives in terms of which is always an 
expense on digital media and all which is on top of this. So, I mean I understood your question. 
So, the particular is INR7.8 crores what we have shown here. 
Rahul Jain: 
And this will remain on a quarterly basis going ahead? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 27 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
Then I explain you this is something till April 24 and after that we will take a call because we 
have still two quarters to go. So, we will decide like the incremental benefit versus the expense 
which we are incurring that the call will be taken in due course. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, that's helpful Deepak. So, with regards to the value of the VAT contribution we have done 
really well in terms of increasing our VAT contribution over the last 2-3 years and in fact in the 
last three quarters it has moved up from almost 80% to 90%. And the CPD which is SPF and 
PPF which are the higher margin products has moved up roughly from 47% to 66% up by almost 
an absolute amount of INR100 crores. 
But probably sir the margin improvement doesn't seem to be commensurate with the 
improvement on the value-added products. So, am I missing something or possibly if you could 
share what exactly were in spite of the higher contribution of the value-added products both SPF 
and PPF the margin improvement is somewhere probably below what it could have been? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, even in the last call we explained you like the benefits, more benefits or percentage going 
up it will take another year or year and a half because we are working on alternative components 
for PPF, right? So, that will definitely improve the margins. So, all whatever we are trying to do 
is a long term and why in this quarter we are seeing little not improvement despite CPD business 
first time going beyond 50% of the revenue is the, I mean on IPD side even we have done the 
specialty business but because of the market especially on North America market went really 
low in terms of demand. 
I think lot of geopolitical tension and everything led to a lower demand from the North American 
market which is the highest profitable business in terms of percentage for us in IPD business, 
right? So, that was really low. So, that's why this IPD component you are seeing an absolute 
number that it has gone down but the percentage also gone down because of its lower 
profitability because it was North American component was really low but I mean we are well 
on track to reverse this trend going forward. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sure, last question sir, on string films. So, string films has practically from June 22 quarter till 
March 23 quarter for a period of four quarters it remains somewhere around INR50 crores, 
INR55 crores. One quarter it slipped but then it was back to INR55 crores. Suppose that in last 
2 quarters it has come down from 55 to 45 and in the current quarter INR28 crores. Two parts 
to that. What has led to this sharp downfall on the string films and also you mentioned in your 
initial commentary as well as the presentation about some agreements with two major customers 
in US for string films. So, can you highlight what is the potential of this particular contract or 
this particular agreement with these two customers and when does it start commercial and what 
time it could take to ramp it up? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, so as I explained like North American market went really low on commodity but especially 
not on commodity I mean on the specialty business. So, we have seen a decline in Q2 for the 
volumes overall in domestic export and especially on the North American market. So, there were 
like we were serving I mean if you really see 2 years back we are hardly there in North American 
market. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 27 
 
Last year we did really well to get some customers there but two biggest customers in USA they 
have qualified art products and commercial agreements has already been done with them. So, 
these two will start kicking us from Q3 and probably in another quarter we can see a full value 
and we expect around I mean I can say overall North American market or US market on overall 
IPD profitability can be around 25% of IPD margins. I mean on margin wise they are really 
good. So, we can say like these numbers 20% to 25% addition can happen on IPD because of 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Agarwal from Equirus Wealth Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Sir, two quick questions with regards to the SCF and PPF segment. So, if you see the SCF 
segment can you provide us with the revenue mix within the segment like between architectural 
and safety related things? Also sir as you mentioned in the 
Deepak Joshi: 
Sorry, the question I mean it was voice was little dull, so I could not understand the question 
please. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Sir, now it is clear? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Sir, I just wanted to ask the revenue mix within the SCF segment. So, we have architectural and 
safety related things also it was mentioned in the presentation that architectural film is really 
going to take off from here. So, sir how do you look at this segment architectural space 
specifically? And so, I was observing that SCF segment although it is mentioned that it is 
increasing volumetrically however, if you see the Y-o-Y, the revenue has declined by 14%. So, 
what is the reason and how do you foresee this segment particularly going ahead? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, first question was clear. Second question is about architectural segment. First question is 
clear. Let me answer the first question. Like traditionally I explained in the previous calls as 
well. So, our technology and our I mean the business model for many years in the past has been 
to automotive segment of the window film. 
So, with addition of PPF that became very robust for us. Then there is lot of ups and downs 
especially in the US market or even in India market the car sales dropped last year and before 
that because of the chip shortage. And currently because of high interest rates in USA the sales 
though the economy is going up but still car sales is on a lower side because of high interest 
rates which was like almost 4% has increased over 2 years. 
So, that's why the car sales is little down. So, I mean then company thought around 1.5 years 
back to have a strong presence to increase its presence in architectural segment. So, that's why 
we started promoting that segment and that segment requires many new products that I explained 
you like we have launched a product called Spectrally Selective Films in European market and 
Decorative Films in US market and the rest of the markets and plus certain safety films which 
are required to strengthen this segment. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 27 
 
So, all these things like product quality, product identification they are mapping against like 
what market requires and to some extent to the competitors what they are offering. So, we have 
made a strong portfolio of these products over last 6 months and we are seeing lot of good doors 
opened for commercial as well as residential segment on architectural business. So, if you see 
percentage wise that was really low in domestic market but overall world business it was around 
15%-20% which we expect to strengthen and without affecting the growth which we are 
experiencing in the automotive segment. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, I am not able to hear properly. 
Moderator: 
We request that you return to the queue your audio is breaking up. We will move on to the next 
question that is on the line of Harsh Mulchandani from Kriis PMS. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations Deepak on good set of numbers considering 
the challenging environment. I had two, three questions. One is, can you share the experience of 
winning Mahindra as an OEM for us? How did the process go through and what was the 
discussion which led us to win this contest? And how long the duration is and the potential 
volumes which could come from this contest? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, see, typically we can't discuss what was the process and all those things but I can tell you 
typically it's a nine month to a year process where product qualification is done, that it is tested 
for different conditions environmental conditions and there are weathering has been done to 
check whether this product goes -- changes colors or it is not working well or kind of scratches 
and dust attraction. So many factors are there to validate the quality for an OE. So they were the 
first one with whom we started and we got qualification. So it was typically a nine month to a 
year period. 
And similarly, immediately after that eight months, nine months back, we started another 
initiative. So out of that three are almost in the closing stages after the testing and everything 
has been done and commercials are also almost finalized. So we expect more to join this group 
in another quarter or so. Right, so that’s what. And we are working almost to all big OEs in 
India, car manufacturers in India and we hope to lock with most of them. I mean this is my wish. 
But surely, we will jump into many of them going forward that’s the thing. 
And in terms of volumes, like again, this volume will be like quite good incremental business 
for us, I cannot exactly give the number. Though, we have some forecast but definitely I assure 
you that this will be a good addition to the volumes in domestic market, which I said, in another 
six months period, by end of this financial year, we are expecting to double the volume of PPS 
in the domestic market. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it. Perfect. And the second question I had was around the IPV business. So do we expect the 
volumes and the demand to recover anytime soon or it would take some longer considering the 
entire macro scenario as per your estimate? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, I can assure you one thing that our Garware Hi-Tech is never a player which focuses on 
increasing the volume. So you can always see the less of revenues coming from that segment 
especially commodity because we decline the orders which are not profitable to us, right. So 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 27 
 
now, I can tell you that the first two quarters last year versus we are comparing this first two 
quarters I mean the first half. 
So that has been, there was a good demand and good market for IPV last year versus this quarter 
3 last year started the decline on the margins and volumes for IPV business. So going from here, 
I think it's already bottomed out. And we have been able to -- so our problem was little different 
as compared to the other competitors into the market, peers into the market that North American 
market especially on shrink as I explained went to some turbulence because of geopolitical 
tensions. So -- and we are expecting them to back and the good initiative that we have now have 
arrangements with two biggest American customers and that is the additional one from what we 
have. 
So we expect the margins to come back to a reasonable level. Though, the volumes may not 
come to fully into this segment, they can come back. I mean we don't know because right now, 
I can understand from the peers that they are there are some stress -- big stress sales and all those 
things were there for last one year now that I started, I mean that started Q3 last year. So this 
year it completed a year where people, I mean the product started losing money. So there may 
be some kind of closers or something who are new players or a very low volume kind of players, 
right. So the specialty business we definitely do good so it is already bottomed out. So I can 
expect only better from here, stable or better from here. So in terms of Y-o-Y, and definitely, we 
are going to do better than what we did previous years. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Got it. Perfect. And I'll just fit in last question on capex. Have you made any announcement or 
any further progress in the plan versus the previous call? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No. We have not yet made any new announcement because we were using some capacities for 
PPF like we achieved 118%. And we expect further growth by using the fungible capacities to 
grow further to that, right. And we are working on things and any such decision will be made 
public. I mean we cannot directly comment as of now on that. 
Harsh Mulchandani: 
Okay. Fine, perfect. Thank you so much, best of luck. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi sir, thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, you mentioned that we have spent around 
INR6 crores for BCG, so isn't it this number is high for a company like us? And how long this 
will continue? 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt Mr. Bendre. Sir, can you speak a bit louder, sounding very sorry slow. 
Deepak Joshi: 
But fortunately, I could hear, so I can answer. So yes. Thank you Mahesh. See, the decision I 
don't think is like high or low depending on the companies like it is I believe the decision is how 
much gain can we do and how the companies brand recall goes into the market for years to come, 
right. So our decision is to not only the branding, it includes branding, network expansion 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 27 
 
distributor addition, dealer addition new OEs and taking our presence to every corners of the 
country. 
Like we are doing this initiative with wherever, how much car is sold in a small, small regions, 
like even we consider Raipur, we consider like any small city in the country. So based on what 
we have mapped out the agency has helped us to map out even the smallest of detailing centers, 
who are capable of doing digitalizing or PPF which they are not doing such kind of identification 
has also happened because of that. 
So this agency is helping us to increase our footprint to all over India and plus some countries 
outside India. And that is not limited to digital and I mean this is like a big network making for 
the company for years to come which will leave its impact. So it's definitely a very good initiative 
and it's giving us its returns. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir how long this will continue? The cost is one-time or it will keep recurring? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So I think, we have -- I answered the question that we made a program for first one year. And 
looking into its growth, we are quite happy with that and once we see that it is now the growth 
pattern has stabilized and the network channels has been opened and our brand recall has been 
quite permanent and we will take a call on that. As of now it's a one year program. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure, sir. And sir, so many I mean expansion plans have taken place across the product lines? 
Any new customers we are talking about? So are we still holding our guidance of achieving 
INR2,500 crores of revenue in FY 24? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, sure. We are doing that because we are like our new lamination line yet to go full. Plus, we 
are also I mean as I said, in due course, we will announce whatever it takes for us. But yes, 
definitely, the guidance is right and we are on our path to reach there. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Thank you so much sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sudhir Bheda from Bheda family office. Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Yes, good afternoon sir. And season's greeting happy Dhanteras to you sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you very much. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Just two days back I have become your customer and I am very happy with your service for PPF. 
Deepak Joshi:  
Okay. That's really good to know, sir. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Sir, my questions are like as we are discussing with other participants that there are lot of 
tailwind in terms of PPF and also with the agreement of with the two customers that also will 
give flip to the IPD business. And [Window Films 0:40:36] also now back on the track doing 
well in India as well. So is it right understanding that H2 would be much better than H1 in this 
fiscal? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 27 
 
Deepak Joshi: 
I think that would be a very forward-looking statement to answer that question. But as I said, I 
can only tell the initiatives what we are doing and the results are really good of that, right. And 
especially on IPD side, so I mean I would say, like we are on course to achieve as per in line 
with what we plan, right. So as I explained you just now about SEMA show like, which is the 
biggest show in the world. And where we could reach out the customers which were like, I mean 
we have been able to get back to many of them whom we were planning to do in the past. So 
200-plus like dealers and customers this is a big thing and we are working with them. And then, 
many new products has been launched then architectural segment has been something which we 
are really working hard and further there is further upside on PPF. With all those things, we are 
quite confident to make a good show for us. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Sure sir. And sir, for the next fiscal, the growth driver would be PPF and the growth will be led 
by PPF or how we should look at the ‘24- ‘25 years? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So on going forward, there is one aspect as I said biggest growth driver is going to be 
architectural segment, which we will use for our new lamination line, which is yet to be fully 
filled up. Because that was commissioned in December ’22, so it's almost eight months, nine 
months since that is there. And we are using the capacity as a fungible one for the PPF but there 
is lot to do on that particular thing. So we have yet to go, like fully utilize that. So there is lot of 
potential of growth. So the growth driver is going to be architectural segment, then PPF there is 
further upside possible with the fungible capacity maybe around 30%, 40% more to that. And 
then, the company will take I mean, if the growth trajectory continues like this then we have 
further plans to continue with that. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Sure, sir. And lastly, what I heard was INR2,600 crores of turnover for FY ’26, right?  
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, INR2,500 crores has been I mean that has been the plan and the guidance which we will 
achieve that. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Fair enough, sir. Thank you sir, thank you for the opportunity and all the best. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhwanil Desai from Total Capital please go 
ahead. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Hi, good afternoon team. So Mr. Deepka, first question is I think in your presentation, you have 
mentioned that the new sun control capacity of 1,800 lakhs will get utilized by FY ‘25 and 
basically INR500 crores of additional revenue can be generated. So I understand some utilization 
would be happening currently. So what is that number? And going forward to get to that number, 
are you relying more in terms of this tangible capacity getting utilized by PPF that is what you 
are factoring in? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, on new lamination line for window films I can say that is being utilized around 15%, 20%. 
Because it does not be directly be incremental because these lines are quite efficient lines. So 
wherever we find high margin and good the product which is giving good margins, we produce 
there. And rest of that is being used for fungible capacities. But company is also fungible 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 27 
 
capacity for PPF. So there is lot to go on that we can even debottleneck some of other capacities 
which we are using currently for this some other lines. 
 
So we will ensure, I mean this is currently now usually the winter season is the low season for 
window films, right. And quarter 1, which starts – sorry, quarter 4 which is the one which gives 
like American market they start planning and European market they start planning for the 
summer. So that is the -- that is where the real test of the capacity will happen. But we are quite 
confident and currently we are working on the plans for with our customers, like how do we 
want to take this capacity further.  
 
And plus, at the same time working with our distributors and channel partners for the new 
products which we have recently launched. So with all those things on Q4 there will be like the 
utilization will be good but how much we will come to know. And all the capacities remaining 
for that we will use as a fungible capacity for PPF. If this line is fully filled up with architectural 
and other window film products, automotive products, so we have other plans which we are 
currently working out to use some other lines as a fungible line as a backup to PPF line. So these 
are all integrated but definitely, this all is going to so any other volume coming from the market 
will be catered by us for at least till we reach INR2,000 crores to INR2,500 crores. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Right. Because the only question is that you are seeing strong demand in so many areas, domestic 
also we intend to grow very fast. So will we not end up in a situation whereby will fall short of 
capacity, if everything materializes? So that's the broad question. 
Deepak Joshi: 
No. We have that in mind as I mean the Garware management also takes care of that. So we 
have everything on our radars on our plans, so it will not be I mean we can assure you that. No 
business will be turned back because of no capacity available. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Got it. And second question sir, in the US one of the larger PPF player -- one of the largest PPF 
player, he is kind of what we are understanding is that he is reorienting supply chain and one of 
the major supplier that agreement got renegotiated and it's diversifying. So are we likely to be a 
major beneficiary of that how those volumes are ramping-up and will ramp-up? Any colour on 
that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. I mean there are many such opportunities. I won't go into any particular of that but I mean 
we are quite strong in that market. And we have not only that we have further opportunities 
available, like which you may not have heard that there are some plants in Israel which got 
closed down and we eyed on the supplier. 
 
I mean the customers of them and plus there are certain more customers who are not happy with 
their current supply lines. So we have many more in pipeline, many manufacturers they would 
like us to serve them. So these negotiations are on. So we are aware of each and every details 
into that market. You are right, and that is a big buzz about this particular thing in market and 
we are like we are cognizant of the facts and we are taking according action. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
And last question sir, I think this what are our CPD division has done extremely well and for 
whatever reasons IPD challenges and everything the margin impact is not visible. But 
directionally, when things normalizes is it safe to assume that if our CPD division grows faster 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 27 
 
and increases its share in overall revenue mix? The margin profile will increase, is that a right 
hypothesis to work with? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. See, there are -- as I said, on certain components which we are working on alternatives 
because the primary -- the company focus is always quality products to the market. And so the 
quality of PPF has been quite well established and stabilized. So now, as I explained many more 
manufacturers, they are in line to work with us. So at the same time, we as a continuous 
development program more alternative components are being discussed and under development 
for PPF. So going forward in one year, 1.5 years there will be a better realization owing to these 
new developments. 
And on IPD side, definitely the business whatever will grow will grow on a very speciality, like 
shrink kind of business, like new initiatives on North America and all those business. So with 
this I mean, we can expect your answer I think last quarter also we understood we answered the 
same question about the margin improvements. So this is the plan basically to improve the 
margins. 
Dhwanil Desai: 
Okay. Thank you. All the best. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shrinjana from RatnaTraya Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Shrinjana: 
Yes, hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So I have two questions. One just a follow-up on the 
earlier discussion. So regarding the capacity utilization in the second line of Sun films, right? 
Mostly the fungiblity between the Sun films and the same production film, is that correct? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I mean the line was little unclear. I mean the new lamination line is basically, primarily designed 
for window films, sun control films which are both automotive and architectural. And we use 
that line as well for component or component planning for PPF as a fungible capacity. So 
whatever available, we are using that to produce some components of PPF. 
Shrinjana: 
Correct. And we are not planning to do any additional capex on the PPF line unless we use this 
line first, is that correct? Because we are currently at full capacity still… 
Deepak Joshi: 
This assumption, as I said, we are working, like how much capacity is available for coming time 
because capex typically takes nine months to one year to fully utilize. Since the time, we do that 
I mean we start working on that. So in that line, there are certain debottlenecking for making 
some components rather than not from the new line but from some existing lines which are not 
being used. I mean we are doing capex and some improvements in those lines to use them for 
further expansion on PPF line. 
In case of any new line, which is a brand new big capex that will be announced to the market. I 
cannot comment on that right now but again, the capacity and the way the PPF business is 
increasing and in the season to come for sun control there will be a lot of demand which will be 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 27 
 
catered. We have the capacities available or we are debottlenecking to meet those demands in 
going into the next quarter. 
Shrinjana: 
Understood. Thank you. Just one more question is on the patents. These patents which you had 
mentioned in the presentation, are these registered in US or in India? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Mr. Adsul, would you like to reply on that? Our Technical Director Mr. Adsul can reply on that. 
Okay. He is in US, may not be in the call. These are for India market as a start because these are 
product patents, they are for special manufacturing in India market. 
Shrinjana: 
Okay. Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Deepak Joshi: 
They can be expanded to the market so that also work is being done. 
Shrinjana: 
Right, okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Karthi from Suyash Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Karthi: 
Sir good afternoon and compliments on a very impressive performance under challenging 
circumstances. I am just going back to the point about profitability in a slightly different way, 
which is last year when IPD was a much larger percentage of your revenues, your gross margins 
were higher. Whereas this year with much higher contribution from PPD and some improvement 
in SCF, your gross margins are still lower. Clearly PPD is what pulls down your gross margins? 
Say, 18 months down the line when let's say, you have integrated backwards, so if you have to 
give us a perspective on gross margins across three broad categories, which is SCF, PPF and 
shrink film, could you give us a range? And how this should evolve over a period of time? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, if we talk on per unit margins that on unitary basis it's PPF, sun control and then IPD which 
is on kilograms, whereas these two are on square feet. But if we talk of percentage one, there are 
a big basket of sun control films. It always depends on the product basket. When the demand 
seasonal goes up for example, I am talking of Q4 that time the high end products like IR range 
goes very high because of the summer season and all. So that season like window film margins 
and the mix becomes very strong for us, right. 
But going forward, there is a lot of possibility like where IPD is the backbone of CPD and lot of 
new products are being developed for CPD division. So there the margins for CPD as well as 
IPD may improve. But that is again, as I have given a guideline for minimum one year, 1.5 years 
because it also depends these are the plans and they should be -- there is a process on this 
business where stabilization happens like you take trials, then you take internal trials, lab trials 
internal trials and market trials so the process is quite long. It is typically six months to a year 
like I explained for validation of OEs also. 
So that's why this process sometime looks slow but they are very steady and they give us a long 
term return. Like once something is stabilized then it goes on for many years, right. So expect 
some of these things may be from one year or 1.5 year down the line, where from the components 
we can, the margins may improve. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 27 
 
Karthi: 
I was asking you more from a FY ‘26 point of view, sir? 
Deepak Joshi: 
FY '26, okay. With that perspective, I think I mean if you compare our past performance again 
it's a mix of many products where the margins are really good in where high technology is 
involved like IR products, whereas on PPF, it typically depends kind of the development of the 
components. Per unit basis, it's doing to be good on PPF and then window films and in that 
architectural segment seems to be quite good because lot of I mean high end products are there 
and of course then it comes the shrink film on IPD. 
Karthi: 
Great. Sir one quick question, there is some confusion therefore I am asking this. Earlier when 
you referred to the guidance of INR2,500 crores we are talking about FY ’25, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. 
Karthi: 
Okay, great. Thanks very much and very good wishes, sir. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Gautam from GS Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Vivek Gautam: 
Yes. Sir, my question is in spite of PPT running full utilization, why haven't the margins 
expanded Sir? Are we lacking the presence power or the competition intensity is too much? 
That's the first one. 
And second is about the expected growth rate over next three years to five years, any capex 
plan? And lastly, there are price earnings always earnings retained  at a low side, legacy concerns 
on RPTs and land sale profit will not be being received by the minority shareholder that's the 
doubt we are having the public is having perception issue you can say, so if you would like to 
address that also? Thank you. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, so one-by-one, first of all like capacities are not utilized full like we said, if you see IPD 
from 99% to it has gone down to 78% because we do not take many orders which do not make 
profit for us. That is specially on the commodity segment. If you see the peers on polyester 
industry, their margins compared to last year, they are not even 50%. I have seen most of the 
numbers from the industry. We avoid the commodity as much as possible. That is the concern 
but we expect we are working towards more of special products like low oligomers specially on 
shrink that's what the guidance we have given and some new developments from the customers 
from America so that will definitely improve that is number one. 
Second thing is PPF, definitely it has gone beyond 100% and we have further scope that we will 
continue to grow, so that's number two. And number three on sun control as compared to last 
year, the volumes were lower though not significant but still they were lower because last year, 
there was a big demand after COVID for the first half in FY ‘23 as compared to FY ‘24, where 
the interest rates are higher and car sales are affected because of that. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 27 
 
And plus, as I have just come from USA with the long meetings with around 200 customers. We 
understand that demand has gone back to the market, that's why there are some concern on high 
interest rate in USA because of geopolitical tensions and all. But things look much better and 
brighter in that. 
So these things on sun control, I gave you three perspective like, first is IPD, second is on PPF, 
which has been outshining and third is on window film, where we are doing reasonably well but 
there are more opportunities there especially architectural coming into the picture, So that's why 
you are seeing there is on margins because IPD margins like as compared to last year, they have 
gone down really low. 
Even on the specialty segment, there has been low demand, though margins were not affected 
but demand in North America because of these geopolitical tensions has been low, which is 
showing signs of recovery. So that's what on the plant performance and on second part, Hari 
would you like to address on the second part. 
Hari Nair: 
See on the related party transactions, we had explained earlier also, as the transactions are -- of 
course the volume of transactions is high but all are as per market standards and on an arm length 
basis and it's approved by the audit committee, etcetera. But without going into it, we would see 
-- the point is there is a value-add which is coming from the business, where we are taking the 
process -- getting our films processed from the entity GIPL entity. So till that benefit is there, 
it's advisable to continue with that kind of processing and… 
Deepak Joshi: 
Anyways on thanks for your answer Hari and then his question was, I think land bank utilization 
and all. So in that, we can say that, there are lot of opportunities available for us and we are, as 
I said there are many manufacturers who are inclined to work with us. So with that, we may look 
for further expansion or something which is not yet decided but company will consider all it's 
options available before moving ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Ankit Gupta from Bambo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you for the opportunity and good to see the significant ramp up on the PPF side. So the 
first question is on the PPF side, like this quarter, we have crossed INR100 crores of quarterly 
revenues and almost reaching INR120 crores per quarter. So, what exactly is driving this growth, 
is it our white labelling partnership that we have done with the players in the US market. So, 
what exactly is driving that and given the base, we have of, let's say INR120 crores kind of PPF 
run rate in this quarter. Do you think, this has now become the base and will grow from here or 
is this one off quarter phenomena and PPF sales might come down in the coming two quarters? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Not really I mean it has been consistent effort from our side and consistent business because if 
you really see, it has started last year, the percentage of PPF. If you have seen on the slides were 
only 2%- 3% on the revenue, whereas in Q4 FY ‘23, it has started coming to slight better 
numbers which were roughly, I think close to 10%. Then if you see in quarter 1 was around 
16%, Q2 it had gone to 30%. So you can see a substantial but I won't say stable. It's a substantial 
growth, which has been there and coming whatever we have, what we foresee, these kind of 
trends should continue. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 27 
 
Ankit Gupta: 
So like, what exactly is driving this… 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes okay, so what is driving is, there are three- four factors. One is, we have continuously grown 
on the domestic market. Like if you really see the numbers, which were non-existing last year, 
this year we have gone to substantial numbers and of course, we have another six months by end 
of this financial year, we have further plans to double that in the domestic market, so that is 
doing good for us. 
Then in the market, which are other and USA market where we have some manufacturers, we 
have tied up with them. So some of the volume additional coming from there and lastly, we call 
the third thing is rest of the world. Like our sales are like that, domestic, USA and the ROW, 
which is rest of the world. There we have got a very, very good volumes from countries like 
Russia Middle East and all, where this is like Middle East this is a PPF crazy market like USA, 
so there the real value comes. 
So it's a combination of all geographies and efforts in all geographies. So that kind of -- it's from 
everywhere, I can see. Even the countries like which I have never heard, I can't name them but 
they are the countries we have not heard in the normal business, there also we have got orders 
for 500 roll plus single orders kind of numbers we have seen. So the growth has been really 
phenomenal. Even each and smaller part of the world. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And you expect the growth momentum to continue going forward also? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I expect with all the efforts and everything, it will continue, yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And on the sun control films, especially on the architecture film, as you had discussed in earlier 
call that this is contributing to roughly around 15% of our overall sun control film sales. So 
roughly around INR100 crores- INR110 crores, kind of revenue which are coming from this and 
we have launched lot of new products in this segment now. And we expect that growth in this 
in SPF will and architecture films will be a large contributor to our growth SPF.  
So this INR100 crores number, how do you think this number will be growing over the next two 
years- three years. Like, when you say sun control films, the new line will get fully utilized by, 
let's say FY '25 when? So this will be largely driven by the architecture films and how has been 
the uptake or how has been the acceptance of our products in the market since we launched this 
product in exports market now? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, as I said the range company thought three years or rather two years back, when we saw there 
may be a kind of saturation on the auto industry because that time it happened because of the 
chip shortage and then it happened because of interest rate higher but architectural segment, 
which is a unique segment, where people live with or without such kind of architectural films. 
Where this adds to lot of aesthetics, if you give the real perception and I would say awareness 
of this product is really low into the market. Right even in the place like -- I am just giving 
example to the forum, like the way we think on that. Like we are at Aurangabad, there also some 
high rise building I can see. The sun hits directly there. So people really feel these curtains and 
all those things are not enough because that completely blackens out the space. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 27 
 
So the knowledge awareness which we and our partner, agencies have created into the market 
especially on residential and commercial as well. So these kind of things have been really well 
taken because if I know personally many people to 15- 20 people even with after my talking, 
people have understood the value of high quality sun control films, which reject up to 99% of 
harmful UV rays at the same time, it reject 30%- 40% of heat, which is coming there and at the 
same time giving you a perfect panoramic view without putting curtains and all those things.  
So this is something which is a very high value product and for that, we have created campaigns 
on digital media which are related to localize approaches where people see sun is coming, sun 
facing kind of buildings and then we have done lot of door-to-door and big society campaigns, 
where our team is there, outsource team along with our partners going there and having their 
small camps in societies and making people aware of that. This is a long process but we are 
getting really, really good returns. 
And lastly, we have done many big hotel chains and IT companies, where their spaces are quite 
big. We have been there and our team, our outsource team has explained all those benefits and 
we are getting really, really good response of them. In Indian market and similarly, in the market 
like USA, where we are now quite aggressive with our distributors and dealers. 
We are presenting new products. They like, these people always look for new products, where 
we have made this unique and very high end products, which are accepted well. So the approach 
is very different on each market and then you go to European market, it's a completely different 
market, where people do not allow people to enter their house to put the film. 
So their exterior films is a big phenomena, which is a very high end product because it comes 
directly into the contact of sunlight. So there also, we have launched a product which is for the 
exterior application. So all three different geographies, which are major, we have a different 
approach but we got a very good response of this. So that's why we are quite aggressive, that 
this number should be anywhere 2x or even 3x in next two years to three years. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And one clarification on your guidance of INR2,500 crores, this is for FY '26 and not next 
year, right? 
Deepak Joshi: 
This is actually, I'll have to see. Mr. Mehta can you just see the guidelines, it was for FY '26, 
right? INR2500 crores. 
Pradeep Mehta: 
There is a confusion because multiple people asked about this. Basically two years to three years, 
we will achieve this target. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Deepak Joshi: 
We might achieve even earlier and all those things but yes, there is a guidance of achieving in 
two years to three years, which we will do. INR2,500 crores, yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And broadly, if you can indicate, let's say two years to three years, whenever we achieve 
INR2,500 crores. Broad breakup of which segments will be contributing, how much as per your 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 27 
 
estimate. Let's say, PPF will contribute, how much will SPF contribute. How much will, let's say 
IPD or let's say largely value added product, IPD will contribute in this? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, I think roughly to that, we can reach around 35% to 40% on total would be like PPF and 
similar number, maybe 40% to 45% because architectural will be added to that, so that will be 
on window film side and sun control side. And balance will be IPD because IPD will also 
because it has now almost a year, where we have started rebounding our sales especially on the 
shrink fields and low oligomers. So there also, there will be some growth possible but broadly 
these would be the numbers. So 40%, 35%, 25% these kind of things, I expect. This is a broad 
number. Things might change depending on the situation but this is what we feel like. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure. And this last question on current year performance. We like first quarter had -- first two 
quarters or the first half has largely been flat primarily driven by SPF challenges on the SPF and 
as well and more films on the IPD film. So, given the kind of visibility you have for the second 
half, can we expect 10%- 15% growth for the overall revenue in the full year or that looks a bit 
challenging in FY ‘24? 
Deepak Joshi: 
I expect to be better than what it was last year. The simple reason is, this is the quarter where 
IPD went really low, so we have now in first half, whatever we were losing or going down on 
IPD was made up by consistent growth of PPF. Now, if PPF growth as I said will continue stable 
to continue further, right? And I mean, if you see comparison with IPD, definitely it is going to 
be stable or going to be better and on Q4, when the season comes for Sun Control, so in all, I 
expect good going forward. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. 
Deepak Joshi: 
The real reason which I am trying to explain is, the IPD last year when the decline started, so we 
are already there. So nothing more compensate for that, it can all be the additional. 
Ankit Gupta: 
That will now become at least the base given, how the market is. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Thank you. Wish you all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Aman Vij from Astute Investment Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Aman Vij: 
My first question is on the Sun Control Film side. so the new line, which is 1800 LSF, at full 
utilization, what kind of mix do you expect from this line between architectural film, the normal 
Sun Control Film and may be some PPF components? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See ideally, what we would likely said, we have some plan. Again these are very granular plans, 
inside the factory where we would -- we have now done some of the other facilities to use as a 
fungible for PPF. So that going forward, when the high season comes, the new line would be 
more or less available for architectural and normal window film, high end products side. So, our 
aim because till that time, it was quite fast. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 27 
 
We were rushing and we were able to get such outstanding order book for PPF, right? So that's 
why, we use that but in the meantime we have taken our time and stabilized another fungible 
line to support the PPF line. So there, we are good. We will try to produce more of PPF from 
somewhere else. So having said that, the growth of architectural will be like I said, we are 
expecting in two years to three years, double or triple the volume. So that volume will come 
from new lamination line. And finally with the season most of the product high end products 
will be made on a new sun control line. 
Aman Vij: 
So, sir, the mix between for 1800 SPF line will be like 60%? 
Deepak Joshi: 
No, we will try to go somewhere around roughly as I said 20% to 30% on architectural but that 
is two years down the line and around 50% to 60% on the automotive segment and balance, if 
required only 10% to 20% on PPF because we are making some other arrangements, where we 
do not lose any capacity, when the demand peaks up, right? So that's why we have internally 
made arrangements to debottleneck for the usage of PPF. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir, this helps. My second question is on the margin side. So, I understand that, each 
segment, for example, Sun Control Film have various types of films and even in quarter -- some 
quarter like Q4 may there will be mix of high end Sun Control Film, so the margins might be 
higher. 
So not talking about quarterly basis but on yearly basis, as of this year, if you have to give the 
order in terms of margin among the four products categories, which is Sun Control Film, the 
architectural film, the PPF and Shrink film, where it is today, as of now. And with the -- we have 
talked about PPF, we will be doing some backward integration more component in-house, so 
after doing that, where will the order -- what will the order look like? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, see the top one again would be like high end, higher products or safety gazing kits on 
number one. And then, it would be PPF, then second category of window films and then Shrink 
film. That is now and it will remain similar even after we change this thing because there are 
certain in-house patented technology on Sun Control, so the top end products will still remain 
top end but very close to PPF. 
Aman Vij: 
You are saying, PPF will reduce the gap between itself and the top end for Sun Control Film, 
this is what you are saying? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See it is again as I said window film or architecture because I didn't mention architecture here 
because architectural products are like very high-end products and there, I mean the technology 
and all those things is quite high but still as I said in the current scenario and the future the top 
end products which are high end products of sun control they are number one then PPF then 
other products which are like not high value edited of window film and then shrink film. Now 
shrink film for again there are category like if you really see the Indian margins and rest of the 
world and USA. There USA margins are quite good. 
Again, they might come above the sun control lower end products. So it's like a big combination. 
But you can understand even on the shrink film there are very high contributing regions whereas 
in window film it's mainly on the product whereas in shrink market is mainly on the geography. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 27 
 
But again, this up and down can happen but broad guidance I have given it to you. Because there 
are, even sun control there are maybe 50 plus SKUs depending on the different profitability. 
Aman Vij: 
Yes, but on an average, it will always be better than the PPF margins. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes definitely. Again, if you talk of entire basket because, it is a new business for us sun control 
sorry PPF. And sun control we have lot of things like we are only few customers few 
manufacturers in the world who supply very high end products which are deep tied and all. So 
N plus IR is a very unique phenomena which we do. And the process which we do is again very 
high end and the quality is 25 years in making. 
Whereas in PPF it's more of a business where we have achieved all those things in three four 
years, maybe in a very long term phenomena that PPF might even go up like on mat PPF. 
Definitely the margins are going to be much higher than this one. So there are possibility 
everywhere and, we keep an eye like where we can increase the margins and all. But this is 
guidelines is what I told you. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure, sir that helps. My next question is on the domestic PPF business. 
Moderator: 
In order to the management be able to address all the questions I will request you to please rejoin 
the queue. Thank you. 
Aman Vij: 
Sure 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Chawla from Subhkam Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Sachet Jain: 
Hi this is Sachet here. So couple of questions from my side. So in your Q4 FY'22 call you had 
mentioned that, you had given a revenue guidance of about INR1800 to INR900 crores. Just you 
know I understand that there has been some stress at the IPD division. So what kind of revenue 
run rate would you have for the next couple of quarters? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. I think going up because of ups and downs in that particular segment on IPD and some of 
the business as I said we do not entertain because of the margin pressure. So I still feel I mean, 
there may be 10% here and there. But we hope that we will be able to grow on BPS business 
and with Q4 being like the full-fledged demand season for us. So we will be able to maintain 
that. 
Sachet Jain: 
Okay, perfect. And my second question was actually to understand your IPD unit if that can be 
utilized for production of PPS? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See again, there are many components. But yes, some of them are being utilized. 
Sachet Jain: 
Because what I actually wanted to understand since you were running, on full capacity for the 
PPS and you were also kind of using the FPF capacity as well for the production. I mean, like 
would you be going for capex of INR8200 crores for the line of additional PPS or would you 
wait for it? 
Deepak Joshi: 
You mean IPD capacity to be used for PPS? 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 27 
 
Sachet Jain: 
Correct because you are running in 100% 
Deepak Joshi: 
See we use some of the products already for PPS, and of course for sun control. But what we 
have done is a strategic move, I cannot go into very detail but just for the information of the 
forum. What we do is we have now focused on many products, which actually directly made 
from IPD and some value addition on CPD. And these are part of some new product 
developments for us. 
And some of one of the product actually we started getting good orders also, means, the products 
which are like very high end products from CPD, but mostly it is made on IPD, like, some 
products are there we identified. So we make the base in IPD and then transfer it to consumer 
product division, and then we do some value addition there and then it goes from there too, to 
continue if you really see the nightmare what is happening in the polyester industry is so that is 
a well thought of plan where we have converted into this kind of business. And PPF it will take 
as I said one 1.5 years there will be many components or almost everything whatever is required 
from polyester will go from here. 
Sachet Jain: 
Okay. And your capex for FY'24 and '25. If you could just help me out with that number? 
Deepak Joshi: 
24, 25. 
Sachet Jain: 
Yes. 
Deepak Joshi: 
See again this is a development process. I cannot guarantee or something that it will happen or 
not happen. But yes, the aim is that, we will achieve that by that time. 
Sachet Jain: 
Okay that's it from my side. Thank you. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Agarwal from Equirus Wealth Pvt Ltd. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Good afternoon, sir. Yes sir. So my question to you is with respect to the PPF business. So like 
as you mentioned that SPF domestic sales conversion to the total sales would be around 6% to 
8%. So, I want to understand what would be the PPF scenario for the domestic market? In terms 
of percentage if you can specify? 
And also, sir I want to understand, as you mentioned the last con call that at peak utilization PPF 
revenue contribution would be in the range of INR450 crores. So sir are this, is my understanding 
correct about this revenue contribution about PPF? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes, with the current rate we are growing because as I explained that this Q, I mean there has 
been Q4 '23 where the real PPF started coming into the picture and which has around 10% of 
total revenues. Whereas in Q1 we did around 16% and then in Q2 this year we did around 30%. 
So if we annualize with this, we will I think easily cross that thing. We can even go to, I mean 
with this rate we can even cross 400. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 27 
 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Right and sir what about the domestic market like what kind of mix we are looking forward. 
Like in terms of total sales as you mentioned that we will be going forward in the next two to 
three years, as you said that PPF will be contributing at around 35% to 40% to the total sales. 
But what would be the domestic scenario? I want to understand that? 
Deepak Joshi: 
So on domestic if I see with this it's like domestic would be it's like 20% of the PPF. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Right, answer one last question. 
Deepak Joshi: 
PPF just recap that the penetration in India is only 0.4%, 0.5% so we have an aim to take it to I 
mean at least 2%, 3% whereas the China rate is around 10% and US is around similar into 10% 
range. So looking into this market and looking we were almost 0.1% two years back. So we have 
which is now around 0.4% to 0.5%. We can at least take it to three to four times. So in immediate 
six month time of we can do it to at least a percentage 0.8% to 1%. So that growth itself is will 
double our number and we will reach around 20% of the capacity on domestic market. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Right, answer one last question, quick question with regards to the margin. So how does the PPF 
margin differ across the sales channels, as we are expanding into like we have tie up with 
Mahindra, right, into the OEM segment, and also, we have been aggressive in opening the 
Garhwali Application Studios. So how does the margin differ in this across this sales channels? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See it's a very I think standard marketing practice that wherever we go through Garhwali 
Application Studio definitely their margins will be higher because lot of efforts are required our 
marketing campaigns, digital marketing campaigns all are aligned towards to get that kind of 
growth right. 
So when we go to big OE's, definitely there will be like a volume commitment from there so 
there will be some advantages to them. But again it is well all those things is being averaged out 
and giving good returns to us. 
 
I mean, exact nitty gritty on numbers we can't discuss but definitely. And as I said, our aim is to 
build a long-term brand recall for Garhwali into domestic market as well, where our major aim 
is to penetrate the brand across, all across India, all corners of India and all through network 
channels right. So we are well set on that direction. Wherever we do like alternative component 
developments and everything this will give automatically increase our margins with that. 
Priyank Agarwal: 
Thank you sir that's it from my side. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aman from Astute Investment Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman: 
Yes, with the domestic business. So, we have now 500 dealers and we plan to take it up to around 
900 dealers, sir? 
Deepak Joshi: 
Yes. 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 27 
 
Aman: 
So on an average so obviously there will be some little bit low utilization at some at medium 
and some at high. But on an average at peak kind of sales from 900 or should we assume like 
we can do like INR300, INR400 crores kind of domestic business? Whenever it happens, no 
timelines but what number should we assume with say 900 2000 dealers, what kind of peak 
domestic sales we can do? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, you are talking only on PPF or PPF plus? 
Aman: 
No, no PPF only. 
Deepak Joshi: 
Okay, only on PPF as I said I am expecting around 20% of the business from I mean by the end 
of this year. So, I am because that will not be that will be annualized for next financial year. So 
with that you can assume like if we have that kind of volumes. So, I can assume that will be like 
around INR150 crores kind of business with that. 
And this is like I said from 0.1 we have reached to a level of 0.5 and the numbers which are 
talking is like kind of around 1% so you are 100% right, if we go -- if we add -- if we further 
grow next year from 1% to 2% right, so that number is going to be around INR250 to INR300 
crores. It is possible but it might take two years or three years to reach there. So domestic 
business that with this can go up to INR250 to INR300 crores. 
Aman: 
Sure sir, that helps. And on an average say for a dealer normally the mix between the business 
he gets from sun control film versus PPF film is the mix like PPF might be like 60%, 70% given 
the volume required sorry the value required is more what is the current mix and what is the 
normalized mix for a dealer? 
Deepak Joshi: 
It is very premature to talk on this level the reason is all the PPF is very new into this segment 
and it is growing very fast, right. Definitely PPF component would be more, but if you really 
see sun control per say is much higher penetration, which is roughly 30% penetration as 
compared to 0.5% of PPF. So and there are much more channel, because we have been very 
seasoned player on sun control. 
So we have a very wider network of sun control sales in India and as well as over the world 
right. So PPF channel is just started. So exact comparison I don't have because, it is too early to 
do that. When we stabilize our volumes to like I told you INR250-INR300 crores that would be 
like the area to understand like. It doesn't help us anyway how much is PPF or sun control 
percentage. It helps us by increasing the penetration, both sun control and PPF. 
Sun control is quite strong and standard and stabilizing for us whereas PPF we are continuously 
growing. So we are not stopping for all those things. And there are many distributors which are 
like focused only on PPF there are many distributors and dealers who are only doing sun control. 
So it is not apple to apple to many distributors. 
Aman: 
What is the number of dealers who are doing sun control for us in India? 
Deepak Joshi: 
For sun control, we have sorry 100 plus. There are 100 plus dealers because my team is here so 
they are saying 100 plus dealer's distributors those who are doing for us that. But and for that 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 27 
 
we don't need to reach like we are doing in PPF. Because the business is high value business and 
we had to create, we had to use a different strategy by creating market or secondary sales channel 
and creating demand or push from the secondary market to help us distributor to sell PPF. 
Because when we started, we just started giving PPF to people they were not able to sell. 
So we had to create we had to make a field for these people to sell the product. So PPF we have 
done lot of work to create the market. So that our dealer distributor can sell the market and that's 
why we reached directly to OE's and dealership which are 500 in reach and gas which are like 
100 in our port. So on PPF it's a different strategy where on sun control it is very different 
strategy 
Aman: 
Sure, sir. That helps. Just to complete this point on the PPF side, sir. So you have talked about 
previously, I think that say if you have to do it average car might cost around INR1 to INR2 
lakhs depending on what kind of film and all those things. But I think, my understanding is most 
cars still only use it say on a one part of the car. And average realization per car might be around 
23,000 plus minus something. I can be wrong this is my assumption. 
So if you can talk about have you seen this usage increase in terms of last few months or quarters, 
once we have started marketing maybe, we have created so many SAU's. So does the use per car 
is also increasing, one is obviously you can get more customers, but in the cars in the people 
who are trying to use this product is the value per car also increasing? 
Deepak Joshi: 
See, whatever says there are component, people who are using components are really low. It 
looks like there will be more people, even we also thought. But with the experience, we can 
clearly see, the people who are doing full cars are much more than people who are doing partial, 
right, to just make you the forum more understandable is that we are also doing on many bikes. 
We are doing big events with big manufacturers of bikes. 
In fact, we are participating in a show by invitation in Goa during this month. So even bikes and 
-- even bikes and certain other smaller bikes e-bikes are also using our products. So these are 
small, small applications. But the volumes are really low, whereas when you talked about the 
prices like INR1 lakh to INR1.2 lakh, we have many big distributors high end -- not distributors 
many dealers they are doing high end cars they are doing at a price of INR3 lakh also INR3 lakh 
plus. 
So they are very different channels and we give them very different branded products. So we 
have strategic moves there we just don't disclose all those things like only INR1 lakh INR1.2 
lakh because our PPF is also being done at a very high brand for INR3 lakh also those people 
who are directly buying from us in India, right. So there are I can say 10 different channels where 
we are selling depending on like we are also doing to e-bikes to other bigger bikes to part of the 
car to then full cars. So there are 10 different methods where we are selling but every strategy 
to sell all those things is well defined and we are using those to increase the presence and margins 
for the company. 
Aman: 
Yes 

 
 
Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 27 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That is a last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comment. 
Deepak Joshi: 
So, I mean on behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films, I would like to thank all the participants of this 
call, all the investors and people who joined us. And thanks for the patience of listening us. And 
we assure you that, we are doing every bit to make to create the high value for all stakeholders. 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Garware Hi-Tech Films Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your line. 
