 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 23, 2023 
 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE Scrip Code No. 524280 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The Manager 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
NSE Symbol : KOPRAN 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Investors Conference Call Recording/Transcript  
 
              Dear Sir / Madam, 
               
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III and Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, recording of an Investors 
Conference Call held on November 22, 2023 is uploaded on Company’s website:  
https://www.kopran.com/investors/financials/media/Investors%20Conference%20Call%20h
eld%20on%20November%2022,%202023.mp3  
 
The transcript of the Investor Conference call is also Annexed herewith. 
 
              
Regards, 
For Kopran Limited 
 
 
 
Sunil Sodhani 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No FCS 3897 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        KOPRAN LTD. Parijat House, 1076, Dr. E. Moses Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018. P. B. No. 9917, Tel.: (022) 4366 1111  
                        Fax: (022) 2495 0363 Website: www.kopran.com CIN – L 24230 MH 1958 PLC 011078. E-mail: cs@kopran.com 
Works:• Village Savroli, Taluka: Khalapur, District: Raigad - 410 202. Tel.: (02192) 274500 / 335 / 337•Fax: (02192) 274025 
Sunil Radheyshyam 
Sodhani
Digitally signed by Sunil 
Radheyshyam Sodhani 
Date: 2023.11.23 20:34:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Kopran Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Conference Call” 
 
November 22, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. HRISHIKESH PATOLE – BATLIVALA & 
KARANI SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. SURENDRA SOMANI – EXECUTIVE VICE 
CHAIRMAN – KOPRAN LIMITED 
 
MR. AJIT JAIN – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
– KOPRAN LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY DOSI – GROUP ADVISOR – 
KOPRAN LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Kopran Limited’s Q2 FY2024 
Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call you may press “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Hrishikesh Patole from Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Good afternoon everyone. On behalf of B&K Securities, I welcome all the people present 
on this call. I hope everyone is in good health and doing well. On behalf of Kopran today 
we have with us Mr. Surendra Somani, Executive Vice Chairman, Mr. Ajit Jain, Chief 
Operating Officer, and Mr. Sanjay Dosi, Group Advisor. I now hand over the call to the 
management for their opening remarks post which we will open the session for Q&A. Over 
to you Sir! 
Surendra Somani: 
Good evening. A warm welcome to all our investors. This is our first investor call, and we 
plan to have more such calls at regular intervals to give an update on the performance and 
the future of the company. The COVID period witnessed a challenge then get an 
opportunity for the Indian Pharma industry which led to a surge in demand and 
consequently a sharp increase in prices of many antibiotics. The post COVID period 
brought in volatility and uncertainty to the Indian Pharma industry and affected the 
performance of most of the Pharma companies. Market dynamics changed and also more 
stringent regulatory requirements especially for the impurity profiling which required 
reworking processes and that led to delays in filings and approvals. Chinese companies 
added to the steep fall in prices of several products thus impacting the turnover and 
profitability of the Pharma industry especially the API segment. Kopran too had an impact, 
and we took various steps and measures to grow our business leading to (inaudible) 2:49 
though the profitability was significantly lower. 
 
Our consolidated revenues grew from Rs.488 Crores in 2021 – 2022 to Rs.554 Crores in 
2022 – 2023. Despite the lower prices we managed to grow revenues by increasing volumes 
of our existing products and also launch newer molecules. The profits were severely 
impacted due to the falling prices, and we have also suffered the inventory losses. 
Fortunately, the prices and demand have now stabilized leading to normalization of 
EBITDA margin in Q2. In Q2 our revenues were more than Rs.152 Crores with an 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
EBITDA of Rs.22.83 Crores and a net profit of Rs.13.77 Crores. We now embark towards 
the future of the company. 
 
Let me give you a more detailed insight of our business. Kopran’s businesses consist of four 
divisions. The Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients commonly known as APIs and the 
finished formulations. The API business is the largest contributor to the consolidated 
revenues above 60% comes from API. Our highest selling API is Meropenem which 
constitutes more than 20% of the sales. The prices of Meropenem post COVID fell sharply. 
The price of Meropenem which was Rs.1.2 to 1.4 lakh per kilo in 2021 – 2022 fell down to 
Rs.40000 per kilo. The raw material prices of Meropenem are also dropping but we had to 
incur losses on the inventory progressively. The prices of Meropenem have now stabilized 
and the demand too has improved. The (inaudible) 5:12 margins to normalize as are 
evident from the Q2 financial performance. The launch of newer penems like Faropenem, 
Biapenem and Ertapenem and further pipeline products in development like Tabipenem and 
Imipenem gives us the entire basket of Carbapenems to make us a leading and well 
recognized Carbapenem manufacturer. We are the only company manufacturing Biapenem 
in India and have launched it in the international markets also. The complete range of 
penems which are the fourth-generation antibiotics reduces our risk due to price fluctuation. 
Simultaneously, we have focused on the R&D and commercialization of various new 
products with a focus on chronic therapies like cardiology and diabetes. We have developed 
and started successfully marketing cardiac products like Ticagrelor, Rivaroxaban and 
Apixaban and in the diabetes already commercialized Dapagliflozin and are launching 
Empagliflozin though in the domestic markets. We await regulatory approvals in the 
international markets so that we can launch these products once the patent expires. Further 
we developed and launched Nitroxoline used for UTI and got the process patents and 
subsequently approval in the European market. Nitroxoline has been well accepted and is 
continuing to grow and shall contribute to the revenues and margins in the coming years. 
Another product developed by us is Lymecycline an anti-acne niche product. It has been 
successfully commercialized and marketed in India, there are only three or four other 
manufacturers in the world. We expect our European approval in Q1 of 2024 – 2025 and 
subsequent vendor approvals from multinational companies. We have set up a new 
Research & Development Centre at Panoli to increase our capability to develop many more 
new products and also at a faster pace. Today most of the products Edoxaban, 
Empagliflozin, Dapagliflozin, Macitentan, (inaudible) 8:09, Oftirol, etc., are all targeted 
for development in 2024 – 2025 and subsequently communalized. Simultaneously we are 
also developing various key starting materials KSMs for the newer products which will 
make us competitive and also help in regulatory compliance. As a strategy most of our new 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
products would be on the synthesis based key starting materials and not on fermentation 
based key starting materials thereby insulating us from the Chinese competitions to a large 
extent. We are also in the process for tying up for exports to China for products like 
Pregabalin, Faropenem, Tabipenem, Macitentan, Buspirone and Edoxaban. Today we are 
the second largest manufacturer of Atenolol in the world, and we are globally approved, and 
we market Atenolol to all countries including China. Atenolol is approved by the US FDA 
and is already being supplied to certain customers. Further we are awaiting vendor approval 
from some of the large multinational companies for Atenolol. For the delay in the vendor 
approval due to the change in regulatory requirements for impurities, which has now been 
complied with and supplies are expected to commence from next year. We have expanded 
our capacities significantly in the last 18 months for several products and also put up the 
new oral (inaudible) 10:01 plant. Our new capacities at Panoli are ready for production, we 
just await environmental clearance so with the strategy of development of new products, 
expansion in capacities and network integration we expect the API business model to be 
more robust and pave the way to double our revenues in the next three years with improved 
margins. Our other business segment formulations contribute to 40% of our total 
consolidated revenues. We have two manufacturing facilities. One plant is dedicated to 
Penicillin-based products like Amoxicillin, Amoxiclav, Ampicillin, etc. The other plant 
makes general products which includes cardiac, diabetes, pain management, etc. The 
formulation business has been generally stable and has been growing steadily. We have 
marketing associates in the regulated markets like UK whereas in the ROW markets we 
market directly through our distributors. Our Penicillin-based product plant is already 
working on products like Amoxiclav for the US market and in due course we have targeted 
to get the US FDA approval for this plant. Amoxiclav is one of the leading antibiotics in the 
world and the market is still growing. All Kopran formulations in the long-term Amoxiclav 
will be our largest selling formulation worldwide in the general plant where we manufacture 
various products for various therapies as I mentioned antibiotics, cardiac, gastro, diabetes, 
and pain management. We are adding the newer molecules to enhance our production. Our 
long-term strategy is to develop formulations based on the new APIs, which we are 
developing so as to completely integrate vertically and become competitive globally. 
Further we plan to file dossiers in regulated markets and license the marketing authorization 
to distributors in countries like UK and in Europe. We were as of now doing mainly 
contract manufacturing for customers in UK. We are working on opportunities for 
contractual cum development and manufacturing opportunities thereby enhancing our value 
addition with new product registrations and entering newer countries in the Southern 
America, Canada, Middle East and Southeast Asia. The revenues and margins of the 
formulation business should steadily grow. This was a brief appraisal of our performance 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
and the future growth strategy. I thank all investors for joining the call today and leave it for 
the question and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Veera from Abakkus. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Veera: 
Sir I just wanted to understand when is the Panoli EC clearance expected and the second 
question would be going ahead are the molecules like Rivaroxaban and most of the other 
molecules that we have been working on, have they been approved by our respective clients 
and when can we expect the scale up in those molecules? 
Surendra Somani: 
Can I answer the second question first. The new molecules like Rivaroxaban, Apixaban, 
Ticagrelor, and Dapagliflozin have already been approved and are being supplied to our 
customers in India. As I mentioned we are awaiting regulatory approvals of our DMFs and 
post the patent we will be able to tie up with the international customers also. Regarding 
Panoli environmental clearance it is very difficult to predict right now whether it will take a 
few weeks or a few months, but we are very positive that it should happen very soon and 
Panoli should be a contributor to our revenues in the coming year. 
Rahul Veera: 
Sure, Sir this is helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Hrishikesh Patole. Please go 
ahead. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Our current mix between formulations and EPI stands at around 40% to 60% so going 
forward like how you expect this mix to evolve over the next five to seven years and what 
would be the major growth for each of these segments API and the net formulation? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
The current mix is 60% and 40% and we expect API business to grow faster and the growth 
will also be there in the formulation business so if I look at over a period of four to five 
years it should somewhere settle between 70% and 30% and as far as growth in API 
business is concerned as we mentioned the enhancement of capacities along with the 
products which we have launched which are in growth phase and products which are being 
launched it would be key drivers for the growth to happen in API business going forward 
and I would like to mention that the newer molecules which we have launched or which we 
are launching of higher value compared to the products which are existing at this point of 
time so uses of scale capacities the sweating will be much higher compared to the past. 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sure, and formulations as per your presentation share of South Africa the Africa business 
stands close to around more than 70% of sales for 2Q as well as first half? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
Very right. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
In the medium to longer term how will the dependency come down like how do you expect 
this share from going ahead in the next two to three years and three to five years? 
Ajit Jain: 
We have filed various dossiers in other markets like Latin America, Southeast Asia, Middle 
East and other countries and also, we are developing our own products and filing in UK and 
Europe which will give us major business in times to come so our dependence on South 
Africa and Africa will come down because of various registrations we are going to get in 
other countries. 
Sanjay Dosi: 
I would like to add here that our South Africa and African business is consistently 
happening for the last decade or so, so those businesses would grow but growth in other 
newer markets would be higher compared to growth here and that would result into lower 
shares of these two markets in the overall basket. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sure, thank you. I have some more questions. I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Venkatesh M who is an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Venkatesh M: 
First of all, congratulations for a good set of numbers so I want to know like what is the 
current capacity utilization and my second question is like if we go with full capacity 
utilization what is the revenue that we can expect? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
Let me put it this way that as far as API business is concerned it is a continuous process 
business and normally, they are fully utilized. As far as the increase which come from 
Panoli as well as the expansions which recently happened in API businesses along with 
newer molecules which are of higher value, they will contribute to better revenue growth in 
API business. 
Venkatesh M: 
Any tentative numbers? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
As we mentioned my current capacities and whatever molecules are planned, we expect 
API business to double in the next three years. 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Venkatesh M: 
My last question is how are we at the debt level, what is the current debt, was there any plan 
to come down the debt level? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
The debt equity ratio is going 2% which is majorly due to working capital in terms of 
buyer’s credit and other things and it is more or less going in the same range. We do not 
expect to take any further loans. I expect similar debt level we will be doing much, much 
higher business and presently a lot of working capital is locked into GST which we expect 
to get released over a period of the next three to four months which would give us sufficient 
for funding our growth of working capital. 
Venkatesh M: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Sunil Jain from Nirmal Bang. 
Please go ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
Congrats on good numbers and thank you for this opportunity. Sir you said that you had 
faced some challenges in inventory and declining prices and that is why the margin came 
down and now the margin has shown some improvement in Q2 so are these margins 
sustainable in the future or we can see further improvement from this also? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
These are at the bottom of normal margins, and we expect margins to improve going ahead. 
Sunil Jain: 
The major improvement was seen in API only am I correct? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
The formulation business margins are more or less steady. The EBITDA margins you will 
see improvement with improved revenues and what you are seeing here is because in Q1 the 
revenue was much lower so operating leverage was working against us, otherwise with 
higher revenues operating leverage will favor us in terms of overall margins in formulation 
business but this is a stable kind of a business with settled and very tightened margins build 
into it. 
Sunil Jain: 
Sir you said that you expect revenue to double in three years so the base year will be 
FY2023 am I correct? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
Yes. 
Sunil Jain: 
Fine great. Thank you very much Sir. 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Parekh from Carnelian Asset 
Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Thank you for the opportunity and thanks to the company for hosting this call. Sir in your 
opening remarks you mentioned that you have two products in the pipeline and you are 
waiting to file dossiers for the same so just wanted to understand on the API part the 
pervious participant asked a question in terms of margin improvement just wanted to 
understand whether there is positive scope of improvement with these new products which 
we have in the pipeline and what kind of markets are we targeting, should we see some kind 
of regulated market revenue and growth coming in 2024 or that would be towards the later 
end of our growth cycle that is 2025 – 2026? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
I would say that regulated markets would start contributing from 2024 but major of them 
should come in 2025 in terms of US and other regulated markets are concerned for new 
molecules. 
Viraj Parekh: 
I think one of our products which we are the major manufacturer of in the world Atenolol I 
think that is US FDA approved product so if you can highlight how was the contribution of 
it in the last period and how we see it in the coming two years as we are diving on doubling 
our revenue over the next three years right so how is Atenolol also contributing to that 
revenue growth? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
Atenolol presently it contributes about 14% of our revenue and Atenolol being a low value 
product as far as domestic or unregulated markets are concerned. As far as US markets are 
concerned it is a decently priced product and has very handsome margins on it and as we 
mentioned in our opening remarks that presently we are supplying to very few customers in 
US and we have been working with a lot of multinationals for supplying in US which we 
expect to start next year and that should increase our overall margins but what we are 
looking is basically over a period of the next two years about 60% to 70% of US Atenolol 
requirement will be met by Kopran. 
Viraj Parekh: 
Yes, sure and Sir last question from my end. I believe we had a process patent for our 
product Nitroxoline so if you could just highlight how that product has done over the past 
two years and what is the growth trajectory of that product for the next three years growth 
cycle? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
As far as Nitroxoline is concerned our patent is because there was a change in impurity 
profile and toxicity in Nitroxoline three years back and the innovator had withdrawn their 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
product which is Glaxo, and we could develop that product meeting those stringent and we 
are the only manufacturer I would say who has developed this product meeting all those 
stringent impurity profile and toxicity profile. This product has been well received and we 
have very encouraging feedback from our European customers who have recently launched 
it in Europe and according to their studies, as far as urology is concerned, this is the best 
product compared to other three products which are competing with this product. We expect 
this product to be about Rs.50 Crores to Rs.70 Crores in the next two years product with a 
good margin profile. 
Viraj Parekh: 
That is all from my end. All the best and thank you for the opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next followup question is from the line of Mr. Hrishikesh Patole. Please go 
ahead. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sir in your opening remarks you mentioned that you do contract manufacturing for the UK 
clients so just to get a more hang of this, is this for any innovator? 
Ajit Jain: 
Well currently we are doing for generic companies and going forward we are going to 
develop the (audio cut) 30:11 license to the distributors there. Currently we are not 
working with any innovator company. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Do we plan to foray into this? 
Ajit Jain: 
Yes, we do plan to foray into; we are in discussion with quite a few multinational 
companies and going forward like that. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sure. Just looking at the presentation, so overall we can say that formulations are purely 
exports and in API also we have around 40% export, so 60% to 70% of our consolidated 
revenues are coming from exports, so with this current geopolitical uncertainty that is going 
around and so much things on the freight, logistics, insurance and all, so how do we hedge 
the counterparty risk or how do you manage the risk of that whether we say currency or 
anything else? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
Generally, most of our exports are basically either LC bank advance or advance against 
documents. Credits are extended only to customers who we are dealing for a long time and 
with a very strict credit risk profile and our past experience till date is we have never seen 
any bad debts of this account, so we are very, very conservative in terms of extending 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
credit. Generally, we do not extend credit on this. As far as currency, as a policy 
irrespective of situations, we keep hedging 50% to 60% of our exports and forwards. 
Ajit Jain: 
Based on 100% export is in US dollar which is very stable currency. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sure. Sir on the Africa piece like uptake constitutes more than around 72% so how much of 
sales would be from tender versus the private? 
Ajit Jain: 
We are not participating in tenders. Our distributor they participate, and they get in, so we 
are not actually; they place the order month-after- month so we are not directly participating 
in tender in South Africa. In some of the African countries we participate, but that 
constitutes less than 5% of our business. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Just one last from my side on the integration front so we claim to be a good integrated 
company and our strategy would be from whatever API molecules that we have to forward 
integrate into formulations, I do not want you to quantify, but can you broader give a sense 
how much backward integrated we would be from API to formulation? 
Surendra Somani: 
This is a process which has just started. We do integrate in terms of Atenolol 
manufacturing, the intermediate which is BHPA manufacturing Atenolol which is API and 
manufacturing Atenolol tablets for the UK market. So, this is in terms of contribution to the 
revenue it is very insignificant. The idea is all these new products where we are taking the 
KSMs cardiology based or even diabetes and some other antibiotics. We will move forward 
to the development of the formulations to the bioequivalence studies and file the dossiers, 
but that takes about three to four years time to be commercialized, but it is a slow but 
definitive process, and it insulates us from a lot of volatility which many people feel. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Sure. Just if I can squeeze one more if I may. We largely have grown on an organic rate so 
there probably I maybe misinformed, but we do not have much history of M&A and 
recently we also terminated the (inaudible) 35:24 deal so with so much happening in the 
API space in India that do we see any opportunities for going the inorganic growth to 
capture more growth? 
Surendra Somani: 
As of now we are not contemplating any inorganic growth, in the near future if any 
opportunity arises in the long term we will consider it at that time, but not in the near future. 
Hrishikesh Patole: 
Thank you Sir. That is it from myself. 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference to the management for closing remarks. 
Surendra Somani: 
I wish to thank all the investors once again for their participation, their questions and the 
interest they have shown in Kopran. The management has assured you of growth and we 
will be focusing and working hard on the same. Thank you and hope to have another 
session very soon. All the best. 
Moderator: 
I am sorry Sir. There is a question which has come up should we take that? 
Surendra Somani: 
Yes please. 
Moderator: 
So, the next question is from the line of Mr. Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to the management for a good set of 
numbers. I was on road, so just reaching somewhere I punched in a bit late. Sir a couple of 
things quickly one can you run us through the journey over the next three years how it will 
pan out towards the regulated market, what kind of traction can we look forward to like 
what would be the milestones to track over the next three years in regulated markets for 
growth for us, US and UK and for that matter even China, Sir? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
The tracking I think probably is filing of DMFs and approval of DMF. This is the major 
track for foresee what kind of a business can be generated from regulated market and as we 
mentioned that all new products, we intend to file for DMFs in various countries including 
China as initially said about five or six products which we are developing or developed. We 
are already in advanced talks in China for business there, which should conclude in 
sometime. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, in terms of the launches in China and also on the existing filings in US, which you can 
maybe give more qualitative timelines or more qualitative inputs Sir? 
Surendra Somani: 
As of now in the US as far as India is concerned, we already have Atenolol and we await 
the regulatory approval and the vendor approval from some multinational, so Atenolol will 
be the biggest contributor in the near future from the regulated market or that in the US 
market. For the other APIs where we file DMFs, as I mentioned earlier probably which you 
missed it the new requirements of impurity profiling have been delayed at the regulatory 
approvals, which we have now completed. So, we expect the approvals in the coming year 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
and then the vendor development process will start. So, if the products include Pregabalin 
and Erythromycin that we have already filed and as time goes by, we will file for all the 
new products the Dapagliflozin where of course patents also will be an issue. So, 
commercialization and business from US will also be dependent on the patent dates but we 
will be filing the Rivaroxaban and the Ticagrelor and such products in due course and 
parallelly we are developing the formulation dossiers doing bioequivalence which will 
definitely be going to the UK market. The commercialization may happen in 2026 or 2027 I 
am not able to give an exact date, but it is going to move. It will take a couple of years to 
see a significant play in the regulated markets. 
Sanjay Dosi: 
As far as European market is concerned, we are waiting for approval for Lymecycline and 
Amlodipine which we should get next year. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it Sir and second in terms of the new products that we intend to file do we already have 
concerns or companies who are referencing our product in their files do we have it the 
clients tied up for most of these products if you can throw more light on that? 
Surendra Somani: 
Let me give you a different dimension. We are in the regulated markets and in domestic 
markets where manufacturers are manufacturing the formulation for the regulated market, 
and they are our customers for various products and almost every company worth the 
mention is our customer. We have been talking to them and they have shown interest, but 
the usual chain of events is such that this was fate for the DMFs to be approved then they 
would at that time trigger the inspection if required and then finalize the vendor 
development process, so in terms of interest because this is our blockbuster production. If 
you talk about Dapagliflozin in diabetes blockbuster product, if you talk about Apixaban in 
cardiac blockbuster product, so there is enough demand, there is no drop in terms of 
customer and we are backed by a corporate name of Kopran the quality and GFB have 
always stood by with the customer needs, so any company you talk of it in India they would 
be already our customer. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it Sir. In terms of the new capacity coming up, I suppose this has already been 
answered, but just in terms of the capabilities that we are adding in these new capacities 
what would be the milestones for commercialization Panoli for example? 
Surendra Somani: 
The major spare capacity today is right from Panoli where we have two multiproduct plants 
awaiting environmental clearance and giving any date right now, I cannot predict, but we 
definitely expect the revenues to contribute to the total consolidated business in the next 
year that would be a major spare capacity. Other capacities or the growth would be proper 

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
utilization of the KL capacities which we have where the higher value products may take a 
larger share and that would lead to growth in the revenues again. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it Sir. Also, on the PLI side what happened Sir exactly we were looking for PLI last 
year, but it did not materialize and how are we looking to compensate for the growth driver 
that we lost there what will compensate for us in terms of growth? 
Sanjay Dosi: 
PLI whatever advice we got and somehow we could not came in the list of approval but 
whatever expansions we plan in PLI we have already completed, so it is not that because we 
have not got PLI we have not expanded whatever commitment or application we made for 
PLI we have expanded our capacity including Panoli and that is why I do not see any 
challenges in terms of this and fortunately the products or new products they have a decent 
margin, so it is not that we need some incentive because of commodity products or low 
margin products to make them viable. Even without PLI incentives return on the products 
which we would be planning to manufacture justifies or give us a good return on the 
investment which we have made. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it Sir. Sir last one question, extension of a question by previous participant South 
Africa has been a large market for us and in formulations obviously there is a lot of new 
initiatives that we are taking to grow the base business so if you can just highlight what 
could be the triggers on formulations from two to three years perspective can we expect a 
better growth in formulations and maybe a better margin profile also and diversification as 
well? 
Surendra Somani: 
That purely went to the formulation business that I mentioned earlier. One is the Penicillin 
based formulations where our major contribution was coming from plain Amoxicillin 
capsules. We are now switching more towards the Amoxiclav tablets, which are much 
higher value and better margins than the plain Amoxicillin capsules. The global market also 
is shifting properly from plain Amoxicillin to Amoxiclav so in the Penicillin-based product 
plant our growth will come as the Amoxiclav formulation is marketed world over. We are 
tying up with large companies also and including for the US market we would be seeking 
the Amoxiclav that is one segment. In the general plant, we are right now doing the older 
products what we call the legacy products, but in the next two years the newer APIs which 
we are developing that is for diabetes like Dapagliflozin or Empagliflozin and all the 
cardiac products like Ticagrelor or Rivaroxaban or Apixaban we have developed the 
formulation. We are in the process of finalizing the bioequivalence and by the end of 2024 
we would have the dossiers ready. We will file these dossiers. Approval will be dependent 
on each country-to-country we are going for the regulated market also and the non-

 
 
 
 
          Kopran Limited 
November 22, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
regulated market also. So, in a span of three to four years from now is what I would guess 
where we will get these new products fully approved and that will give a significant growth 
to the formulation in general products. 
Sanjay Dosi: 
I would add here in last two years we have filed more than 250 dossiers or little more than 
that and we expect in the next one year those approvals to come in and business to start. So 
let us put it in this way that for the next one to two years the growth would be about 10% to 
15% and later period you will see 20% to 25% kind of a growth. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it. Thank you Sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. I will join back in queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
