 
 
801-803, PV Enclave, ICICI Bank Lane Road
Sindhubhavan Road, Ahmedabad - 380054
www.sigmasolve.in               
CIN:L72200GJ2010PLC060478 
+91 9898095243   
079 29708387
 
 
 
Date: - 05th December, 2023 
 
To,                                                                                                                    
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400 051, 
Maharashtra, INDIA 
 
Symbol: SIGMA 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Streel Mumbai-400 001 
Maharashtra, INDIA 
 
Scrip Code: 543917 
 
Sub: Transcript of Management Interaction with Investors  
Dear Sir/ Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other 
applicable provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the 
transcript of the Company’s analyst call held on December 01, 2023. 
 
The 
transcript 
is 
also 
uploaded 
in 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
:- 
https://sigmasolve.in/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/SSL-Management-Interaction-
Transcript-v3-Latest.pdf  
  
We request you to take note of the same and update record of the Company accordingly. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For, Sigma Solve Limited 
 
Prakash R Parikh 
Managing Director 
DIN: 03019773 
 
 
Encl.:-A/a 
 
 
 
 
Prakash 
Ratilal 
Parikh
Digitally signed 
by Prakash Ratilal 
Parikh 
Date: 2023.12.05 
17:34:43 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Sigma Solve Limited 
Management Interaction Conference Call” 
December 1, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRAKASH PARIKH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIGMA SOLVE LIMITED 
MR. PRERAKH PARIKH – CO-FOUNDER OF SIGMA 
SOLVE INC. 
MR. BIREN ZAVERCHAND - CO-FOUNDER OF SIGMA 
SOLVE INC. 
 
INVESTOR RELATION: MS. TANYA VERMA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 
 
 
MR. RAKESH ARORA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Tanya Verma: 
Hello everyone and welcome to Sigma Solve Ltd. Management Interaction. We have with us on 
the call today, Mr. Prakash Parikh, Managing Director of Sigma Solve Ltd. And Mr. Prerakh 
Parikh along with Mr. Biren Zaverchand, who are the co-founders of Sigma Solve Inc. I must 
remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking statements 
and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks that the company may face. I now 
request the management to take us to the company's business and financial highlights, post which 
we can open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Prerakh Parikh:                    Okay, all right, I can get started. So hi, everyone. Thank you for joining this morning. I'm actually 
in the US, so it's a little early for me. So, I'm Prerak, I'm 1 of the co-founders here at Sigma 
Solve. And thank you for giving me the opportunity to present what Sigma Solve is, and what 
our vision and mission for the company is. So, I'll just start off with a little bit about Sigma Solve. 
We are a technology consulting company. Our focus is on building enterprise software solutions 
for a lot of customers here out of the US. And consistent focus has been around how do we 
improve customer efficiencies and help them drive their vision for sales, growth and digitization. 
As a company, we are present in the US, India and Australia. US is where our headquarters are 
and me and Biren here are 1 of the co-founders. So, we are both located in the US. 1 of the strong 
value propositions we have as a company is our hybrid delivery model, by which there is a strong 
management team who actually resides in US and we have a true local US presence. And then 
there is a development centre out of Ahmedabad as of now. So, we are about 250 employees 
strong with the team spread out in the US and in India. As far as some of the technology stacks 
that we focus on, we are on Microsoft, there is open-source stack that we do. We are pretty strong 
with cloud computing, especially AWS and process automation.  
As a company past 3 years, we've been very successful. We are continuously listed in Inc 5000 
as 1 of the fastest growing companies in the US for past, I think about 4 years now. And this year 
also we made it to Inc 5,000 and our rankings has been consistently growing. So has our revenue 
been. Beyond just being a services company, 1 of the key directions that we have also taken is 
to become more on a vertical play platform, meaning focusing on a couple of industries, 
specifically around logistics and also building... Sorry, there’s still some background noise. And 
also building a SaaS product around verticals. I think 1 of the last interactions I've had with a 
few investors, we brought up about some of the SaaS platforms around customer data, around 
logistics, and also around dental insurance. So, we are still working through those. We are still 
pursuing them. We've got quite a few customers already on the logistics space. And then we are 
building out more on the customer data as well as the dental insurance platform.  
As I said, 1 of the common questions that we generally get is, what is our differentiator? There 
are so many companies who offer technology services. And the main differentiator for us always 
has been that the promoters, we reside here in the US. It's a true US presence and not a satellite 
office. When you look at the landscape of all companies who offer digital technology services, a 
lot of them have a strong dev centre, but as far as where the customer is, whether it's US, Europe, 
Australia, companies who are very successful, they always have a strong sales office there and a 
true presence there. The ones that find it hard to scale up are the ones who just have a satellite 
office. For example, they could have a couple of sales guys here and there, but that doesn't really 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 3 of 12 
 
genuinely help you scale the business. And when you look at any of these, even like TCS, Wipro, 
they are too large. We couldn't compare with them. But even if you look at mid-tier companies 
who do, let's say, 50 million, 100 million, this is the only commonality on how they have grown, 
which is why we are positioned perfectly to kind of continue on what we are doing and then 
accelerate the growth.  
As far as the long-term vision, the vision for the company is to get to be a $30 million top-line 
company over the next 4 to 5 years. And that is based on the fact that if we compound our growth 
at 30 to 35% year over year, we should be able to achieve that growth target. Considering our 
operating margins and everything, we should be at around a $10 million EBITDA company when 
we get to a $30 million top line. So that is kind of at a high level, where, how, what we do, where 
we are right now and where we want to go. 
I can open up for questions or, Biren if you want to add something. 
Biren Zaverchand:              I think that's well summarized. If you have any questions, we can go through a Q&A and answer 
anything specific. 
Tanya Verma:  
Requesting everybody, to ask a question, please raise your hand using the reaction button. First 
question is from the lines of Shikhar Mundra. Please go ahead. 
Shikhar Mundra: 
Just wanted to know what kind of growth are we looking at for the next 2, 3 years? 
Prerakh Parikh:  
Yeah. So, the growth we are looking at is 30 to 35% year over year. So, in terms of, dollar terms, 
we should be looking at around for the next year, we should be looking at closer to 10 to 11 
million. And then the year after, we should be looking at around 14 to 15 million. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
And the margin profile is expected to be similar or is it sustainable, these kinds of margins? 
Prerakh Parikh:  
Yeah, I strongly feel they are sustainable because for us to even get to these kinds of top lines 
and continue to grow, we also have to get into higher end technologies. And when you get into 
those, the cost goes up, but at the same time, what you can demand a premium for those services 
as well. So yes, the cost will go up but I feel that the value of the services also goes higher. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
And what's the current employee base of the company? 
Prerakh Parikh:  
Around closer to 250. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
Okay. And where do you see the number of employees in the next 2, 3 years? 
Prerak Parikh: 
So at least let's say when we get to in 2 years, we, the goal is to get to around 450 to 500 
employees. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
Right. And is that revenue per employee also has that also improved that metric over the years? 
And when you see that way? 
Prerak Parikh:  
So, revenue per employee definitely has improved and I think it will continue to improve mainly 
because of what services we offer, plus when we get into a SaaS platform, let's say like logistics, 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 4 of 12 
 
right, we've built a lot of solutions out. We are getting already to a point where there are, as we 
acquire new customers, the cost to build or the cost to service is extremely low because 80 - 90% 
of what we are offering is already in place. So, the incremental cost kind of kicks in, which really 
drives the revenue per employee higher. 
Shikhar Mundra:  
Right, right. I'll join the queue for further questions. That's it. Thank you.  
Tanya Verma:  
I would request all the participants to raise their hands in case of question.  
Rakesh Arora:  
Mangaldeep, go ahead and ask your question.   
Tanya Verma:  
Mangaldeep, can you hear us? Next question is from the lines of Deepak Poddar. Sir, please go 
ahead. 
Deepak Poddar:  
Hello, hi, am I audible? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah.  
Tanya Verma:  
Yes, sir. 
Deepak Poddar:   
Hi, good afternoon. You said, so you mentioned your growth plans, but my question is regarding 
the current scenario. So, can you cite the key reasons which led to a flattish sort of growth in 
this quarter over the previous quarter? And yeah, so that'd be the first question. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, I think the predominant reason is the slowdown in the economy, especially, let's say, even 
around logistics. There were a lot of, let's say like Morse, for instance, Morse laid off 10,000 
employees. There are a lot of larger logistics companies who have kind of started to slow down 
and at least for the next quarter or so, decided to put a hold on a lot of things. So that was 1 of 
the predominant reasons. We did not see that in the first quarter, but we did see it towards the 
end of the second quarter and we are seeing it in this last quarter. 
What we are expecting is that beginning of 2024 or the, we work off of the US fiscal year. So, 
my quarters are a little off, but the second quarter of 2024, 2025, which would be April, May 
and June, right, I think that's when we should start seeing a little bit of a turnaround. That's what, 
when we talk to a lot of customers, a lot of prospects, that's what we are hearing. So, I mean, 
that to me is the only reason because nothing really has changed on our end. If anything, we've 
accelerated on what we offer, how we offer, we've accelerated on the sales team build up. So 
economy is the only reason right now for that flattish growth. 
Deepak Poddar:  
So, you said April, May, June, which is quarter 1 in our fiscal cycle. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yes.  
Deepak Poddar:  
So, so yeah, so you expect recovery then. So, what about the next 2 quarters? What, what, how 
do you see the economy and the overall environment for the business? 
Prerak Parikh:  
So, this quarter we are already in December. So, we're going to continue with this. And the first 
quarter is where we're going to see how things play out. We've got a few things in the pipeline 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 5 of 12 
 
as far as commitments from existing customers go. And it has been sort of a mixed thing because 
sometimes when the companies are looking at cost cutting, it's actually opening up an opportunity 
for us. 
Let's say for some existing customers, it did open up opportunities because they were paying a 
higher dollar value on, and because we were already there, they decided to pass on the business 
to us as an existing vendor. So that plays in our favour with existing customers. As far as 
acquiring new customer, it gets harder because they are not signing up any new vendors at that 
point in time. So, it's kind of a balancing scale right now. And we just have to play it by the ear 
to see how things shape up. 
Deepak Poddar:    
Don't have a concrete outlook. How, if you will see a good growth this year or the previous 1, 
because I think you expect things to only improve from quarter 1 next year. General idea, existing 
business, how will that form in the second half of the year, which is now like, of course, quarter 
3 is halfway there. And then the last quarter for the Indian fiscal. So up until March, from now 
on. 
Prerak Parikh:  
 So up until March, I do feel that it's gonna be the current trajectory, which is to your point, a 
little flattish. I don't foresee that we're just gonna have that huge spike the last quarter of the 
Indian fiscal year. So I do feel that it's going to be a little more flattish trajectory because what 
we do have in the pipeline, there's been a lot of good discussions, but companies are putting a 
few things on hold and that kind of is something we just have to wait out and see. 
Deepak Poddar:    
Got it. That's all I had. Thank you. I'll get back in queue. Thank you 
Tanya Verma:  
Next question is from the lines of Mr. Anil Kumar. Sir, please go ahead. 
Anil Kumar:  
Okay, thank you for the opportunity. So, okay, as we are like growing company and probably 
more aggressive towards gaining more and more projects, because that is the probably key driver 
or key things that will determine the company future. I see from the presentation and this is 
purely I don't know how much that is correct or not because the number that you said total 
number of employees 250 whereas it shows something around 185. So the number of people in 
sales and support team that has gone down from 24 in Q1 to 15. So what's the reason for it?  
So I'm referring to the presentation probably. So I don't know whether that presentation is correct 
or not. If it is, then my question is on that. So if you are looking at aggressively probably gaining 
more and more contract then our emphasis would be in increasing the team rather than 
decreasing the team. So what's the reason for it? 
And the second question is like, how much we are kind of aligned towards a new technology, 
new in the sense like AI, I mean, do we have any kind of projects on that? And what is the 
contract value or kind of size of those contracts? And what's the pipeline is looking like? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Right. So, the first question, there is absolutely maybe if it's in the presentation, we need to look 
at it, but there is absolutely no way we would have gone down on the number of sales employees. 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Biren Zaverchand:  
Let me answer that maybe Prerak, And you know, what happened was we had a new division 
come up in terms of marketing. So, we made some shift of sales people moving to marketing. 
And that's why you know, those employee count has not gone down. But we started offering 
marketing services. And we made that shift internally. So that number reflects to that basically. 
It's not an employee reduction. It's just a shift and creation of a new division in the form of 
marketing. 
Anil Kumar:  
So basically, OK, my probably follow-up question on this is, what is the marketing or sales 
strength and how are they geographically distributed? Are they are concentrated only in US or 
they are there are like people who are in India or European region as well. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, so the sales is distributed in US and India. We don't have, anybody in Europe, but in the 
US where I am in Atlanta, where Biren is in Florida, that is where we have sales people. And 
then there is lead generation guys and a few sales people out of India. The marketing thing that 
Biren talked about that is marketing 360, which is digital marketing services. That is something 
that we added on in, I think in last 3 to 4 months. That is when we hired a VP of marketing with 
the goal to improve our brand presence, Sigma solve as a company, and then also start offering 
digital marketing as an add on service to existing customers. 
Anil Kumar:  
How is the pipeline? Can I talk about the pipeline? What is it looking like and how it is like? 
What's the dollar value for that? And what is the time frame for execution of those? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, so the pipeline right now, logistics, we are still very strong and we are getting to that point 
where we are able to kind of reuse what we have built out for customers over the last year. So 
that pipeline definitely seems very strong. And I think 1 of the key things that makes me feel 
confident is that this pipeline is not based on just inbound effort. We have extensive outbound 
sales efforts out of the US. So, we are really out there hunting and getting deals, whether it is 
through cold calling campaigns, going to trade shows. So, I feel like we are sort of in charge of 
our destiny here with all the outbound efforts, and we are not just relying on an inbound effort 
to get a lead and all. So, to me, that's a big differentiator. We are actively hiring for head of sales 
also in the US. We are actively hiring for 1 key vertical that we are going after to add on to for 
the next year. So that's where we are hiring sales people, solutions architect. So the pipeline right 
now seems really strong. The only reason I'm hesitant is because how the economy is, We've 
got connections across some really large companies and some of those had to be finalized in this 
last quarter. Sorry, I keep shifting in the quarter between US and India, but this current quarter, 
those had to be finalized, but they got put on hold. So, the hope is that next year when things 
start turning around a little bit, all those go through.  
As far as AI, I think you asked about newer technology. So that absolutely is where we have to 
be and where we are. We've already built out, several AI based, we've already done several AI 
based implementation. I can talk to a couple of them. So we've built out learning management 
systems for companies where if you are a company with let's say 10,000 SKUs, the big challenge 
is for your sales team, for your customer support team to know what your products are. And so 
We build a learning management system where using AI, we ingest all that knowledge base 
about the products, about the policies of the company. And then that is what the company uses 
for onboarding salespeople, onboarding support, and also reaching out and answering prospects 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 7 of 12 
 
and customers. So that is a great use case of AI. We already have customers who use that. The 
other use cases for AI are around dental insurance, where we have added AI to the insurance 
adjudication platform that we are building out that helps predict better what the, when the 
adjudication happens where the dollar amounts end up. So we are very much in there.We have 
to be, I don't think it's optional with the speed at which AI is going. So that definitely in the play. 
We are also working towards an Azure Cloud AI partnership with Microsoft. That requires a lot 
of expertise that requires people with a lot of certifications. So that is 1 key goal for the company 
as well. 
So that when we go and pitch to fortune 500 companies, that is our differentiator that we are 
cloud AI partners with Microsoft. We are not the only ones, but that is how the value proposition 
is established. So that, that definitely is 1 of the key goals for us. And process automation, 
process automation initially was not very AI driven. It was more about bots and programming 
bots to do things, but these platforms have also evolved. So, I mean, it's a no brainer. It's not 
something we could move forward or even survive at this point without building that expertise. 
Anil Kumar:  
Also, okay, my, 1 question that remain unanswered. So that is like, how much is the dollar value 
of the current pipeline and how is the execution or probably the already where the contract has 
been signed? And what's the dollar value? And what is the timeline for execution of those? 
Prerak Parikh:  
When you say Pipeline in terms of what has been awarded to us or what we are looking in the 
sales pipeline with certain probability. 
Anil Kumar:  
So, both sides, like what is the pipeline like, how, when do you expect that to get converted or 
get contract, when this contract to be signed and what is the dollar value of the contract that has 
been signed and what's the execution time like because that will define the kind of revenue 
outlook for the coming years or so. So, I'm trying to gauge from that. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah. Right. So, what has been signed, I think we are at least at about 1 and a half million US 
dollars. And the execution for that is over the course of next 8 to 10 months. What is in the 
pipeline with certain percentage of probability that it will close, it's a little hard for me to just 
give you right off the bat because we've got a lot of sales people, a lot of leads coming in with 
different variations of probability of what will close, what will not close. So, but if I had to 
ballpark it, I think it probably has to be somewhere around 2 and a half to 3 million. 
Anil Kumar:  
Okay. Thank you. 
Prerak Parikh:  
See, just to maybe elaborate a little bit. So, our focus as a business is to make sure that we have 
churn of about 10 to 15% most and we acquire about 45% more business than the last year. That 
is how we get to our net 30 to 35%. That is the fundamental guiding principle on how we get to 
that growth. So, because that churn is inevitable, some projects do finish, some customers do 
move on, some are fixed cost. So that churn is an inevitable. And the goal is to get to that 40 - 
45% growth, a new business, whether it's through new customers or upselling to existing 
customers, and then offset that 10 to 15%. So that's kind of the model we are in. 
Anil Kumar:  
Yeah, thank you. 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Tanya Verma:  
Next, we have some questions in the chat. First 1 is any major new projects/clients in the near 
future, which will increase the revenue of the company? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, I mean, we have to have right like so that numbers that I gave around the pipeline of 2 
and a half million. So that absolutely accounts for that. I'm not at liberty to give out any names 
of the customers, but we have a $3 billion logistics company that we are talking to. We have a 
very strong position there. We are actually sponsoring if anybody is in the US and knows there 
is an event called Inspire CIO, where it is 1 of the leadership events across CIOs in America. 
We are actually sponsoring that and I'm actually going to be there next week. So, this is where I 
was saying that the true presence we have is what comes into play. And when you look at some 
of the other companies who are there, IT companies like Okta, IT companies like TCS, those 
guys. So even though we are a smaller player, but when you look at the context of things, that's 
an event that only a CIO can invite a partner. So, we got invited by a CIO of a billion-dollar 
company to be there and they are going to try open up opportunities for us. 
Right. So that only comes when we've delivered for them. They have a lot of trust in us because 
they are putting their name on the line as well. So, you can definitely look up, it's called Inspire 
CIO. It's on our website also, it's called Florida Orbi Awards. So, a lot of these relationship 
building is where the differentiator lies. And let's say if we go meet a lot of these CIOs of 
companies like Ashley's Furniture, they do a billion dollar, Crowley, they do $3 billion. These 
interactions are what make things happen. 
Tanya Verma:  
Okay, we have another question in the chat. Is there any plan to increase offices/employees in 
India based on future projections? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Absolutely, absolutely. So, as we get into, let's say some vertical around, let's say Microsoft 
Dynamics or NetSuite, the absolute goal is to set up an office either in Pune, Indore, Bangalore, 
some part that is where the talent is available more freely than Ahmedabad and especially the 
quality of talent that we need. So that absolutely is the goal. 
Tanya Verma:  
Next question is from the line of Mr Lalit Rai. Sir, please go ahead. 
Lalit Rai:  
Yeah, hi, can you hear me? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah. 
Lalit Rai:  
Yeah. So, hi to all of you. The question is around the order book that you mentioned or the 
visibility that you were giving that you are in conversation with people for this incremental 1 
and a half to 2 and a half million-dollar pie. So just wanted to clarify. So, we are already doing 
about 2 million dollar per quarter, right? 
And almost there in terms of quarterly run rate for revenues. So, this will be incremental to that. 
And that's how you are saying that once this 1 and a half to 2 and a half million dollar fructifies, 
this 2 million dollar per quarter, which even without assuming any growth over there is 8 million 
plus you get about 2, 2 and a half million dollar additional, so which is where earlier you were 
guiding for about a 10 to $11 million top line next year. Is what it comes to, right? 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 9 of 12 
 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, absolutely. So, let's say we consider 8 million as the baseline as of now. When you do a 
10% to 12% churn, that will take over a million. So, you are at 7. And then when you add back 
this 2 and a half to 3 million that gets us to that 10ish million top line. 
Lalit Rai:  
We did about 55 crore top line March 23 and we are at 16 crore per quarter run rate now, So let's 
say next 12 months, then we are looking at about 80 crore to 85 crore and if things get better, 
you were saying in June, then maybe an even higher top line. So maybe in the vicinity of 
somewhere between 80 and 95 crore depending on how things play out in terms of demand. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Correct. Yes. Yes. 
Lalit Rai:  
Okay. Thanks for that. Second is, so we started this new office in Ahmedabad, right? So how 
are the utilizations there in terms of space and how much can you scale up within that office? 
Prerak Parikh:  
I think for us, we, maybe contrary to a lot of people may believe, but we do feel that we need 
employees in the office. So that was the fundamental principle of saying that we do need to 
expand our offices there. So, right now we do have about 60 to 65% of employees who do come 
to the office and we are making it required because we feel the efficiency and the demand for 
collaboration is much needed. So, the utilization is absolutely there.  
Prakash Parikh:  
And our office TV, it is under our possession. If we are expanding them, we can shift the people 
over there also. 
Lalit Rai:  
Right, sir. Understood. And sir also, just wanted to understand so you know we are still very 
small in terms of top line, right? With a little bit of aggression on the sales side, even in a slowing 
environment, we should be able to do well. Also, regarding the slowdown, like we do hear from 
other large IT companies as well, mid cap IT companies, everyone is talking about, you know, 
a deferment of some projects etc. And it's understandable that there was a massive surge post 
COVID and there was maybe a disproportionate amount of spending which is kind of levelling 
out and with this new chat GPT and other things coming through people want to be sure where 
they invest the incremental dollar and therefore, they are reassessing on that front. Now, we have 
had this huge advantage that is as far as you know, the tools that we provide. 
So, the legacy providers of these tools for the clients were having a very high operating cost. So, 
they have to deal with the you know, $100 to $150 kind of billing rates where we are able to 
come in and with our India delivery model offer between $20 to $40 kind of rates and therefore 
have a big edge over there and are able to take business. So, nothing has changed on that front, 
right? So, we continue to enjoy that advantage. And also on the slowdown side, like the 
economic numbers seem to be okay in the US like you just had a very high, almost a 5% GDP 
print. 
So, it's not like the economy is slowing down. It just seems that people are rationalizing their IT 
spend dollar as to where it is going and they want to be sure you know, so you see like, how 
confident are you on this pickup that you're talking about going into next year if it's not 
emanating from economic slowdown, and if it's just rerouting of the dollars, then our customers 
telling you this that you know, this is what we are doing in terms of reassessing and in 3 months, 
6 months’ time, we'll come back to you and maybe with even larger projects. 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 10 of 12 
 
Prerak Parikh: 
 I mean, it definitely has to stem from what the customers are telling us. In 1 viewpoint, we are 
too small to have a major impact due to economic slowdown. However, from another other 
viewpoint, we do have customers that are fortune 50 fortune 500 companies. So, they do get that 
impact, right? So, the smaller customers we have, they don't have an impact. The larger 
customers we have, they do have an impact. So, where that ratio falls on us is something we are 
also kind of getting a hold of. And yes, I mean, that's what the customers have been telling us 
that let's put on hold and we are just waiting to see how things happen. Next year, it's also us 
election. So, a lot of those things are in everyone's mind. Also, the biggest thing obviously is the 
interest rates right now. So, when they drop what happens then, right? So, maybe the GDP and 
all at 5% and all, that maybe I don't think has too much of an impact on a size of a business we 
are, but like these interest rates, these massive layoffs, even if a company is not looking to lay 
off, that does put a doubt in their mind that should we continue spending if others are laying off, 
right? So that creates this whole perception and we just have to see when that breaks. 
Lalit Rai:  
Okay, also the funding environment for smaller companies has turned difficult, you know, the 
startups kind of place. So, has that also been 1 of the challenge and it's causing you to reorient 
yourself to towards the larger clients in terms of your sales efforts? 
Prerak Parikh:  
Yeah, absolutely. Because we do work with startups, but with the funding drying up, Silicon 
Valley Bank folding, we were lucky enough that we didn't have much of a bad debt with these 
startups. But yeah, I think any startup is at a risk even for us as a customer. So, I'd rather not 
work with startups right now, but work with a company who does 15-20 million, 50 million, but 
they have been there for a long time. So have the cash flow to support on this. So yes, absolutely. 
We are very cognizant of the fact of who we work with, especially if it's a startup. 
Lalit Rai:  
Sure, and all this environment is not leading to any challenges on the receivables front, right? 
So bad debts, etc. Nothing, no challenges in terms of collecting monies for the services we are 
delivering. 
Prerak Parikh:  
Not as of now. We've not had anybody to date that says we are folding up or we are filing 
bankruptcy. We've not had a single customer as of yet. 
Lalit Rai:  
Okay, and on the product side towards the end of this year, we were looking at having a couple 
of them in place and you did mention products on the on the logistics side as well as the dental 
insurance side. So, I'm guessing initially, once you put the product in place, initially, it will 
probably be tried out by a handful of people only. And as you know, and then gradually you gain 
traction over there. So how can that build out over the next 2-3 years? How significant can that 
be? And I understand there is products also, like projects but with you know less and less effort 
required for incremental implementation. So, would that help you in, protecting your margins, 
at these very strong levels of 35 to 40%? 
Prerak Parikh:  
I think if anything, it's only going to boost those margins up. And margins is obviously 
important, but even more important is the acquisition of business. Because as we go through and 
start building these out, that is the differentiator that we are able to build against other services 
companies. When we say that we are logistics experts, we truly mean we are logistics experts. 
And even within logistics, there is so many verticals that you go through. There are people who 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 11 of 12 
 
move containers – Drayage, there are people who move cars - Auto transport. There are people 
who move individuals. Like they work with Facebook to move 500 other employees, right? So, 
within logistics, there are a lot of different smaller verticals. And as we gain that knowledge, 
working with some customer, we modify our platform to let's say a drayage company or to an 
auto transport company or to a maritime corporation, right? 
Then that's the advantage we start getting or finding the next deal, finding the next opportunity. 
And even for a customer, they are a lot more confident because they can really see what it's 
going to look like. Not having to wait for 6 to 8 months to get the product built out. So, I think 
overall, I think it just, it's an extremely strong value proposition. We are already seeing that in 
logistics where the sales cycles are getting a lot shorter for us. 
We are able to do a lot of proof of concepts much faster. When we go meet customers, we are 
able to show something very quickly like, hey, this is what we've done. Go call this guy, get a 
referral if you need to understand what we've delivered, right? So, I think all in all, I'm very, 
very convinced that this is the path forward and the path forward for us on how to operate 
logistics is 1, We are going to identify 1, 2, other 3 verticals, but those take time to acquire 
knowledge, find set of customers, build a sales team. But I'm very, very convinced this is the 
path forward for us to have a vertical play, not just a technology play. 
Lalit Rai:  
Sure Prerakh. I think just 1 thing got missed over here. So, this cost advantage that we were 
talking about, you know, we being able to offer billing rates of 30, 35, 40 dollars versus the 
competition at much, much higher levels because they are operating and delivering out of 
Western geographies. So, despite the wage inflation that India has seen in the last couple of 
years. And you have also seen that. So that advantage still continues to be in play? Or has that 
got affected? 
Prerak Parikh:  
No, that still continues to be a driving factor. And about increasing wages, I think the supply 
demand has totally changed. There was a huge shortage of software developers. It was extremely 
hard to find people that we've seen that totally turn around in last few months. The ease with 
which we are able to hire people, the ease with which we are able to retain people.  
Obviously, they are not going to come with lower salaries, but those expectations and that 
constant crunch and the attrition that has very much levelled out. So, and the margins still 
remains, remains the same, right? Because if we were able to operate at this margin when there 
was super crunch on talent, now, if anything, that has really levelled out, our margins are going 
to be a little better. 
Lalit Rai:  
Sure. And also, just before I close, many congratulations to the management in terms of putting 
the minority shareholders, you know, interest up front and merging the US entity completely or 
acquiring that balance stake and for a very, very reasonable sum. Going by the market price, it 
would have been at a multi fold valuation. But thanks a lot for being considerate towards the 
minority shareholders and doing the needful. Thanks a lot. That's all from me. Thanks! 
Prerak Parikh:  
Thank you. 

 
 
Sigma Solve Limited 
December 1, 2023 
Page 12 of 12 
 
Tanya Verma:  
Next, we have a few questions in the chat box. 1 being, what is the percentage of top 5 and 10 
clients in the revenue?  
Prerak Parikh:  
So top 5, we should be around 35 to 40%. 
Biren Zaverchand:  
And the top 10 could be around 65-70% give or take 
Tanya Verma:  
Next question is what about free cash flow? Is the company able to generate free cash flow now 
and what is the future projection? 
Biren Zaverchand:  
Yeah, absolutely. Free cash flow we are generating just like before. We won’t get into specifics 
but probably in the range of 200,000, give or take, every month actually.  
Tanya Verma:  
Next question is the acquisition of Sigma Solve INC itself increased the revenue to 80 crores as 
per current revenue starting from next quarter due to 100% consolidation of Sigma Solve INC. 
The guidance given of 30 to 35% is over this? 
Prerak Parikh:  
I don't think that's accurate. With the acquisition, the revenue is not at 80 crores. 
Rakesh Arora:  
The Revenue is already 100% consolidated. It is just the PAT where the minority interest will 
not be there. So, part will go up but revenue will not probably. 
Biren Zaverchand:  
Answer is the top line is 8 million and we still continue to grow at 30-35% from 8 million. So 
that's 65 crores not 80 crores. 
Tanya Verma:  
I would request the participants to please raise your hand using the reaction button to ask a 
question. 
Rakesh Arora:  
Looks like there are no further questions. So back to Prerakh and Prakash ji if you want to do 
any closing comments. 
Prerak Parikh:  
I think a lot of good questions around the strategy on how we are operating, obviously the 
financials. So, I think the closing comment would be that we are absolutely focused on this. This 
is the key focus around growth and we've always shown our commitment to it. The last thing 
that we did was this merger, which was at way below the market price. So that's our commitment. 
We are fully vested and vested more than anybody else in the growth of this. We are a young 
team and that's the only intent is to grow the revenue, grow the top line and everything else will 
fall in place. 
Rakesh Arora:  
And Mohammed is asking whether we'll do Con-call every quarter. 
Prerak Parikh:  
I don't know if that's for me to answer but yeah sure. 
Rakesh Arora:  
You'll get an update every quarter, Mohammad I can say that to you. We'll try to do conference 
call at least half yearly if not every quarter. Thank you everyone. I'll just stop the recording. 
 
