 
यूको बैंक 
UCO BANK 
 
सम्मान आपके विश्वास का 
Honours Your Trust 
 
 
 
 
UCO Bank, Finance Department, Head Office, 3rd Floor, 02, India Exchange Place, Kolkata – 700 001 
Phone: 033 - 44557227,    E-mail: hosgr.calcutta@ucobank.co.in 
Follow UCO Bank onTwitter: UCOBankOfficial; Facebook: Official.UCOBank; Instagram: Official.ucobank; 
LinkedIn: UCO BANK; You Tube: UCO Bank Official 
 
HO/Finance/Share/144/2023-24                                                    Date: 08.11.2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.                  
“Exchange Plaza”                                                      
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E)                        
Mumbai – 400 051                                                      
NSE Scrip Symbol: UCOBANK 
 
 
 
 
Madam/Dear Sir 
 
Re: Transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet held on 03.11.2023 
 
Further to our communication dated 31.10.2023 and 03.11.2023 regarding 
intimation about the schedule of Analysts/Investors Meet on 03.11.2023 and 
submission of audio/video recording of such meet, we enclose the transcript of 
Analysts/Investors Meet held in pursuance to Regulation 30 of SEBI (LODR) 
Regulations and NSE guidance note dated 29.07.2022. 
 
The transcript of Analysts/Investors Meet is uploaded on bank’s website and the 
same can be accessed through below link : 
 
https://www.ucobank.com/pdf/Transcript08112023.pdf 
 
 
 
Please take the above on your records and disseminate.  
 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
 
(Vikash Gupta) 
Company Secretary 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532505 
Vikash 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Vikash Gupta 
Date: 2023.11.08 
12:36:46 +05'30'

 
Page | 1  
 
 
 
UCO BANK  
 
 
Q2 FY24 RESULTS 
Post Earnings Analysts/Investors Meet 
Held on 03.11.2023 at 4:00 pm 
 
 
 
 
 
UCO Bank Management is represented by : 
 
1. Mr Ashwani Kumar, Managing Director & CEO 
 
2. Mr Rajendra Kumar Saboo, Executive Director 
 
3. Mr Vijaykumar Nivrutti Kamble, Executive Director 
 
 
Moderator : M/s Antique Stock Broking Limited 
 
         
 
TRANSCRIPT 

 
Page | 2  
 
- 
Moderator: 
- 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for the post 
results conference call of UCO Bank.  It is my pleasure to you to senior 
management team of UCO Bank who are here today to discuss the results.  We 
have with us Mr. Ashwani Kumar, MD & CEO, Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo, 
Executive Director, Mr. Vijaykumar Nivrutti Kamble, ED. 
- 
We will begin the call with remarks from the management team and post that 
we'll open the floor for Q&A.  So, Ashwani Saab over to you. 
- 
Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
- 
So, very good evening to all the analysts connected to web.  I apologize for being 
late for 5 minutes.  First of all, I'd like to share the highlights of quarter 2 to 
performance of the bank and I have with me our Executive Director, Mr Rajendra 
Saboo, Mr. Kamble, both Executive Director and top management teams, our 
corporate general managers are also with us and after my initial remarks then I 
will be open to your question and answers and then me, my EDs, and GM's , 
they will be answering the questions.  So, first of all, welcome back to this analyst 
meet.  Business of the bank for the quarter ended. 30th September, 2023 increase 
to Rs. 4,17,145 crore, the growth of 10.56% on a Y-o-Y basis, which was 
supported by growth of 6.07% in deposit and around 18% in advances.  Within 
that, saving grew by 5.47% and CASA share was 38.28%. 
- 
Advances, our retail grew by 17% on a Y-o-Y basis and 3.07% on Q-o-Q basis.  
Agriculture grew by 14.32% on a Y-o-Y basis and 5.97% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  MSME grew by 20.83% on a Y-o-Y basis and 5.92% on quarter-on-quarter 
basis.  Within the retail, home loan grew by 21.24% on a Y-o-Y basis and 4.92% of 
a Q-o-Q basis.  Vehicle loan grew by 27.49% on a Y-o-Y basis and 5.42% on a Q-o-
Q basis. Agriculture; within agriculture, our investment credit grew by 35% on a 
Y-o-Y basis and 13.41% on Q-o-Q basis.  Agri and allied grew by 22% on a Y-o-Y 
basis and 13.31% on a Q-o-Q basis.  Within agriculture, our SHG grew by 39% on 
a Y-o-Y basis and 17% on a Q-o-Q basis.  Gold loan portfolio also grew by 20% 
and increase which is forming part of agriculture.  All our priority sector targets 
are achieved.  Now coming to the asset quality.  Gross NPA of the bank has been 
reducing on declining trend of a quarter-on-quarter basis and it was 4.14% as at 
4.48%. Last quarter, improvement of 244 bps on a Y-o-Y basis.  Net NPA of the 
bank also improved to 1.1%, an improvement of 88 bps on a Y-o-Y basis.  So, for 
the last quarter, it was  1.18%, thus on a quarter-on-quarter basis it has been 
improving.  PCR of the bank also improved to 95.07% and that is an 

 
Page | 3  
 
improvement of 217 bps on a Y-o-Y basis and if we exclude TWO, even that PCR 
stands at 74%. 
- 
Profitability, net interest income grew by 8.3% to 1,917cr.  NIM of the bank, 
domestic NIM was 3.05% with 8 bps increased on a Y-o-Y basis and 2 bps 
increase on a quarter-on-quarter basis, whereas NIM global was constant at 
2.84% on a Y-o-Y basis and quarter-on-quarter basis.  Operating profit for the 
bank during the quarter was down by 17% on a Y-o-Y basis.  Net profit was also 
20% down on a Y-o-Y basis, but on the quarter-on-quarter basis our net profit 
improved from 221 crores to 402 crores.  CRAR of the bank improved to 16.83%, 
it's a 281 bps on a Y-o-Y basis, it is without considering current half years 
profitability added back, if we add back that, our CRAR will be around 17.39%.  
Yield of domestic advances improved to 8.80% and yield on global advances 
improved to 8.38%.  This was all about the performance highlights.  As far as 
slippages are concerned, let me come to the slippages.  Slippages during the 
quarter was 578 crores.  It was around 1.42% on an annualized basis whereas the 
for the last September 22 quarter it was 1.90%, for the full financial year 22-23 it 
was 1.75%.  So, slippages in the quarters to come, it is likely to come down and 
our credit cost is around 0.83% during this quarter with 0.97% during last 
quarter. 
- 
Our standard portfolio, total advances basis is around 96%, which was 93% a 
year ago.  Our cash recovery and upgradation during this quarter was 656 crores 
tax recovery upgradation and recovery income of 656 crores vis-a-vis 589 crores 
during last quarter.  Previous year same quarter it was 1,044 crores mainly 
because of recovery in written off accounts was higher and cash recovery 
because there were no hanging fruits in Sept quarter .We expected recovery in 2 
accounts during this quarter. 
- 
Now, our slippages, if you look at from the retail, Agri, and MSME, from the 
retail it is only 70 crores.  Agri , it is little elevated due to crop loan at 178 crores, 
and MSME is 130 crores.  From corporate segment, there were two accounts, 
which accounted for the major slippage around 140 crores of those two accounts 
was there, so 180 crores is the corporate slippage.  So, that is the total slippage 
composition.  If we look at it segment wise NPA, our retail segment is coming 
down from 2.24% in September 22, has now come down to 1.37% in September 
23, within that, our home loan NPA percentage has come down from 1.72% in 
September 22 to 1.16%.  Education also has come down.  Vehicle loan has also 
improved.  Agriculture NPA percentage has also improved and similarly MSME 
percentage has also improved.  If we look at SMA position 1 crore and above, 

 
Page | 4  
 
which was 2,631 crores in  June quarter, it has now come down to 1721 crores.  
So, it is 1% of our total gross advances and last quarter it was 1.60%.  Covid 
Restructuring portfolio coming with repayment and now standard portfolio 
stands at 2,554 crores. 
- 
At NCLT, we have 100% almost provided you know in all NCLT accounts.  Now, 
I will share the initiative, which the bank has taken during the last quarter and 
what are the initiatives which are planned for the coming quarter and half year.  
In the last quarter, we implemented performance management solution, a total 
digital driven performance driven culture and meritocracy, which we started 
somewhere in June.  In three months, on 28 September, 2023, all the 10 tools over 
performers doing culture system was implemented.  We have to ensure quality 
customer acquisition; we have implemented tab banking successfully.  It was 
implemented on a pilot basis in 10 branches. 
- 
Now, orders for implementing in 500 branches have already been given and 
delivery of the tab has started and we have also implemented state-of-art cyber 
security office to take care of our cyber security issues.  We have also issued PO 
for the new Gen. call center using AI & ML.  So, the total revamping of the 
existing call center is being done.  Approvals have been obtained.  RFP have been 
floated and vendor has also been selected and the order has also been issued.  
We have also implemented some digital initiatives for internal working to start 
accountability report that also has been implemented on an online basis and E-
OTS is also under testing.  We will be coming out with the E-OTS shortly.  For 
the compliance - sustainable compliance monitoring, we have started UCO focus 
where in our compliance department will be monitoring the compliance level 
within the organization on a continuous basis.  To undertake the digital 
transformation, we have already quoted our RFP for onboarding our digital 
transformation knowledge partner and maybe onboarded where we will be 
undertaking our entire deposit and lending journey through internet banking on 
an end-to-end basis from the customers point of view. 
- 
We are also upgrading overseas Finacle for which we are also implementing new 
integrated treasure solutions for which we have taken all approvals and order 
will be shortly placed.  We are also going for Forex PC centralized; Forex PC cell.  
Currently our Forex operations have entered across the branches at various 
places.  There is no central Forex PC as in other banks.  So, that is also being 
floated maybe today or tomorrow or this week anytime that will put it.  We are 
also reconnecting our MSME hub, retail hub, and agriculture hub.  So, as we 
prove that in the retail segment, we have already revamped our mid corporate 

 
Page | 5  
 
units in the last quarter wherein we have simplified thing with corporate 
functioning also now there is a direct monitoring for the mid corporate 
proposals, at our 27 mid-corporate branches. 
- 
In addition to that, certain other things are also being planned to meet our cyber 
security requirements. Here, implementation is going on, even application 
performance solution is also being secured. Even whitelisting of assets of IT asset 
management solution is being secured. Now we are also bringing cyber security 
to stop enhancement. That is also in the pipeline. API gateway is also planned 
and AML solution for our overseas operation is also planned. So all these digital 
transformation or technology upgradation which we have planned in the next 6 
months, upto 1 year may be implemented over a period of time. Do you really 
want to add anything which I have left out? Yes, one more thing which I would 
like to add is, according to our provision, which we started in the last quarter, so 
SMA 1 and 2, last quarter, more than 1 crore on SMA 1 and 2. We have kept 197 
crore of provision. Though SMA 1 and 2 figure has come down from 2000cr. to 
1100cr., more than 1cr. but we continue to hold 197 crore of provision against 
those. Further to our Covid-19 provision of 530cr., we are having and mandatory 
RBI provisions are also we are keeping. So in all around 2400cr. of standard asset 
provision we are keeping with of which around 1000cr is beyond RBI mandatory 
information. So these are the standard assets we are keeping. These are about the 
provisions which I wanted to share. Now I am open for question and answer. 
Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you sir for your opening remarks. We will just open the floor for question 
and answer. We will wait for a minute for the queue to arrange. Post that, we 
will start. Anybody who wishes to ask questions, please raise your hand. So we 
have our first question from Mr. Sohail. Mr. Sohail, you can unmute yourself and 
go ahead. 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Good evening sir and thanks for the opportunity. Sir, there are 3 questions from 
my side. 2-3 questions from my side. One is in terms of your ROA trajectory. 
Now if we look at your margins at 3.05, your credit cost is 0.8 and you are 
delivering an ROA of 0.5. So what is the ROA that we should expect in a couple 
of years down the line and which would be the factor that would move the 
ROA? 
 

 
Page | 6  
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Sohail, should I start or you have another question? 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Yes sir. No sir, I will ask the 2nd question later. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Ok. See, ROA for the current quarter is 0.54 and ROA is a function of profitability 
and in the last quarter, we had a profit of 221 crore and in this quarter, we have 
402 crore. And as we improve our profitability, ROA will continue to improve. 
And your question is that, for 2yrs. down the line – I think, 2yrs. down the line 
with our provision requirement is already at 95pc and net NPA is already at 
1.11pc and our guidance on NPA for the financial year is a said below 1pc and 
gross NPA is also said below 4pc. So, with this guidance, I believe that the 
requirement of provisions for next year will come down and with that, the 
profitability will improve next year and as we improve profitability, ROA will 
continue to improve on quarter-on- quarter basis. But exact number, I will not be 
able to share but definitely on quarter- on- quarter basis, ROA will improve on 
an on-going basis. 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Sir, related question to this. Probably ECL framework, so in terms of ECL 
framework, it has to be implemented from the next financial year. What is the 
kind of impact the bank sees and probably any study you have done, what could 
be the on-going credit cost post ECL is implemented? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, ECL guidelines are yet to be formalized by Reserve Bank of India but as a 
prudent practice, we have already started making some forward looking 
provisions like I have shared with you. Like NPA is one part where the 
provisions are bad, for which we are only getting 95pc. There can be a case, as 
the guidance given, there may be some reversal from the NPA provision which 
we are already holding. There can be but till the time it comes, I don’t know. 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Sir, final question from my side. If I even look at your break-up in terms of the 
domestic credit, even in terms of sectoral demand I see that probably most of the 
sector is picking up and NBFC is also growing strong. So could you just highlight 

 
Page | 7  
 
in terms of how are you seeing the corporate demand and what is your risk 
appetite in terms of growth? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, in corporate demand, we are very open for corporate credit. Only marking 
which we talked about while giving corporate credit is profitable growth is 
mandate. Where we are getting profitable opportunities at reasonable pricing….I 
think there is some noise coming. See if profitable growth opportunities are 
available in the corporate credit, we will definitely go for corporate credit growth 
as well. In last quarter, our corporate credit growth was not there because though 
we have sanctioned around 12000cr. of corporate credit and there was a 
disbursement of around 8000-9000cr. but there were repayments also. Out of 
those repayments, there were certain repayments for which we did not go for the 
repricing at the old rates. So there were repayments that somebody else might 
have given to them. So we are only looking at profitable growth vis a vis when 
we talk about corporate credit. So when the opportunity is there, we are not 
savvy of taking credit calls. We have been taking credit calls, that is also there 
but only where profitable opportunities are there, not at the cost of losing the 
margin. 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Sir, final question from my side. If I look at even in terms of your retail lending 
growth, which is growing at a healthy pace of 17pc and if I look at the various 
components, so the pick-up is there in vehicle loan, personal loans as well. So 
could you just articulate it in terms of what is your strategy in terms of retail 
growth? Are these two internal customers? Is it through Fintech partnerships? 
And how do you see the retail growth over a period of time? What are the 
changes you have done in the backend to see this kind of an accelerated growth? 
That’s all from me Sir. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, if we are to look at retail growth, I think retail growth is powered by our 
growth in home, growth in vehicle and growth in personal. These are the 3 
segments in retail. As far as the home loan is concerned, there we are targeting 
big ticket because if you look at current market trend, then high value premium 
houses or luxury houses market is there. So what we are trying to do is, we are 
trying to integrate, we are trying to go over project approval for all big players of 
the specific area. So our target is to go for premium segment wherever there is an 
opportunity, we will take project approval of the large builders at different 

 
Page | 8  
 
locations like Bangalore, Mumbai and Hyderabad, Kolkata, Delhi. That is one 
strategy. 2nd is, effective use of DSAs, that we are doing for this growth in our 
vehicles and growth in our home loans. 3rd thing which we are using, Fintech 
also through co-lending. So that is also being done. So these 3-4 things are being 
done. In car loan also, we are trying to tie-up with top end car dealers also 
because again going by the trend, there is corporate and SUV vehicle growth is 
good. 
−  So that is another area where we are targeting. So we have a franchise of nearly 
500-1000 branches and we are present in all parts of the country. So that is the 
way we are trying to drive and that drive will continue in the quarter to come 
next year as well. 
− Mr. Sohail: 
− Thank you sir and all the best. If I have anything more, I will come back in 
queue. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you Sohail. 
− Moderator: 
− We have the next question from Colen. You can unmute yourself and go ahead. 
− Mr. Colen: 
− Ya, good evening. My 1st question is on overseas deposit of the bank declined 
sharply. This is for which reason? What's the reason for such a sharp decline in 
overseas deposit? That’s my first question. What is your output on the NIM 
going ahead? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, overseas deposit, GM International will talk about it. I will supplement that. 
− GM – International: 
− Ya, Good afternoon. Overseas fund management, we evaluate many sources of 
funding in the overseas sector . Depending on the market liquidity, we reduce 
our bank borrowing because internationally the interest rates have tightened in 
the quarter. So accordingly, in overseas bank borrowing, this is a part of deposit. 

 
Page | 9  
 
Our customer deposit has increased quarter on quarter, half yearly and yearly 
also. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− On a case to case, scenario to scenario basis……Begusarai……please go ahead. 
− Analyst:  
− Thank you so much for the reply. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you.     
− Moderator: 
− We have the next question from the line of Mr. Sarvesh Mutha. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Sir, I had one question on the expenses line, I saw the operating expenses 
increasing 26-27% on Y-o-Y basis which has led to cost to income ratio increasing 
from 54 to 61%. Can you give some colour there? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Yes. CFO, can you reply. 
− Mr. Sujoy Dutta - CFO, UCO Bank: 
− Good afternoon. 
− Yes, the operating expenses have increased by 25% year-on-year and 26% on 
quarter-on-quarter basis. This is mainly due to the salary, the staff expenses have 
increased by quite an amount and also we have made provisions for our salary 
revision.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− 100 crores provision was made in this quarter, September 2023 it was not there. 
− Mr. Sujoy Dutta - CFO, UCO Bank: 
− Yeah, September 23 it was not there. And thereafter also the operating expenses 
in terms of rent and taxes have increased, electricity has increased and also IT 
expenditure has increased because we are putting resources for development of 

 
Page | 10  
 
IT as we are going on the digital path and for that reason some capital 
expenditure is also being made which is again hitting the depreciation because in 
any IT expenditure – capital expenditure the depreciation is 30%.  
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− So, depreciation and IT expenditure is also one of the major contributor of 
operating expenses. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− And apart from that I think one is 33 crores of CGF so there is a credit guarantee 
fees which generally used to be deducted in in March now there is a change in 
the guidelines of government of India which has been charged in September, so 
that 33 crores. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Sir, so now the wage head provision is at 15%? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Not exactly, maybe on a quarter-on-quarter basis but not exactly. We have not 
worked on a percentage basis, it may be worked out somewhere around this.  
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Okay, and sir, on advances growth we saw other banks reporting 4 to 6% 
quarter-on-quarter advances growth. But our growth has been much less. Your 
views on that, sir?   
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, growth in advances if you look at my RAM, within that retail there is a 
growth of quarter-on-quarter basis 3%, agri there is quarter-on-quarter growth of 
6%, MSME quarter-on-quarter growth of 6%, area base we have not grown in the 
corporate credit. Corporate credit we have already shared where we have not 
gone for an opportunity here there is no progress. So, only in quarter credit we 
are going for profitable growth. Whereas quarter-on-quarter I have already told 
that we have sanctioned around 12000 crores and disbursed 9000 crores for the 
Corporate Credit. But there are certain repayments and there are certain 
repayments for the re-pricing which we are not adding, certainly repayments 
were out of the surplus cashflow of the corporates, they have paid back many 

 
Page | 11  
 
times due to surplus tax. So, only quarter credit, except quarter credit all RAMs 
have grown, reasonable growth in the quarter is there. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Okay, sir, thank you, I will join back in the queue. 
− Moderator: 
− We have the next question from Sushil Choksey, you can unmute yourself and 
go ahead. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst:  
− Sir, congratulations on a stable numbers and best wishes to the team. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you Sushil Ji. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− First question, sir, based on the current management team which has come 
together in the current quarter the new team and Mr. Saboo has been stable and 
you have joined now less than 6 months. What is the strategy which UCO Bank 
is making for future growth with a 3 year/5 year outlook. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Sushilji.  See, let me tell you one thing that with our current team I 
think our Sabooji has got a good tenure and Kambleji has got a good tenure 
available and myself also only 4 months here from June onwards. So, we all have 
a stable and long tenure to go in this bank. And as far as the strategy is 
concerned one part of initiatives which I have already covered in my opening 
remarks where we have talked about, if you look in a holistic way, it was a 
difficult strategy for the entire operations like deposit and advances.  So, the 
strategy will be to go digital in a big way, drive digital adoption, drive digital 
acquisition of the customer that through TAB banking which we have already 
implemented, in a slow way we are going forward and increasing the month-to-
month basis, maybe by March we will cover 2000 branches major branches 
through TAB banking, and as far as this is one part. Second is our cyber security 
as I have told we are enhancing our cyber security tools and we are 
implementing latest technologies for cyber security as well. Technology 
infrastructure I also shared with you, wherever technology gaps are there, IT 

 
Page | 12  
 
infrastructure we are improving by bringing in latest available technology. We 
are modernizing our treasury operations also for which RFP has already been 
floated and we are looking into the matter and we will be onboarding that 
shortly. We are working to strengthen our satellite operations on forex and trade 
finance, we will be bringing the latest trade finance technology also. So, that is 
from digital and IT infrastructure product basis. So far as growth of credit is 
concerned, our focus will continue to remain on retail, agri and MSME because 
we are a retail bank, we don't want to lose our focus so our RAM segment will 
continue to be around 61 to 62%. And for that as I told we will be entering into 
tie-ups or the project approval of big builders by offering lucrative and also 
competitive rates and continue to be competitive in the market so we will be 
entering into a tie up with the big named developers and even car dealers, high 
end car dealers also. In the corporate credit we will be margin conscious, we will 
continue to remain margin conscious. Based on opportunity we will go for 
corporate credit also. During this quarter also if I have to share the number I 
think 4000 crores infrastructure credit we have sanctioned that is around 4000 
rupees, sorry 3200. So this also will get disbursed over a period of time in 2-3 
years. So these are all the numbers which will increase our corporate book on an 
immediate basis. So, next quarter also this quarter also we focus on sanctioning 
loans, project loans and working capital loans. There the margins are not AAA 
rated and we being a mid-sized bank we try to focus on mid segments so there 
we will get some good margins. So whereas strategy or the slippage control, our 
monitoring will continue in the same way. We have already given, placed PO for 
setting up state of the art call centres using AI and ML so that will help us in 
bringing focus  and more control over our slippages in the quarter to come. We 
are also bringing, one more thing was there was there EDW. That project is also 
on and the ED has just reviewed 3-4 days back progress, so data analytics will be 
once that will be stabilized we will be setting up centre of excellence, analytics 
centre of excellence also for automatic data generation so that we can cross sell 
the product. So, all these things are being put in place to strive for a sustainable 
growth, sustainable asset quality in the times to come.  
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Sir, if I intervene your reply and ask you a questions, which experience of 
yourself from OBC/PNB and Indian Bank and a great success visible in Indian 
Bank. Mr. Sabooji has rich experience from PNB and Mr. Kamble comes with rich 
turnaround experience of Bank of Maharashtra. Now, UCO Bank team has 
decided in taking a lot of initiatives to strengthen the bank from digital 
perspective and credit perspective where quality is the priority. Quality and 

 
Page | 13  
 
credit both are priority. I am sure the demand where housing loans or home 
loans or auto loans or personal loans is huge because you are sitting with a huge 
CASA base. You are in East you have a monopoly to a great extent compared to 
other banks. Most of the northern and western banks don't penetrate in your 
area. How are we increasing the growth where retail and RAM is concerned on 
each customer acquisition specifically on experience with TAT which can become 
the biggest positive impact where each customer is concerned. And where credit 
to corporate is concerned our focus is on quality, pricing I accept and to be in the 
marketplace, however we are strengthening our hands within the financial 
centres and UCO Bank’s headquarters for strengthening the process that you 
have a good marketshare compared to the first half. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, Chokseyji, I will answer in 3-4 parts because there are a number of things 
you have talked about. First is the customer acquisition in the east and the TAT, 
see for customer acquisition our earlier approach was walk-in customer only we 
never had any infrastructure to reach out to the customer’s place and we were 
totally dependent on the walk-in customers and customer acquisition would take 
time and quality of the customer was also not upto the middle level or upper 
level customers. So, that was the reason we decided to bring TAB banking and 
once it is now being made available to the branches so, now the outreach will be 
there and TAT for account opening we have introduced maybe in 10 minutes or 
maybe 5 minutes, or we need to open digitally at customers place, maybe at 
workplace, so customer acquisition part will be taken care.  So far as credit 
customer part is there.  Again, now we have already implemented loan 
processing system, loan origination system, which takes care of TAT at least from 
the branch table once it reaches, but where we are lacking in TAT from the 
customer level.  So, now with this digital onboarding of our FinTech partners 
and knowledge partners will be working on customer facing journey.  So, the 
TAT will be monitored from the customer point of view and every effort then 
once the monitoring is there then I think the TAT will automatically get reduced 
over a period of time, but even that currently around 63 journeys are through 
LPS where the TAT is being monitored very closely, but to penetrate the market, 
our focus will be repeating to tighten up the top bidder which are into the luxury 
apartment in the premium segment either in home loan or in the car loan 
engaged reputed DSAs in markets and originate loans from that.  Along with 
that, we will be catering into a co-lending arrangement also with the reputed 
NBFCs, we have already entered into co-lending arrangement and on retail 
segment or agri, we will continue to enter where ever the opportunity is there.  

 
Page | 14  
 
Third is corporate credit growth.  No doubt corporate credit profitable growth is 
the motto and quality corporate credit with the profitable, profitable does not 
mean that we wanted super abnormal profits.  We want at least reasonable 
pricing above my cost.  So, that is the only Mantra where we will target that at 
least we are able to achieve our cost.  If I'm raising my deposit, let us say around 
7% or 7.2%, there is no point in lending at less than 7.2%.  If I get even 5-10 bips 
or 15 bips more than that, I think that all those types of opportunities we can 
explore, but anything less than one pricing I think it will be eating out my 
margins, so our focus will be to retain the marker and go for a profitable - 
reasonable profitable growth, not    
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Sir, sorry, I'm interrupting in your reply.  I accept that you will be doing well on 
housing loan and auto loan, can you differentiate over the previous year the 
current housing loan ticket size and average auto loan ticket size? Is it the 
premium segment when you mean it is 1-crore average ticket for housing loan 
which you are targeting or a 5-crore housing loan ticket? Where auto loans are 
concerned, you're looking at 20-30 lakh bracket or you're looking at lower 
segment? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, as GM retail, can you share that during this current quarter what was ticket 
size of the new onboarding and previous quarter was the ticket size, if you have, 
if you have the data can you share separately? 
− GM Retail, UCO Bank: 
− Sir, on and average ticket size as of today, it is somewhere around 60 lakhs.  We 
are targeting all the customers maybe one crore and above or less than one crore 
because in small zones, in small towns we are getting small tickets and metro 
zones we are getting ticket size of 1 crore and above and in previous quarter it 
was somewhere around 40 lakhs.  In car loan segment, average ticket size, which 
was 6-7 lakhs, now it has crossed somewhere around 10 lakhs. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Thank you for answering that question. 
 

 
Page | 15  
 
− GM Retail, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Sir. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Now, Yeah, your digital initiatives, all the other initiatives in back office, 
strengthening credit process, touch points, tab banking, I appreciate it will take 
three months, six months for the entire bank to roll out and adoptions.  Sir, the 
key to you can buy all technologies because you have the strength to buy all 
technology because money is available within your bank, you are profitable Sir, 
but how are you going to overcome or you already have in-house talent to 
manage this process whether 200 or 500 offices on retail are concerned, 200 
people on corporate is concerned, I was talking on a PAN India, how are we 
strengthening our human resource team with all the technology enablers 
compared to a normal bank which is functioning and who's likely to compete 
with you? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Sushil ji, I appreciate that you have a valid point.  See so far as talent is required 
last to last board, our board has already approved to on-board required talent 
having skill set for the matches like for Analytics Center of Excellence or the 
EDW, we need Data Scientists, we need Data Analyst, so that policy has already 
been approved by our board for onboarding that type of skill level people with a 
competitive market salary.  So, if I want to onboard anybody in our bank let us 
say scale 2, scale 3 probably with that type of skill people will not come.  So that 
is the reason, our board has already approved that policy and last board, we 
have got approval for inducting how many GM-HRM sir? 
− Management: 
− 127. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− No, no, only skilled development, 127 means you are including the AFO? 
− Management: 
− No excluding it. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

 
Page | 16  
 
− Digital? 
− Management: 
− Digital? 127 Specialist which comprises of digital, IT, software developers and 
economists, and data analyst, and MIS. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− MIS, so around 127 people requirement has already been approved and we will 
be onboarding them on a contractual basis, where we can offer them a 
competitive salary. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Sir, now my next question before I jump into the queue for other participant.  Sir, 
everybody has spoken about retail and corporate credit looking at what has 
happened in this week between US Fed, global turmoil led in Middle East, the 
yields have come up at least in the West.  How are you positioned to reap the 
harvest in treasury from the current status in next quarters to come have you 
built a HTM book? Have you built the AFS book? because rules and regulation 
for next quarter are going to - next year are going to change.  So, how dynamic is 
our situation?  If we do well in corporate, we do well in retail, and if we do well 
in treasury, I think you will take off on a better stage from Calcutta than some 
other city in India. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Sir, I would request the ED, Saboo ji, who is looking after treasury, I think it will 
be nice if he replies to your question. 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo -- Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− So, yes Sushil ji, you are raising a valid question that we also have a treasury 
which is means having a sizable investment book and as you can see from our 
presentation also, so our total gross investments are around 97,000 crore and 
year-on-year it has come down, but quarter-on-quarter it has shown an increase, 
little bit increase.  So, we are already, you can see that our CD ratio is around 
67%, but our investment ratio is very high, already we are holding 27% SLR 
security as against required 18% SLR.  So, we are having surplus SLR, but it's still 
as the yields have risen in the market due to various reasons so we have also 
started building up our investments in selective matter wherever we are seeing 

 
Page | 17  
 
good yields coming.  So, we have little bit increased our investment book that 
you can see, but as on 30th September also and it is being continued, wherever we 
are getting good yields, we are trying to increase in selective basis and we will be 
taking benefit, advantage of this increase to both ways either through yield 
increase, our yield on investment will increase, so our acquisition of security is 
better and another is like if we see some correction in the yields since we see 
some downfall and we can book some profit also, some trading profit also, so 
that also opportunity we are looking for in times to come, but overall long-term 
is already we have discussed that we are putting more focus on our credit book, 
so we will be trying to increase our CD ratio and reduce our investment ratio 
because as we also see that cost of deposit is also a factor and overall yield on 
investment is lesser than the yield on advances.  So, if we can shift a certain part 
of lower yielding investment into the advances, it will also help us in increasing 
our needs.  So, we are maintaining the book and selectively enquiring new 
investments also, but simultaneously we will be looking for the opportunities to 
book profits as well and the maturities will also happen as and when it is due.  
So, that is the overall strategy in the investment book.  You can see our duration 
has also increased to 2.93 from 2.7. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− Saboo ji, my next question to you is based on the current yield, will you target 
some CPs or NCD, which is rewarding you for the next three- or six-months 
short-term paper because interest rates are peeking out is what the market is 
speculating.  I have no judgment, but hearing at Business Standard event the 
governor, what Fed has indicated growth is there and corporate AAA, AA 
maybe give you a reasonable rate of return based on your CD ratio.  My one 
question will be to invest on that and say last question is where do you see your 
CD ratio at FY24? 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo -- Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− So, yes, investment also includes the non-SLR investment as well as.  As we are 
taking up SLR investments, simultaneously we are also looking for good yield in              
non-SLR investments particularly in the NCD space where we can have around 
two-year, three-year papers and attract good yield. On top corporates so that also 
selectively we are going for.  So, we are process of that aspect also to increase our 
overall investment book.  As far as the CD ratio is concerned, I think MD Sir can 
guide as to where we want to reach in the CD ratio work. 
 

 
Page | 18  
 
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− See, Sushil ji, first I think you talked about AFS.  If you look at our AFS from last 
quarter, we have increased net around 1700 crore. So, there is certain maturities 
after even having maturities that has also been redeployed and we have 
increased by 1,700 crores and second thing is about CD ratio.  See, if you look at 
quarter-on-quarter basis our CD ratio is improving.  So, we will continue to see 
improvement in CD ratio and it will be our endeavor that we touch at least 70% 
CD ratio in March which will be endeavor, but again it really depends upon the 
opportunities available in the market and how the deposit side pans out, but our 
endeavor will be to reach to 70% at least during this financial year. 
− Mr. Sushil Choksey – Analyst: 
− And rightly said by Governor Shaktikanta Das that good times are there for 
public sector and private sector banks.  I wish a good luck to UCO Bank team 
with a good TAT to be visible in years to come. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you. 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo -- Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, Sushil ji. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, Sir.  We have a next question from Mr. Sarvesh Mutha.  Sarvesh, you 
can unmute yourself. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Sir, if you can just give out your margin guidance once again and also your 
advances book break up, MCLR repo and fixed and how much of the repricing is 
still left on the MCLR book, just give out that number? 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 

 
Page | 19  
 
− Yeah, I'll.  Give me a second.  Yes.  See our MCLR book is around 40% and our 
repo rate book is around 45.54% and this is the combination almost in the last 
quarter and current quarter and repo rate book is little high also because there 
are certain corporates PSU which have been sanctioned line of credit and they 
have given short term or WCTL maybe three months or six months linked to 
repo.  So, that is the reason that our repo rate portfolio is around 45% and overall 
repricing of our MCLR book, I think how much is left out?  Shashi, can you tell? 
− Mr. Shashi – UCO Bank: 
− 25%-30%. 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− 25%-30% only and similarly retail asset also maybe 15% to 20% like retail 
liability, so matching around 15% to 20% and 15% to 20% size.  So, that is the 
repricing from both sides available. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− So overall not much scope for margin improvement going ahead if asset 
enlargement   . 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− No margin improvement, it may not be there, but protection of margin if we are 
able to achieve, that will also be a big achievement because of that rising interest 
cost on deposit that is creating pressure margin.  So, as in this quarter we have 
been able to maintain the margin.  So, going forward also if we are able to 
maintain the margin, I think that will be big achievement. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Mutha – Analyst: 
− Thank you, Sir.  Thank you for your detailed answer.  That will be from my side. 
− Moderator: 
− As there are no further questions, I would like to thank the management team of 
UCO Bank for giving Antique Stockbroking the opportunity to organize this call.  
I will hand over the call to MD Sir for his closing remarks. 
 

 
Page | 20  
 
 
− Mr. Ashwani Kumar – MD & CEO, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you, all the analysts and thank you Antique team for conducting this con 
call and to all the analyst for attending to the call and we look forward for your 
support.  Thank you all for joining.  Thank you. 
− Mr. Rajendra Kumar Saboo -- Executive Director, UCO Bank: 
− Thank you. 
− Moderator: 
− Thank you, Sir.  Everyone can disconnect the lines. 
 
~End of Transcript~ 
 
