Nestlé India Limited 
(CIN : L15202DL1959PLC003786)                                                                                                                                              
Nestlé House 
Jacaranda Marg, ‘M’ Block, DLF City, Phase – II 
Gurugram – 122002, Haryana 
Phone 0124 - 3940000 
E-mail: investor@in.nestle.com 
Website www.nestle.in 
Regd. Office: 100 / 101, World Trade Centre, Barakhamba Lane, New Delhi – 110 001 
 
PKR:SG: 75:23                     
    31st October 2023 
 
BSE Limited      
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Mumbai – 400001 
 
 
 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051  
 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 500790 
 
 
 
NSE Symbol: NESTLEIND 
 
 
Subject: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
(“Listing Regulations”): Transcript of analysts and institutional investors meet on the unaudited 
financial results and business performance for the period ended 30th September 2023 
 
Dear Madam/ Sir, 
 
Further to our letter PKR:SG: 72:23 and PKR:SG: 73:23 dated 25th October 2023 and 26th October 2023, 
respectively, please find enclosed transcript of the analysts and institutional investors meet on the unaudited 
financial results and business performance for the period ended 30th September 2023. The same is also being 
uploaded on the website of the Company at https://www.nestle.in/investors/analystsmeet.   
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours truly, 
 
NESTLÉ INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
PRAMOD KUMAR RAI  
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl.: as above                                                          
 
 
 
 
PRAMOD 
KUMAR RAI
Digitally signed by 
PRAMOD KUMAR 
RAI 
Date: 2023.10.31 
17:23:21 +05'30'

Page 1 of 64 
 
 
 
 
 
“Nestlé India Limited” 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Speakers: 
Mr. Suresh Narayanan, Chairman and Managing Director 
 
Ms. Svetlana Boldina, Executive Director, Finance and Control and 
Chief Financial Officer 
 
Mr. Sanjay Khajuria, Head of Corporate Affairs and Sustainability 
 
Mr. T.S. Venkateswaran, Head of Legal 
 
Mr. Pramod Kumar Rai, Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer 
 
Ms. Simar Kahlon, Market Safety Head and Environment 
Sustainability Manager 
 
Ms. Ambereen Ali Shah, Head of Media Relations. 
 
Special Invitee:         Mr. Jagdeep Marahar, Head of Nestlé R&D Centre India Private 
Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of Societe des Produits, Nestlé 
SA)  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 64 
 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
Good afternoon everyone. A warm welcome to Nestlé India's Analysts and 
Institutional Investors Meet 2023, this time in a hybrid format. We are excited to 
host in our Head Office after a gap of over three years and happy to see many 
of you join in virtually.  
I am Ambereen Ali Shah, Head Media Relations. 
 
Today I have with me senior colleagues from Nestlé India's Management team,  
Mr. Suresh Narayanan, Chairman and Managing Director 
Ms. Svetlana Boldina, Executive Director, Finance and Control and Chief 
Financial Officer 
Mr. Sanjay Khajuria, Head Corporate Affairs and Sustainability 
Mr. T.S. Venkateswaran, Head Legal 
Mr. Pramod Rai, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer.  
We also have a special invitee, Mr. Jagdeep Marahar, Head of Nestlé  R&D 
Centre India Private Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of Societe des Produits, 
Nestlé SA)  
I would now like to invite my colleague, Ms. Simar Kahlon, Market Safety Head 
and Environment Sustainability Manager, to deliver the safety briefing. 
Simar Kahlon: 
Thank you, Ambereen. Good afternoon to all the guests. I'm here to give you 
the safety briefing regarding two emergency scenarios that we envisage for this 
building. The first one is that of fire and the second one is that of an earthquake. 
 
Our head office building is equipped with the state-of-the-art detection and 
mitigating measures for the fire. Therefore, in case any fire is detected on any 
floor, you will hear a public announcement to kindly evacuate the building. 
Please use the two emergency exits. One is at the back of the room that you 
can see and one is here in the front. Please take the same route that you took 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 64 
 
to come inside the building, which is the main entrance and assemble at the 
front lawns and you will be further guided by a crisis manager at the moment. 
 
The second emergency is that of an earthquake. In case we feel any tremors, 
do not evacuate immediately. Please wait for the tremors to stop, and when you 
hear the public announcement to evacuate the building, then kindly take the 
same route and assemble on the front lawns. So there's no fire drill plan for 
today and we hope there is no untoward happening in the building today. I wish 
you a very safe meeting. Thank you. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
Thank you, Simar. Before we begin, I will read out our disclaimer. This 
presentation may contain statements that reflect the management's current 
views and estimates that could be construed as forward-looking. You are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. The 
future involves uncertainties and risks that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from the current views being expressed. 
 
Volume and mix and organic growth are on the basis of Nestlé's internal 
reporting standard. Figures are regrouped and reclassified to make them 
compatible. Calculations are based on non-rounded figures. Analytical data are 
best estimates to facilitate understanding of business and not meant to reconcile 
reported figures. I would like request the team to show the disclaimer please for 
a minute.  
I will now request Mr. Narayanan to please take over and make his presentation 
themed “Growing together consistently today and tomorrow”. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. And as always, it's a privilege for me to 
talk to all of you. You are part of my extended family, and since you have seen 
me for some years now, you kind of know the tone of music and you can kind of 
predict the scores. But I think this time around, I thought I'll do it a little bit 
differently. Typically, you're all very seasoned analysts and investors and you 
attend two kinds of investor meetings. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 64 
 
 
The first investor meeting is when you're bazookaed with loads of information, 
loads of data, very difficult charts that you can barely read and you have to 
decipher it only after the meeting is over to see what exactly has been said. So, 
that is called management by data. The other set is where there are a lot of 
homilies and truths and promises, but devoid of too much of on the ground 
content in terms of what really is happening. 
 
I do realize your predicament because you have to make your judgments, your 
calls on not just the Company and its performance, but also in the management 
and ethos and how the organization is going to evolve over a period of time. And 
therefore, this time around, what I thought I would really title my presentation, 
and I hope I live up to this as we go forward, is to talk about growing together 
consistently today and tomorrow. 
 
So it's not really about what we have done, but what is it that we do. So why do 
we do what we do and what makes us who we are? I think those for me are 
more compelling questions that you need to ask as investors, because data only 
shows you one part of it. It shows you only the facade that you would like to see 
of what performance is. But what is under the bonnet and how the engine 
operates is something that can be quite different. And that's really what we 
would like to focus on. 
 
So therefore, my heartiest welcome to all 30 of you here. I think this is the post-
COVID, the first meeting that we have had in the dual form of having it both 
personal and also online. And I believe there are about 113, 114 people who 
already joined online. A hearty welcome to each one of them as well from 
different parts of India and indeed from different parts of the world as well. 
 
So today for the next hour or so, I will take you through this journey. This journey 
is full of what we look at as opportunities, what is it that we've achieved as an 
organization, as a team. And I am like the sutradhar, like the person who tells 
you the story about what Nestlé is. And there are many, many, many people 
who are behind it. And that's what makes the story that much more interesting. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 64 
 
 
At the end of it all, I do hope to leave you with a certain set of messages or 
mantras as it were to define how is it that we would like to continue our journey 
and a journey in these times where we have at least two full-blown wars if not 
three full-blown wars across the world. The Russia-Ukraine one is now become 
a little bit old hat. It has been around for about two years. And the latest 
conflagration in the Middle East and its manifestations of what can happen to 
geopolitics is anybody's guess. 
 
And I do not think it is my role as the Chairman of this Company to even 
prognosticate on that. But all of this is clearly going to have its own challenges 
as far as the organization and society and India is concerned, which is 
something that we have to factor in as we look at the further course of our 
business. So, what is it that I will be talking about in brief? Firstly, I will take you 
on a five-year journey. 
 
You have been seeing me from 2015 when we had the burning deck of MAGGI 
and many of you I remember attended the analyst meet with some amount of 
trepidation saying what will this Company be able to do with itself? Can it really 
come out of the quagmire in which it finds itself and can it put itself on the path 
of growth, profitability, performance and contribution over a period of time? 
 
So I'm really chasing it back from 2018, which is when we were kind of getting 
back on our feet because 2016 was when we, 2015 end is when we came back 
with MAGGI and then 2016 was a little bit of a buildup to it. And there was also 
the base effect, so it wasn't really the most appropriate time to make a 
prognostication for the future. 
 
2017 is when the engine started and 2018 is when a lot of the initiatives that we 
will be talking of today really got kicked off. So looking back what we promised 
and what we delivered, emerging, exciting, aspiring India, our business is all 
about consumer marketing. We are a brand marketing Company with its core of 
brands that have been around for a long time, establishing certain propositions 
that have stood the test of time. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 64 
 
 
That's who we are. And we operate in the consumer context, which is rapidly 
changing. And I think it's important for us to understand the context of the 
change, the rise of the new consumer cohort. And the third element is really our 
heartbeat five P's. I've always believed that an organization is more than the 
numbers that it manifests. 
 
For us, it is purpose, people, planet, partnerships, and performance. All of it 
comes together. That's what makes Nestlé. And that's how I would hope and 
pray that we continue to be as an organization as a healthy amalgam of these 
five elements that goes to make corporate performance. And last but not the 
least, the key takeaways. What is it that I would have said, you would be 
definitely having many more takeaways than what I have said, but at least what 
I've articulated would be encompassed in terms of the key takeaways that I will 
be talking to you about. 
 
So what did we say in 2018? Firstly, we were coming out of a situation where 
we were bruised, we were hurt as an organization. I think it was an existential 
crisis that we faced as a Company. So we came out of it with a clear indication, 
with a clear path, that we need to be a much larger footprint than who we are in 
terms of the brand that we have and in terms of the categories and promise that 
we have got. 
 
So innovation at the core, improvise but act. A perfection is not the journey we 
sought, improvisation is the journey that we sought. Because it is very easy to 
go on the perfect path and launch something after 20 years when it is too late. 
It is another thing to improvise and to be able to use the benefit of science, 
technology and data to be able to improvise as we go along and make whatever 
will happen. 
 
And today my colleague Jagdeep Marahar will tell you the other side of what we 
are as a Company, the R&D side and the global footprint and how we operate 
in the Indian context. Managed for market shares, our growth should be greater 
than category growth. We are blessed to have poll positions in many categories, 
but these are all highly competitive categories. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 64 
 
 
I don't think anybody, ladies and gentlemen, has given Nestlé a free lunch. We 
have had to earn and we have had to sweat and we have had to bury our heads 
in order to get whatever points of market share that we have got in order to make 
ourselves worthy of the consumer choice. 
 
Third, key efficiency enhancement through Nestlé Business Excellence, that 
was the start of the business excellence journey as we came out of this 
bouldering deck to see how we were able to resurrect the organization in terms 
of efficiencies and in terms of costs to be able to make a better contribution as 
we went along. Speed, sharpness, and sustainability. Speed became a mantra 
for us. 
 
Speed over perfection. Being fast, focused and flexible is something that I've 
been talking about for eight years now, nine years going. The reason is because 
the world is not waiting for you to change. It's changing dynamically. And 
organizations and leaderships that are caught up in the time warp of the past or 
assuming that things are going to be their way, I think are making a fatal mistake. 
And that means that you get some things right and some things wrong.  
 
And I'm open enough to say that at Nestlé, we got some things right and some 
things not so right, but that's part of the journey. If you're not tried at all, I don't 
think you have any reason to count yourself as being successful. So speed, 
sharpness and sustainability. A growth dimension, we came out of a bruising 
crisis where we said to ourselves, we will thrive and not survive. 
 
It's a mindset issue. The mindset is important in an organization of 8,000-9,000 
people. If everybody is looking at survival as an instinct, being able to make my 
next week's sale, if that is going to be the only survival instinct that you have, 
you cannot think three years on, five years on. So the task of leadership is to 
get the mindset into a thriving mode and to look at opportunities rather than 
survival mode. 
 
And that's something that we've been working on. I would not say it is to 
perfection. There are still parts of the journey that we are still traversing but I 
think by and large we are where we are. The recognition that India is diverse 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 64 
 
and that there is no spray and pray model as we have applied in the past which 
is fundamentally to take a mix and to throw it at some part of the country open 
pray that it sticks there. And thereby we'll be able to make a stronger proposition 
as we move forward is a thing of the past. 
 
So today, using the power of digital analytics and investment in infrastructure, 
we have had clusters, micro-targeting and resourcing for action. This was a 
dream then, a thought then. And that thought has later on got action. Action 
engagements with the environment and issues thereof. Environment not only 
means the environment as we understand it, climate and the issues around it 
and sustainability that is around it, but also environment in being able to be 
proactive in terms of what is changing around us. 
 
And I think that also involves a degree of proactivity and action that is deliberate 
and that is conscious and not something that is unconscious. And finally, 
something that I am very, very passionate about is people, passion, progress 
as a way of life. I fundamentally believe that the history of companies will be 
written on the achievements of the talent that they have got.  
 
Companies can come with a great amount of investments, great factories, huge 
offices and tremendous infrastructural capabilities and data capabilities. But 
they do not, if they do not have 500 people or 100 people to make that 
difference, it's going to go kaput. Any industry and the consumer goods industry 
is especially prone to it. There are companies which have moved on the digital 
path and forgotten that there is a road that has to be walked called the bazaar. 
 
There is a relationship that has to be built with a retailer. There is somebody 
called a distributor who has been around for donkey's years. And there is also 
a retailer who decides when to buy and how to buy apart from the consumer 
who is for him the ultimate person that he is catering to. That relationship 
between what would be digital data analytics and feet on the ground, dust and 
grime is the difference that people make to the organization. 
 
And that's something that I'll also be briefly talking to you about. Let me take the 
first piece, emerging, exciting, aspiring India is the rise of the new consumer 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 64 
 
cohort. Those of us who are sitting in the world believing that consumers are by 
and large homogenous, by and large consistent in behavior, by and large 
conscious of the decisions that they take, and by and large coherent in terms of 
the path that they take, I think are making a fatal mistake. Because the 
consumer journey has undergone a tremendous change. 
 
This change is spawning not only new consumption platforms and new startups 
that are in the space of ensuring that they are able to make the link with the 
consumer. At the same time, some of the older companies have worked to 
rethink their own strategies as to how to approach this consumer and how to 
make things happen. And I think that's really the excitement in this journey. 
There is a data that all of you are aware of, the fifth largest global economy 
getting to be the fourth, hopefully by 2030, when we might overtake Japan. 
 
That's the hope that we have got. 1.4 billion consumers which is the better part 
of the world put together. So, I do not think there is ever going to be a 
consumption problem. The problem in India is going to be how do you trigger 
that consumption. And in fact, there are enough articles that have been written 
that the problem is not on consumption, the problem is really going to be on 
supply. That seems to be the theory that is also doing the rounds. Whatever it 
is, I think it's a fairly significant opportunity. 
I would rather be in a country which has got an opportunity of a billion people 
than sit in a country which has got opportunity of 400,000 people. And that's 
also declining as the years go by, even though they are extremely wealthy and 
they have a lot of money in their pockets and willingness in their hearts. 
The last one, the addressable population. And this is the addressable population 
as far as Nestlé is concerned. So this is not the addressable population if you 
were talking to other companies, maybe the size of the price is different. I want 
to define to you that the 487 million is basically what we call the striving and the 
middle class of the country. 
This 487 million is likely to go to about 700 odd million in the next couple of 
years, probably by 2030 there is enough estimate to say that this will become 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 64 
 
the consuming class. This consuming class is our focus. It is not to say that we 
have no interest in the rest of the population. It is just to say that the primary 
bread and butter of this Company would come from the 487 million people who 
habit this particular class. 
It is therefore, the rising middle class and consumption driven growth. If you look 
at India itself, whatever statistics that has been published that is of some 
reliability shows that the total food and beverage market, all categories put 
together, lose and package is about $800 billion, $790 billion to $800 billion. 
If you look at the packaged food and beverage, it is about a $100 billion, it is 
about one eighth. If you look at the branded packaged F&B, it is about $40 
billion. So, you can see that the play between $40 billion and $800 billion is still 
allowing us tremendous room for innovation, for growth, for channels, for 
aspirations, for categories, for brands. 
That is what makes the food market that much more exciting. Penetration levels 
are still and I will come to that relatively modest, not to say they are low, but they 
are modest and I think there is still an opportunity. So, therefore, whether we 
call it the bird of gold which was a McKinsey report or whether we call it the rise 
of India's new middle class or whether we call it creating the $6 trillion 
opportunity, all of this is pointing to the fact that there is a larger number that is 
there that still is leaving a lot of room, headroom for growth. 
And that is really the opportunity that consumers and that consumers are looking 
for and that players like us, players like Nestlé need to play up to over a period 
of time. So, while I know that everyone gets concerned about consumptions and 
demands and volume growths in the last quarter, in the last two quarters, last 
three quarters, ladies and gentlemen, here's the proposition. 
The proposition is the fact that these data points will be blips in the curve. If you 
really were to look at the opportunity that companies and organizations can 
leverage into the future, can leverage, whether they do it or not, time will tell, but 
at least they can leverage into the future. And that is the mindset that we have 
at Nestlé. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 64 
 
I have never once, and having been the business head here for a long time, I've 
never once told my people, please correlate GDP growth with your growth. It's 
meaningless. Whether the GDP grows at 6% or 60%, my penetration levels 
remain at 40% to 50% to maybe 80% on an annual basis. I still have enough 
headroom and I play with the math 800 billion total market, 41 billion packaged 
branded package F&B, 1:20 is the play that we've got. 
So therefore, that is the kind of approach that you would like to take as far as 
our own market is concerned. Rise of new India, I think this is something that is 
really helping. It's helping in more ways than one. The first of course is the digital 
India, which is 1.2 billion mobile users. I know this data is fairly common, so 
therefore kindly excuse my sharing this data with you, but it is to prove a certain, 
build a certain context of where we see the consumption evolving. 
20 GB per capita data consumption per month. It is huge. I know most of it is 
videos, but nevertheless, it is still a significant consumption of data that we've 
got. Infrastructure will rise 29 kilometers of road built per day for the last eight, 
10 years. This has tangible impact on the Rurbanisation plan of the Company. 
Tangible impact. I'm able to make distribution happen. I am able to make 
availability happen, I am able to reduce the cost of distribution, I am able to 
make access possible, I am able to make sustainability possible. So, this is not 
just nice to know stuff facts of India, this is leading to economic growth and 
development as I see it on the ground. 
100% rural electrification, I think we all know the benefit of getting some amount 
of electricity and light into your lives. 470 million Gen Z population, we have the 
largest Gen Z population in the world. This Gen Z population is a very different 
kettle of fish as compared to all of us. I'm very happy that this office here that 
you have come to is 80% millennials and Gen Z. The office is made in a 
particular way, right? It is not my gen. It is the next, next gen that's here. 
Their aspirations and their ways of thinking on brands is quite different. And 
that's really what we look at as a Company. UPI transactions, 10 billion. This 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 64 
 
data is also a little bit dated. It's probably closer to 12 billion now and INR1.5 
trillion of transactions. 
Interesting to note that when I traveled to a village close to Patna and I asked 
the retailer, how much of your payment is done through cash? He says, 20%. 
80% is done through either a PhonePe or one of the other Paytm or one of the 
other apps. And he says, sir, the biggest advantage is I don't have to handle 
cash anymore. 
I'm scared because here people will come and rob me of my cash if I'm not 
careful. That is the transformation that is taking place. So issues of pricing, 
coinage, INR5.95 paisa, INR4.75 paisa getting out gradually. Yes, still cash is 
king and cash is still important, but these issues are becoming a little bit more 
things of the past. 
Entrepreneurial rise I think this is fueling also a lot of positive energy. I look at it 
positively, I think there are statements being made that look there is enough of 
local competition and therefore, we have to fear local competition, I do not. Local 
competition helps all of us to redefine and recalibrate ourselves even better than 
what we are. 
And I think in their development is the development of the category. Imagine if 
there are 200 more of these unicorns that enter the food space. The entire food 
ecosystem can go dramatically up from that 40 odd billion, right, to 70, 80, 100 
billion. That's good for the country, it's good for the consumer, it's good for all of 
us, because all of us will wake up and do things that we have not done before. 
Competition is the biggest elixir to make competitiveness happen. If you're all 
sitting in that, in a space where nobody comes and touches us, we will do exactly 
what we feel like. And that's what was the situation of the consumer 30, 40 years 
ago. So, that is I think becoming different and of course, annual FDI which is 
also fairly significant. 
The iron truth about India, I think this is the other one which is interesting. Urban 
35% population, rural 65% population we all know it, we all know it pretty well. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 64 
 
What is more interesting is the premiumization of India. Today in the nutrition 
category for example, 30% is the nutrition, premium nutrition contribution and 
yet affordable snacks below INR10 is 72% of the market. 
Premium is important, price point is also important. A Company that is looking 
at a pure premium strategy will have a niche play, but a larger Company would 
definitely look at all these price points. Penetration monthly category penetration 
I made the point earlier to you, anywhere between 10% to 50% monthly, annual 
penetration 80%. 
Penetration defined as the number of times that a consumer has bought a brand 
during the last 1 year. Buys it once, gets counted in 80. Buys it once a month, it 
gets counted in the 10 to 50. That is the difference. Therefore, the strategy that 
we have had as a Company which has been initiated and I know you are all 
bored of listening to this is penetration led volume growth. 
I keep telling my people that we sell cases, we sell eaches, we sell packs, we 
do not sell rupees, we get rupees. So it is important that that perspective be 
taken care of because again on a per capita package food consumption, we are 
much smaller than China which is about 4.2x, much smaller than Philippines 
which is 3.3x. 
There is a huge headroom here, I am not saying this as a promise, I am saying 
this as something that we need to remember in this sector. It is not going to be 
easy, it is not going to be all achieved in 1 year or 2 years, but the light at the 
end of the tunnel in a category that is large, in a category that is under 
represented, in a category that is decent is far better than in a category that is 
plotted, clogged and completely bereft of any growth opportunities. 
And that's really where we are as far as food and beverage is concerned. 
Connected, I think we talked about mobile usership and internet users. I think 
we see it every day. The less I belabor on this, the better. And yet we have the 
traditional media as well, 892 million people who are television viewers. That's 
an important dimension of what we are as a country. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 64 
 
Lifestyle trends. So I talked about the economy, I talked about the infrastructure, 
I talked about consumption, urban, rural, premiumization. Here I am zeroing in 
on the lifestyle trends of the Gen Zs and millennials. Why is this important? 
Because this is the consumption of the future. Any Company that tells you that 
I am looking at consumers amorphously and I am really not bothered, I know 
what age, what gender, what background they are, I'm making a fatal mistake. 
Because this is where the market is going with 470 million people who hopefully 
will have pockets, money in their pockets one day soon enough. Many of them 
spend, even if they don't have money in their pockets right now, right,? They 
happen to be our kids, right? Still will be on these behaviors that we are talking 
about. 
First, natural, fresh, sustainable, 90 million out of that 400 odd million is health 
conscious individuals and that is the finding of Redseer Consulting, Kantar. So, 
these are all data that we have put together. Realization, who says people watch 
television extensively? Today it's all about Facebook Reels. 22% more 
engagement, Instagram Reels gets more engagement than other Instagram 
posts. 
So communication has to be pretty frequent and catchy. It has to catch the eye. 
That puts the enormous pressure on the creative consumer insight capabilities 
and data capabilities of companies. But I should know what I'm talking about. 
And for that, I have to measure, for which I have to go to real-time data, 
capability of the organization to absorb real-time data, to be able to take those 
decisions. 
It's not just an algorithm that throws up something to you. Somebody has to sit 
there and figure it out. That's why the talent piece is so very important because 
you have the right people, you can make that happen. Experiences, identity and 
personalization, 70% are seeking personalized services and products. 
It's an opportunity and a challenge. How can companies get, and for example, 
the D2C channel for us is a channel where experiences and personalization will 
be something that will be pursuing to. Because that is where I can give it. Today 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 64 
 
at scale, I am not able to do it. I can’ t have a  MAGGI just made for you. I still 
have not reached that stage. 
But hopefully I will be able to carry some of my brands on D2C to be able to 
customize it to consumers and see how that works. How to customize services? 
I want to have a nutrition feedback. I want to have some counseling done. I go 
to the D2C site, I fix up with a doctor of my choice or whoever  is available on 
the panel or a personalized advice to me on lifestyle, nutrition and anything else 
that I want to ask. That's the first beginning. 
The Company of the future is going to be a Company that is going to be not just 
brand marketing, but brand marketing with a very strong service arm. Today we 
have brands first digital following companies. Very soon it's going to be digital 
first brands following companies. The digital first will become a more important 
imperative for brand choice than the brand itself. That's how this industry is 
evolving as we look forward. 
Experimentation I think this is the reason we as on the earth or why we as a 
Company exist because we are capable of giving that experimentation mode to 
consumers over a period of time. 43% of consumers in this segment are saying 
that they are open to experiment with new categories and that I think is healthy. 
Because sometimes you got consumers who are stuck on particular values and 
particular segments and particular products. 
It also puts a lot of pressure on brands like us. Because we have brands as old 
as the hills. We stand for something. We have to constantly keep, you know, we 
have to keep changing as was said once before by a great business leader, 
changing the wheels of the car while in motion. That's really what we have to do 
in consumer marketing terms. 
So it's an exciting space, but nevertheless a fairly daunting space. Trust is 
important. Nothing has become more important post COVID than trust. 
Consumers trusted brands during COVID, said these are the brands that we 
trust and they tend to remain with it over a period of time. Even this generation, 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 64 
 
the Gen Zs, which are considered to be a flibbertigibbet, they move from one to 
the other, not really so. 
They stick to what they believe represents them. Now it could be product related, 
could be service related, platform related, environment related, whatever be the 
reason for it, but they still stick to it. And that element of trust is very, very 
important. Indulgence, mindful indulgence is a fairly high component. 68% taste 
is the most important driver. 
That's where a Company like Nestlé, that is where an R&D center like what we 
have in Manesar comes in. If I give you a distasteful product and say this is 
fantastic nutrition, you would not even buy it. If you taste it, you say yuck, this is 
not for me. To provide taste and to provide nutrition, that is a trick. And therefore, 
that makes it for this generation an important imperative and that's really what 
we place into the strengths that we have as a Company. 
Snacking and variety, I think it's on the earlier chart that we talked about in terms 
of mindful indulgence, seven in ten snack more than pre-COVID. Again, this 
whole snacking and healthy snacking territory is becoming more and more 
important. Health, wellness and hygiene. 78% consider themselves as more 
conscious eaters now. So combination of better for you, good nutrition, good 
taste, experimentation, a bit of indulgence and trust. 
Along with value seeking are behaviors that are going to go and cement the 
consumer choices that are going to be made in the future. Why do I talk about 
this? Because while this might in some extent reflect on the performance of the 
Company in the recent past, it is more a precursor of what is to follow. 
But these are the consumer trends. I don't talk in the air of stuff that I believe. 
This is what the consumer believes. And whatever the consumer believes is 
what we should be believing as organizations. So our purpose, this is Henri 
Nestlé, the only picture that has not changed, right. Henri Nestlé still remains 
the same and he put out the purpose of the organization is unlocking the power 
of food to enhance the quality of life for everyone today and for generations to 
come. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 64 
 
He began his life as you know as a serial entrepreneur, tried various businesses 
and finally decided with the goodness of heart to save the lives of children in 
what was then poor Switzerland. That gave rise to the Company with his first 
product which still exists in the market called CERELAC, but also gave the DNA 
of the Company which is food quality and safety that's what we are about. 
Because his statement was, if the closest relationship to humankind between a 
mother and child is nurtured by Nestlé, then we have to be the standards of 
quality and safety. And that's really has been the single-minded focus of the 
Company ever since. So our heartbeat, as I said, the five P’s  purpose, people, 
planet, partnerships and performance, I will take you very quickly to this in the 
same order. 
What is our road map? What have we said or what are we doing? I want to put 
it as simply as possible. I can show you a pretty complicated chart with all kinds 
of arrows flying across in different directions. That is not my style. I would rather 
explain to you very simply that the two calibrations of our strategy is focus and 
growth. 
Focus on purpose, planet, partnerships, people and performance. That is how 
we really look at each element of our business model. And in terms of growth 
penetration led growth. So in all the turmoil that we are going through and that 
we will go through penetration led growth will not fall off even for a day, I want 
to assure you that. 
This Company is not just seeking a unidimensional path we all know that 
volumes lead to organic growth not the other way around. So penetration led 
value volume growth, strong cost and efficiency management because in the 
context in which we are I think this is going to play an important role. 
Brand salience, investing behind the equity of brands, not diluting it, not playing 
with it, not distracting with it, not trying new experiments with it that is going to 
take us from the essence of the brand. These are important disciplines. I mean, 
unfortunately, sometimes we forget it, but these are important disciplines. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 64 
 
Competitive advantage through R&D and that is where my friend Jagdeep will 
talk about the global context and the local context. Investing and innovating. 
Investing consistently in infrastructure, in supply chain, in logistics, in various 
parts of the chain in order to make us into a more competitive Company. That 
is the whole core. 
Whatever we focus on are these wheels, these five wheels that we really focus 
on and it's called our growth model. This model incidentally is a model that is 
clear to even the frontline sales force of the Company. I've always believed that 
a model that is only understood by 10 people in the office or by 20 analysts is a 
waste of time. 
It needs to be understood by every salesman in this Company saying 
penetration led volume growth is what this Company is seeking. I have to sell 
more, I have to sell wider, I have to sell deep. Remember these three principles 
and the rest of it follows. So, it is ladies and gentlemen as simple as that, but we 
choose to make it even more complicated and make everything else, therefore 
a little bit intractable for us. 
What is our story? Let me very quickly go through this. It's, I think it's a story that 
you're all aware of. It's a legacy of 110 years of safe quality nutrition. We are a 
made in India story, a make in India story. 98% of what we sell in India is made 
in India. So we are embedded in the society of this country. 
Happen to have Swiss parentage, but everything else about us is very much 
Indian in terms of who we are. India is one of the fastest growing markets for 
Nestlé. We've had the pride of position for some time now, 8,000 plus 
employees, 194,000 plus shareholders. Now with the share split that has been 
announced, that number will probably go up, right? 
Over a period of time. 10th factory to be set up in Odisha. And this factory is 
going to be special. There are six factories across the world that have been 
identified as factories of the future by the Company. These are factories, you 
know, some in Latin America and America, some in Europe and some in Asia, 
Oceania and Africa, which will have all the infrastructure capabilities, digital 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 64 
 
technologies, environmental management procedures, processes, etc., which 
will be showcasing the best that food processing in the world has to offer. 
Nestlé is the world's biggest food Company and therefore, this is the promise 
that we have taken on and what has been the kind of expectation of India to put 
up the factory of the future as far as Odisha is concerned. So, there is at the 
moment about INR 800-900 crores of investment is going behind it, much more 
will follow and I think it will be rigid into being what we want to be which is the 
factory of the future. 
A 10,000 plus distributors and redistributors, 5.2 million plus outlets, 108% 
return on equity. I like to put this number down there because there are not too 
many companies that are able to meet that number. And what is a matter of 
great pride for me is, it's one thing to be a profitable growing Company. What is 
important to the employees of this Company is the impact that we can have. I 
think that is important. 
That is what sometimes corporate India does not measure. You look at all the 
matrices of financial performance, which is important, but that I make an impact 
on society is equally important if not more. And there again about 10 million plus 
as far as the societal initiatives of the Company are concerned. 
What is our brand footprint? Just a few examples. 12 billion cups of NESCAFÉis 
what gets consumed in a year. 5 billion serves of noodles. 3.3 billion fingers of 
KITKAT . 2.2 billion fingers of MUNCH , 29 million tins of MILKMAID and 700 
One Nestlé kiosks dotted across the country which attract more than 1.2 crores 
people each year to visit it. 
In all 12 billion packs reaching homes, serving families, touching lives and yes 
in the 300 million households that dot this country, Nestlé covers almost 200 
million households as of now. Our urban presence in households is definitely 
much higher, rural penetrations also started to pick up. 
So we are at about 200 million households today out of 300 million households. 
But the journey is upward in terms of the progress that we are making. Bringing 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 64 
 
purpose to life through powerful brands, I think world-class safety and quality is 
guaranteed. Why do I emphasize this? Because this will define for you any 
short-term trade-offs that the Company might or might not make. And the one 
thing that this Company will not make is a compromise on quality and safety. 
There's no way. 
You buy a Nestlé brand because it's a Nestlé and you trust that brand. Our trust 
scores are amongst the highest of any food brand in this country. And that's 
because of the quality and safety. Even during the worst times that we had, the 
consumer feedback on the brand was this Company cannot be what it is said to 
be. 
There must be something that's happening out there. And I think that's 
something that we stick to. Innovation, remember I talked about in the 2018 first 
slide on innovation being a driver of growth, 125 new products launched in the 
last seven years, contributes to date about 6% of sales. This is again going in 
the upward direction. Some of them are worth, some of them are not necessarily 
worth. 
And there are at least 10 new important projects which are in the pipeline, which 
is something that will be out between this year and next year to really cement 
the growth that we are enjoying. Bringing purpose to life by recalibrating 
innovation. So, one thing is to have innovations, the other thing is to look at the 
science of nutrition and that is where we have domain knowledge and expertise 
 We spend close to $2 billion on R&D investment globally each year. And that 
is the purpose. The purpose is to really enhance the nutritional profile of the 
products that we launch. So we have into three categories what is called good 
for you, good for farmers and good for environment. 
Good for you is high in fiber, low in calories, high on nutrients. There are some 
examples here. And one of the proud examples, the latest one is of course a+ 
Masala Millets that really has been done in collaboration with one of the leading 
government institutions, the Indian Institute of Millet Research. We have an 
ongoing collaboration that Jagdeep will talk about. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 64 
 
But really that this is a foray that has been done and I think today's newspapers 
if you see is got a big prominent ad on millets right, that we are looking at the 
next phase of grain technologies into coming into the Nestlé products. Good for 
farmers, I think this is something that benefits everyone, benefits society. So, 
climate resistant crops plus also using less water and more resistant to pests 
and finally requiring less water and less carbon footprint. 
So, these are some of the millet products that have been launched. There will 
be more to come, but the reason why I put this up is that because these are stuff 
that is already there in the market that we are proud of. There is more to follow. 
Some of those 10 projects that we are talking about is in the same space of 
better nutrition. 
This is really the societal impact. Why do I talk about this at this stage? Because 
ultimately, our goal as a Company is to do, is to be a force for good. And being 
a force for good is not just lining the wallets of investors, but also to contribute 
to society at a larger scale. This is what our programs do. We touch about 10 
million lives across 25 states and union territories on primarily five areas, 
nutrition awareness, water sanitation and hygiene, education, environment and 
rural development. I am not going into details because this is an area that we 
have covered in the past. So therefore, I would not like to take the time again to 
go through this. If it is of interest, maybe in a subsequent conversation, we can 
always talk about it. 
People, the soul of our business. I think this is something that is central to who 
we are as a Company. And here again, I think we look at diversity. Yes, we have 
good people. Yes, we have good talent. Yes, we have committed talent. But 
what are we looking at for the future? 
Diversity is something that is important to us. I’m very proud of the fact that in 
the recent Economic Times article, the only large listed Company that had the 
maximum number of on diversity of directors was Nestlé. We have 50% of our 
board members who are women who sit on the board of Nestlé including 
Svetlana who is my finance director and CFO. And I think it’s made a huge 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 64 
 
difference to the way the Company is governed. It is something that is very 
enriching as far as the organization itself is concerned. 
Multi-generational workforce, and over 25% of our workforce today, of our 
employees today are women. And the direction is again upwards. Women are 
a key part of management, a key resource of the Company. It’s something that 
we have looked at very strongly in terms of making our policies more female 
friendly, more mother friendly, more employee friendly, in order to make 
ourselves a more competitive and a more coherent organization. 
Today, the picture that you see on your left, be a force for good, as is our journey 
into the LGBTQ space. We have started to now look at how we can employ 
LGBTs in the organization, which part of the organization can we have them. 
And the starting point, of course, was to sponsor a large artwork done by one of 
the foundations on art that is run by LGBTs. It’s only a start of the journey, but I 
believe that we are committed to it. 
Sanand, which is 95% of the workforce are less than 40 years of age. This is 
our ninth factory. More than 60% of the workforce are women. Here again, we 
are doing something that’s different. A dozen people with disabilities work on 
the production line and they’re all hearing impaired. The beauty is that the rest 
of the workers are now learning sign language to be able to communicate with 
the hearing impaired people. Why do I do this and why do I share it with you? A 
sensitive, empathetic, compassionate, coherent organization delivers 
consistently better results than a fiercely competitive but a less compassionate 
organization. 
It's probably a theory that I've got and you may choose to disagree with it, but 
that is a theory that at least has worked as far as my own career is concerned. 
And I believe that that is an important part. How do you foster and engender this 
into the Company and make this into a more enriched place can lead to also 
better performances as we come to. 
So, let me share with you a video on Sanand. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 64 
 
[Video Presentation] 
Okay. So, this is a glimpse of Sanand. I think this is now getting into Phase 2 
and Phase 3 now being expanded considerably and will become in the next 
couple of years our largest factory probably in the country and majority women 
factory. So, that is what we are very happy about. 
A committed to a sustainable future as far as the planet is concerned, why are 
we talking about this? Because for us the sustainability journey is an irrevocable 
part of our journey. There are companies that look at it from the point of view of 
an ESG kind of lens. For us, this has been an intrinsic part of who we are. I think 
because of our parentage in Switzerland, ecology, environment and protecting 
has been something that has been part of our DNA. How well we have done it 
over the period of years is still something that is evolving, but four elements to 
it climate, packaging, water and responsible sourcing. 
What have we done here? Our investments have gone up 6 times between 2020 
to 2023 in terms of sustainability. We have 60 people now who are engaged 
either full-time or part-time on sustainability related projects. There is a 
sustainability governance council which I head as the Chairman of the Company 
and there are different projects and different business leaders who co-opt their 
time and the times of the people behind these projects. 
These are all monitored, these are all resourced, and these are all measured, 
so that this doesn't just become something that I have to put in the BRSR report, 
but something that is an intrinsic part of who we are as a Company. And we 
work here with 10 Direct and Indirect Partners, because fundamentally as a 
Company, as I said, we are brand marketers. We are not sustainability experts. 
So, this is a journey that we are also still learning and making part of our way of 
working. 
Our ambitious ambition is to make sustainable choices. So, we will be coal free 
manufacturing locations by mid-2024, not a single kilogram of coal will be used 
anywhere. It will be fossil fuel free also hopefully by mid-2025 not earlier and 
therefore, move completely to renewable sources. And one of the things that I 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 64 
 
am very proud about and being in this part of the country is a stubble briquettes 
are being used in the Moga factory to build the biomass facility to reduce the 
stubble burning. 
Almost 4% of the stubble burning in the district and about 17% in the area is 
going to happen because of this facility, biomass facility. Hopefully, we will be 
coming up by the first quarter of next year and it will be to whatever extent giving 
us one extra breath of oxygen I hope and maybe one year more of life as far as 
the people are concerned. 
Plastic, people will say, yeah, you guys talk about sustainability, what about 
plastic? Plastic is definitely an important part of who we are. About 23,300 tons 
in 2022 were collected by us as part of EPR. All our brands are plastic neutral 
for the past three years. This is measurable established. So, there is no green 
washing, white washing, pink washing here. This is all measured and 
established as to how we have recycled this plastic. 
The methods are not always the very best, there are still a lot of contemporary 
work that we are doing. And therefore, we have chosen to and you will hear of 
this in the coming future to invest behind recycling capability people, we are 
going to put up these facilities to recycle some of our stuff, so that we have a 
certain iron in the fire as far as these capabilities are concerned. 
Our brand-led initiatives to address plastic waste, I think all of the brands are 
involved in it, MAGGI is involved in it. You see here a picture of GERBER, which 
is really to ensure that young kids are equally sensitized to plastic as they grow 
up. So, this is something that is an important part of our journey. 
Sustainable agriculture as you know that we have got a dairy fitment thanks to 
our milk and nutrition business, 100,000 dairy farmers are engaged with us, 340 
million kilograms of milk collected last year, multiple interventions to reduce the 
GHGE  in dairy value chain. And I will just show you one example of this in the 
next video. 
[Video Presentation] 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 64 
 
Why do I show you this? I show you this because this is work on the ground. 
This is not an intention on sustainability and greenhouse gases. This is work 
that is being done. It is being done by my team, a young group of people. It takes 
a huge effort village-by-village, farm-by-farm, farmer-by-farmer to make this 
conversion happen because in greenhouse gases, dairy is one of the significant 
parts of it and unless we start making the change, this has to be a national 
movement, but at least we are saying as a player in this industry, let us invest 
behind it. 
So, we are in a sense having a kind of a pioneering role in this, because this will 
be an essential element of mitigating some of the carbon emissions and the 
carbon footprint as you go forward. But this is an ongoing task and also 
something that keeps us going as a Company. 
Coffee I think this is fantastic, I mean we have a terrific NESCAFÉ business. 
Today we are celebrating 10 years-plus of the NESCAFÉ plan, again a labor of 
love on farming, on practices, on sustainability. More than 5000 coffee farmers 
engaged, we have a NESCAFÉ Coffee Training Center in a place called 
Kushalnagar. 55% of the coffee procured is sustainably. And what is interesting 
for you to note is that about half of the sustainable robusta coffee in this country, 
been in this country is sourced through the Nestlé system. So that's the kind of 
footprint that we have set as far as the sustainability is concerned. 
A short video on this to show you again work on the ground. 
[Video Presentation] 
The farmer talked about premium. Nestlé pays for every kilogram of sustainably 
sourced coffee over INR3 per kilogram extra to the farmer. So every time you 
drink a cup of NESCAFÉ, this is my brand pitch. You are supporting 
sustainability. That's really what is being done. So it takes a lot of effort, but I 
think we have a fantastic team and a huge ecosystem that works on this. Again, 
farmer-by-farmer, it has taken us 10 years to get to 5,000 farmers. Somebody 
will say why not 500,000 farmers, why not 5 million farmers? But you have to 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 64 
 
convert farmer-by-farmer to this practice and make them understand and look 
at the benefit of it and this is really what we are working with. 
Spice similar, spice as you know is an essential part of our culinary business 
and 1,250 farmers across eight states are working with us focusing on people, 
planet and profitability and we are ensuring a 100% traceability of cumin, 
coriander, chili and turmeric as far as our products are concerned. This is the 
ask of the consumer as we move forward and this is the journey that we are also 
taking as a Company. 
Sustainable manufacturing is not just sustainability in terms of farms 
procurement, but also in terms of manufacturing. In the last 15 years, the 
greenhouse gas emissions have dropped by 52%, the water usage has dropped 
by 51%, the waste water generation has dropped by 38% and the energy usage 
has dropped by 36%. 15 years, far well before any of the ESG issues have 
become important. Why? Because these have been targets set for the Company 
for a long time. 
I have been with the Company for 24 years and I can tell you ever since I joined 
this Company, I remember to have seen these targets coming up at every 
management and leadership meeting, saying, how are we doing on this and 
what are we doing about this? But a variety of technologies have been put 
behind the extraction of groundwater and really trying to ensure that we deplete 
as little of the groundwater as possible. 
Again, on sustainable logistics, I think we moved in the use of railways. I think 
during COVID, we had the first rail breakthrough. It was one of necessity, but it 
translated also into a very efficient system, better payload utilization, LNG fleet 
reducing CO2 emissions and higher usage of CNG in electric vehicles. Some of 
this others also have done, but we are also proud to be part of that bandwagon. 
Partnerships, I think this is something that's essential part of our business. We 
have more than 2,000 distributors, 470, so almost 25% of them have been for 
more than 10 years, and almost 80% of them have been for more than 20 years 
with the Company. This is the ground that we talked about. This is the people 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 64 
 
who make things happen. If our market shares happen, if our growth happens, 
if you revel at our organic growths and whatever else we do, please thank these 
guys because these are the fellows who are making it happen. 
I just take an example of Mr. Balasubramaniam, who's the third generation of 
VG Rajamani and Company, over our distributors in Coimbatore. For the last 60 
years, they've been doing our business. Their business has grown from INR3.6 
lakhs to INR40 crores per annum. And yet, Mr. Balasubramaniam, who's 
standing there in the blue shirt, still starts the day with the sales call. He can be 
a rich businessman sitting in his office and getting people to do it, but he sits it. 
That's the Nestlé way. That’s the way that I'm very proud of because that's the 
way in which business is to be done. 
Again, Mrs. Sharma of the Swabhimaan Network. This is something that we 
started two years back. It's a rural entrepreneurship program. Other companies 
also have done it, but we have now, since we have got a RURBAN  strategy, 
we have started this program. Almost 1,600 women entrepreneurs in small 
villages across 14 states, generating a business of about INR8 crores at the 
moment. But nevertheless, it is playing into the penetration of these brands and 
also creating some amount of self-sufficiency in the women entrepreneurs in 
terms of earning some extra income. 
The RURBAN story, therefore, has also carried forward into more than 18,000 
heart activities. You might have seen the recent coverage in Mint of India's, of 
Nestlé's venture into Bharat, which is really covering some of what we are doing 
in RURBAN, India. More than 16,000 distribution touch points, I have come to 
that, and coverage across 7,405 towns. 
Supplier networks, I think Empire Packaging has been with the Company for 45 
years. 45 years he has been with the Company, he is one of the big suppliers 
and Mr. Kannan, there on the right, who supplies seals as far as our Cuppa 
packs are concerned. His family has been with us also for over 40 years. So, 
this is a network that we have got of almost 4,500 suppliers who have been with 
us for a long time. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 64 
 
Why do I mention this to you? Because continuity and sustainability and 
trustworthiness of relationships is established over a period of time. These are 
the same people who stayed with the Company during its worst crisis. So today 
as the sun shines, they are still with us and they will continue to be with us. And 
I think that is really the ecosystem, the reason why the Company does what it 
does. 
Paras again, Mr. Vinay started by supplying 2 kilograms of turmeric on his cycle. 
Today he has worked with us for 40 years. He has a turnover of INR650 crores 
and he exports to a lot of countries, right? So these are the partners who built 
themselves and also built the organization over all these years. That's the 
second generation of Mr. Budhiraja that you see there. 
What have we done using all of this? We have been using our data and analytics 
framework. I am not going to talk much about it because we spoke about it at 
some length last time. Simplification and consolidation, that is one of the things 
that we are doing. Looking at ways and means of consolidating the number of 
touch points, number of distributors, viability of distributors, using technology 
and using matrices, marketing and consumer insights using our MIDAS 
platform. 
And we have now started rolling out NESmitra, which is a retailer self-order 
application. But this is not going to substitute in-shop contact of the salesman. 
That is still important for this Company. You still need to get your line calls. You 
still need to get your merchandising. You still need to get your bag goods 
collected. You still need to have your range selling done. All of which is now 
enabled using MIDAS analytics. 
So when a salesman gets into an outlet, he knows exactly what outlets got SKU 
to sell, what promotions to drive, and what kind of issues there are with the 
particular retail outlet. All the part of data analytics, but he still has to go there. 
This is not substituting for that. And that's something that we are very particular 
about. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 64 
 
A quick look at performance, which is the last element, consistent, collaborative 
and committed. This is our track record 10 years of strong domestic sales 
growth. The numbers have been very consistent. Nine months '22, nine months 
2023, 15%, 15.1%. So, the growth journey still continues. I will come to why this 
growth journey has happened. This growth journey is predicated on volume 
growth. So, roughly 7% CAGR between 2018 and 2022. 
Last year has been a bit lower clearly because of the inflation. The numbers 
before this 2022 were much higher because of the overall context in which in, 
but I am confident that we will come back to the growth sooner than later 
because the intrinsic power of the brands and the force that we are using within 
the organization continues to be strong. 
Value growth, therefore, CAGR 11.3% in the last five years. This is the 2018 to 
2023 period that we are talking about. The fortunes of India have also evolved, 
I am giving you town class wise sales, so I can tell you 15% sales, but if it is in 
a particular corner of the country, it is not very representative. Mega cities, which 
is the last city is more than 40 lakhs population. Our growth three-year CAGR 
has been 15.4%. Our metro CAGR has been 21%. Our town class one, the 
CAGR has been 10.2%. 
It would have been higher because we've had a couple of impacts on volumes 
because of the price changes that have taken place in the small packs. But this 
is again, going to come back. TC2 to TC6, 11.2% and yes, I do admit I have a 
lower footprint on rural, but my growth is pretty neat, 26.6%. And even in the last 
quarter, it was a growth that was fairly significant. 
So, this is where we are. So, there is a granularity in this and the RURBAN 
journey that we have taken is a logical journey. There is nothing illogical in what 
we have done. So, if you look at our route to market and distribution, we were 
at about 4 million outlets in 2016. This was post the MAGGI crisis, where 
distribution had actually shrunk. We have built it back brick-by-brick, outlet-by-
outlet, geography-by-geography, channel-by-channel to 5.2 million today out of 
which 3.6 million is indirect, 1.6 million is direct. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 64 
 
How has this been done? We have also deepened the rural reach. Again actual 
data that is being shared with you here. 120,000 is what is the ambition we have 
said that we will cover by 2024. Villages with the population greater than 2,000. 
We are sitting at about 108,000 now and total number of villages we are sitting 
at about 191,000. 
What have we done here? This is stuff that is on the ground. This is not stuff 
that we think is should be part of a presentation. This is actual statistics that 
stand on the ground. Point number one, strengthen the distribution infrastructure 
in terms of touch points. We had about 8,500 prior to 2020, today we have got 
more than 18,000. So, there is a more than doubling of the number of distribution 
touch points that really helps because that is the way in which distribution 
capillarity happens. 
Feet on the street. Yes, expanded number of touch points, but cringe on the 
number of people. No, you can't do that. You can't get a distribution system out 
of thin air. You know, the NESmitra app is not going to get people attracted 
towards your brand unless somebody goes and meets them. So salesmen are 
up by almost 50%, 2,200 to 3,100 and going up over a period of time. 
In-shop visibility, we do all the basic things. These are the basic things that still 
need to be done. In-shop visibility from less than 4,000 outlets in 2020 to about 
19,300 outlets today. So that we ensure that our key brands are visible, present 
at all points in time. 
HAAT activation, no point just putting the brand there if consumers don't know 
what to do with it. Today, if consumers ask for KITKAT and NESCAFÉ is 
because somebody has done an activation. Somebody has gone to a rural 
HAAT and set up a stall and said, this is a KITKAT  this is a NESCAFÉ, we do 
this with this, we eat this with the MAGGI. It has to be taught. It's not going to 
happen by just magic. So the heart activation has gone up significantly. 2,500 
in 2021, 18,000 till now, and last year was 20,000. So this year again, the full 
year figure will be definitely higher than what we did last year. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 64 
 
And behind all this consistent media support, as I have reported in the last 
quarter results as well, significant monies have been put behind investing, 
behind the growth pillars, using efficiencies in the purchasing media, targeted 
consumer and leveraging consumer clusters using both digital medias and the 
capabilities that we have, accelerated digital spend, which in some categories 
and some brands today is as high as 40% to 50% of all expenses, and investing 
in building brand equity versus short-term promotion. 
One of the things we have issued as a Company, there was a time seven, eight 
years ago, when on NESCAFÉ, 25% to 30% of our money used to go behind 
consumer promotions, short-term incentives. Today, less than 10%. We said, 
we'll build the equity of the brand. That's really important. It takes time, it takes 
effort, it takes a bit of courage because you get knocked on the head in the short 
term, but longer term, it is better.  
And what has been the result? The result is in the last five years, NESCAFÉ has 
added more cups, more cups to consumption than in the previous 50 years. 
That's the part of equity building. And that's what we are following. And that's 
the reason why we do well on these businesses because of that. And that is 
really led all this, today you see the RURBAN phenomenon, the phenomenon 
of portfolio management, of category management. Again, that has given us the 
results that you see. 
Milk products and nutrition. Some of you keep scoffing at it saying, yeah, yeah, 
but you know, this one is a little bit of a doubt, 15.3%. Not bad? Prepared dishes 
and cooking aids, 10.7%. Out of home, 30%-plus. Confectionery, 21%. And 
powder and liquid beverages, which is a coffee business 18.6%. So these 
growths have come because of kindling consumption, kindling demand, getting 
into RURBAN, supporting RURBAN, monies were put, investments were put, 
equity building was done, cost efficiencies were got, and that's something that 
I'll come to a little bit later. 
All of this, of course, has been on the strength of e-commerce which has grown 
by about 20%. year-on-year continues to be a powerhouse. In some of the 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 32 of 64 
 
brands, it's as high as 25%, 30%. In some brands, it's as low as about 10%, 
15%. But again, something that's been in quick commerce in this has been the 
fastest growth. 50% of our e-commerce business is today quick commerce and 
growing faster. 
So Blinkit is becoming as important as Amazon. That's the reality of the 
business. Innovations contribute about 6% of sales over 125 new products 
launched, as I mentioned earlier. 10 new projects in the pipeline. Why you say, 
why only 10? There are more than 10, but these are the ones that are scheduled 
for launch in the next couple of months. 
Sustained profit for operations, we are a growth and profitability Company. We 
are not just a growth Company. You give us our valuations because we are a 
growth and profitability Company. If you were just a growth Company, you would 
give us the PEs that we deserve. You give us that because of the sustained 
profitability. The CAGR on this has been about 9.4%. 
There has been a smart improvement in the last year from 19.7% to 21.4%. That 
is a reported number that you know 170 business points. What are the four key 
pillars that have been buying efficiencies and economies of scale, recipe 
efficiencies looking at how we can optimize and how we can make changes 
without compromising on the food quality, nutritional content or safety, portfolio 
management and appropriate pricing. 
Net profits grown by 10.4%, again there has been a steady performance here. I 
bring your attention to the consistency of the performance, there is not too much 
of up and down of a significant nature in this and this is something that we would 
like to keep it this way. And that is what gives us the valuation that you give us 
right ? In 2001, we were a $1 billion Company in terms of market cap. 2023, as 
of 30th September 2023, we were a $26 billion Company. The return that we 
have given over the benchmark index, which has grown by 20 times in the last 
20 years, has been 43.6 times. And this, I've checked the records, puts us in the 
Top 3 FMCGs in the country. So, this is the result of all the efforts that have 
been put in. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 64 
 
What are some of the looming challenges that I would like to bring your attention 
to? Commodities, some parts of it are still a little bit worrying. If you look at the 
pace, 2020-2021 inflation put together was less than 2022. That is the kind of 
impact that we have faced in the recent 12 months to 15 months. 
If you look at here milk prices between 2018 and 2023, 60% up, SMP 72% up, 
edible oils 89% up and the same numbers you are seeing across most of the 
categories. Which are the ones of concern today? The ones of concern today 
are really green coffee that is an area of concern because it still is not stabilized. 
Packaging is stable, but it is up in the air in terms of the Middle East issue and 
what happens to oil and it is an oil derivative in any case. Wheat is so far stable, 
there has been a 7% escalation in the minimum support price that has been 
announced that will be get factored in, but hopefully that is something that the 
Company can absorb, it is not something that will kill us. Everything else seems 
to be otherwise okay. 
What have we learnt from navigating the challenges? I think this is an ongoing 
lesson for the Company. Number one is accelerated economies of scale and 
sharp procurement strategies because of scale, because of size, because of 
information access, we are able to do that. Sharp saving program which is the 
cost effectiveness program that is delivered anywhere between 1% to 1.5%, or 
roughly INR1.5 billion to INR2 billion of saving each year for the last 10 years. 
This is something that has been an ongoing program of the Company and the 
first thing we look at is efficiencies and effectiveness of buying and also cost 
efficiency that we can build in. If both of these are not able to match the numbers 
looking at portfolio, then we look at pricing finally. So, that is the one that we do 
not want to touch because penetration led volume growth remember is a 
strategy. So, we do not want to touch that because that can be shaded. 
There are over 10,000 projects that have been done since 2011. This is the DNA 
of the Company. I do not have to keep telling people that please look for cost 
efficiency parameter, they will look for it themselves. They look for it for the last 
12 years and they have generated 11,000 projects small, some saving 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 34 of 64 
 
INR100,000, some saving INR10 million, some saying INR20 million, INR50 
million. All put together, this is something that helps us in terms of enhanced 
efficiency and speed of and cost reduction. 
Calibrated consumer insight based pricing, all the pricing decisions that have 
been taken have been pre-tested in terms of consumer validation. Seeing what 
is the kind of impact that it can have and what is the kind of mitigation that we 
have to do as a Company. We have to take it, that's a reality, but how can we 
mitigate some of it? So a lot of the equity building work has been around that, 
so that the brand equities are strong enough. And of course, alignment, courage, 
and exceptional teamwork. 
Please remember that except for me and Mr. Sanjay Khajuria, everybody else 
on the management committee has changed in the last eight years to 10 years. 
And I have some very young people on the management committee. They are 
not bruised old leaders like me, who have been hit on the chin many times. 
There are people who come on to these jobs as the first move into general 
management. For them to take big decisions on pricing, takes a lot of courage 
because they get wrong. It could be fatal in terms of their own perception of 
themselves as professionals. And I think that's what I pay tribute to because 
they have been able to do that consistently over a period of time. 
So what are the 10 mantras that will define our future? What is it that I've been 
talking about all along and given you a flavor in terms of the five Ps? Number 
one, consistent balance between growth and profitability. This is what we will 
do. This is what has made us successful. This is what will drive us over a period 
of time. 
Number two, expanding the opportunities with the new consumer cohort. This 
for us is exciting because this plays into the importance that Nestlé  gives to 
portfolio development. You know, they always say that the time and place for an 
individual has to come in his life. I believe the time for Nestlé  has come. This is 
the new India where consumers' aspirations are high for good brands. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 35 of 64 
 
Availability and access is something that we have to make happen and of 
course, creating the infrastructure for that. 
Third, strong investments in manufacturing and supply chain. Between 2020 and 
2023, the Company has spent almost INR2,600 crores in capital investments, 
INR2,480 crores to be exact till end of September. So, that balance will get spent 
during the course of this year for sure. 2023 to 2025, they have committed 
INR5,000 crores. Out of that INR 900 crores to INR1,000 crores already in the 
Odisha factory has been committed and more to follow. 
This is the faith and this is what we see as a track record of the faith of the parent 
in Nestlé  India to be able to have this investment along with the Board of Nestlé  
India which has said that we need to put in this investment. So, investments 
behind manufacturing, investment behind distribution chains, investment behind 
logistics all of this are part of this investment. Investment in long-term 
partnerships, this Company will still be the Company that will put its head down, 
its shoulders to the wheel and work. 
We believe in delivering what we promise, talking a little bit less is fine, but doing 
a reliable consistent job, what I call boring consistency over a period of time, 
rather than erratic brilliance at particular stages. I think that is what has defined 
the Company and that's what you would look at in the long term. 
Expanding and accelerating RURBAN thrust, I've shown you in all granularity 
what we have done. So there's no fluff stuff there. There's nothing there that 
says, this is the intention. This is there on the ground and this is what we see 
growing for us as we move forward. Embracing the part of analytics and 
digitization. I think we've invested in it. We are seeing the progress, we are 
seeing the results of it, and there is an acceleration of the journey as far as this 
is concerned.  
Accelerating our sustainability journey, we are on that train, and we're not going 
to get off the train in a hurry. This is what makes us Nestlé, and we will continue 
that journey. Focus on people, diversity, talent, and managing the generational 
shift. As I speak to you, there are two, three of our factories where the original 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 36 of 64 
 
pioneers are now in the phase of retirement. Factories like Moga and Samalkha 
and to a certain extent, factories like Nanjangud have got workers who are now 
retiring. They've all spent 30 years, 35 years in the Company. So the next 
generation is coming in. And that is the transition that is refreshing. That is the 
challenge that we have as an organization. 
In the leadership team, the transition has almost happened. Barring a few of us, 
the rest of us are all fresh and rearing to go and of a generation that is 
appropriate to take forward the journey of this Company. Nutrition as a platform 
for innovation, I think that is something that we have put on the table and you 
have seen some of the results of that. And finally, enabling strong impact on 
communities, that is something that is important to the Company and that is 
something that we will certainly be focusing on. 
So, what is our promise? Consistency, collaboration and commitment. That is 
really who we are as a Company. That is really what will define us. I do hope 
that I have been able to in this little over an hour give you an idea of why we do 
what we do and what is it that makes us tick. Thank you very much. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
May I take the opportunity of inviting Mr Jagdeep Marahar to now come and take 
us take the audience through the R&D piece. 
Jagdeep Marahar: 
Thank you very much Mr. Narayanan. It is a privilege for me to be here 
representing Nestlé global R&D to share with you the exciting world of what we 
bring in. And I think, I mean, there could not have been a better theme set than 
the theme of growth and growing together consistently, but not only for today 
and R&D talks about tomorrow. 
Innovation in Nestlé  has been something that has been at the core ever since 
its inception and whether it is with a cup of coffee you drink or a KITKAT you 
break in, there is some sort of a part of science and technology that we all bring 
across to you. 
The part of the presentation today for me, I will bring in the two aspects, the 
global context and the local part of how do we contribute to the businesses that 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 37 of 64 
 
we support. What I will also look at is in terms of how we have been working on 
driving meaningful innovations across, howwe've been speeding up innovations 
to bring our products at speed to the markets, but also our role in differentiating 
the product propositions across. 
R&D has been the cornerstone of Nestlé  across and we run probably the largest 
R&D network across in the food and beverage space with approximately 2% of 
our global turnover, a bit over $2 billion that we spend globally in this particular 
part. There are 25 centers, it is a very diverse portfolio of products that we 
manage, which are done at the different parts of our centers globally. And I will 
cover this in a bit of detail. I think what is unique for Nestlé  is the way we are 
structured. 
We have a three-tier structure, which ranges from a very centralized part in 
terms of where we have scale of driving innovation that on the left what you see 
are the core institutes which give us the science behind food, behind the 
different parts linking to whether it is food safety or analytics but moving all the 
way into the basic construct of the food and its role in health and nutrition. 
Two important roles that we have also picked up recently is institutes on 
packaging sciences and on agriculture sciences which work on a very important 
part on sustainability. How do we look at novel materials? How do we future-
proof ourselves moving head into that? The second tier for us is very much 
related to converting the science into technologies. 
And technologies, as you would appreciate, are very much driven by individual 
categories. The categories that we operate in are very diverse. So there are 10 
centers which are linked to individual categories across and there is an 11th  one 
which works on the systems. So systems means the coffee machines and the 
setups that we look at also in our Nestlé Professional space.  
The third part where we sit in are the regional centers which look at 
implementing the global technologies are the competence centers of also the 
products or the ingredients that we build up. There are six of them across 
different regions of the world. What this brings us is very close to the local 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 38 of 64 
 
cuisines, the local consumers that we then pick up and convert our products into 
the right areas. 
We are located around 20 kilometers from here. So, Nestlé R&D for South Asia 
region is located out of Manesar. We are a fully owned subsidiary of Nestlé SA 
with which we look at the different parts in terms of the priorities of what we work 
in and then support the regions. This is the center of expertise on South Asian 
cuisine. 
This is where we have got a very diverse group of well-qualified experts ranging 
from chefs to product developers to engineers who look at converting the 
product propositions into industrializable products around that get in into scale 
once we move them to the relevant markets. 
There are three core areas that we focus on. The first one is as a global category 
lead for noodles and spices. Why noodles and spices? Noodles again is one of 
the big businesses for Nestlé. We do around half a million tons of noodles. The 
region here is one of the core drivers there. Intel inside why noodles work well, 
why we are able to deliver is what comes from the seasoning or the spices. And 
India being the core region where Nestlé  sources almost half of its spices from, 
therefore becomes key for us to develop expertise in this part that we can then 
roll out to all the markets that we work with. 
The second important area, which is also one of the big challenges with food, is 
to look at the food safety aspects. And this is about anticipating what the future 
challenges on contaminants or future challenges with the adulterants and other 
areas can bring in. What we do here, we are a part of the Nestlé  Global Food 
Safety Hubs. There are three of them in our center in Lausanne. There is a hub 
in India, there is a hub in China. 
What we look at is one, preempting any potential challenges. Secondly, 
developing new rapid analytical methods that we can analyze and pre-empt and 
build these into the repertoire in terms of really putting barriers in before they 
become an issue. We work very closely with the government agencies, we work 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 39 of 64 
 
with the academia here and an example that I would want to share across is the 
work that we had done in terms of building capabilities on food safety. 
This is one area where we feel that there is a forward-looking need to reassess 
and reinforce the part there and we recently with the NIFTEM, we had around 
500 graduates who went through the screening process and 25 of them passed 
through the All India Food Safety Cadre across to get in, not only in Nestlé, but 
also to other industries and in government bodies around with a proper 
knowledge on what food safety brings in. 
The third part for us is about accelerating innovation. And this is something 
which we have started a couple of years back, is to build competencies and 
expertise to fast track innovation processes, looking at new white spaces. We 
call it as Nestlé Accelerator, where we review what potential opportunities, what 
consumer trends? I think what we heard earlier was about how the consumer 
behaviors are shifting. 
What are those new spaces that could be relevant that we could seed and then 
bring this in? All of this is done by a group of experts where more than half of 
our team, and this is a very young team, are either masters or PhD holders and 
they are PhDs in a field which are as diverse as analytical sciences to noodles. 
On our global part, the R&D fuels what the global purpose of the Company is in 
terms of really making products which are high on nutrition, which are good for 
you and also which are sustainable for people and pets that we serve in. The 
fundamentals what you see on the top are common and they are uncommon 
across the different streams of the organization. 
These are about delivering tasty, nutritious products, which are of high quality 
and safe, but also affordable and can be produced in a way which is sustainable 
across. And I'll cover this in a little bit more detail moving forward. 
There are four core focus areas that we have identified at the global level which 
are common themes to drive growth. The first one is on alternate grains and 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 40 of 64 
 
proteins and you saw some examples and I will elaborate a little bit more on the 
work that we are doing with millets and other parts there. 
The second area is about coffee and how do we process coffee, how do we 
select the beans. What you heard from Mr. Narayanan before is the work that 
we do with the farmers, with the NESCAFÉplant, how do we translate this with 
cutting edge technologies to translate them into products which are winning 
propositions, but also how do we leverage systems like the NESPRESSO 
NESCAFÉ machines that can be much more efficient there. 
The other area for us is on nutrition and this is covering the whole scope of early 
life moving across the ages into medical nutrition but also covering what is a 
little bit of an.. you know changing demographics with aging population space, 
what are the needs that we build in there. And finally, the science-based nutrition 
for pets, which is equally important for our global portfolio.  
How do we do this? It's a complicated slide, but these are our global platforms. 
There are 12 platforms. And just to simplify this, the first platform is by driving 
products which are nutritious and which are healthy. We look at platforms like 
alternate proteins here, but also working on the reduction of ingredients like salt, 
sugar and fat. 
And these are the spaces where across the centers all of us play a role. There 
is a centralized team which supports, but then out of the different product 
categories we build this in. What we also work on, and then this is a little bit 
more central here is on the areas like cellular nutrition, microbiomes on how 
food is ingested in the body, what is it that we can look at, but also on to what is 
the role that food plays in addressing different diseases. And this is the complex 
word you will read here, multi-omics, is a profiling of what, how we can bring in 
and then translate it into personalized nutrition. 
Coffee and beverage systems we have spoken about. On the right side, it's an 
important pillar, which is a pillar on developing technologies, on packaging, on 
technologies which are much more energy efficient, but also technologies which 
are looking at the entire agricultural value chain of the products coming right 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 41 of 64 
 
from crop plant breeding to the part on how they are grown and how can we 
mitigate the challenges on GHG emissions, whether it is with crops or with dairy 
part. 
Our approach to innovation and I think this is an approach which we have been 
driving for last four  to five years is about making the process much more agile 
and nimble so that we are future ready. And this is based on three pillars. The 
first one is about simplification of the processes where we have cut our idea to 
launch process from around six steps to three steps, which makes it much more 
nimble and faster. And I'll share some of the results which come in. 
We have put in R&D accelerators that I briefly covered before, which help to fast 
track some of these ideas, getting in into a proposition of a minimum viable 
product in six months to nine months sort of time, but also equipping ourselves 
with pilot equipment so that we can rapidly prototype. We can get the concepts 
in, because unless you put it on the table, it does not really mean much. 
We have been working externally with the partnerships. You read on Indian 
Institute of Millets Research where we have done our first launch. So these are 
the institutes which are also helping us to synergize, not only in terms of 
developing products, but also in building up the future maps of where we would 
want to work towards in terms of really identifying and defining new varieties or 
new processing methods that can give us a competitive advantage moving 
forward. 
The second part of driving innovation is really leveraging our internal and the 
external ecosystem. And the first one for us here has been with the employees 
where you have all heard about the Shark Tank. So this is almost like an internal 
Shark Tank that we run. 
Examples on millets what you saw as products, some of them have been 
launched within nine months. When the whole proposition came in, our teams 
came up with more than 25 ideas within a month's time, and we could put it on 
table, and we could see which propositions make sense and in which 
geographies can we deploy and work this in. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 42 of 64 
 
We work closely with the startups. We have globally more than 60 startups that 
are part of our R&D accelerator. We have completed cohorts with four of them. 
The picture you see is one of the startups which is now working with us here on 
maternal nutrition within our R&D center. We leverage AI and I'll share in a little 
bit more detail in the next slide, which helps us to be nimble and then really cut 
down the time for concept generation, especially in the new spaces across. 
And one big shift that we have also moved in is about differentiating our 
propositions through intellectual property protection. And this is where the 
patenting part has seen quite a significant increase. The job of a product 
developer today is quite complex. We need a product which tastes well, we need 
it at the right cost, we need something which is nutritious, we need what is also 
sustainable. 
And this is where the data mining and the artificial intelligence comes in to help 
us out. And then this is something that we have pioneered in, in terms of not 
only looking at the clinical studies, but also looking at the consumer trends. How 
do we translate these? How do we pick up certain trends, get them into AI driven 
concept development, recipe formalization, but also in some cases, where we 
work with the grains and plants, the feed in into the plant breeding side. What is 
it that we can shift? 
Within the R&D space, we don't restrict ourselves only to product development. 
The bottom theme is more about applications of AIs into our operations. How do 
we use it for early identification, not only of potential issues, whether it is food 
safety or it is about certain parts on the equipment performance? How can we 
have a better surveillance on our materials that we receive? But more so about 
advanced process controls. And I will pick up an example of what we have used 
locally here where we have deployed technologies on our nodal lines there. 
What this also helps us is on assessing the health of the machines. When can 
we predict either a breakdown or how can we do preventive maintenance much 
better so which makes our lines much more efficient but also much more 
sustainable across. So just as a scorecard what it has meant and this is at a 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 43 of 64 
 
global level, our speed of innovation has increased significantly with all these 
steps. 
So if a normal project in 2016 used to take around 33 months from the time of a 
concept generation to industrialization, the average today is around 12 months. 
And when I say 12 months, some of the parts we do implement within six months 
to nine months. We are faster than startups. Some of the startups in this 
particular part. Some others where there are new, there is new science and new 
technologies involved. Obviously, it takes a little bit longer, and 12 months is a 
broad average across. 
On the theme of innovation, what this has also meant is the number of 
innovations driven by R&D have moved up. You saw, the increased innovation 
focus here in the region. This is also where we step in and we support across 
different categories to drive innovations there. 
The global increase in the total launches has been 23% and from our side, there 
has been almost a 3x increase of innovations that we are bringing into the 
region. The second part for us is about increasing the differentiation. As I 
mentioned before, it is the quality of our projects that bring in. So we have now, 
10% more contribution that is coming in from the innovation projects. So just as 
a broad nutshell, around 30% of incremental contribution to Nestlé’s portfolio, 
which is coming in through innovation and renovation, is there. And around 20% 
of this would be about differentiated product propositions that bring in and create 
new consumption occasions. 
The number of patents, we file more than 500 patents annually globally and this 
has been around a 90% jump in terms of new innovative technologies and 
solutions that we have brought into the table. Just a quick snapshot of recent 
launches and these are all the global ones where more than 150 new products 
come in into the market every year. 
What you see on the right is an example of where R&D has helped them to 
deliver a winning proposition, whether it is about a better aroma in coffee or a 
better taste profile in a noodle or noodles with millets or even products like, the 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 44 of 64 
 
a+Masala Millets. So this is where we step in and we play a role of driving 
innovations through. 
And just picking up on to one of the examples here, what Mr. Narayanan spoke 
before is leveraging millets across our products. And millets, as you would know, 
are not the easiest of the grains to be consumed or even to be processed. There 
are challenges with taste. There are challenges because there are 13 types of 
millets and each millet is different in size, in hardness, in the way that we process 
these in. And they have in their inherent form, very low shelf life, which keeps 
the consumers away. 
They're not very convenient to use. And we had to really translate these with the 
know-how, both from our global teams and the local teams here, with partners 
like IMR, but also using our culinary expertise around to convert them into tasty 
nutritious propositions. 
Very happy to say that this is not only an offer that has come in in the form of 
masala millets. This is the first time in the country probably where we have 
managed to transform bajra or pearl millet which is one of the most difficult 
millets to stabilize into this product and this product contains more than 70%, 
75% of grains, it is rich in fiber and therefore offers a much more meaningful 
advantage to our products. 
This one is the platform that has then also been moved to spaces like Noodle, 
but also our other brand, and there are a few more which will come in. Last but 
not the least, R&D is not only about driving new product launches and 
innovations, it is more about making sure that we also have propositions which 
are affordable and sustainable. 
And here, some of the areas that we work in on the packaging side is on the 
new generation of papers. And an example what I will take here is the paper 
straws. More than 5 billion paper straws globally have been introduced in place 
of the plastic straws and the Nestlé was a pioneer in taking these steps. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 45 of 64 
 
We work on quite a few other areas which we keep on testing across our brands. 
It's a sensitive part because a lot of application is also determined by what the 
local environment and the climatic conditions are, but this is an area that we put 
quite a bit of research efforts on. 
The second part is evaluating the biodegradable plastics. How can we move in 
there? And one of the first launches here, which has been locally developed, is 
about, a biodegradable folk, a plastic folk, which has already been introduced in 
our Cuppa noodles and which decomposes or degrades both in industrial 
composting but also in the home compostable setups there. 
What we have been also taking this journey is a step forward on regenerative 
agriculture. There is a pilot that we picked up in terms of restoring barren land. 
It's a future challenge that the country is facing with approximately 30% of the 
soils under stress today because of the way we have had the cultivation done. 
And the pilot that we have picked up is to restore a land in our spice plant region 
to see how can we bring the fertility back on the land. So this is the land in 
Andhra Pradesh in Sri Sathyasai district which we are now looking at converting. 
It was barren for approximately five years. There are 15 farmers involved around 
32 acres, which now has been planted. 
What you see on the right is the first plantation. And we intend to use this crop 
back into our products, just as a model to see how can we make a meaningful 
difference across and then expand it, not only in India, but also beyond India as 
an example. 
We are collaborating on this, not only with the Nestlé global teams on the 
agricultural sciences part, but also with Rainforest Alliance and TraceX, which 
is one of the startups that also came in one of our R&D cohorts, which is helping 
us to map the entire land scenario that we are building in. 
The second important role that we play is on manufacturing process 
optimization. And this is an important area because this is also where energy 
and affordability comes in. And two or three examples which I would want to 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 46 of 64 
 
bring in is on energy reduction. Through a proper redesign of the technologies 
and equipments with the computational fluid dynamics, we have been able to 
now reduce the steam usage in our noodles process by around 30%. 
Now, this not only saves around 30,000 tons of the CO2 emissions, but it also 
helps to avoid the costs which were going in as waste. And similarly, using 
process analytical technologies into our processes, now we have closed the 
loop systems. And these are working on our KITKAT lines where we are able to 
control the entire critical parameters on moisture in vapors. But we have moved 
it now to noodles where all the key parameters get controlled in line, giving a 
much more consistent product, but with – but much lower waste. 
Again, we spoke about a little bit how Odisha would be the, when the factory of 
future. So we as R&D constantly work on what are the new technologies? What 
would shape this future manufacturing line? What would be the new capabilities, 
the level of automation that we would bring in and therefore make a tangible 
difference to what we are looking at building moving forward. 
So there have been quite a few recognitions. On the packaging work that our 
team did, we were recognized with the Asia and the World Star Awards and just 
a couple of weeks back on the sustainability part, both in terms of restoring the 
agricultural land but also on energy reduction we had the UBS Sustainability 
Awards for the initiatives of the year. 
So just in a nutshell, key takeaways. So it's again, the global R&D network offers 
a strong competitive advantage to drive growth, to support growth across 
markets. And as you heard, with India being one of the core growth pillars, we 
really see this as a big opportunity to unlock future opportunities. 
The focus of R&D is on driving not only new products, but also on the more 
nutritious, healthy products which will be needed for the future consumer 
requirements with the changing demographics and also from a perspective of 
innovative technologies and solutions which make it much more sustainable. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 47 of 64 
 
Increasing speed to market for us through differentiated, intellectual property, 
differentiated technologies is going to be the core, which will give us the winning 
edge as we move forward. And this is where the speed over perfection mindset 
has moved in and enabled us to really pursue this end. And last but not the least, 
with this strong involvement and support to the local business here, we are able 
to deliver the ambition to drive growth moving forward. Thank you. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
Thank you, Mr. Marahar. With that, we move to the Q&A session. For those who 
are present here, please raise your hand so that we can take the mic towards 
you, pass on to you. Participants who have joined virtually, the instructions will 
appear on your screen to ask questions. In the interest of time, I would like to 
request all of you to limit your questions to two per person. 
We will start with participants present here, take three questions from three 
people, and then move on virtually and come back again. Sir, could you 
introduce yourself and mention the name of your organization and ask your 
question? 
Abneesh Roy: 
Yes, thanks sir, very good presentation, two questions. Sir, first question is, we 
have seen few categories of other companies, for example, biscuits, we have 
seen in tea, local players have come. In your category say in noodles and coffee, 
we have seen some regional players, some start-up companies also come. So, 
in terms of volume growth, would you have lost some share in these in the last 
few quarters? 
I am not talking about the Nestlé market share, I am talking about the data which 
you get from the ground, is there any loss in terms of volume versus the industry 
growth which you must be getting because we are seeing that downgrading, 
down trading those are happening? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Thank you, Abneesh. Thank you for your question. I think look, we do have the 
local competition. Let me take coffee for example. There have been players who 
have come in. But one of the things in coffee is that when the prices of coffee 
beans are as high as they are, it does not really give much play for the local 
player to come in with a cut price and hope to make a deal. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 48 of 64 
 
Because the fact is that, you will be incurring serious losses if you were to do 
that. So in the coffee category, honestly there has not been, there has been 
some competitors that have come in, but they have been more muted during 
this serious price increase on coffee beans that have taken place. 
In the area of the MAGGI portfolio, there have been some entrants as far as the 
Masala-e- Magic type of products are concerned. I must say that again there 
has not been too much of a -- in our own estimates, there has not been too much 
of a traction that they have got. Only where there is acute price competition, 
there has been some loss of volume, but this is a category, which is fairly 
sensitive in terms of quality and safety. So, consumers also are pretty careful 
not to just try any masala simply because it is there in the market. 
In noodles, when we took up the small pack prices, there were a few people 
who entered the market. At the fringe in particular geographies, there was some 
impact. But once we did a specific RURBAN package and part of it was to really 
tailor the portfolio also in terms of the INR10 price point, we are seeing volumes 
to come back. So, yes, there is local competition, but we are at least as of now 
trying to respond fast enough to mitigate any losses that we might have. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second and last question, slightly related, is you shared a lot of data points, 
10 billion UPI transactions. You also shared your Patna visit. My question is, five 
years back and now, or say eight years back when you joined Nestlé India and 
now, is the INR2, INR5, INR10 issue for the FMCG, is that now well under 
control? But when I see your own MAGGI price increase from five to seven and 
then I think 10 etc. 
 
There has been a big grammage impact and you mentioned that last nine month 
volume growth for the Company has been below initial expectation or below the 
three year average. When I see that, then UPI does not seem to be benefiting. 
So, where are we in terms of the coinage issue and why is the UPI thing not 
benefiting in terms of vacating popular price points? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think it is fair to say that still cash is a predominant part of the transaction. 
So, while UPI is definitely making progress, but it has not completely obliterated 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 49 of 64 
 
the medium of exchange as far as the detail trade is concerned. I think the issue 
is one of the things, I think we have to remember Abneesh, price point is still 
important. If you look at the Nestlé portfolio, almost a third of Nestlé portfolio is 
price point and about 15, 20 odd percent is premium and the rest of it is 
mainstream. 
On the price point, I still have to be careful. I have to make trade-offs. I have to 
make trade-offs saying, okay, I have, I am not able to mitigate the current 
initiatives to be able to take care of inflation in particular categories. And 
therefore, I consciously take the step to take change the prices. But price point 
will continue to be important because two forces are happening Abneesh in this 
market, premiumization and down trading. 
Down trading is also a phenomenon. I think some of the other companies that 
you cover are seeing that also significantly happening because there is an 
economic pressure in terms of budgets and discretionary budgets definitely if 
inflationary trends continue will be under pressure. So, we are conscious of it 
and therefore, we are trying to put in bridging price packs to be able to take care 
of it. But walking away from the INR2, INR5, I think or maybe INR2 you still 
could, but a INR5, INR10 price point is still little bit fraught with risk or trade-offs 
that you might have to make. 
Harith: 
Sir? Yeah, good evening. This is Harith from Investec. Just two questions. First 
was on the input cost chart that you showed. It seems like with green coffee and 
now Cocoa over the last few weeks, we're also hearing, that is a significant 
inflation. So, if you look at your pricing actions and your pricing actions have 
been fairly significant over the last year or so. Do you feel you're at the end of 
does those pricing actions now at a portfolio level? Or you still feel there are 
certain areas where you will have to take significant pricing to still mitigate some 
of the margin pressure? This in context of the fact that the last two quarters 
actually gross margins have stepped up at a portfolio level? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Good question, Harith. I think, look, as I said, the pricing option is the last option 
as far as the Company is concerned because the core strategy is penetration 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 50 of 64 
 
led volume growth. So, I would hope unless there is something that goes 
dramatically wrong as far as coffee prices are concerned that I will be towards 
the end of the price cycle. I don’t, I don’t anticipate, but there has been obviously 
impact in Vietnam and that is leading to a synchronous enhancement of prices 
in India. 
Even though the coffee exports have come down, but nevertheless the coffee 
bean prices are very much on the uptick. If it continues at the current level 
without dramatic changes coming up in the next couple of months, I think I 
should be able to hold the line as far as the prices are concerned. On cocoa, I 
think, yes, there has been a secular trend upwards, but I would like to keep to 
the current strategy of keeping prices as much as possible. But again, it is a 
wish Harith at the moment. I feel difficult to predict, but hopefully I should be 
able to try and at least the intention of the Company is to avoid as much as 
possible. That much I can tell you. 
Harith: 
Great. And the second question was on innovation. So, if you look at the last 
three years set, you had two years of COVID and then you had last few quarters 
of significant inflation. You yourself mentioned, when the house is on fire you're 
not going to do new things. In the context that in the next one or two quarters, 
hopefully things, you normalize on the inflation side. You did mention 10 projects 
in the pipeline, but do you see a material step up in terms of new things that 
you're going to do over the next 12 to 18 months versus the last three years that 
you've seen from a portfolio perspective? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Relatively speaking, Harith, there will be a step up. I mean, because let me be 
very honest with you and I've shared this with you as well. During the COVID 
times was not the time to keep the house without catching fire. And at that time 
to launch new innovations that there was no marketplace and there was no 
nothing happening would have been a little bit foolish at that stage. So we did 
mute our innovation cycle. Now that is being unleashed. 
And yes, in a calibrated manner, I mean, these 10 projects that I'm talking about 
are the most powerful that we would like to put out into the market. But I think 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 51 of 64 
 
innovation itself needs to be now calibrated because we are move into an era 
where we are supporting our brands fairly strongly in terms of building equity. 
So, there'll be that much that I will be able to absorb in terms of being able to 
launch. Also, the gastric capacity of the organization. Remember, I'm going in 
for a major RURBAN drive. I can't tell my sales fellows, launch this and find more 
of this and find more of this. He says, boss, you tell me, which one sold first? I 
mean, as an old salesman, I can tell you that prioritization is a big task. So, that's 
the other thing I have to calibrate, the drastic capacity of the Company to absorb 
that much more of innovations. But you will see an uptake for sure. 
Harith:  
 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
We now move to Manoj for his next question and we'll come back to you. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, this is Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities, that's for the record. Suresh, 
brilliant work on the driving growth through the sales vector, which I think a very 
few companies have actually executed on the ground in the last five and 10 
years. Of the 7% volume growth which has come, would you be able to quantify 
what sort of growth came through the sales vector? That's one. 
Second, given the, that you have somewhere 80% 90% of the numeric footprint 
where you want to be at this point in time, how much more headroom is there 
with the three four medium-term view? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Good question, Manoj. If I would to look at it, I think the sales vector has played 
a strong role in the growth that you have got. I would estimate that all of the 7% 
odd that we have got, at least 3% would be attributable to the sales vector. And 
really, sales vector plus digitization plus analytics, sharper focusing on 
geographies, at least 3%. Maybe our upper reach, maybe 3.5%, 4% would come 
from that. That's an area of thrust, Manoj, that will continue. I mean, I'm not in a 
hurry. I'm not in a hurry to come here and tell you guys that I've digitized my 
whole Company and forgotten the basics. I mean, that's something that will,  
under my watch, will not happen because that's what has built the Company. 
Your second question was on? 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 52 of 64 
 
Manoj Menon: 
Basically, can, first of all, thanks for the disclosure. Can we expect a similar run 
rate or higher, lower, because you will have now line selling and productivity 
improvements and more digitization, etc. Is it fair to assume that you will actually 
get a similar growth rate also into the medium term? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I would probably not get as high as what we have got in the past, but definitely 
fairly significant as the build-up happens. Because as, the distribution reach that 
we are looking at now is kind of getting there in terms of number of villages over 
2,000 and number of distribution points, etc. Now, it is a question of sweating 
assets even more. And in sweating, I think in certain categories, it will give us 
disproportionate growth. In some categories, it will be marginal. On balance, I 
think best case  scenario would be as strong, worst-case scenario would be 
slightly lower, but still significant. 
Manoj Menon: 
Let me, I have one question, but I just kind of, let us say part A and part B, I do 
not think I will get another chance. Suresh, some comments about pet care 
would be helpful. How are you thinking about ramping up that, with the medium-
term view? And the other one unrelated, is it fair to say that the Nestlé of 2023 
looks at M&A as a growth vector, let us say very different versus what it was 10 
or 20 years back? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Good, good questions Manoj. I mean, let me put the M&A question to rest first. 
I think M&A continues to be a area of interest for the Company because as you 
know, whatever we are hitting, INR16,000, INR17,000 crores that we have hit 
last year and a higher number this year is 100% organic growth. There is nothing 
inorganic in what we have done. 
So, I think that the quest for acquisitions continues, but obviously, I think the 
criteria that we use is on fit, is on capability to add value and also on the kind of 
valuations that we get. And so, the eyes and ears are open and I think that is 
something that we will continue and hopefully god willing something should 
come up sometime in the future. 
On pet care, I think the integration process with Nestlé India is complete. And 
now we are trying to, we are really revving up the engines in terms of expanding 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 53 of 64 
 
the scope of distribution and also utilizing some of the obvious synergies that 
we have as a Company. I mean, I'm able to give Pet care a much wider access 
than what they ever had as an independent entity. 
And that's work in progress. So, it's still a very promising category for us. In fact, 
some of the early leads on the cat food segment is very positive and that gives 
us room and gives us hope that we will be able to accelerate this business quite 
well in the coming years. Thank you. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
We will now move virtually and request the participants to ask questions in over 
to you to take questions from our participants present there. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We invite a speaker member, Mr. Siddharth Dhand from 
Goodwill. Please unmute your audio and go ahead with your question. 
Siddharth Dhand: 
So, we bought into the pet care business into Nestlé India. One of the 
businesses that Nestlé hasn't entered in India is the NESPRESSO business. 
So, any thoughts about entering via Nestlé India? Because every time we travel 
abroad, people will always ask me to get a NESPRESSO machine or pods back 
to India. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I know the discomfort that you feel when you have to pay a little bit more than 
what you should be paying. But look, let me put it fair and square. NESPRESSO 
is definitely a business that is of interest to us. I think there are a few regulatory 
and duty related issues on that, that need to be navigated and represented, 
which is what we are in the process of. I think once we are able to clear the 
decks on that, then the decision would be taken on direct involvement of Nestlé 
India in the business or otherwise, if there is at all any other route that can be 
taken. 
 
But at the moment, I think we are trying to first get over the first leg, which is 
really some of the regulatory and duty related issues that pertain to the import 
of pods into the capsules into the country. Once we do that, I think the road will 
be much clearer as far as our entry into the business is concerned. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 54 of 64 
 
Pet care, as I just mentioned to the question of Manoj, I think continues to be an 
area of serious interest. One thing about Nestlé that I'm sure you have observed, 
we don't give up on categories so easily. So, there is a pet care, which is 
obviously a core category of the Company. It's a category where we have global 
expertise and it is a category where we will have the full play in the coming 
months and years as far as the category itself is concerned. So I can assure you 
that there will be a continuing thrust as far as building this business is concerned. 
In the first stage, using the synergies that Nestlé India brings to the table, that 
alone will be quite significant for the business. 
Siddharth Dhand: 
 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from Sirish Pardeshi from Centrum. Please 
unmute your mic and go ahead with your question. There seems to be no 
response from this participant's connection. We will therefore move to our next 
question. That is from Chintan Chheda of Quest Investments. Please go ahead 
with your question, sir. There seems to be no response from this connection as 
well. We take our next question from Dhiraj Mistry of Antique Stock Broking. 
Please unmute your microphone and go ahead with your question. As there is 
no response, Ms Shah, back to you. You may take questions present from in-
person participants. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
Yeah, please go ahead and ask your question. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Hi, good evening, Suresh and team. Suresh, while under your regime, we have 
seen a definitive pickup in growth, but philosophically speaking, when you talk 
about, let's say, $40 billion of market on a denominator of $800 billion, do you 
not think, and two parts to this question, the first part is, do you not see a sense, 
when you look at 6.5% volume growth number, and I know inflation pandemic, 
but if you take a next five, 10 year view, you shouldn't, let's say for a Company 
like Nestlé, growth should be, significantly higher than where we are. 
That's first part and second part again, it's an apple to mango comparison. But 
let's say PepsiCo launched still Sting as a product and within three years that 
brand became INR1,000 crores is running over INR2,000 crores. Is there a case 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 55 of 64 
 
to launch something which is very disruptive? So let's say Red Bull was selling 
at INR120 and Sting came at about INR20 makes, its margin apparent took to 
the Company, but has taken the size to a different level. What are your thoughts 
on both these aspects? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think it's a good question that you're asking. As far as growth is concerned, as 
I said, the Company's philosophy has been and is unlikely to change between 
the balance between growth and profitability. So, that’s something that we 
cannot walk away from. So, while yes, I think the future I would like us to grow 
faster than 7%, I mean it is not an impossibility, but launching products or getting 
into categories which are going to be deeply dilutive as far as margin deliveries 
even in the short to medium term is concerned without a distinct competitive 
advantage would not really be a reality as far as Nestlé is concerned. 
I think the empty calorie growth which some organizations might find acceptable 
at relatively modest EBIT’s is  not a philosophy that we believe in. Having said 
that, I think I fully take your point and in fact, that is also the roadmap, in building 
all the infrastructure and creating all the ecosystems for growth is to really plan 
and target a higher growth than what we have done in the past. But on which 
categories and which, I mean, for example, things like nutrition, wider definition 
of nutrition or health science would be areas that we will focus in, where the 
volume may be relatively small, but the values and the impacts and the 
competitive modes that it builds will be definitely far more significant for the 
Company. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Got it. And the second question, again, one of the slides on lifestyle trends for 
millennials and Gen Z, if I look at one of the, I would just love to know your views, 
but one of the things that you mentioned, trust is important and it's 59% 
important for Gen Z. If I look at the other side, which means that 41% of the 
users are okay to go for brands which are so to speak not trustworthy. Does that 
not worry you? Because 9% point, I mean, it's literally half and half and then you 
are 9% point higher on the trust side. But that also means that 41% should can 
go for anything, that is available. Does that worry you from a competition 
standpoint? 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 56 of 64 
 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think the word trust has two meanings here in the research. One trust is 
the ability and the proclivity to stick to a brand for all times to come. And the 
other one is a little bit experimental or flirtatious as far as the brand is concerned. 
It captures both these trends. And one of the things I think we have to be very 
clear is that no Company is owed market share. No Company is entitled to 
market share. You have to set and struggle for every point owed market share. 
 
So, I look at it, yes, in a perverse way it should worry me a bit saying that 41% 
of people might leave my brand, but then it should keep me awake saying, have 
I got the right consumer proposition, the compelling experience and the value 
delivery sustainably over a period of time to justify the market shares that I have 
got? So I don’t subscribe to the negative part of it. It only tells me that the 
consumer, you cannot take the consumer for granted. And that is when, and 
that’s the, that you would know even without looking at the research is the hard 
reality of the marketplace. Yesterday's hero is today's zero, right? Or vice versa. 
Vivek Maheshwari: 
Thank you very much. I'm Vivek Maheshwari from Jefferies. 
Ajay: 
This is Ajay from Anand Rathi Securities. I just one question in one of the, your 
speech you had mentioned about, premium products only contributing roughly 
about 10% of your sales. I would have assumed that it is much higher for Nestlé 
India. Can you just talk of what is your categorization of premium products first? 
And secondly, also, if you can just throw some light on how you are looking at, 
minimizing a portfolio to a greater extent. Thanks. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think, premium for us is quite a rigorous definition because we have got 
a significant mainstream. And mainstream in many companies would be 
categorized as premium. Whereas for us it is mainstream. So, a price index of 
10%, 20% below the mainstream would be considered to be PPP. And price 
about 30%, 40% higher than mainstream would be considered to be premium. 
Again, the premium split differs by category, in categories like milk and nutrition 
it is higher, in categories like foods, prepared dishes it is higher, in chocolates it 
is and for example, KITKAT and the normal parlance would be considered a 
premium, but we categorize it as mainstream. 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 57 of 64 
 
So, therefore, the proportion is a little bit lower because of the categorization. 
But I can only tell you that I think the thrust on premiumization continues to be 
strong, the response is, has been strong. The growth rate of premium products 
in the Company is at least 2 to 2.5x of the rest of the organization. So, there is 
a very strong growth that we're seeing. And this is happening also in small town 
India. So the growth that I'm seeing for brands like KITKAT and some of the 
milks and nutrition is as strong in smaller markets. You saw the growth 15%, 
21%, 26%, and 40%. This is the new India. 
So I think the thrust is higher. The infrastructure will be -- is stronger. The route 
to market is going to be critical for us. So, I can't take the same route to market 
and expect all my products to go through the same hatchet. So, that’s where 
work is happening today using the power of analytics, digital and on ground 
behavior to carve out separate distribution models for PPP. Can I do that in small 
town India is one of the questions we are asking. I don’t have the answer, but it 
is an active question that we are asking. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Hello, Mr. Narayanan. Three, four questions here, short-term as well as long-
term. On the short-term side, my first question is that what percentage of our 
portfolio did we take price initiatives last year? And what percentage of them we 
may not require to roll back the prices because most of the consumer companies 
are cutting prices right now. But if you could give some idea there and which 
categories in specific. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Okay, as far as the portfolio is concerned, at least half the portfolio was touched 
in some form or the other in terms of pricing. As far as rolling back is concerned 
I mean, we have not seen a very significant decrease in prices of, the pace of 
increase has come down but that doesn’t mean that it's a decrease. I mean milk 
prices are up, but the pace of increase of milk prices has come down. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Sorry, if I may interrupt. My question was specific to price hikes that we took? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Yeah. Yeah. That’s what I am saying. So, price hike that we took, about half the 
portfolio has been impacted by price are changes. Rolling back prices, I don’t 
see that as an imminent issue that is happening at the moment because again 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 58 of 64 
 
while the inflation has come down, right, but the prices of these commodities are 
at already at a fairly high level. So, it is, the differences are purely marginal to 
be talking about any distinct rollback that we see. Unlike some of the petrol-
based ingredients where the decline has been quite sharp, there obviously 
people have had to do it and emergence of local competition has happened 
because of that also, because the raw material prices have come down 
significantly giving the play for local competition to enter. So, that’s where we 
are. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Second question is, you had a slide where you showed that media investments 
for us have gone up from 1x to 1.3x. If I do a rough math, the ad spend for us 
are circa 4% right now, or may be lower versus a pre-pandemic we were at 6%. 
So what are we doing here differently? Most of the consumer companies again 
have been taking up ad spend. Are we risking market share here by, being more, 
using our brand equity to, so just a question here on this? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Not really, we are not risking any brand equity, we are just spending more 
efficiently and more effectively. And the digital spend which gives you much 
longer kind of response with the consumers is today a fairly significant part of 
what we are spending. So, therefore, the percentage looks to you a little bit 
lower, but the digital spends as a proportion of spends have been significantly 
up as compared to what they were a couple of years back. 
Sheela Rathi: 
So, what would be the share of digital spends for us? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
It will depend. 
Sheela Rathi: 
As a percentage of total? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
It will depend on brand to brand. It will be anywhere between 20% to 60 to 70%. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Understood. More on the long-term side now. First question is we are building 
such huge capacities, and it's a big journey we have embarked on. Someone 
asked the same question that should we think of higher growth trajectory for us 
going ahead because I believe that this capacity is being built for the next 10, 
15 years. So, should we imagine Nestlé India's growth trajectory to be much, 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 59 of 64 
 
much higher than where we are right now and any categories where you're most 
excited about? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I don't think, Sheela ,it will you know the definition of much, much for you is 
different from the much, much for me. So we have to be very careful on this, but 
yes, I think the fact is that the capacities in supply chain and infrastructure is 
being created to enable higher growth. And the ambition, as Vivek was alluding 
to, is to get a volume growth, which is definitely comparable, if not better than 
what we have got in the past. So that intention continues to remain. 
Sheela Rathi: 
And final bit is with respect to the distribution reach, we are at 5.2 million 
distribution reach. Where do we see the portfolio gaps right now? I would believe 
that noodles, MAGGI noodles would be at the peak , say five point I mean the 
highest. So, what is the opportunity for us in terms of categories where we need 
to take it up much more than the others? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think all categories are offering opportunities because distribution is not 
just a one-time act. It also depends on the kind of repeat purchase and the kind 
of activation that is being done. So, all the current categories of the Company, 
meals and nutrition, prepared dishes, coffee and also chocolates and 
confectionery, each of them are calibrated differently. So, the number of MAGGI 
noodle outlets will not necessarily be equal to the number of coffee outlets for 
example, because of the nature of the category. 
 
But there is headroom across for all the brands. And that's why you're seeing 
that growth. That 21%, 25% growth is not coming out of one brand. It's coming 
out of a bouquet of brands. And that as we expand, as we penetrate better, as 
we do better activation, as we do better distribution, as we do better advertising 
and put more feet on the ground, we are seeing better results coming. 
Sheela Rathi: 
Thank you, Mr. Narayanan. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
The next question is from Percy, who has joined us virtually. His question is, 
June quarter gross margin is 200 BPS, higher than the June quarter gross 
margin. That is a big expansion in a quarter period of three months. What has 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 60 of 64 
 
driven this? Is it raw material softening? If so, which ones? Product price 
increase and if so, which ones or any other reason? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Well, it is a combination. It is a combination of raw material softening and better 
realization both. 
Arnab: 
Hi, Suresh. This is Arnab from Goldman. So, Suresh, on the innovation side, in 
the last few years, you showcased a few new categories you entered or brands 
you launched like CEREGROW, Milo, Nestléplus, GERBER given the size of 
your portfolio, you're totally a INR20,000 crores kind of turnover this year. Do 
any of these meet the bar of moving the needle for the overall business? Like, 
could they cost 1%, 2% of sales in a few year's time? Or is this a very slow burn 
and it'll take them many years to even reach a 1% of turnover on any of these 
new initiatives? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think it is a very good question. Some of them clearly are showing 
stronger promise than others. So, some of the initiatives that we got, like what 
we are doing in the noodles area will definitely start getting much higher traction. 
Some of the initiatives in the chocolates area will also start getting higher 
traction. Coffee will be giving higher traction, but some of the ones in the nutrition 
space will take some time. 
 
It is not going to, you are not going to have the dial moving suddenly. I think the 
days of seeking out another MAGGI Noodles has sadly become a little bit of a 
mirage for many companies. You've got smaller number of strong opportunities 
but not one huge mega opportunity that's going to give you that kind of, unless 
you've got the stomach to continue in that race for 10, 15 years without making 
a cent and that is a very different philosophy. 
Arnab: 
Got it. So, the 6.5% of revenues that you showed came from all the innovations 
in the last three to five years, that number you would not expect to dramatically 
move up given what you said that these are smaller opportunities. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
My objective, longer term objective is to get to about 10%. If I get about 10% 
that will be a good number to look at in terms of innovation contribution to total 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 61 of 64 
 
sales. And that will come from a combination of some base innovations in the 
core categories and some high value innovations in some of the niche 
categories. That put together should get us there. But I use, if I were to answer 
you saying, today is a 6%, 6.5% will next year be 10%, answer is no. It will take 
a bit of time. 
Arnab: 
My last question is just on, margin improvement is not a, I would say, a stated 
target or objective that I've heard from you over the years. It's more about stable 
margins, higher growth. Now, since you've been on this growth path for a few 
years, there's typically some, virtuous cycle, you get operating leverage, your 
mix improves. So can things change on that front? Or would you still believe 
that, keeping margins stable, focusing on growth is that product goes that you 
would take? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
I think the broad approach, as I said, growth with sustained profitability does not 
dramatically change. The objective might change in a particular part of the 
portfolio, given the nature of the cost benefit that you see. But broadly as a 
Company, I mean, if you were to say, if today I make what EBIT margins are 
23%, 24% and suddenly you look at a growth model that will be 30% growth and 
15% EBIT that will not be necessary. But within a category, I could look at parts 
of the portfolio making that switch sacrifice for the short to medium term that can 
happen. But overall, as a strategy for the Company, a bit difficult for me to 
comprehend. 
Arnab: 
Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: 
We will take the last question from Latika. 
Latika: 
My questions have been answered, but one aspect I just wanted to clarify was 
on some of the color on, when is the agreement for royalty up for review? If you 
would clarify on that, and how should we think, if you are allowed to talk about 
it, the parents want to approach that? Thank you. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, I think it's a good question, Latika. I knew that somewhere it will come up. 
Look, at the moment, I think we are still in, it's still in front of the board of Nestlé 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 62 of 64 
 
India in terms of discussing this, preparing because it's still, it's tenable till June 
next year, till June 2024. So, there is still a bit of time, but I think we are very 
conscious of the fact that brands, technology and operational excellence are 
what Nestlé brings to the table. And I think all these three would be evaluated 
fairly squarely before any decision is taken, but to clarify to you Latika as of now 
no decision has been taken. 
Sanjay Khajuria: 
We can go for one more question. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
One here. 
Avi Mehta: 
Avi Mehta here from Macquarie, I just wanted to kind of, in the entire 
conversation, you started with saying that there are increasingly going to be 
more niche opportunities that are going to come in. But in the course of the 
discussion on innovation, you seem to suggest that I have a constraint on my 
distribution, which means I have, I cannot go in terms of number of packs, in 
terms of number of products. 
Now, isn't this a dichotomy of sorts? Because you are saying that there are 
smaller opportunities, which probably need a lot more new launches, but you 
can't do them because you don't have the bandwidth. And where am I kind of 
not understanding? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
No, Avi. I think, I'm sorry for not explaining myself very clearly. It's not that niche 
opportunities on a regional basis will not be exploited. I think the question for us 
is there are two levels. There's a gastric capacity for a Company should be able 
to handle new launches. There are some companies who show results by 
pipelining, right. Every quarter add 20 products and show 3% growth, show 5% 
growth, show 20% growth. We are not in that network, for pipelining led 
Company. 
So, there is a certain gastric capacity for the system to be able to handle 
complexity. And this is overall complexity, not just distribution complexity, 
procurement complexity, manufacturing complexity, sourcing complexity, 
everything, right? All put together. That's one part of it. The other is, and this is 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 63 of 64 
 
what to answer the question that has come up on route to market. Now, what 
we are looking at is how can we geo-target and sharp shoot on route to market 
to exploit these opportunities. That will give us a little bit more of tentacle like 
capabilities to be able to have a better and a more sustainable capital 
redistribution. 
Avi Mehta: 
So, in a sense the portfolio in different geographies could be very, very different, 
but that still does not take care of the manufacturing complexity, right? 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Look, the portfolio will not be dramatically different. I think the core essentials of 
the Company in the five, six categories it is wherein will remain broadly the 
same. Where will the differentiation come? There will be a few variants that will 
be particular to particular geographies and some SKUs that might or might not 
be part of that portfolio, right. Or there could be a category entry for the time 
being that could be in a particular geography. All of these require essentials in 
terms of either manufacturing or essentials in terms of being able to distribute it 
reasonably efficaciously into that geography. Those are the two capabilities that 
we need. 
Manufacturing capabilities, I think we have a fair amount of flexibility now that 
we have got 10 odd factories and more than 10 odd co-manufacturers to be able 
to take care of that complexity. But where the rubber is going to hit the road is 
in terms of sizing, the size of these opportunities before we start to pursue them. 
So, which geography and what size of opportunity should I pursue? The trade-
off is always between pursuing a small regional opportunity versus putting that 
resource behind a larger national opportunity and that is where the challenge 
really comes. 
Avi Mehta: 
 
Correct sir. Okay, thanks a lot. 
Suresh Narayanan: 
Okay, so may I take the opportunity firstly of thanking all those who are online. 
And I am sorry that some of you were not able to ask the questions, but please 
do send in your questions to Ambereen so that I am able to answer them as 
best as I can. I mean, this is typically the way I operate, even at AGMs I answer 

 
 
Nestlé India Limited
 
 
October 25, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 64 of 64 
 
every single question. So, I feel a little bit sad today that a couple of you have 
not been able to ask the question. 
On those who are present in the room, thank you all very much for your 
attending, for your, for the respect and for the attention that I have always 
received from you. I'm deeply grateful for that, also for your support and your 
positive criticism from time to time. I really appreciate it because I think that's 
what keeps certainly me going and hopefully my team going. What I've reflected 
today is 100% team effort. I only play the role of the cheerleader and the 
sutradhar, but the story is, a story of thousands of people who come together to 
make this happen. 
And I think the tribute is to this team that makes this performance happen quarter 
after quarter, year after year. So, thank you all very much. And please do join 
us for some snacks which includes some Company products, I believe. And 
those who are online some other time. Thank you. 
Ambereen Ali Shah: 
Thank you, sir. The proceedings of today's session will be recorded and 
uploaded on our website www.nestle.in. Thank you very much once again for 
joining this call. 
