 
 
regd. office: 687 anandapur e. m. bypass kolkata 700107 India 
phone: 91 33 6613 6264 tele fax: 91 33 6613 6600 e-mail: investors@emamigroup.com website: www.emamiltd.in 
CIN: L63993WB1983PLC036030 
 
Date: 9th November 2023 
 
The Manager  
 
                          
  The Manager  
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
  BSE Limited 
 Listing Department  
 
 
              Corporate Relationship Department 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G. Block  
  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
 
  Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 051  
 
 
 
  Mumbai – 400 001  
Symbol:  Symbol:  EMAMILTD 
 
 
  Scrip Code: 531162 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor Conference Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial 
results of the Company for the second quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Investors’ conference call 
organized on November 06, 2023, post declaration of Financial Results for the Second 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at www.emamiltd.in. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For Emami Limited, 
 
 
 
 Sandeep Kumar Sultania  
 Company Secretary & VP – Sales Commercial  
  
 
 
SANDEEP 
KUMAR 
SULTANIA
Digitally signed by 
SANDEEP KUMAR 
SULTANIA 
Date: 2023.11.09 
17:31:56 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 9 
 
“Emami Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Conference Call” 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PERCY PANTHAKI – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MOHAN GOENKA – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
VICE CHAIRMAN – EMAMI LIMITED 
MR. VIVEK DHIR – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS – EMAMI LIMITED 
MR. GULRAJ BHATIA – PRESIDENT HEALTHCARE– 
EMAMI LIMITED 
MR. MANISH GUPTA– PRESIDENT SALES – EMAMI 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH SHARMA – PRESIDENT FINANCE & 
INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference 
Call of Emami Limited hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Percy Panthaki from IIFL Securities Limited. Thank you and 
over to you! 
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi good evening everyone. Thanks for joining us on the Emami results con call. I have 
with me Mr. Mohan Goenka – Whole Time Director and Vice Chairman; Mr. Vivek 
Dhir – CEO, International Business; Mr. Gulraj Bhatia, President, Healthcare, Mr. 
Manish Gupta – President Sales and Mr. Rajesh Sharma – President Finance and IR. I 
will hand over the call Mr. Mohan Goenka who will take us through the results 
presentation and then we will open up for Q&A. Over to you Sir! 
Mohan Goenka: 
Thank you Percy. Very good evening ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us 
today. I am pleased to share some good set of numbers amidst the challenging 
economic backdrop. Despite the subdued consumption demand especially in rural 
markets, Emami has showcased resilience and profit led growth in the second quarter 
and first half ending 30th September 2023. In Q2, our consolidated revenues soared to 
865 Crores demonstrating 6% growth. Our domestic business exhibited fairly 
impressive resilience with a 4% growth in net sales and a nearly 2% increase in 
volumes. Notably urban centric channels like modern trade and e-commerce witnessed 
robust performance underscoring our adaptability to changing market dynamics. On a 
brand level, Navratna and Dermi Cool range performed well and recorded growth of 
12% in Q2. While healthcare range grew by 4% and pain management by 1%. 
Boroplus male grooming and Kesh King range declined in single digits on account of 
lower consumer demand from the price sensitive sections of mass consumers. 
Additionally our strategic investments in subsidiaries Helios and Brillare Sciences 
outperformed expectations witnessing a stellar 63% growth. Internationally, we 
continued our upward trajectory growing by an impressive 16% in constant currency 
and 12% in INR terms. Despite challenges in certain markets due to currency 
fluctuations and import restrictions, our international business remained buoyant driven 
by key regions such as Menap and SAARC. With lower input costs and judicious price 
hikes, we achieved a significant expansion of gross margins by 350 basis points 
reaching 70.1%. Our EBITDA registered robust growth climbing by 20% to 234 Crores 
with margin expanding to 27%, a rise of 300 basis points. For the first half of the 
financial year, our revenues grew by around 7% accompanied by an expansion of gross 
margin by 290 basis points. EBITDA experienced a robust 15% growth with margins 
expanding to 25.1% an increase of 180 basis points. Notably, our profits after tax for 
the first half saw an impressive surge of 23% at 316 Crores. Further, the company 
made its foray into the juice category with AloFrut through strategic investment in 
Axiom Ayurveda Private Limited by acquiring 26% equity stake. I am happy to 
announce that despite absorbing around 230 Crores related to buyback of shares, the 
company maintains a robust cash balance. Consequently, our board has declared an 
interim dividend of 400% amounting to Rs.4 per share for FY2024. I am also pleased 
to inform you that following the disinvestment of promoter’s majority stake in AMRI 
Hospitals, the promoter’s pledge levels are now reduced to around 15% of the 
promoters holding in line with our commitment. What is even more promising is our 
outlook for the future. Despite the headwinds, we are optimistic about the coming 
quarters. Anticipated improvements in agricultural yields, the onset of festive season, 
rising rural wages and increased government spending on infrastructure projects are 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
positive indicators that bolsters our confident in the recovery of rural markets. Our 
unwavering focus remains on driving our long-term strategic goals and enhancing our 
capabilities. We are determined to continue investing in our brands ensuring superior 
value for our consumers. With these efforts and the resilience that is a hallmark of 
Emami's journey, we are confident in our ability to deliver consistent, responsible and 
profitable growth in the medium to long term. With this overview, I invite Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the first 
question from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks and congrats on the margins. My first question is on the D2C Zanducare 
business. So essentially I see a lot of new products being launched. So my question is 
out of the Zandu portfolio what percentage of the products which are sold on Zandu 
D2C website are also available on third parties, say Amazon, Flipkart, BigBasket, etc. 
Second is what is the thought process behind launching a very non FMCG kind of 
product or just tumbler etc. We do not see FMCG company normally do this, but I 
understand the Ayurvedic thesis behind this but why does a FMCG company need to 
do this? 
Gulraj Bhatia:  
So thank you for that question. Basically, the whole purpose of launching our D2C 
portfolio Zanducare was to look at leveraging the opportunities which are coming up 
rapidly in the Ayurveda healthcare space and we launched a number of new products 
basically which are targeted towards improving the healthcare need gaps which 
consumers have and we are not only selling them on the D2C platform, but we are also 
selling them on other e-com market places and also in the modern trade channel. In that 
context, we do not just want to limit ourselves to only products or medications which 
are the traditional healthcare segments. We want to cover the whole gamut of products 
which probably come in the range of Ayurveda products and that context, the benefits 
of using copper vessels for storage of water for water bottles or even glasses becomes 
an important component. And that is why are looking at getting into this segment 
which is a fairly large segment which traditional ayurvedic companies are not catering 
to as of now and we have seen a fairly good response on the launch of these products. 
Abneesh Roy: 
On the overall company for the India business, if you could tell e-commerce and 
modern trade, what is the growth and do you expect acceleration given festival demand 
will be in Q3, would you expect that? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So the growth has been in the range of about 17 to 18% in modern trade and for e-
commerce it is about 50% growth in this quarter. 
Abneesh Roy: 
You expect acceleration. 
Mohan Goenka: 
So we expect to have similar kinds of growth coming from both the channels, both 
from modern trade and e-com. In fact, our e-com has now reached to almost 13% of 
our total business and modern trade is at 11%. So put together, we have almost reached 
to 24% both MT and e-com. 
Abneesh Roy: 
One last follow up I remember at the end of FY2023 now you had said e-commerce 
plus modern day is 20% of business. So this year you want to do more focus on 
profitability rather than sales growth. I see sales growth being strong could you address 
on profitability, is it meeting your initial… 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes Abneesh so that is part of our overall margin expansion plan because now both the 
channels put together is around 25% of our total business and margins are slightly 
lower compared to our GT business. Definitely we have improved our margins in both 
the channels. There is further scope of improving margins in e-com in modern trade. It 
will come gradual but yes, there are levers of margin expansions in these two channels. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Thanks. That is all from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived 
Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
Could you talk about rural markets. We were targeting 60,000 villages. So what is 
happening our bridge packs increasing, what geographies are we concentrating on in 
the opening remarks you mentioned about you being positive about rural recovery 
coming back, that is the first question. Secondly, chemist channel was very important 
during COVID time so as Zandu healthcare sales are now bouncing back on the low 
basis and on normalize base how much is that important for Zandu healthcare doing 
well from here on and Kesh King what seems to be hurting us because growth remains 
muted there despite we trying organic shampoo, new variants. What is happening in 
some of these things? So are not small packs working in Kesh King. What is 
happening? Those are my three questions. 
Mohan Goenka: 
So Prakash rural as I said is still muted. I would not say that it has bounced back but of 
course the election season is going to come in now very soon and government we are 
all hearing good amount of spends coming in from infrastructure rural side. So we all 
are hopeful that the market should bounce back. At the same time with our project 
Khoj reaching out to almost 60,000 villages. Those projects are almost complete and 
due to our investments in these channels, we have somehow managed to sail through 
and we have not declined with the kind of weakness that has been in the market. Same 
lies in chemist also. We have expanded our chemist reach to 1,25,000 outlets now 
through the new initiative. There also if you see very specific expansion in chemist 
channels, our growth in chemist is almost 20% so these are initiatives. Unfortunately, 
as I said, the markets are slightly weak. Once the consumer demand at rural end, any of 
these channels bounce back, we would significantly benefit. As I said, we are well 
prepared. We are well geared, but very difficult to say when the market would bounce 
back. As far as Kesh King is concerned, it has a cycle. So I am not very worried about 
it. Yes, this quarter we have declined, but I am again confident that in the third quarter 
we will see a growth because it has to do with consumer promotion at times. When 
there is a consumer promotion, the sales really goes up and when we withdraw the 
sales comes down a bit. So, hopefully we will end up the year with the growth positive 
note. 
Prakash Kapadia: 
I will join back if I have more questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi, good evening. Mohan ji, Rajesh ji and the team. What I understand is you in the 
beginning said that you are happy with the growth which has happened. So if you can 
break because to our understanding June, July, and August was bad. So is the recovery 
back ended or it is front ended because the season is panning out and we have been 
able to get some benefit because of the loading of the products which is more relevant 
to the winter care. 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
Mohan Goenka: 
Shirish honestly, we have not loaded so much stock, what actually we had done last 
year. So that is not a big concern. I would say yes, the markets are still weak and most 
of the growth in this quarter has come from the e-com and some of our strategic 
investments that we had done. So we are still waiting for winter to set in honestly. Post 
Diwali we will get a fair picture how the winter products are panning out to be. 
Whatever loading had to be done is done in the month of October and September, but 
we will have to still wait for the secondaries to happen. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
The reason why I am asking because if you have not done the loading of winter 
products say end of September, but the initial report says that the winter is started 
setting in the north. So assume that last year we had a bad winter or the winter was not 
so severe. So given that benign base are you confident or is there signs on ground 
seeing that the rural and urban markets are faring well in last 30-40 days? 
Mohan Goenka: 
You can say so Shirish that markets have definitely slightly bounced back. It is not the 
same weakness what was in the month of July, August. So the festive season has gone 
down well last year if you would see the pooja festivals or the Diwali was all in the 
month of October. This year the Diwali is mid November, so markets typically bounce 
back post the Diwali festival. I am talking of the more GT. The secondary will happen 
particularly for our brands post Diwali. Last year Diwali was in October. We will have 
to wait for another 10-15 days to see how the secondaries actually pick up, yes, but you 
are right that now the winter has set in some of the markets in the north. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay my second question is on the strategic investment what we have made in the Man 
company and Brillare so will you be able to quantify what is the revenue we have got 
this year and last year same quarter. So 63% growth is very humongous and more 
qualitatively what this growth is driven and what are the things is there product 
portfolios expanding, is the reach is expanding or is the genuine e-commerce trend is 
moving and picking up this brands? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So there are multiple reasons Shirish. Of course the focus has increased tremendously 
on both the companies. There is premiumization which is happening. We have also 
launched a lot of new products in Helios and Brillare and at the same time we have 
gone beyond e-com. A lot is now coming to modern trade and also to some of the large 
GT stores. So that is also helping in expanding the Man company portfolio and as far 
as the revenues are concerned we will not be able to give very specific numbers, but 
the base is not very low now.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
I mean in terms of revenue contribution or what is the absolute number put together 
both of the brands not saying individual now we are consolidating so from the margin 
perspective what is it that are broken even at the EBITDA level or there is some loss 
which are still booking in this year? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So TMCs now breakeven but Brillare still, but it is a very miniscule kind of margin 
erosion honestly. As far as the percentage contribution is concerned both the brands put 
together should be in the range of about around 5%.  
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Total five or 5% each. 
Mohan Goenka: 
Total around 5%. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay my last question is on the margin front though we have seen an impressive 
recovery and you said in Q4 that there is no problem of getting the margin back. From 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
here onwards what are the margin levers which we have because directionally most of 
the raw material is, looking downward except LLP at this time which is little firm so 
any reading, any thought through how we should look at the second-half margin? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Second half margins, again Shirish I am saying that is not a concern honestly because 
raw material prices are still benign. As I said both these channels, modern trade and e-
com, which now contributes to almost 24-25% there the margins are relatively lower 
compared to the GT channels and we see significant improvement in margins in some 
of these channels, so margin is not a concern. We are only awaiting a good set of 
winter and some rural recovery. That is it. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay Mohan ji. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
Percy Panthaki: 
Hi Sir. On the portfolio of the male grooming, the Fair and Handsome, what really we 
need to do to make this brand sort of back on the growth path because I understand the 
overall demand scenario is weak and as that improves of course that is one part of the 
equation. But apart from that is there anything else to be done? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Yes, Percy, I think as marketers we are definitely looking at what major changes brand 
needs to go through because you are right that brand has come to almost at the kind of 
stagnancy and we definitely have plans as far as marketing is concerned, so it needs a 
complete re-launch and we are working towards it. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Sir on the other part of the portfolio, which is sort of the Boroplus portfolio. It was 
originally in a cream, then you launched lotions etc., can you give some idea on what is 
the contribution of lotions because lotions is more of a mainstream format which is 
catching on. So are we seeing that over the years the salience of lotion has like 
definitely increased and that is sort of becoming more of a mainstream rather than just 
the antiseptic cream now? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Definitely Percy I think Boroplus brand is no more just an antiseptic cream. So we 
have significant contributions coming in from lotion, Boroplus soap, Boroplus Soft, 
Boroplus Aloe Vera Gel. So these are the four brands under Boroplus and the 
contribution of these brands should be around more than 20-22% in the total Boroplus 
scheme of things. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. Yes that is all from me. We can go back to the question queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Hi Mohan ji thanks for the opportunity again. Two questions in the international 
business though this quarter we have seen a very strong growth but what we also learn 
from you that there is a currency devaluation which has happened in certain part. CIS is 
one of the important piece to our strategy and that has seen some weakness. I mean I 
understand there is Russia geopolitical disturbance but I think if I look back last four or 
five years, we have taken a lot of actions. So when do we see a double-digit growth and 
the part two to this question is that do you think the second half also we will be seeing 
a very strong double-digit growth in the international business? 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
Vivek Dhir: 
Yes Mr. Shirish CIS Russia this is one bad quarter which happened for us due to some 
uncontrollable issues but when you look at the CAGR over the quarters and quarters, it 
is performing very well for us that market and we expect it to bounce back in Q3 and 
Q4 again to a decent growth rates due to the efforts which we had made in the 
marketplace over the years. So that is not a concern. The concern which happened was 
more internal in nature and we could not handle that particular thing and that is behind 
us now on that particular issue. Most markets are showing growth and even the MPDs 
which we have done in Russia in CIS they have got a very decent acceptance with the 
trade channels, although most of our revenues come out of pharmaceutical channel 
over there where the purchase packs is in the units of 3 units or 2 units at time by a 
pharmacy. Even then our acceptance for MPDs is becoming very decent over there. So 
we see a very bright future in this market going forward as well. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay my second question is on Zandu I think Gulraj ji I was more keen to look at 
double digit growth in healthcare given the base is benign. The growth in Q2 is just 4% 
though we have seen a very strong momentum on the e-commerce but could you talk 
something on the GT channel, how it is faring well or what is it that the product 
interventions which are doing. I mean the base is now going to be normalized in second 
half also so can we expect a double-digit growth? 
Gulraj Bhatia: 
Thanks Mr. Pardeshi for your question. So actually on the back of Zandu better Q1, we 
did see a decline in terms of the growth numbers in Q2 specifically in the medico 
business. If you see overall also it has not been just limited to Zandu. If you see the 
overall market for various reasons in Q2 for the entire OTC and medico business is a 
bit of a challenge more stagnant in Q2. So in one of our major other players in the 
markets declared the results a day or two back. So they have also had a fairly 
challenging Q2 and the current couple of months have been much stronger for the OTC 
business. So we do see Q3 to be much better. May not be strong double-digit growth, 
but definitely high single digit growth is what we are seeing and we do see the market 
being on an upward trend and the general business will be on upper trend in the coming 
quarters. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay my last question on the sales front, I think Mohan ji you alluded saying that 
project Khoj, the project is now done. There are a lot of benefits. I am sure you would 
have got it because of the distribution in the rural but therefore my question to Mr. 
Gupta is that what is the next strategy which we are trying to look at. Is the distribution 
efforts has already done and now we are looking for throughput or there is still further 
room for growth in terms of sales efforts to get into maybe tier three, tier four towns 
and maybe some colour, the alternate channels are firing well but the core problem is 
still lying in the GT. So what are the efforts, initiatives which we are expecting for next 
two to three quarters? 
Manish Gupta: 
Thanks for your question. So I think project Khoj has prepared the foundation and laid 
the very solid foundation for reach to these markets. As Mohan ji mentioned earlier in 
the call, as the markets recover back, I think we are sitting and waiting for these 
demands to perk up so that we can service very quickly. Now to your query about what 
other initiatives are happening, as he mentioned earlier on, whether it is the middle 
Indian markets or whether it is the pharmacy channel opportunities we have done a lot 
of good work over the last few years, so it is all there. I mean the basic foundations are 
there and as the demand perks up our GTM is there to fire it up in terms of the 
fulfillment story. 

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay but is there any special initiatives which we are planning to take once the market 
recovery happens and this question is more pertaining to rural because I do understand 
the weakness is there, the food inflation has now started subsiding but in terms of 
structural changes, in terms of distribution or what we can do the justice to lift the 
sales. 
Manish Gupta: 
See a lot has happened over the last two or three years. I think we first need to chew 
what we have bitten. We first need to put the performance through these channels, 
make the foundation stronger and continue to do that. The current reach that we have is 
quite a lot and if you have to maintain the current cost to serve and maintain the 
profitability out of those channels, I think the prudent thing is to stay and first get the 
sales out of it. Then we will take the next step in terms of what next bite has to be 
taken. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay alright. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nitin from Emkay. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin: 
Hi thanks a lot for giving me the opportunity. M y first question is with respect to the 
guidance we have provided 8 to 10% top line in international growth, double digit 
growth in healthcare and male grooming and 200 to 250 bps margin expansion. So like 
how post Q2 numbers and how do you see the guidance holding on? 
Mohan Goenka: 
So we do not give guidance Nitin let us say, but surely you have seen that our margins 
have expanded by 200 basis points and I am very confident that we will end up the year 
by at least 200 basis points expansion in margin. That is what it looks like and top line 
number also you have seen for the first half, we have done almost 7% and we will hope 
to end the year also in the similar range. Of course a lot will depend on the winter 
season and rural recovery but we are confident that we will be able to do high single 
digit growth so markets are very, very stable I would say. I am more confident on the 
margin front. We can recover very significantly if the winter sets in well and there is 
good amount of rural recovery but in this difficult times I would say 7% is also a good 
top line number. 
Nitin: 
Yes certainly and in terms of like with the competitive intensity does any of your 
categories seen any sort of surge in competition? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Not so much Nitin only in the cool oil we had seen Dabur launching a cool oil so that is 
the only new competition that we have seen. So let us see. 
Nitin: 
Thank you and lastly in terms of this festive period so any part of the portfolio which is 
more skewed towards festival like would you like to highlight? 
Mohan Goenka: 
Towards festival. 
Nitin: 
Yes. 
Mohan Goenka: 
No we do not have any specific skew. We are more winter skewed. 
Nitin: 
Thank you.  

 
 
 
                         Emami Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We thank all the participants for joining us at Q2 con call. Thank you IIFL for 
arranging it. Thank you Percy. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you on behalf of IIFL Securities Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your line. 
Disclaimer - The following transcript has been edited for language, errors and grammar and therefore, it may not 
be a verbatim representation of the call 
 
