 
 
ALLCARGO TERMINALS LIMITED (FORMERLY KNOWN AS ALLCARGO TERMINALS PRIVATE LIMITED)  
4th Floor, A Wing, Allcargo House, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098, Maharashtra, India. 
www.allcargoterminals.com | CIN: U60300MH2019PLC320697 | GSTIN: 27AAHCT1583D1ZC 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 |E: investor.relations@allcargoterminals.com  
November 10, 2023 
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 543954 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ATL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter ended September 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and Regulation 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirement) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of earnings conference call held on Tuesday, November 07, 2023, for the second 
quarter ended September 30, 2023 
 
The transcript of recording can also be accessed on the Company’s website, from the below link: 
 
https://www.allcargoterminals.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/Q2FY24-Investor-Call-Transcript.pdf 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Terminals Limited 
 
 
 
Hardik Desai 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
HARDIK 
JITENDRA 
DESAI
Digitally signed by 
HARDIK JITENDRA 
DESAI 
Date: 2023.11.10 
16:30:42 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Terminals Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SURESH KUMAR R – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. PRITAM VARTAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. HIMANSHU YADAV – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI – INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT LOHIA – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allcargo Terminals Limited Q2 FY24 
earnings conference call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Lohia from ICICI Securities. Over to you, sir. 
Mohit Lohia: 
Good afternoon everyone. First of all, I would like to thank management of Allcargo Terminals 
Limited for providing us this opportunity to host the call. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Suresh Kumar – Managing Director and Mr. Pritam Vartak – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delays, I now hand over the call to Mr. Suresh for opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to everyone for this maiden Earnings Call of Allcargo 
Terminals Limited. 
We will discuss the performance for Q2 and H1 FY24. We have earlier in the day uploaded the 
results, press release, and presentation on the stock exchanges and the company's website. I hope 
you had an opportunity to go through the same. 
Along with me this afternoon, I have Mr. Pritam Vartak who is the Chief Financial Officer for 
Allcargo Terminals Limited and Himanshu and Sanjay from the Allcargo Investor Relations 
team. Since this is our first call, I would like to take the opportunity to walk you through the 
company and its business model and share some thoughts and insights on our growth plan too. 
After my initial note, I will hand over the call to Pritam to discuss the financial performance for 
the quarter gone by. Allcargo Terminals, as most of us would know, was established in 2003 as 
a division of Allcargo Logistics with a vision to tap into the immense opportunities in the Cargo 
Terminals vertical owing to the increasing EXIM trade opportunity in India. 
The core business of Allcargo Terminals Limited comprises container freight stations, CFS as 
we call them, and inland container depots (ICDs) operated on an asset-light model. The CFSs 
and ICDs act as an extension to the port infrastructure and are an important link in the movement 
of containerized cargo. Today, Allcargo Terminals is one of the largest CFS operators in the 
country offering India's widest CFS/ICD network. We operate 7 CFS and ICD facilities in India 
of which four are fully owned by us and three are held through subsidiaries and joint ventures. 
ATL is well positioned at key ports of JNPT Nhava Sheva, Mundra, Chennai, and Kolkata that 
drive approximately 70% of India's container traffic. We are also well placed to capture the ICD 
opportunity driven by the development and forward strides in the past few years and dedicated 
freight corridors (DFC). 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
In the CFS business, we have an estimated market share of 13% with the privilege of being the 
market leader in Nhava Sheva JNPT and Mundra. In both these locations, we have 2 facilities 
each. And we are amongst the top 3 CFSs in Kolkata and Chennai. We cater to approximately 
3,000 customers and are empanelled with all major shipping lines. ATL offers customized 
services that include, but are not limited to palletization, packing, labeling, stuffing, de-stuffing, 
storage, examination of import & export bound cargo – the entire sequence of activities which 
are there in EXIM. We operate bonded and unbonded warehouses. We are specialized in cargo 
handling, direct port delivery, and all this together comprises the service portfolio that we offer 
our customers. Allcargo Terminals also has an expertise and experience in handling ODC which 
is the over dimensional cargo and hazardous cargo which we refer to as the HAZMAT handling. 
We own and operate state of the art equipment at our CFS facilities, and we also at various times 
hire and rent out equipments to facilitate smooth operations. We have a digital-first approach 
with our own online portal and the app that we have created called myCFS. The portal facilitates 
faceless operations for our customers and helps them access several online facilities such as 
priority movement of cargo, grounding for examination, and such allied services. The portal also 
allows customers to generate proforma invoices and OSR-related documentation, etc. Customers 
can track status and location of their containers via the myCFS portal which we have opened out 
to our customers, be it the CHAs or the direct customers, using RFID-enabled container tracking. 
For us, the year 2023, twenty years since we started our first CFS, is a landmark one. This is the 
year in which we listed in August, and we believe this is the time for fresh beginnings, a year 
we conduct growth pilots and chart a new course for ourselves. Allcargo Terminals has laid 
down strategic pillars to fuel our future growth. I would like to clarify that at this stage, I am 
discussing the broader roadmap to achieve desired growth. We shall be able to share specific 
timelines and numbers on some of these opportunities as we move closer to actual execution. 
The pillars that we have identified are five-fold. 
First is organic and inorganic growth of the CFS business. The company will continue its efforts 
to outpace industry growth. We will focus on market share and wallet share for growth and 
profitability, and overall, we shall aim to double our volumes in the next 4 years. We will also 
explore opportunities to expand our geographic presence through new CFSs in areas where we 
are not present currently or have a room to strengthen our existing position. This is the first pillar 
of our growth strategy. 
The second one is to explore opportunities through DFCC-linked ICDs and Gati Shakti 
terminals. As some of you would be aware, we will also look to launch our ICD at Jhajjar to 
align with benefits available through the Western DFC connectivity. In addition to the ICD, we 
are exploring the immense opportunity offered by the Gati Shakti terminals. We have identified 
4 to 6 key locations for this purpose, and we will go along the DFC stretch in this and we will 
look to participate successfully in the tendering process. That's the second pillar. 
The third pillar is about operations excellence and digitalization. This is something that we have 
already initiated through the digital portal that I briefly spoke about earlier and the myCFS app 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
that we have now enabled our customers to access our services from wherever they are. With 
this, we plan to digitize the customer journey end to end and link it up with the necessary 
infrastructure and government systems as and when that happens. This will definitely improve 
efficiencies, reduce effort, and help save time for our customers and for our operations. That's 
the third pillar. 
The 4th pillar is to be looking at adjacencies to the CFS business. We believe CFS is something 
which is a vital cog in the entire supply chain and there are elements ahead of the CFS and after 
the CFS to which we can add value. One such thing is the hub & spoke service model for 
transportation of container cargo that we are exploring and we are ready for a pilot in Q3 FY24. 
That's the 4th pillar. 
The final and the 5th pillar is the strategic partnerships that we will explore and enter into. Like, 
for example, with shipping lines. In the last half year, we had entered into a strategic partnership 
with one large shipping line to be their exclusive CFS for their entire volumes at the Kolkata 
port. We will actively look at such partnerships at our other ports also in the future. We believe 
the long-standing relationships which the Allcargo Group has will help us in this endeavor. 
These are the 5 pillars of our growth strategy that we have kind of charted out. 
Having said that, what do I feel are the trends in the industry which have relevance for us? I 
would like to throw some light on some recent industry trends. Merchandise exports for the 
period H1 – April to September 2023 – stood at approximately USD 211 billion, as compared 
to USD 232 billion for the same period last year. Merchandise imports for April to September 
2023 stood at USD 327 billion compared to USD 373 billion for the same period. Logistics 
sector is anticipated to experience favorable growth driven by domestic consumption and the 
many government initiatives like the PLI scheme, the National Rail Plan, Gati Shakti, and 
foreign trade policy; and we are closely watching any opportunity that emanates from this. The 
foreign trade policy announced by the government augurs really well for the EXIM trade. The 
policy has been drafted keeping in mind the changing needs of international trade and it has set 
an ambitious target of achieving exports worth 2 trillion USD by 2030. Other government 
schemes are more focused towards building a robust infrastructure that will encourage multi-
modal transport and supplement faster movement of goods. 
With this, I would like to now hand it over to Pritam for discussing the financial highlights for 
Q2 and H1 FY24. 
Pritam Vartak: 
Good afternoon everyone, and a very warm welcome to our Q2 and H1 FY2024 earnings call. I 
will take you through the highlights of financial results for the second quarter and half year 
ended September 2023. I would like to start with quarterly highlights. Total volume for Q2 FY24 
stood at 1,56,647 TEUs, as compared to 1,39,000 TEUs for Q2 FY23. Revenue for the quarter 
stood at Rs. 185 crores, as compared to Rs. 178 crores for Q2 FY23. EBITDA for the quarter 2 
FY24 stood at Rs. 32 crores, as compared to Rs. 40 crores for Q2 FY23. This implies an EBITDA 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
per TEU of Rs. 2,067. The company reported a net profit of Rs. 12 crores for Q2 FY24, as 
compared to Rs. 14 crores for Q2 FY23. 
For the half year ended September 2023, volumes handled stood at 3,04,900 TEUs, as compared 
to 2,73,500 TEUs during the same period in 2022. Revenue for the half year stood at Rs. 366 
crores, as compared to Rs. 347 crores for H1 FY23. EBITDA for H1 FY24 stood at Rs. 61 crores, 
as compared to Rs. 81 crores for H1 FY23. The company reported a net profit of Rs. 21 crores 
for H1 FY24, as compared to Rs. 33 crores for H1 FY23. On the balance sheet side, consolidated 
net debt for the company stood at positive Rs. 11 crores (Net Cash) as of September 2023 in 
comparison to Rs. 19 crores net debt as of March 2023. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for a question & answer session. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for 
a moment while the question queue assembles. 
We’ll take the first question from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand our EBITDA pre-IndAS has fallen by a much higher number 
when compared on a YoY basis. If you could help me understand that. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
The EBITDA numbers if you were to compare on a YoY basis, let's set the context for that. One 
is with regard to volumes. We have seen an increase in volume compared to last year by about 
13% on a YoY basis. This volume has also come in with a higher percentage of DPD, the cargo 
mix between export and import has also changed, plus with capacity available in some of our 
key CFS locations, i.e., tariff pressures and rebates which are available for customers to choose. 
To remain competitive in a time in which there are tariff pressures plus the other factors that I 
mentioned, there is some amount of EBITDA dilution that we have seen and we believe that’s 
the trend in the industry. What we have done is to try and maintain an EBITDA per TEU and 
our profitability margins ahead of industry average, or in our estimate, we would try to be the 
industry leaders in terms of profitability margins. That is how I would kind of respond to your 
question about the profitability margins change. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, my question was, when I look from a cash flows from financing perspective, our lease 
payments and interest have gone up; in the same lines, our ROU has been on the similar lines, 
but still our EBITDA has declined. That's what the question was. And why this discrepancy in 
the lease payments from a YoY perspective? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Not sure what discrepancies you are talking about. Can you elaborate your question again? 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, the lease payment on the interest is Rs. 17 crores for this quarter. They were negligible 
around Rs. 30 lakhs to Rs. 32 lakhs in the previous year. However, our ROU was on the similar 
lines. I am asking regarding that. Why is that difference coming? 
Pritam Vartak: 
The lease payments when you are talking about IndAS accounting, this payment doesn't form 
part of P&L. What forms as a part of P&L is interest and depreciation on ROU assets. If you see 
our finance cost, that's in line. And if you see our depreciation, that's also in line. There are no 
discrepancies and there are no changes as such. 
Madhur Rathi: 
But sir, why is this figure for Rs. 17 crores for this quarter and around Rs. 30 lakhs for the 
previous year same quarter? That's what I'm trying to understand. 
Pritam Vartak: 
There is no figure of Rs. 17 crores. Not sure which figure you are looking at. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I am looking at page number 6 of the results. 
Pritam Vartak: 
We are not identifying the figures which you are saying. Maybe you can drop an email and we 
can respond to that. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, my next question would be what is our CAPEX plan for the next 2 to 3 years since we are 
looking at adding new CFSs and ICDs into our portfolio? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
As I mentioned in my introductory remarks, ATL's business model is based on being asset light. 
Therefore, the CAPEX that we anticipate for our growth is very negligible because whatever are 
the regular maintenance CAPEX that we have is the only thing that we need. New facilities will 
typically be on the asset-light model like how we have some of our existing facilities. This will 
be on a right-of-use model, and therefore we don't anticipate significant CAPEX deployment for 
expansion or additions of CFSs in the coming quarters and years. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, my final question is what will be the steady state EBITDA margin that we should expect 
going forward? 
Pritam Vartak: 
We have seen the uptrend in EBITDA in this quarter and we are expecting that this upward trend 
would continue for the rest of the year. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what will be our guidance for the top line and bottom line growth for the next 2 to 3 years? 
Pritam Vartak: 
We avoid giving any guidance. But as I said before, we are expecting our volumes to get doubled 
in the next 4 years. And the upward trend which we have seen would continue going forward as 
well. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Mr. Mehul from RW Equity. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Mehul: 
Congratulations on the start of a new journey as an independent listed company. Basically, the 
fundamental question is more on the business model. Earlier as being an integral part of Allcargo 
Logistics, everything was within the company. Now as an independent organization, I just 
wanted to understand how does the customer ownership work? My question is in terms of 
synergy with the contract logistics business, how does the customer ownership and relationship 
get driven? Is it by them? Is it by us? Or how does that synergy work? Similarly, TransIndia has 
acquired 2 new land parcels. How does that opportunity come into play for any potential upside 
for Allcargo Terminals? A little bit more color on as an independent organization, how does the 
business model work independent of Allcargo Logistics. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Thank you for your good wishes as we start our new journey. With regard to the strategic 
demerger, one of the things it is expected to give ATL and the other demerged entities is strategic 
independence and financial flexibility, and this is the stand that we have been taking and this has 
been part of the strategic demerger process. This kind of now gives each of the independent 
entities access to resources without having to kind of balance between whether this is something 
that an investor who has come to us specifically for one line of business would appreciate or not. 
That is what the biggest benefit the strategic demerger has offered to us. Now comes the question 
of customers and the customer experience and especially of customers who choose multiple 
products within the Allcargo Group. Within the Group, we have built a mechanism to ensure 
that customer handover between the entities doesn't kind of fall between. And there are 
customers who possibly have started off with CFS and who would want opportunities to do the 
ocean trade business or the 3PL business through Allcargo supply chain. 
We have a robust cross sales mechanism by which inquiries and leads are passed between the 
organizations and these are fulfilled. These are centrally tracked by a Center of Excellence which 
looks at customer experience. And whenever the customer has got multiple products with the 
Allcargo Group, they are very closely watched to ensure that they don't have any gaps between 
their experiences when they interact with multiple organizations. This is something that we have 
factored in with the Center of Excellence model that we have. 
Having said that, if a customer has originally been a CFS customer, that's the largest portion of 
the business that the customer is giving us. CFS sales team, the service team, and the operations 
team take ownership of ensuring that the integrated services are offered to the customer by team 
members interacting across the organization. For this, we are also now moving on to digital 
solutions across the organization with a common CRM platform which we will have at some 
point in time, which will ensure that within the organization, there is one view of the customer, 
as they do business with our different entities. It is a combination of what we have done in the 
past plus a digital technology edge that we do to it. And the third one is having a Center of 
Excellence which looks at customers who have got multiple sets of products and solutions that 
they require from us. That's how we are managing this, and that's how this will evolve as we go 
forward. 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Mehul: 
Just a question here. Is there any commercial upside, let’s say, if you get additional business for 
a group company or the other way around if a group company gets new business for you? Is 
there a commercial incentive on either side to drive that? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
No, there is no commercial incentive that we have set for that because all of the entities are part 
of the same promoter group company, and therefore, they work independently which is why the 
cross sales lead transfer mechanism facilitated by CRM works as a platform for exchanging 
leads and ensuring that customer solutions are done. 
Mehul: 
And the other part about the TransIndia. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
The other part of Trans India is the way in which we operate our asset-light model is – I can talk 
on behalf of ATL – when I scan the environment and look at opportunities that I would like to 
get into, one that we know of is like Jhajjar. This has been on the growth plan for the CFS 
division for a while, and we have indicated that as an area of interest for us and TREL has 
managed to acquire the necessary land parcels there and will build the facility based upon an 
expression of interest that has come from our side. Similarly, across the country, there are places 
where we can rely on the group organization to help us. We will lean on them to provide us a 
solution. This doesn't mean that we can't look at the facilities outside the group to lease things. 
If those opportunities are available, we will do that also. TREL’s role is we kind of present our 
areas of interest to them and if they are able to fit that with their business plan and if they are 
able to give us the right value proposition, then we would like to take these assets on lease from 
TREL. That's the working arrangement between us and TREL. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Shubham Desai, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Shubham Desai: 
Sir, my first question will be, as you said, there is a pillar of technology in the business model, 
in what part of the value chain would be this new technology and digitization be employed? And 
what is the spend of this technology deployment in the business model? And also, when will the 
Jhajjar CFS be online, and what kind of volume are you expecting from this? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
The simpler one is to answer the second one. We are targeting 2025-26 for commissioning the 
Jhajjar facility. And we are in the process of firming up our plans to develop an ICD with rail 
connectivity and ensure that it runs at its optimum capacity. The cargo traffic that is required 
and the various tie-ups that we have to get into, we are in the process of working on that. Closer 
to commissioning, I think we will share the detailed business plan for the facility. But in terms 
of timing, we are looking at 2025-26 as the timeline for launching the Jhajjar facility. 
To your first question about digital, very early in the CFS journey, right in 2011 or 2010 itself, 
I think Allcargo had invested in what has then become industry standard as what we call the 
CFS-MAG, and that has been the platform that we have been using all along. And now we have 
further upgraded that platform with minimal investments and also offered a portal enablement 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
for the same and an app version of the same for our customers. Where does this actually come 
in for the customers? Through the app, one can actually understand the location of the containers, 
the track & trace whatever one needs to know, plus upload necessary documents and also place 
necessary service requests. Before this app and before the portal, some of this work had to be 
necessarily done physically by someone visiting our CFS. And typically if you were to look at 
it, a lot of our CFSs would be set up outside the city limits and therefore there is a certain amount 
of commute that one would have to do to come to the CFS. What this helps the CHA associates 
and the partners of our business is they can now do some of the work that they were doing 
standing in front of a counter even before they visit our CFS. This also brings in some amount 
of efficiency for them because typically, depending upon the volumes, there are CHA 
representatives assigned for different CFSs. And if some of this work can happen digitally, then 
one person can actually double hat for multiple CFSs. That is where this comes from the value 
chain of the current operations. And we are in the process of making this as digital as possible, 
and at the appropriate time when this can be linked with the existing customs systems and 
everything with due permissions and technology permitting, we will do the necessary API and 
interfaces at that point of time. 
To summarize, investments are minimal. This builds upon the CFS-MAG which was a 
pioneering innovation of Allcargo. We have taken this to the next level. There is a portal and 
app interface now possible. We will look at an API interface in future. This reduces a lot of 
manual work for the CHA team and therefore efficiencies come in. 
Shubham Desai: 
To my understanding, most of this technology deployment is on the customer interface side. Am 
I right? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Yes, on the customer interface side. 
Shubham Desai: 
So, are you looking at any automation in the operational side of the business? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Automation as much as possible with regard to track & trace within our facilities, RFID is 
already implemented. And through the CFSAI, we have also made representations to the CBIC 
and the customs authorities to help us give virtual boundaries rather than physical boundaries 
and segregation of commodities. This is a proposal that we are working closely with the CFS 
Association because we believe this is something which can help everyone utilize the yard's 
capacity in a better manner if we can kind of have virtual boundaries. That's the technology 
deployment opportunity that we see. But this requires regulatory permission and we are working 
with the government authorities and customs through CFSAI to achieve this. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gurvinder Singh from Fortuna Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead, sir. 
Gurvinder Singh: 
My question is regarding your working capital entries. I wanted to understand what part of your 
receivables and payables are with group entities versus third parties. 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Suresh Kumar R: 
I would request Pritam to please share numbers on this, or if you would require time to tabulate 
this and share, would you want to collect the email and send a response? 
Pritam Vartak: 
Yes, we will get back to you with the exact percentage of receivables and payables. However, 
receivables from the group companies don’t have a significant amount. From payables, as we 
discussed that there is TREL with whom we are having lease transactions, those are the things 
where we have payables. And all the transactions which we are doing are on an arm's length 
basis. That's the reason we have some payable amount. And the receivable amounts whatever 
we have are not very significant. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Mehul from RW Equity. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mehul: 
Sir, I just wanted to check more on the inorganic front. What is the appetite that the company 
management has in terms of taking on debt for the right opportunity considering our current 
balance sheet? Because, Allcargo as a group has always grown aggressively by successfully 
acquiring companies. We are really hoping that it's kind of replicated here. Just a little more 
color on how you are thinking about the inorganic growth front. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
I will go back to the guiding principles by which Allcargo Terminals business model has been 
crafted. We will remain committed to the asset-light model. Acquisitions of attractive 
opportunities will come up and that is something that we believe is something waiting to happen 
in the industry. And if one were to kind of link that up with the earlier question on profitability, 
with profitability margins under pressure, at some point in time, we see there will be some kind 
of consolidation and opportunities could come up. If such suitable opportunities come up, we 
would factor that into the asset-light model of working and see how we operate those facilities 
while the hard CAPEX required for that remains out of ATL because we believe our core 
competency is running and operating CFSs and delivering great customer experience – and now 
we will add digital to it – and we will remain focused on this. Managing the asset, I think we are 
privileged to have other portions in our group, who do that as their business and they have their 
core competency. We will synergize with them as much as possible even when we are looking 
at inorganic opportunities. 
Mehul: 
I just wanted to get a sense because I think it's something similar to what you have done in the 
case of when you did the acquisition of Speedy Multimodes. On those lines, if something do you 
feel there could be opportunities or a pipeline that could fructify in the future? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Mr. Mohit from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Mohit Lohia: 
I have 2-3 questions. Number one is, how are we planning to use cash accruals over the medium 
term in terms of CAPEX, dividend distribution, etc.? The question number two would be what 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
is our core focus area for the growth and what would be the key growth lever for us? And the 
third is, who are the key competitors of our CFS business? While we have seen that industry has 
not grown that much, but surprisingly, our volume was much better – I think 13% YoY basis 
growth. What are the key growth drivers for the volumes? And can you also share with us 
terminal-wise growth in the volumes? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
So, I think three questions. One, you were talking about the financial aspect and CAPEX 
deployment for the future. I will leave that to Pritam to answer. The other two questions with 
regard to what are our growth areas, how do we plan to grow in future, and our competitive 
position, let me try to answer them, Mohit. With regard to the growth that we have seen this half 
year, this is a growth which has happened due to a set of actions which have happened over a 
period of time. And some of these actions are around the sales acceleration program that we have 
across the different facilities and the closer customer connect and contact that we have. I think 
we operate a sales team and a sales process which is evolved and keeps very very close track of 
our customers. And I told you we operate with a base of approximately 3,000 customers and 
with empanelment of all shipping lines. This is something which we very closely follow through. 
Second thing which has helped us in some way to differentiate our services versus competition 
is the enablement of digital facilities that I briefly spoke to you about. While there are still a lot 
of things that we can offer, the ultimate is to have an API interface with the ICEGATE and that 
is a long way before we reach there. The small steps that we have taken, I think, are getting good 
response from customers. As you know, in our business, we have two sets of customers. One is 
the shipping lines and then you have the CHAs and the consignees. And this is a service which 
is not really for shipping lines. This is a service which is actually meant for CHAs and the 
consignees. And the response that we have got from them in terms of acknowledgement that we 
are trying to do something different, has been very positive. The third thing is, in the last 6 
months, there have been multiple times we have seen difficulties faced by the industry. For 
example, one of them was the Biparjoy cyclone which hit Mundra, and I would like to credit 
how our teams worked there to respond to the situation. I think it was a very very difficult 
situation for everybody. It was one of the severest cyclones which had hit that part of our country. 
There was so much of dislocation of services, but I think the response which was crafted together 
by our teams managed us to win the confidence of our customers. These are some things which 
have helped us. One, I said very very close tracking of our customers. Second is the digital initial 
steps that we are taking and the very very sharp focus that we have on operational excellence 
and responding to customer requirements, I think, is helping us. There is also, obviously the 
shipping line relationships and whatever volumes come in, and then there is a DPD competition 
which happens along with everybody. We participate in them as much as possible. 
One of the things we have tried being part of the Allcargo group is to maintain price sanity as 
much as possible, and that is something which we would like to hold on because finally we are 
all in this business to grow and serve customers well and serve our stakeholders well. We are 
not in this for short-term gains of making some additional volume for a particular month and 
then kind of not knowing what happened. We would rather do this in a systematic long-term 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
way. And some of the efforts that we have taken over the past so many quarters across different 
occasions have helped us. 
The two major facilities if you were to look at are Mundra and JNPT. The advantages of running 
two different CFSs also accrue to us. I will request my Investor Relations team to share with you 
the growth that we have in the different locations separately. I don't have it readily. That can be 
sent to you. I hope I pitched up on the points that you talked about. And the one thing that you 
asked me is about inorganic growth and what are our future growth things. Clearly, in the 5 
pillars that I spoke to you, the first and the primary pillar will still be to get additional business 
from CFCs and ICDs, one through existing locations and one through geographic expansion 
whenever we see an opportunity, and we definitely see an opportunity for that in the coming 2 
to 3 quarters. Let's see how some of these things emanate. The second one is the Gati Shakti 
terminals and the work around it. We have expressed interest for about 4 to 6 stations. We believe 
that can add volumes to us in the coming quarters and years. Third I mentioned to you about the 
hub & spoke arrangement which is our earnest attempt to participate in the customers’ cargo 
value chain after the cargo leaves the CFS. We believe there is an opportunity for us. And if you 
were to look at the configuration of various markets, it all is a hub & spoke. If you were to look 
at Nhava Sheva, it’s a hub and then you have got Pune-Pimpri-Chinchwad, Vapi. All these places 
are hubs which Nhava Sheva supplies. Once the container leaves our CFS facility can we partner 
with the customer either through other arms of the Allcargo group or by ourselves in 
warehousing and other value addition is something that we are exploring. This is a hub & spoke 
pilot that I briefly explained. If it works well, we will want to extend that. 
Then the other pillar that I talked to was digital operations excellence and the last one that I told 
you was wherever there is an opportunity for strategic alliances, be it with shipping lines or be 
it with other organizations who help us do the business in the asset-light model, we will be open 
to do that. That is how our growth strategy is charted out. 
Onto the first question, Pritam, would you answer? 
Pritam Vartak: 
The first question was around CAPEX and cash accrual. You have already clarified that ATL’s 
business model is basically asset light. In spite of that, if there are opportunities and business 
projects where the CAPEX investments are justified, we will look at that investment at the time 
of execution. In terms of cash accrual, which is happening month on month, we are investing it 
in short-term investments. And whenever there is an opportunity for organic growth or any other 
investment, we will use that. If that's not there, then of course, the board and the AGM would 
take the decision for dividend payout at an appropriate time. That's how we are looking to use 
our cash accruals. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Mr. Mehul from RW Equity. 

 
Allcargo Terminals Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Mehul: 
Sorry for the interruption. This is my last question for sure. Sir, there is a very high EXIM 
imbalance right now, but if that were to normalize a couple of quarters down the line, to what 
extent can it help our margins or it is largely neutral for us? 
Suresh Kumar R: 
First of all, Mehul, please don't say sorry to us. The interest that you show in our company is 
most welcome. And the more questions that come from you helps us think better. So, thank you 
very much for your questions. On the point about the EXIM imbalance, we are watching this 
closely. There was a time in which there was one leg which used to be significantly more 
profitable than the other. But as an industry watcher, I'm sure you have started realizing that this 
is now getting normalized and there is no significant difference between the different legs – 
between export and import – unless there are specific value additions like reefer or over 
dimensional cargo or any of those things which come in, which obviously come with additional 
work and therefore additional services, and therefore an opportunity for us to get some additional 
revenue and maybe margins. So, the EXIM trade we just are not overly bothered about the 
imbalance because there is an export story which is waiting to happen and we would like to 
definitely participate in it. Imports, which has always been the mainstay of the CFS businesses, 
if it continues to progress, we will be happy. But, you know the composition change in import 
in favor of DPD and the impact it has had on the industry. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Suresh Kumar for closing comments. 
Suresh Kumar R: 
Thank you very much to everyone who patiently listened to our introductory note, and for the 
many questions that you have asked us today. This is our maiden call and we are really grateful 
for your participation, involvement, and the questions. There are a couple of you to whom we 
need to send in responses which our Investor Relations team will send you the responses in due 
course. Continue to keep track of us. Wishing you and your families a very very happy festival 
season – very very Happy Deepavali. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
