 
 
November 02, 2023  
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
(BSE: 542726) 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
(NSE: INDIAMART) 
 
 
Subject:  Transcript of Earnings Conference Call on financial results and developments for 
the quarter ended September 30, 2023  
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, we wish to 
inform that the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for Analysts and Investors held on October 
27, 2023, with respect to the financial performance of the Company for quarter ended  
September 30, 2023, is enclosed herewith. The copy of transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website at https://investor.indiamart.com/FinancialResultsStatements.aspx. 
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
 
 
(Manoj Bhargava) 
Group General Counsel,  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No:    F5164 
 
Encl: As above. 
MANOJ 
BHARGAVA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ BHARGAVA 
Date: 2023.11.02 
18:41:14 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
Webinar Transcript  
 
Event: IndiaMART Q2 FY2024 Earnings Webinar  
 
Event Date/Time: October 27, 2023 at 17:00 hrs   
 
 
CORPORATE PARTICIPANTS: 
 
Mr. Dinesh Chandra Agarwal – Chief Executive Officer 
Mr. Brijesh Kumar Agrawal – Whole-Time Director 
Mr. Prateek Chandra – Chief Financial Officer 
Mr. Kshitij Agrawal – Investor Relations Team 
 
 
 
 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Kshitij Agrawal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. On behalf of IndiaMART 
InterMESH Limited, I welcome you all to the company's Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Webinar. As a reminder, all participants lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. 
 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Dinesh 
Agarwal, Chief Executive Officer; Mr. Brijesh Agarwal, Whole 
Time Director; and Mr. Prateek Chandra, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking 
in nature and may involve risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to 
Slide 3 of the earnings presentation for the detailed disclaimer. 
 
Now I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Dinesh Agarwal for 
his opening remarks. Thank you, and over to you, Dinesh. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Kshitij. Welcome everybody. Welcome to 
IndiaMART's Q2FY24 earnings webinar. We have circulated our 
earnings presentation about an hour ago, which is available on our 
own website as well as the stock exchange websites. I'm sure you 
would have gone through the presentation, and I would be very 
happy to take any questions afterwards. 
 
I'm pleased to report that IndiaMART has delivered 28% year-on-
year growth in collections to Rs. 337 Cr and 26% growth in deferred 
revenue to Rs.1,244 Cr on consolidated basis. Revenue from 
operations has also grown by 22% to 295 Cr. Total traffic grew to 
288 million and unique business inquiry grew to 24 million, 
representing a growth of about 10% and 6%, respectively. 
 
Our total paying subscription suppliers grew to 210K. As 
communicated in the previous quarter, we did a price change in our 
silver subscription on May 15th, which generally has a temporary 
impact for two quarters on our new customer acquisition. In addition 
to the price increase impact on the gross customer addition, we also 
have seen more than anticipated churn on the increased customer 
base in the silver bucket. As a result, our net customer addition was 
limited to only 2K in this particular quarter. 
 
As the impact of this price change stabilises and the improvement 
in churn happens, we will come back with the guidance on the net 
customer addition. While the customer addition has been slower 
than anticipated, we are confident of similar collection and revenue 
growth for the next 2-3 quarters. 
 
On the people front, we have added 234 employees primarily in the 
client servicing team to take care of the renewals and upgrades of 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
the existing customer. We will continue to make these investments 
and strengthening of our organisation to leverage the growth 
opportunity. 
 
Now I will hand over the call to Brijesh to update about Busy 
Infotech. Thank you. And over to you, Brijesh. 
 
Brijesh Kumar Agrawal: Hi, good evening, everyone. Busy has done a net billing of 14.6 Cr 
in this quarter. This represents a year-on-year growth of 38%. The 
revenue from operations have grown by 24% year-on-year to Rs. 
12.9 Cr, and the deferred revenue has grown by 49% to Rs. 38.1 Cr. 
The EBITDA for the quarter is at Rs. 1.7 Cr that represents a margin 
of 13%. The net profit for the quarter was Rs. 2.5 Cr. 
 
We also generated positive cash flows of Rs. 2.5 crores during the 
quarter. There were a total of about 8K new licenses that were sold 
to customers, taking the total licenses sold count to 348K at the end 
of September. The overall performance has been in line with our 
expectation and also our goals of increasing the growth rate in this 
financial year and I think we are on the path of realising the goals of 
increasing the growth rate that we've set at the beginning of the year. 
 
With this, I'll hand over the call to Prateek to discuss about the 
financial performance. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Thank you, Brijesh. Good evening, everyone. I will take you 
through the financial performance for the quarter ending September 
2023. Consolidated collection from customers and revenue from 
operations grew by 28% and 22% respectively to Rs. 337 crores and 
Rs. 295 crores. The deferred revenue for the quarter stood at Rs. 
1,244 crores, an increase of 26% on a year-on-year basis. 
IndiaMART's standalone collection from customers for the quarter 
were at Rs. 321 crores, and revenue from operations stood at Rs. 281 
crores, registering a year-on-year growth of 27% and 23%, 
respectively. 
 
Our growth in revenue was primarily driven by a 12% increase in 
paying subscription suppliers and 10% improvement in ARPU due 
to higher monetisation. Deferred revenue were at Rs. 1,205 crores, 
representing a year-on-year growth of 26%. EBITDA of 
IndiaMART's stand-alone business stood at Rs. 81 crores, 
representing a margin of 29%, marginal increase from 28% margin 
in Q1 this year. 
 
Consolidated EBITDA was at Rs. 80 crores, and consolidated net 
profit was at Rs. 69 crores. Consolidated cash generated from 
operations was Rs. 102 crores. As we had completed the buyback in 
this quarter, leading to a total pay-out of Rs. 620 crores, which 
includes buyback amount and the related taxes and expenses, 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
consolidated cash and treasury balance stood at Rs. 1,910 crores at 
the end of this quarter. 
 
Thank you very much. We are now ready to take any questions. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Kshitij Agrawal: 
We will now begin the Q&A session. If you wish to ask a question 
to the panellists, kindly raise your hand allow camera and 
microphone access. Alternatively, you may type your question in 
the chat menu and we will revert on it. Please restrict to two 
questions, so that we may be able to address the questions from all 
the participants. We will wait for a couple of seconds, while the 
question queue assembles. 
 
Moderator: 
First question is from the line of Vivekanand from Ambit Capital. 
Hi, Vivekanand, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Hi, am I audible Aditi? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Vivek. You’re audible. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Yeah, so my two questions. The first one is on the collections in the 
standalone entity. The growth was 27% faster than what 
IndiaMART has witnessed in the last several quarters. So, I wanted 
management commentary on the thought process and outlook as far 
as collections are concerned. Also, if you could call out any one-offs 
or any other element related to long duration customers renewing 
during the quarter at higher price levels. That would help. 
 
Second question is if you could give us an update on the churn levels 
across silver annual, silver monthly, platinum and gold, that will be 
helpful. Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Vivekanand. See on the collection front, I think we 
have been guiding that we always target about 25% or so and in the 
past, because we have now accumulated customer base over the last 
7-8 quarters and those customers, some of them have graduated to a 
higher package and some of them have graduated to now second 
year also that may be leading to this. There is no one-off here, 
because as I said, we are very well diversified across industries and 
across the customer, no single customer, no single industry, no 
single city contribute any large amount. So, this 26%, 27% could be 
a one or two quarter thing, but I think the collection, as I said, we 
are confident that over the next 2-3 quarters, we should be able to 
maintain our collection growth in excess of 22-23%. That is what 
I've been guiding. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Now coming to the churn side. On the platinum and gold customer, 
which is about 50% of the customer base now and contributes about 
3/4th of the total revenue, that continues to remain healthy at 1% per 
month. So, the churn in the top tier of the customers, platinum and 
gold continue to be very healthy and which contributes about 50% 
of the customer base and 75% of the revenue. While the silver 
monthly and silver annual churns have deteriorated, probably 
because of the customer base or other things, so, silver annual 
customer has moved from earlier about 2% - 3% to now close to 4% 
per month and silver monthly which used to trend at around 5-6% 
now has gone to 7% or so on the monthly basis. So there, we are 
seeing churns to be higher than usual pre-COVID churns. Thank you 
very much. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Yes, Thank you. That was helpful. So, if I look at the collections on 
a pre-COVID versus current quarter CAGR, it appears to be a 17% 
CAGR. I'm comparing it with Q2 FY20. So, is this the number that 
you feel in the long run should trend upward further? Or am I 
reading the numbers wrongly or the commentary wrongly? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: In FY '21 and FY '22, we had so many ups and downs in terms of 
customer not being there, lockdowns and everything. So, I don't 
know what kind of CAGR from that period would be helpful. I think 
longer term CAGR has been 21% and a shorter term CAGR quarter 
on quarter, sometimes around 25%, sometimes around 22%, and 
sometimes around 27%. So if the customer base has grown 
significantly in the last 6-7 quarters, which is now resulting into the 
better collections and that's been the trajectory ever. So, I think 
upwards of 20%, it should be possible whether it will be 17% or 
whether it will be 27%, that's difficult to comment on a longer-term 
basis. 
 
Prateek Chandra: 
Also, Vivekanand, if you can see consistently in the last four 
quarters, our standalone collections growth has been northwards of 
23-24%. So, it's not like, let's say, one-off scenario in this particular 
quarter, it has been consistently higher on more than 23-24% for last 
four quarters. 
 
Vivekanand: 
All right. The last follow-up, is there any specific reason, apart from 
the price hike that is causing this high churn, or have you tried to 
identify what is causing this? And what are the steps that you are 
taking to mitigate or perhaps bring churn back under control given 
that it is now weighing on your net adds and adding to so much 
uncertainty that you are unable to give a guidance even on the net 
adds? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. So, net adds has two components. One is the gross adds 
and the price impact is mainly on the gross adds. The price impact 
will not typically have a huge impact on the churn side, because 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
currently, it's only been 3-4 months of the new customers being 
added at the new price point, rest old customers are still at the old 
price point. 
 
So, while typically, it takes anywhere between 3-6 months to 
stabilise on the sales team and digest the price hike. I think there has 
been some holidays also, and it has been taking longer for us. So, 
let's say, over the next quarter or so, if we are able to fix our gross 
adds correctly back to the similar level as we had before 15th of 
May. 
 
Now coming to the churn side. The churn side is not easy to answer 
in one line, because there have been many differences, if you see 
over the last two years or so, our Tier 3 and Tier 4 customers have 
also increased as against metro customers. We have also expanded 
getting customers into many more categories than the customer 
concentration. However, it will still look 1% only but that 1% is also 
into some of these industries which may not be very conducive for 
current IndiaMART platform. 
 
So we will go back on the churn side and as I said, those customers 
who have used platform nicely, those who have migrated to Gold 
and Platinum, they continue to engage with the platform better. You 
can also see that customer engagement on the platform, which is 
available on say, CRM page (Lead Manager page), probably is one 
of the highest with 123 million replies and callbacks. So, the 
customer engagement is also high, and everything is also high. We 
need to probably go back to our drawing board to see which all 
places we are acquiring customers. 
 
Another thing is the vintage of the customer. Another thing is we 
have built client servicing team in the last 18 months. As you can 
see, the number of employees addition in the last 18-24 months has 
been too much. They also are newer into the system. So, there could 
be competition also within our own customer base that might be 
causing. So, I think it's a difficult problem to solve and we have 
faced this problem earlier also. I'm sure we will go back to the 
drawing board and see, try many different things and come back to 
you sooner than later. 
 
Vivekanand: 
Thank you for the elaborate explanation and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Vivekanand. Next question is from the line of Nikhil 
Choudhary from Nuvama. Hi, Nikhil, please go ahead with your 
question. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is I would like to 
probe further what Vivek has asked regarding the churn and lower 
subscriber addition. Sir, this is not just the one quarter we have seen 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
lower subscriber or lower paying subscriber addition. It's been like 
in the last four, five quarters, except for one quarter, our subscriber 
addition has been lower than 8K, which was our initial guidance of 
7-8K paying subscriber every quarter. Even in terms of engagement, 
what you mentioned, business call and query, that number remained 
more or less stable, even down from the COVID peak right? So just 
want to understand, to contain the churn and especially growing the 
paying subscriber, what are the change in strategy we are doing to 
make sure the growth comes back there? 
 
And just one follow-up on this, are we looking to maybe roll out the 
increase in price for our existing subscriber, a bit slower than earlier 
planned, given the higher churn we have seen for new subscribers? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So first of all, on the 8K target, I think, yes, you are right, we 
have missed this in three quarters now out of the last seven quarters. 
Now second part is whether we are going to roll back the new client 
acquisition prices. No, we are not because, the churn is a different 
issue and the new customer acquisition is a different issue. As I said, 
these prices were reduced, especially during the second wave of 
COVID when we saw that the people were really worried so we 
dropped the prices by 25% or 20%. Now we have gone back to our 
pre-COVID prices. We haven't changed anything on the entry-level 
prices in the last 3-4 years. So, we are not going to roll back. On 
what strategies are we going to work upon to reduce churn, whether 
we will be able to increase the buyer base, repeat buyer base, reduce 
some of the non-performing industries, non-performing cities, I 
think all of them instead of just saying that have we been able to 
prioritise one over the other. I think all the four or five things that 
we need to work upon and maybe start recalibrating our client 
acquisition strategy, with how much to acquire from Metro and how 
much to acquire from Tier 4, how much to acquire from one industry 
versus how much to acquire from another industry, how much to 
acquire from one industry in annual mode versus how much to 
acquire in the monthly mode. 
 
So I think all of that, I mean, churn containment is the biggest issue 
for any subscription-based marketplace and there is no one single 
answer and there's no one, two, three prioritised answer. We will 
have to go and do things in all five directions and each one of them 
will probably work 0.25%, 0.25% in our favour in the times to come. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure sir, very helpful. Just last one from my side. In terms of 
employee addition, we have again started adding employee 
aggressively after slowing down for a quarter or two. Clearly, it 
might be to address the churn, but that is putting pressure on margin. 
So just want to understand, vis-a-vis your earlier guidance of seeing 
incremental revenue or deferred revenue on a much higher margin. 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
How are you seeing maybe even directionally margin going 
forward? Thank you. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: But where are you seeing the margin? So, margins are already 
29% this quarter for the standalone business and we will continue to 
maintain this 28%, 29%, 30%, whatever plus/minus 1% but I think 
in that range, I cannot give you exact percentage andQ4 is always a 
low-margin quarter because there is upfront cost of collection that 
we get, but other than that, I think margin has been consistently 
maintained and also rising. Maybe you are looking at the 
consolidated piece where we are also investing behind livekeeping, 
we are also getting Busy. We're also getting P&L losses from our 
associated companies. So those might be the cases but on the 
standalone basis, the margins are intact. 
 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure sir, very helpful. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Nikhil. Next in queue is Swapnil from JM Financial. Hi 
Swapnil, please go ahead with your question. Also request if you 
can put your camera on. Thanks. 
 
Swapnil: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, a couple of questions. First, on 
the traffic side. I think we have seen some decent improvement in 
traffic on a Y-o-Y basis, and that has come after a few quarters 
where we had a flattish kind of trends, right? Any specific reason 
you want to call out as to why this traffic improvement has been 
achieved? And how should we see these trends moving forward as 
well? That's one. And the other question is on the margin side. So, 
if I remember your commentary from the last quarter, you had 
mentioned that the margins for FY '24, would move towards 30% at 
a consolidated level.  
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I don't think I have ever said it at a consol level. And I can never 
say it because at a consol level, if we are investing Rs. 750 odd 
crores in accounting business and another Rs. 250 crores in the other 
businesses. At a consol level, those are not possible to be predicted. 
 
Swapnil: 
Okay. Let me refresh that. So how should one look at the margins 
then at a consol level and a standalone level separately. Obviously, 
your standalone margins are improving, no doubt about that, and 
they are inching towards 29% now. But since you will continue to 
invest in your accounting businesses.,s there any guidance that you 
would want to give? Or is there any way that one can estimate that 
would help us. Thank you. Those are the two questions. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Unfortunately, no. Because many of these are minority 
investments and their boards run independently on how to manage 
the growth at Vyapar and how to manage growth at Industry Buying 
or how to manage growth at M1xchange and we get a profit or loss 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
coming from them and many of them get revalued also time to time. 
So, it is very, very difficult to predict a diversified business 
consolidated margin at early level like this. On the traffic side, 
Prateek wants to add something on that. 
 
Prateek Chandra:             I was just saying that if you see slide 70 of our investor presentation, 
which talks about EBITDA of each of the business lines, which gives 
a very clear visibility about the EBITDA of IndiaMART and 
EBITDA of newer initiatives, specifically, if you say, Busy and 
Livekeeping are the other ones. So, these numbers are fairly small in 
the overall context. Though in terms of percentage margins, it may 
have some impact because the revenue from these businesses gets 
added. And the bottom line doesn't get added up there in the terms 
of the profit. So therefore, in the percentage while it looks, but if you 
see in the absolute terms, these numbers are fairly small as compared 
to the EBITDA that we generated at the IndiaMART level. 
 
Swapnil: 
If I can just add to that, is there any target spends that you have in 
these new businesses, yearly spends that you would do a cap beyond 
which you will not invest? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: No, sir. As and when we get the right opportunity, we will invest 
and as we have said that we will probably stay away from a very 
high cash burn businesses being acquired at a consol level. We will 
try and see businesses which are either low cash burn businesses or 
which are closer to breakeven and busy is the one which is closer to 
breakeven business and currently profitable, but my view is that it 
is neither highly profitable nor losing money. 
 
On the other hand, Livekeeping, we are investing. We know for sure 
that we will probably end up investing Rs. 1 crore a month there and 
that's the current target. On future, what will happen, I will come 
back and tell you. But as of now, these are the two things which are 
happening, whenever new things start, we will come back and tell 
you. 
 
Swapnil: 
Got it. And if you can answer that on the traffic side question. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: The traffic side depends a lot upon many things. So many times, 
changes in the google search algorithms, focusing on desktop versus 
mobile and things also help because currently, we do not do any 
advertising. So, I cannot directly attribute it to either any advertising 
or any e-mail marketing that would have worked significantly 
higher than the last quarter. While we have seen the traffic in general 
improving and so we continue to work on UI/UX and various 
parameters. However, whether this is going to be a sustained trend 
that I think we will know only after another quarter passes by or so. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Another part is the content aggregation that we do consistently. So, 
as we have added about 60,000 customers in the last six quarters or 
so. Those 60,000 customers’ content is also useful enough, which 
might be adding to this additional traffic but whether it will 
sustainably hold or whether it will start to increase further, that we 
can only comment after two quarters or so. I think a better number 
would be to also look at the unique business inquiries because 
sometimes what happens, the traffic also ends up increasing if 
somebody starts to scrape your site. So, I think the better metric 
would be the unique business inquiries, which has also grown, but 
it has grown by about 6-7% or so. 
 
Swapnil: 
Got it. Thanks for taking my questions. All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Swapnil. Next question is from Mr. Mihir Damania. Hi, 
Mihir, please go ahead with your question. We'll take question from 
Mr. Manoj Doshi. Hi, Manoj.  
 
Kshitij Agrawal: 
Manoj you need to unmute yourself, please. 
 
Manoj Doshi: 
Can you hear me now? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, we can hear you. 
 
Manoj Doshi: 
Hi, is it fair to assume that the employee addition will be sort of not 
as high as we are having on the last two quarters, given the 
subscriber addition is not so high? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, I think it is fair to assume that. 
 
Moderator: 
We request participants to raise hand to ask question from the 
panellist. Next question is from Mr. Manish Gupta. Hi, Manish. 
Please unmute yourself to ask the question. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. You mentioned that gold and 
platinum are about 50% of your customers and about 75% of your 
revenue. So, I was just wondering whether the growth of customers 
in the gold and platinum is a better metric of how the overall 
business is progressing vis-à-vis churn in silver customers? Because 
I would imagine that if gold and platinum are 75% of revenue, they 
actually might be a significantly larger in terms of percentage of 
profit, because the gross margin on this business might be higher 
than on the silver customers. So just wanted to understand that 
would the high churn rate in silver, etcetera, really bother you 
because bulk of your revenue and profit is essentially coming from 
the gold and platinum customers. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yeah. Manish, that is true, that is also depicted historically in the 
top 1% and top 2% and overall ARPU. So, if you see the overall 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
ARPU being Rs. 54,000, while the top 10% ARPU being 250K 
accounting for 46% of revenue alone, the top 10% of the customer 
itself accounts for 46% of the revenue, that already gives you that 
feel that 50% of the revenue is coming from top 10-12% customers 
and that top 10-12% customer is also not a small in number. They 
are 21K customers. So, you can't say that, okay, your dependency is 
only on 10 customers accounting for you. It is not 10 customers. It 
is 20K customers at 250K average revenue. 
 
However, for a freemium marketplace like this, it is important that 
you continue to have a longer term growth on the silver bucket, 
because that silver bucket ensures your leadership on the market in 
the space and builds the network effect. While on the financial 
metrics, I think the gold and platinum will typically drive anywhere 
between 50 to 75% of the revenue and maybe more than 100% of 
the cash flow although for every marketplace it is different or for 
different SaaS business is different, because the whole bottom of the 
pyramid is to maintain leadership and create that network effect, 
even the freemium model is also for that. They don't contribute 
anything on the revenue, but we do spend sizable amount of time, 
money, energy on maintaining and adding freemium customers. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Yeah, very clear. Second question was that how do you track your 
share of competition, because it's not easy to define competition in 
this space? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: I mean if you directly define competition, direct competition 
which offers a very similar business model has a very large overlap 
with our kind of customers. We have always said Trade India and 
Exporters India are the two which are the nearest one. And I think 
both of them are private limited companies, so they file their annual 
returns with the MCA and that data is available, and we track that 
closely how we are doing and their traffic data is also available so 
these are the ones purely doing the similar business model. 
 
Now then there are indirect business models where we might be 
having 5% to 10% overlap with different businesses. This 5% to 
10% overlap could be with Google, 5% to 10% overlap could be 
with Justdial, 5% to 10% overlap would be from Amazon also, and 
I'm talking this 5% to 10% overlap on the buyer side as well as on 
the supplier side. 
 
So on that side, it is difficult to define a real market share. But on 
the like-to-like basis, I think it's very clear, we used to probably have 
60% market share at the time of the IPO. Today, we might be having 
much higher a market share than the IPO time. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Okay. Very clear. And my last question is that a decade very long-
term down the road, do you see any chance of being able to monetise 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
a little bit on the buyer side. I mean we have 182 million registered 
buyers. There is over 50% repeat buying purchase. Do you see any 
opportunity where you could maybe a decade down the line, ask a 
buyer to pay a little bit just to participate on your platform. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So let's say two things. So total 182 million people have sent an 
enquiry or made a call from this platform over the last decade or so. 
However, every year, in last year or so we have 37-38 million people 
who have done that. Even that number is large enough to be 
monetised. That monetisation is possible in 2-3 ways, people have 
done that. So, if you get into an e-commerce mode, where you are 
able to charge a convenience fee for buyer for every transaction or 
charge a commission from sellers. 
 
Generally, we don't intend to necessarily promote a high 
commission marketplace. We take pride in saying that we are a zero-
commission marketplace. Maybe 1-2% commission for facilitation 
is possible. Nobody in the world has proven that big time. Our 
payment subsidiary, whatever revenue that we generate, that's all of 
it, 100% of it from this buyer monetisation, because we only charge 
buyers, for the sellers, yes, I mean, the buyers pay for the credit that 
they avail through credit card or other methods. 
 
Tomorrow, whether we'll be able to find a product like Amazon 
Prime or Zomato Gold, we don't know. We haven't seen that 
happening much in the 1688 in China. But yeah, you never know. 
Thank you. 
 
Manish Gupta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Manish. Next question is from the line of Mr. Rahul Jain 
from Dolat Capital. Hi Rahul. Please go ahead with your question. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Can you guys hear me? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes, we can hear you. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, thanks for the opportunity. Basically, wanted to understand 
slightly more in terms of what we are doing to increase the ARPU 
and at the top end of your subscriber base, where possibly the 
increased activity on the digital side, maybe helping them to value 
our platform and proposition slightly better. So we've been seeing 
that ARPU number going up, but if you could share some of the 
inputs in terms of what we are doing to ensure that we are able to 
get more and more from that top 25K customers and beyond? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, Rahul. So historically, I think I've talked about this 
maybe two years ago in the concall, but not recently. So historically, 
we have had a very similar all category, all cities or all locations 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
based pricing for silver, gold, platinum, all customers. So our 
leading supplier, our star supplier packages used to be agnostic of 
the number of categories or number of locations as many as you deal 
into. Over the time, we have moved to limiting the number of 
categories as well as increasing this monetisation. Then I think we 
move to location and category combination. We are now in the 
process of moving to purely and purely category-based pricing, 
category-based pricing framework. 
 
So instead of you buying x number of category, you buy one, one 
category separately. And that itself actually reduces the overall input 
entry price point, but at the same time gives us higher ARPU for 
customers who actually use that properly. So effectively, if you see 
the ARPU of top 10% customer, that has grown significantly over 
the last many years. And if you actually subscribe most of the ARPU 
gain has come in typically from top 10% customers only. I think 
that's already built in, and these are the two, three initiatives that we 
have taken. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
So when you say categorisation, is there some focus on keyword 
monetisation’s also? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: When I say category or when you say keyword, they are 
interchangeable. So, our categories are so micro that they are, so 
cotton shirt would be one category, full sleeved shirt would be 
another category, designer shirt would be another category. So these 
are very similar to keywords and categories. So, we don't sell 
category separately and keyword separately. So when you buy a 
particular category, you get that keyword also as a search keyword. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right, so players with more number of SKUs and scale players are 
eventually the player where the ARPU monetisation could be far 
superior. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Yes and no, because if you have less number of SKUs or 
categories or keyword, in fact, it might be more useful for a 
customer like that to use our online platform because here, the 
targeting is very accurately possible, while for a brand or for a 
customer who owns multiple keyword and multiple category or 
multiple SKU, there might be other avenues of promotion. So like 
the traditional dealer distribution or going to slightly mass media of 
advertising. But if you have a very unique product and unique 
pricing, a unique location targeting, then I think. So it helps in both 
the cases. I can't say one over the other. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. And last bit on these categories that we defined some 97,000 
odd category that we have. Is there a way to understand that, of 
course, many of these categories are subcategories within a 
particular domain. So how many of these 97,000 category, you see 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
India has a significant TAM. Any threshold if you want to draw and 
say that a category is defined category of a significant size, let's 
assume if it has a Rs. 100 crore market in India or whatever way you 
want to define. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So one way to look at this is instead of looking at 100K, just look 
at this 56 industry segment that is given here. And I think we've 
already given some 48 industries here. So out of these 48 industries, 
it is clearly visible that 8% is construction building, raw material, 
industrial plant machinery equipment and like that and if our total 
GMV is anywhere between 0.5% to 1% of GDP, that makes it about 
$15 billion to $30 billion. Now based upon that, even 1% of share 
on that market, makes it $150 million market. 
 
So given that the overall B2B market size itself is more than $1 
trillion market size defining our TAM per category is slightly 
difficult and slightly too big for us. We are still scratching the 
surface or I don't think IndiaMART’s existence or non-existence is 
creating any major difference at present but can it make a lot more 
difference to the economy in 5-10 years? Yes. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood. And last bit if I can. Basically this churn issue that we 
are facing because of potentially the price hike factor. So is it any 
change in the existing churn behaviour of the existing customer that 
we have observed or it is simply that the gross addition number is 
not picking up with the increased pricing, which is resulting into net 
small addition per quarter or it's a combination of both? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Let me again clarify. The price increase has nothing to do in the 
short-term on the churn because they are still less than 10% of the 
total customer base added in the last 4-5 months. Price increase 
typically have the early effect on the gross addition. The churn is 
obviously because we used to add about 20K odd customers per year 
and last year, we added about 34K customers. Now that sudden 
influx of this new customer is one reason that we have seen even in 
the past after FY16 and FY17 and now also. 
 
So that's one reason. But I think it cannot be just one reason. It has 
to be a combination of our sales and service, tier mix, industry mix, 
product performance. So I think all of that, we will be able to 
probably fix the gross addition, which will probably take our net 
customer addition a little higher than what we have delivered in the 
last two quarters. But for us to be able to do consistently 5K to 8K,I 
think we need to fix the churn for sure. And that is not the easy one 
to fix. It generally takes time to fix back. 
 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood, thank you. That's it from my side. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Rahul. Next question is from the line of Ms. Ruchi Mukhija 
from Elara Security. Hi, Ruchi, please go ahead with your question. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Hi, am I audible? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, Ruchi. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Many of my questions are already answered, so two bit. One, you 
have top 10 paying suppliers, which today makes 46% of the 
revenue. They have been growing at a faster rate than the company 
for consistently nine quarters (more than two years). Now this 
quarter there is a divergence to this trend. So could you update us 
regarding your client mining effort for this bucket? And is there any 
strategic change. That's question number one. 
 
And secondly, for the silver category where we are highlighting that 
the churn rate was higher. Have you already put in place some 
mechanism to curtail that churn? I understood you have got that the 
results may come with a lag, but have you already started and which 
are those steps that we have already taken. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: On the churn side, I think I've already answered two-three times 
repeatedly the similar answer. So I don't have anything else to add. 
On the top 10% customers revenue share, I didn't understand what 
you are pointing at this quarter being different than the previous 7-
8 quarters. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
So this 46% of the top 10% of your paying supplier for, I would say, 
previous nine consistent quarters, more than two years have grown 
at faster rate than the overall IndiaMART standalone business grew. 
This quarter, their growth was lower than the overall company 
growth, not material difference, but still lower. So trying to 
understand the client mining effort or I would say, upscaling in this 
bucket. Is there some strategic change? And do you expect that this 
pace of growth to cool down further? Or how to look at this? 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: So it is top 10%. So if my total customer base has grown only by 
2,000. It is the top 10% of the customer base that also has grown by 
200 only. So that's about it. There's nothing else to read here. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Nothing else, okay. 
 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: It's just a statistical number. 
 
Ruchi Mukhija: 
Got it. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ruchi. Thank you very much. It has been a very engaging 
session. I would now like Dinesh to give his concluding remarks. 
 

 
IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Dinesh Chandra Agarwal: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for joining our second quarter 
conference call. We have tried to address all the queries in the 
available time and whosoever have raised hands. But still, if I could 
not take anybody's question, please feel free to contact our Investor 
Relations team, and we'll be more than happy to answer that. 
Wishing you all the very best on this upcoming festival times, a 
very, very Happy Deepavali to all of you and wishing you a very 
prosperous New Year for all of you. Thank you very much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IndiaMART, we now conclude this 
webinar. Thank you. 
 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written consent 
of IndiaMART InterMESH Limited 
 
