 
 
November 16, 2023 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code – 543714 
To, 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol – LANDMARK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds 
pursuant to regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
Ref: Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated November 02, 2023 
This is further to our letter dated November 02, 2023, wherein we had given advance 
intimation of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Thursday, November 
09, 2023, with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds with respect to discussion 
on the Un-audited Financial Results (Standalone and Consolidated) for the Quarter and 
Half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Thursday, November 09, 2023. 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the 
Company’s website at: https://www.grouplandmark.in/investor-relation.html 
 
You are requested to take same on the records. 
 
For Landmark Cars Limited 
 
 
 
Mr. Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(A19459) 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: Transcript of Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
 
AMOL 
ARVIND RAJE
Digitally signed by 
AMOL ARVIND RAJE 
Date: 2023.11.16 
17:41:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Landmark Cars Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on November 9th, 2023, will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY THAKKER - PROMOTER AND EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN, LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CFO, LANDMARK CARS 
LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAHUL DANI – MONARCH NETWORTH CAPITAL 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Landmark Cars Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Monarch Networth Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Dani from Monarch Networth Capital. Thank 
you and over to you, Mr. Dani. 
Rahul Dani: 
Thank you, Neerav. Good morning to everyone. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital,  
we are delighted to host the Senior Management of Landmark Cars with us. 
We have with us Mr. Sanjay Thakker - Promoter and Executive Chairman, Mr. Aryaman 
Thakker – Executive Director and Mr. Surendra Agarwal – CFO. 
I would like to hand the call to Mr. Sanjay sir for his opening remarks and then we move  
to Q&A. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thanks, Rahul. Thanks, the Monarch team for hosting this call. 
We are in midst of transformation in India. Such transformation comes maybe once in one's 
lifetime. There is a consensus among the world that it is India's time now. The same sentiment 
is shared by the Indian customers who are finally loosening their purse strings and spending. 
We operate in a segment where sentiments play a very big role. Thankfully, the customer 
sentiment is holding strong when the situation globally turns cautious. I was in Munich 
recently for a global Mercedes conference and I can tell you that India was the star of that 
show. The overall Indian auto industry grew at 5% year-on-year in the second quarter. This  
is in line with most estimates as we are coming from a very high base now. As I had guided  
in the last call, our partner OEs have started participating in this growth and we are covering 
up for the shortfall of the first quarter. The sales numbers for Honda, BYD,Jeep  
as well as Mercedes-Benz are increasing based on the new launches and better supplies. 
Though, I should add that the demand for Mercedes SUVs and top-end cars is still far in excess 
of the supplies and we have many months of waiting period here. 
Let's see what were the highlights of the last quarter: 
In the last quarter, we partnered with two fastest growing brands in India, MG Motors and 
Mahindra & Mahindra. The operations of MG Motors in Indore and Bhopal started in the 
month of August and is already profitable from the first month of operations. The Goa 
operations of MG will soon start. We are looking at starting it maybe end of this month  
as quickly as that. Our Mahindra operations in Howrah and the outskirts of Kolkata will start 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
from the next quarter. We have been focusing on increasing our revenue per transaction that 
we do. May it be sale of vehicles or servicing them. I am happy to share that this razor sharp 
focus is showing excellent results. The average selling price of cars that we sell has increased 
15% over last year to over 20 lakhs and the average service revenue has increased again  
by 15% to cross Rs. 26,000. The EBITDA for after sales has jumped 30% year-on-year due  
to this. You will also notice that the profitability has grown at 20% for after sales for the half 
year period. 
We had spoken about building a unique pre-owned car business model and the third pillar  
of our profitability. I am again happy to share that we have made very good progress in this. 
We are well on our way to surpass our Rs. 100 crores revenue guidance for the year.  
One should remember that we are buying and selling only our brand of cars and the business  
is profitable. We are aiming to double this business in the next year. We have a strong pipeline 
of opportunities, both organic and inorganic, that we are exploring vigorously, many of them 
in quite advanced stages of discussion. 
In our business, we shall see some lumpy growth based on new car launches, availability and 
success of the new cars that are launched. The after sales business is a predictable annuity type 
of a growing business. And the POC business, the pre-owned car business, which is a sunrise 
business for us. The co mbination of all these three makes us confident about our future.  
I am reminded about the words of William Wordsworth who said, “bliss it was in that dawn  
to be alive, but to be young was very heaven.” Thank you. I now hand over to Surendra to talk 
about some numbers of last quarter and the last half. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Thank you, Sanjay bhai. A very good morning to everyone and warm welcome to one and  
all attending the earning call. 
I would like to start by some operational metrics before getting into the financial number: 
We continue to be the highest contributor in terms of volume for multiple OEMs and this 
translates into the meaningful number for all of our OEM partners. In the half year gone by,  
we have serviced 1,58,000 plus cars and sold 307 used cars under our new model of the used 
car trading. In the cars sold, we saw an ASP increase, average selling price increase of 19% 
rising from 16,56,000 in H1 FY23 to 19,65,000 in H1 FY24. Similarly, in the service, ASP 
also increased by 12% rising from 22,500 in H1 ‘23 to 25,218 in H1 24. 
In the last quarter, our new car proforma sale was around Rs. 866 crores across all our OEM 
partners and after sale revenue was Rs. 211 crore. As highlighted, this is extremely predictable 
business with repeat customer and once we hit the tipping point in certain OEMs, we are on the 
course to see tremendous growth. The average selling price of cars sold in the quarter has gone 
up from Rs. 17,50,000 in the quarter Q2 FY23 to Rs. 20,18,000 in Q2 FY24 showcasing  
a growth of 15% year-on-year. So, our average selling price of car is continuously growing. 
This rise in ASP on the back of higher sale of top end variants being sold and shifting trend 
towards premium and luxury cars due to higher disposable income. 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Coming to the financial numbers: 
Our total pro forma revenue for the quarter stands at Rs. 1,120 crores as compared to Rs. 1,148 
crores in the same quarter of the previous year. This symbolizes a marginal degrowth of 2.4% 
year-on-year. Sequentially the previous quarter proforma revenue was Rs. 934 crores.  
This accounts for a growth of 20% quarter-on-quarter. We have made up a lot of lost ground  
in the quarter. We look into the half-yearly number. Total proforma revenue for H1 is at  
Rs. 2,054 crore as compared to Rs. 2,179 crore H1 of the previous year. 
Let's talk about the profitability now: 
The gross profit for the quarter is Rs. 162 crore with a 14.5% margin on proforma revenue  
as against the gross profit of Rs. 152 crore in Q2 FY23, a 6.5% higher than last year. This year 
EBITDA stood at Rs. 57.1 crore for the quarter versus Rs. 63.6 crore in the same quarter of last 
year. EBITDA margin clocked in Q2 FY24 being 5.1% while the same in quarter 2 FY23 was 
5.5%. Similarly, PAT stood at Rs. 20.5 crore with a 1.8% margin. There is a 21.6% year-on-
year growth in PAT, over Rs. 16.9 crore in the same quarter last year. 
Now for the corresponding figure for the half year period: 
Our gross profit for H1 FY24 was Rs. 305 crore as against Rs. 292 crore in H1 FY23. 
EBITDA for H1 FY24 stood at Rs. 104 crore and the corresponding figure of H1 FY23 was 
Rs. 116 crore. Profit after tax of half year stood at Rs. 27.8 crore versus Rs. 35 crore last year 
for the same period. Cash PAT for the semi-annual period is Rs. 52.6 crore as against  
Rs. 54.95 crore in the same period last year. This is clear evidence of our streamline operation 
and efficient cash management. We are aware that our inventory has gone up as on 30th 
September. This is due to the starting of MG operation, POC business, festive season built up. 
We have already seen downwards in the inventory and hope to get to normalization inventory 
in the current quarter. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to moderator to open up floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question  
is from the line of Deepak Lalwani from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, I just wanted to understand, the volumes in our after-sales business, it's flat on a half 
yearly basis and in fact it's down in this quarter. So, just wanted to understand what  
is happening here? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, sure. So, there are two, three answers to this. And the answer in all is a combination  
of two, three factors that we will see. During the last year, we had our Renault operations, 
which we have shut in this current year. So, the number of cars, the small cars that we were 
servicing, some of them, has gone away. So, that is one thing. The second thing is that  
the aftersales business also has a kind of a seasonality factor around it and the reason for that  
is that the cars that you sell in say good months like say a March or a Diwali come for a one 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
year service exactly after that or a 6-month service is kind of timed that way. So, we believe 
that the numbers will increase in the second half of the year. That is what we believe will 
happen. The other thing is that we have a focus, we are focusing on getting more revenue from 
the services that we impart. We have taken the car care product agencies, we are focusing  
on our own white branded stuff, accessories and all that. So, this is all playing out very well. 
So, once the volumes kick in, you will see a double impact of this going ahead. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
But sir the ASP increases that we have seen in both the vehicle sales and the aftersales 
businesses should stay at these rates, right? Is there any risk to these numbers coming down. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Not meaningfully, it should kind of stay where we are. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
If you can just explain what is driving these higher ASPs? Have you taken increases in our 
services or? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, you are asking for the sales part or aftersales part? 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Both sir, both. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, as far as the sales is concerned, the vehicle prices that we are selling has been continued. 
The mix is changing. Within Mercedes-Benz, as you know, the top end vehicles are selling 
more. The prices of vehicles keep on going up. And again, I believe from January, there will 
be a kind of a uniform price increase. This is what all the Indian manufacturers do. So, I think 
come 1st January you will see a higher selling price of I think 100 out of 100 products that will 
be there in the market where this will play out. Our product mix is also as you see we have 
kind of gone away from the smaller cars and are selling the more expensive cars. Honda 
Elevate which is again a meaningful number for us. The average selling price is higher than  
the Jazz and the WR-V which went out of the consideration right now. The same is playing  
out that way and as far as the aftersales is concerned, I think I answered the question by saying 
that we have white labeled our own products, be it be annual maintenance contracts, extended 
warranty, our own kind of accessories which are there plus the car care product agencies that 
we have done. So, there is a combination of lot of effort that goes into our ecosystem.  
In fact, maybe if we are having an Investors Day, which we are planning to have in the next 
quarter, we will showcase to you the technology that we have built, the apps that we have built 
to kind of do it. It's a little difficult to explain on the call, but once you will see it, you will feel 
happy about what Landmark has built. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
Sir, just wanted to understand as a company, do we have a thumb rule on that the debt that  
we want to maintain the working capital debt and the inventory in our books that we want  
to maintain on an absolute number or in terms of number of days. So, is there any thumb rule 
on these two numbers? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, I wish I would say that we have it. It's a little dynamic Deepak, this whole business and  
as Surendra explained in his thing, we are aware that our debt and the inventory has built up. 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Now that has built up for some 3-4 things, which comes one is the seasonality factor.  
So, we came out of the Shradh period in September and the festive season started only  
in October. So, there was an inventory buildup, new car launches like an Elevate, for example, 
the pre-owned cars that we saw started the business which wasn't there last year,  
but we are very mindful, and we don't want to have more inventory and there will be a big 
focus on reducing this inventory and you will see some good results by December. We are 
already on our way of doing it. The industry works on a possibly one month or thereabouts  
of new car stocks. What we are reporting is also including our demo cars, which we could kind 
of separately show from next quarter just to kind of show this kind of a bifurcation. 
Deepak Lalwani: 
And sir if you can just give us a sense on how the BYD sales are scaling up, is there  
any clearance of the homologation that BYD has gotten it and also the supply challenges  
in Mercedes, has that eased down significantly or that will take some time to come in? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I was in Munich and good you asked about BYD. The thing is that now it is clear, globally  
it is clear that there are two like elephants in the room as far as the electric cars are concerned. 
One is a Tesla and the other is BYD. They are clearly the front-runners in taking the pole 
position. And we are happy that we have kind of partnered with BYD and are their largest 
partners in India. It is a difficult thing to predict as to when the homologation happens,  
we have been told that it will happen like as soon as this quarter. The good news is that their 
consignments which were not coming are already coming and we are seeing the sale happening 
as it was happening earlier. This has started from the month of August if I am not mistaken and 
the sale of the Atto 3 as well as the E6 is going on pretty well within that 2,500 unit thing.  
The BYD Seal which is a fantastic product will be as of now from the information we have 
will be coming to us by January and the bookings of that will also start around that time.  
So, BYD timing is a little difficult to say, it can happen anytime but hasn't happened so far.  
As far as the Mercedes-Benz is concerned, the supplies have started, the GLE has got launched 
only some one week, 10 days back. The supplies are there, but what I can say is that  
the demand is far in excess of the supply. So, we could have done better than what we are 
doing. And I'm hoping that the company follows a January to December kind of a year,  
so we'll go and meet them in the first week of December for the next year's numbers. For them 
next year, for us the last quarter. And I'm hoping that the numbers will again show a good 
growth over this year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhisar Jain from Monarch. Please, go ahead. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sir, just wanted to know in the aftersales business, we have this segmentation into four 
different parts, and I just wanted to know that what percentage of the aftersales business will 
be from only collision and repair services approximate? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, so actually we are getting some learning as this is only our second, third earning call and 
every time we are wanting to improve on our disclosures, our presentation, the granularity  
of the business that we do and I'm hoping that by next quarter and the quarter after that you 
will see more meaningful dissection of the data. The dissection of the data will also include  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
the high ROCE that the aftersales business does. So, what is the capital employed over there? 
What is the CAGR? We will disclose that. As far as the accident repair is concerned, currently 
it is at around 45% of our service, the aftersales revenue is coming from collision repairs. 
There has been a big focus on increasing this business. We have kind of gotten into a lot  
of innovative stuff built on tech and some innovative products. Again, we'll be happy  
to showcase when we have our investor day and we will be reporting more granular data going 
ahead. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure, sir, understood. And sir, in fact, I wanted to also take an idea on the approximate capital 
employed, which you just mentioned that you may start disclosing it, but just considering that 
almost like 45% of our outlets are in the repair and the workshop mode, would it be kind  
of safe to assume that the capital employed also would be in that proportion or it will be higher 
in aftersales per se of the total capital employed that we have? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, it's a difficult question to answer broadly. What we had done while we were, like a few 
months back, where we were doing a unit economic study, what we had figured out is that the 
ROCE on a very ballpark number, but let the exact numbers come. I don't want to stick  
my neck out but was in the region of around 50% upwards. So, once I give you that, you will 
have a better sense. And we'll try to do it very quickly. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Sure, sir, understood. Okay, and so the next question was on the pre-owned car business.  
By the way, congratulations on a great scale up there that we see in the H1 of this year. What  
I can see sir from the PPT is that we have sold around 300 odd cars with a GMV of around  
Rs. 45 crores. So, this is for the H1, right? And this you are not accounting in the new car sales  
or is it like accounted there and then you are calling it out separately here? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
We are calling it out separately. 
Abhisar Jain: 
So, is it included sir in the new car sales already? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes, it's included and we are putting a separate number in the presentation as well. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay, so as of now 300 cars that we have done is for the H1 right? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, 300 car what we mentioned is our new model where we are buying and selling  
the pre-owned car that is the thing we also do back to back that's where we get the 
commission. Those numbers are separate. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood. So, just to take an idea, since you mentioned that this business on its own also  
is profitable, though of course it might not be at the right profitability level because of the 
scale. How do we see it going ahead? Because this business has been there with us for quite 
some time, but now we are seeing the scale up, we are looking excited about it. We have done 
some interventions as you mentioned in the earlier calls also. So, how should we think about 
this business, sir, over a 3–5-year perspective, given how the industry size is 1.5x  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
in pre-owned, versus the base size of the industry? So, if you could give me some idea,  
that would be great. 
Aryaman Thakker: 
This is Aryaman here. So, this unique business model has been in force at Landmark only this 
financial year onwards, where we had taken a target of Rs. 100 crores of revenue to be 
achieved. And we are, I think, well on our way to surpass that number in this financial year. 
The model, just to recap for people on this call, is where we are only focusing on the buying 
and selling of used vehicles which are of the brands that are represented by Landmark.  
Also, we are not investing in additional manpower or other fixed costs like showroom 
facilities. We are using our existing facilities and manpower to do the sale and purchase  
of these used vehicles of our own brands. Currently, we are at approximately 4% of a margin 
on these used vehicles that we are seeing. As Sanjay bhai said, we are looking at doubling our 
used car revenue next year, while following a similar model that we are doing right now and 
we are seeing good traction so far. We are confident that this is what we will do. And once  
we have received a larger scale, then we will press the pedal on increasing our margins as well. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
And just to kind of say that this margin is kind of a net margin that we get. For most people, 
when they talk about a higher margin of 7%-8%, they need to take out the cost of manpower, 
infrastructure cost as well as the customer acquisition cost. For us, the customer acquisition 
cost is also zero and every other cost is practically negligible. So, that's the differentiator  
in our business model. So, we should surprise everybody on the upside. We are kind of saying 
that it will double next year, but it should go bigger than that. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Understood sir. And sir just the last bit in the PPT, we have also mentioned that we do have 
visibility on a strong pipeline for both organic and inorganic expansion. While organic,  
I understand because you have had the new tie-ups with the MG and M&M, which  
can see traction, in my view. But on the inorganic side, I would like to get a little bit more 
clarity of what kind of opportunities or the size of outlets, either by number or by absolute 
acquisition cost that you are looking for to do in the next 6 to 12 months? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, what has happened is that we follow a mix of both of these and sometimes with the same 
OEs, the acquisition also kind of comes in. So, the Indore and Bhopal was a new one. It started 
off as an inorganic thing. The Goa MG also happened by way of an inorganic thing where  
we took over the assets and the locations of the existing dealer partner. So, this can happen like 
that. What I can say is that we are right now focused on buying something at the right value. 
We do not want to overpay on kind of acquisition because we don't want it to be dilutive of our 
ROCE. The growth is something which is with a lag. I am not the happiest for the first quarter, 
but we believe that we are well on our way to kind of go beyond this past year. And the 
pipeline, as I can say, is strong. I am not in a position to share more numbers now, but I think 
every period you will find us doing something meaningful. 
Abhisar Jain: 
Okay, sir, just a follow up. So, when you said that you look at the right payback or IRR  
or ROCE, what kind of payback do you generally opt for? 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Sanjay Thakker: 
4 to 4.5 years is what we look at. And that's what we will be sticking to and not wanting to pay 
anything more. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
First question for Surendraji. As last time we discussed that potential revenue from Indore, 
Bhopal MG outlets full year will be what, around Rs. 130 crores. Is that number correct, sir? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, we are currently selling 100 plus car in a month. That's the pace we have. So, it will be  
Rs. 100 crore upwards for the year. But this year it will not be because this year we started 
from the month of August. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure, I am saying from annualized basis, Indore, Bhopal. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Rs. 100 crore plus turnover we will get it definitely. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Including service or any process charges? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Your number, Basu, what you had assumed is correct. And we will obviously add more MG 
outlets to top it up. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Goa revenue will be proportionately similar, Rs. 50 crores – Rs. 60 crores annualized? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Goa will be, I think, around 40% of Indore-Bhopal. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And what about annualized revenue outlook from Mahindra, the assets what you have  
as of now? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Mahindra operations, Basu, we will start only in the next quarter. So, once that kicks in,  
we will have on a steady state once that happens, I think around Rs. 200 crores of revenue  
is annually to kind of safe to assume. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
From that Bengal dealerships what you added? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, that's right Basu. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Out of the Rs. 70 crore – Rs. 80 crore provision for inorganic acquisitions in FY24, till date 
how much has been utilized sir? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, we haven't utilized much out of our kind of an arsenal. What we have paid out for 
acquisitions is hardly under 20 crores for sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pranay Roop from Burman Capital. Please  
go ahead. 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Pranay Roop: 
Sir, my first question is regarding the cost structure, mainly two line items, employee cost and 
other expenses. So, I was noting personally on employee benefit expenses has increased  
by around 11% YOY and I was looking at your EPFO employee strength, which may not  
be your entire employee strength, but I think the EPFO headcount has gone down by 5% YOY. 
So, what could explain the difference in employees? Was there like a one-off bonus that led  
to this Rs. 53 crore number that was on employee? And secondly, your other expenses, it has 
actually remained in a very tight range of Rs. 40 crore to Rs. 45 crore. It peaked to Rs. 48 crore 
in Q4, which was a strong quarter for you. In this quarter, we are seeing a number of Rs. 52 
crore, which is increased by Rs. 6 crore quarter–on-quarter. So, if you could just help  
me understand whether there were any one-offs here as well and what is the normalized level? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, sure. Let me first talk about the manpower thing. The first answer is that no, there was  
no one-time bonus because of we becoming public or IPO. There was no such thing. We have 
a very clear kind of a policy. We were voted Pranay as the Best Manpower Guys by the Forbes 
Magazine, Best People Managers in 2019. And what I can say is that we are not somehow  
the best in revenue terms as far as the industry is concerned. Still people want to work with  
us and that is people has been our strength. And the top level we haven't seen any kind  
of people going away. The thing is that we have built newer outlets and let me kind of also say 
that we have recruited people in some markets, senior people in markets where we want  
to kind of go and the acquisitions or the organic ones are imminent. So, we have kind of put 
some cost ahead of what we could have done on a steady state and it also the number is also 
after an increment which normally happens which is around 7%-8% increment is what we kind 
of go with broadly speaking. So, we are not so much concerned about the manpower cost.  
We have in fact, as you rightly said, taken out a few people where in some of the OEs where 
the sales numbers don't look or didn't look very promising, we have proactively shifted people 
or let go of people in that. And I think the same answer goes also for cost. We also need  
to kind of tighten our belt. I think Rs. 1 crore or Rs. 2 crore we will also save. We have also 
realized that in anticipation of higher sales, we have built in some costs which we will 
immediately relook at because we are an organization which is quite tight on costs and  
we pride ourselves with that. 
Pranay Roop: 
Got it sir, so it's fair to say that on employee costs Rs. 53 crores is the more sustainable level 
and on other expenses you could potentially save a few crores, is that fair? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Pranay, it will depend on how much we will grow, how many new geographies we will go at. 
To put an absolute number will not be the most correct way of looking at it. That's the 
submission we have. 
Pranay Roop: 
Got it, understood. Sir, my second question is on aftersales basis my initial understanding  
of aftersales. After you buy a car, you need to first service it after 1000 KM, which can be like 
2, 4, 5 months and then again after roughly 1 year. So, given your sales have picked up in H2, 
can we expect a slightly stronger growth in Q4 and then again a high teen growth in let's say 
second half of next year? Is that a fair way to think about this business? 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, let me just tell you that every brand has a different kind of service requirement.  
So, it would not be correct to say that it is 1000 km and then one year. It depends from 
manufacturer to manufacturer. Let me kind of just tell you, give you one more statistic. The 
point is that 2 years back, 50% of our EBITDA came from service and 50% came from sales. 
Now I was happy with that kind of a mix. Today, our aftersales is 70% of our total EBITDA. 
Now, see aftersales numbers in our mind is a given. It is some numbers that will keep  
on growing. And you have rightly pointed out that the moment we put more cars on road,  
we are kind of putting a 7-year kind of an annuity on the road. So, we are looking at doing this 
meaningfully. And yes, next year and the next quarter, which are strong quarters, the service 
revenue should pick up more. 
Pranay Roop: 
I have two data related questions. On pre-owned, is it fair to understand that 6%-7% margins 
are at maybe a GM level when you execute the transaction directly flows down to PBT level? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, in our case we said that we are not at 6%-7%. We will be focusing on kind of initially  
to build this business. We will be focusing on maybe a 4% margin, not 6%-7%. And this we 
want to kind of keep it a little moderate because everything practically flows down unlike  
the other players. So, we want to be competitive, we want to kind of build this business up and 
increase in margin is what we will look at once our people are used to selling these pre-owned 
cars and we have a meaningful number to kind of look at, but this is the strategy we have 
thought. 
Pranay Roop: 
So, Rs. 200 crores revenue next year would broadly mean Rs. 8 crores of PBT? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
That's one way of looking at it, yes. 
Pranay Roop: 
One last data related question about noting in Gujarat, total Mercedes sales in Gujarat  
has actually grown 75% YOY over the last 2 months and as a share of India sales, also it has 
increased. Is it because you guys are doing something different or they have added more 
outlets in Gujarat? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No new outlets have been added. We generally do better, so thank you. I mean, that's what  
we do. We have increased our penetration on Mercedes-Benz. So, our contribution in some  
of the months that you spoke about, September and all, my sense is that we were upwards  
of 17% of the contribution. So, our people, I hope they are listening to this and I'm happy that 
if they are there on the call, my CEO or our Director, we should congratulate them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kunal Sabnis from Nine Rivers Capital. Please  
go ahead. 
Kunal Sabnis: 
I have two questions. The first on the new car sales margin that has dropped YOY 3.2%  
to 1.7%. What should we read into this? And does this also include the commission  
on financing? Because net of that, the new car margin then looks really low. So, if you could 
throw some light on that, that's the first question. Thanks. 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Sanjay Thakker: 
You are talking about an EBITDA margin on slide 16. That's what you are saying, the Rs. 15 
crore that we are talking about. Yes, so basically the volumes is something that was a problem 
in the first 1 or 2 months of the quarter. That is kind of taken off right now and we believe that 
this will go up. But, Surendra, does this include the ROTF margin? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Yes. 
Kunal Sabnis: 
So, the sales proforma revenue has dropped from say Rs. 960 crores to Rs. 908 Crores,  
but the EBITDA has dropped from Rs. 30 crores to Rs. 15 crores. So, yes I just want to? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, so the cost of everything otherwise remains the same. It's a volume effect. The moment 
we have the volumes coming in, this will normalize. We didn't have supplies of a lot of 
vehicles where the cost of manpower, showroom rentals etc. was in any case incurred. 
Kunal Sabnis: 
So, the operating leverage will take care of that. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Operating leverage will take care of it, Kunal. I mean that's the point. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Kunal, I just want to add one more point here. If you look at the gross margin is higher on the 
sales whereas because of the volume, our EBITDA is little lower. Because we have the facility, 
cost is incurred, but the volume is not happened that much. That's why the EBITDA margin  
is lower, whereas the gross margin of the trading gross margin is higher as compared  
to Q1, Q2 like for like. 
Kunal Sabnis: 
Got it. Perfect. And the second thing is on the inventory. Now you mentioned three points.  
So, the seasonal effect will sort of go away. But then you also said about the pre-owned 
inventory and also the MG business. Does that sort of swing our historical inventory days 
which were around 45, 50, I mean, going forward? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, it does not swing either way. So, it will normalize. 
Kunal Sabnis: 
So, you should be back to about 50 days by March. Is that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. 50 days is with the demo cars. And that's how we have been reporting. For new cars,  
it will be like a one-month inventory that we will bound to hold. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amar Kant Gaur from Axis Capital, please  
go ahead. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
I have a couple of questions, firstly on the Mercedes side. So, as we can see the Mercedes 
business from the standalone business it has performed exceedingly well and now  
it is contributing about more than 50% to overall EBITDA. So, my question now is, from  
the rest of the business, there has been some volume uptake especially from Honda, while  
Jeep volumes continue to remain weak. Could you provide some outlook on those sides  
and maybe some of the other brands, how they are doing? 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, that's a good idea, Amar. So, last time I had kind of started my speech by kind of giving  
a run through about all the OEs. Now Honda, the Elevate continues to now clock in the 
numbers as was predicted. So, this is something which is a heartening fact. Honda has loyal  
set of customers and the numbers just keep on happening. So, my sense is that Honda which  
in the first quarter degrew at 37%. That was the kind of the steepest drop that we had seen  
will make up for every kind of lost number in the first quarter. And I think for the year will 
close higher than last year. That will be quite a kind of a run in the next 6 months, and we will 
see the numbers. The Jeep, fortunately, also has seen a better offtake from September onwards, 
where 4x2, the Compass has been introduced. So, this will be not back to the one year back 
numbers, but it is my hope that it will be at least around 50% more than what we have done  
in the first quarter. So, this is something which is also heartening. In Jeep, the aftersales 
business as I think in his speech Surendra mentioned, the Jeep aftersales volume have reached 
a tipping point and now are contributing meaningfully for the aftersales business also.  
The other brands I've already spoken about BYD, MG is the fastest growing brand amongst 
them and I'm sure you'll hear more about MG in the times to come. Volkswagen for us,  
we have increased our market share. Our contribution to Volkswagen's sale by nearly 1%,  
so we are more than 10.5% of their sales now. So, we are clocking good numbers over there. 
The Ashok Leyland business which nobody really talks about is also showing decent numbers 
for us. Renault is what we have not, we have reduced the number of outlets because we want  
to focus on premium and luxury cars. So, this is something which we are not seeing any great 
numbers coming in, but the company is supporting us financially so that we do not burn 
money. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Thanks for that elaborate answer. On Jeep particularly, however, our exposure is much higher 
in the Delhi region where there is a sort of apprehension towards buying diesel cars and Jeep  
is only available in diesel. Do you see that as a risk to our numbers for Jeep specifically? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
I think what we have seen in the first half, it can only improve from here. The question is how 
much improvement will happen. Now you are right as far as talking about the Delhi 
apprehension and it is a correct apprehension except that Mahindra and Mahindra which is also 
predominantly diesel or Mercedes SUVs which are also predominantly diesel also sell in the 
NCR region. So, while this is there on a macro basis, things on the ground are not as bad as 
you believe. They are pretty okay. In fact, this month, the Jeep numbers from what I see are 
clocking decent numbers from the contracts that we are receiving before Diwali. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Understood. That's heartening to know. And my final question is a little longer term. So, we 
are seeing some talks about FDA between India and UK, which could allow the CBUs and 
CKDs to be at a much lower duty structure, particularly from, let's say, the JLR. What kind of 
risk do you see in those terms and if you could shed some light on what kind of duty structure 
do we have currently on Mercedes and what could change in the near future? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
More than FDA, Amar, what we are reading today, nowadays in the newspaper is about the 
electric cars being allowed at a concessional duty. We see the Tesla headlines all over every 
few weeks or so. So, talk is that there will be a reduction in the duty from say 100% to 15% 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
only for people who are wanting the manufacturers who are wanting to a kind of import 
electric cars mainly with the promise that they will invest the money some amount  
of commitment as far as the employment and investment in India over maybe in the next  
5 years or so and they will have to provide a bank guarantee. If they don't do that, then it will 
be encashed. Now, this is a risk as well as an opportunity because what will happen is that a lot 
of models of say a Volkswagen group, just to give you an example, can also start coming in.  
It will not only be for one or the other manufacturer. So, the good part is that we are well 
diversified and there is always something good will which will emerge from here. So, one 
doesn't know because people talk about different regulations at different points. We really 
don't know what in which form it will come, whether it will come before elections or not, 
whether this, because the Chinese are clearly ahead in the electric car game. So, how will that 
also pan out if BYD can sneak in through this, I don't know. 
Amar Kant Gaur: 
Thanks for such an elaborate answer. And I have some specific questions on the duty structure 
which I can take offline later. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please  
go ahead. 
Manan Poladia: 
So, I've read your results and I saw that basically Q2 versus Q2 last year, they're obviously 
10% down in terms of total revenue but from what I understand most of that is from the new 
car sales that you spoke about, the model is slowing down there. So, what I want to understand 
is for the next three fiscal year or so, what do you think your aftersales business can go at? 
Also you just spoke about how you're focusing on less services but services that are making 
more money, right? So, I just want to understand how you are thinking about it and what you 
are guiding for the next 3 or 4 years? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
You are asking about aftersales, Manan? 
Manan Poladia: 
Yes, aftersales, specifically aftersales. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, aftersales, Manan, we have grown for the last 9 years at 20% CAGR. And this year, though 
we could not grow at 20% CAGR in topline terms, we have grown at the bottomline terms.  
So, we want to kind of maintain that pace and I don't see any reason to kind of change that 
trajectory of ours. 
Manan Poladia: 
Correct sir. Also sir, I want to understand how that business is basically structured 
fundamentally in terms of, so when you say aftersales business, are these vehicles that come  
to you, you repair them and you give a single bill or is there some sort of warranty structure 
that you are bundling with the cars that you are selling as well, so if you could just explain 
that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, so the every car comes with some kind of a warranty and within that warranty period  
if they need to be repaired, then the manufacturer pays that money or the insurance company 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
who has given that extended warranty, given that warranty. So, we do warranty work,  
we do annual maintenance work, we sell our own contracts also of annual maintenance 
contracts and then there is somebody asked earlier a collision kind of work that we do. So, one 
in three cars that you see on the road or what we sell meets with an accident or comes to our 
workshop for repair every single year. Understand this. So, this is the more cars you put  
on road, the more you are assured of the revenue. 
Manan Poladia: 
Correct sir. That's great. Just one short followup on that. If you could explain the spread 
between all these different kinds of businesses in your aftersales revenue. Secondly, is there  
a differential in margins when you charge the company or the insurer per se that is when you 
charge an individual car owner? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, I'll answer the second question first. So, the manufacturer, if there is a warranty repair, 
then there is a little bit of a discount that they get. They will not pay as much as the insurance 
company or the end customers. But the warranty percentage normally is much lower in our 
revenue. So, that's the thing. And as I had kind of answered this earlier, we will try to dissect 
this business further in the next quarter or the quarter after and we will be happy to give more 
granular details going ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mithun from Kivah Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Mithun: 
I just wanted to understand this quarter, the EBITDA from the new car sales business  
is appreciably lower than last year. I just wanted to understand what is the sustainable sort  
of margin in this business? If you could just throw some light, especially with the new vehicles 
that you're launching from different brands as well? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
So, our EBITDA margin for the sales business in the tune of 2.5%-3.5%. Only particular of the 
quarter two is some volume impact and the cost which we have maintained for the future 
growth. That's the reason. But in the steady state, it will be in the tune of 3% plus kind  
of thing. 
Mithun: 
But Y-on-Y, it is half, right, the EBITDA? 
Surendra Agarwal: 
Y-on-Y is because of the volume impact. 
Mithun: 
But the revenue fall is not as significant as the EBITDA fall. 
Surendra Agarwal: 
I'll tell you, our gross margin percentage term if you look at it is higher than the Y-on-Y.  
But being there, the volume is not there, though the volume is not sustained the cost. So, that's 
the reason the percentage of EBITDA is lower. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Also just to answer your question, I understand what you are asking. The contribution  
of Mercedes as somebody mentioned went up in this quarter because the other brands were not 
performing as well. The Mercedes revenue basically has pulled it up the other brands,  
the infrastructure was all in place. We are a kind of a combination of lot of brands which 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
happened. So, if some of the brands don't kind of perform, the cost remains where it is,  
then the revenue doesn't kick in. So, once they start kicking in, you will see a steady-state 
increase in this going out immediately. 
Mithun: 
And just wanted to understand, over the next 2-3 years, how do you see the brand, the new 
sales business, which are the brands you think will drive your growth? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, that's why I've realized that some of the brands that we have today don't have stronger legs 
as the market requires. That's why we have partnered with MG and Mahindra. So, what I can 
say is that the 3M's, the Mercedes, Mahindra, MG are likely to be kind of for the foreseeable 
future, driving our thing. The BYD if it comes, it's a complete dark horse which will happen. 
The other brands will kind of contribute with Honda SUV coming or one or the other launches 
happening. But I mean, at the top of the mind, this is what I'm saying. 
Mithun: 
Just one last one, since you mentioned that your focus will be more on high-end cars. Is there 
any sort of agreement with Mercedes that you can't launch or get into other dealerships  
of high-end cars? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No, there is no such agreement and we can get into selling the other high-end brand cars. 
Mithun: 
So, there is no plan to get into say the BMW, Audi or other brands that you? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
No. So, we may have these plans but Mercedes will have no objection to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suraj Chheda from 3P Investment Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Suraj Chheda: 
So, my question was on aftersales services revenue. If I look at last 10 years, the CAGR  
has been around 20%. And obviously the scale was low. You're also growing well from the 
low base. So, if I look at 1H numbers for FY24, the revenue growth has been 12%. So, from 
the medium term perspective, can this business will be more like say low to mid teens kind  
of growth CAGR or how should we look at this? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, Suraj, my point here is that the moment we start new businesses like MG we started,  
we had some amount of car park which was there and that started clocking in. The moment  
we start say Mahindra in Howrah, Calcutta, there is a huge amount of car park over there 
which will start giving us the revenue. So, it's just that we have been a little slow in getting into 
these things. It has taken a little bit more time. The moment we do either acquisitions or we 
kind of set up our own, which is as I said a lot of it is in the pipeline, my sense is that over  
a period of time it will all go to this level or thereabouts. It's a little difficult to kind of predict 
3-6 months or one year forward, but it will all even out. 
Suraj Chheda: 
So, in the medium term say over next 3 to 5 years, can this business grow at say 15% to 18% 
kind of CAGR all in all? 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, answer is yes. 
Suraj Chheda: 
And second question was with respect to your EBITDA margin for this aftersales business.  
So, in the past you have mentioned that this is more like 18% to 18.5% stable margin business. 
So, are there any growth drivers which can improve the margin in this segment? So, obviously 
2Q delivered 18.8% margin. But what should be the sustainable margin for this? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, if we are able to have a mix which is in favor of white labeled stuff, which I mentioned that 
we have introduced things at our end and which are really annual maintenance contracts  
or extended warranties that we are white labeling and our own accessories. If we are able  
to push more of that, our margins will increase. Else it will remain in this zone. So, a difficult 
call. I'm not saying that it will significantly improve from here, but we'll try to push up a 
percent, 1% here and there. 
Suraj Chheda: 
Sure. And one last question from my side. What will be your CAPEX guidance for FY24?  
So, if I look at 1H numbers, you'll spend around Rs. 38 crores on CAPEX and around maybe 
Rs. 23 crores in terms of inorganic expansion. So, any target for FY24 full year? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, our routine CAPEX which is the relay of our existing showroom or the service center will 
be tuned of Rs. 10 crores – Rs. 15 crores. The last quarter we had the MG acquisition and some 
other CAPEX of the complete relay of one or two locations of our Mercedes and Honda. That's 
why this CAPEX incurred in that last period. But in the refit CAPEX is in the Rs. 10 crore to 
Rs. 15 crore and then the organic or inorganic growth that will be additional. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, that will be the last 
question. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, thank you all for joining this call. I'm reminded of the Afghanistan-Australia match, 
where Australia came from behind to win the match. I think we are taking some kind  
of inspiration from that and we want to kind of go ahead and win the match and this year based 
on that. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Monarch Networth Capital, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
