                                                                            
                                                                             TRIVENI TURBINE LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE                       
                                                     8th Floor, Express Trade Towers,  
15-16, Sector – 16A, Noida – 201301, U.P. 
                                                                                                  Tel  91 120 4308000 / Fax 91 120 4311010-11 
Regd. Office :  A-44, Hosiery  Complex, Phase –II Extn., Noida – 201 305, U.P 
CIN No. L29110UP1995PLC041834  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
Date :  November 08, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services,                                 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
MUMBAI - 400 001 
Thru: BSE Listing Centre 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,                            
Listing Department                                                           
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
MUMBAI - 400 051 
Thru: NEAPS 
STOCK CODE:  533655 
 
STOCK CODE:  TRITURBINE 
Sub:  Transcript of Analysts/ Investor’s Conference Call 
 
 
  
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 46 of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed transcript of the 
Analyst/ Investor Conference Call held on 2nd November, 2023 post announcement of unaudited 
financial results of the Company for the Q2 & H1 FY24 ended on September 30, 2023. The transcript 
is also available on the website of the Company at: https.www.triveniturbines.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same in your record. 
  
Thanking You, 
  
 For Triveni Turbine Limited 
  
  
  
Rajiv Sawhney 
Company Secretary 
Membership No A 8047 
Encl : As above  
RAJIV SAWHNEY
Digitally signed by RAJIV 
SAWHNEY 
Date: 2023.11.08 18:31:18 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 25 
 
 
 
 
Triveni Turbine Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 and H1 FY 24 
Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine Limited. I now hand over the 
call to Mr. Rishab Barar from CDR India. Thank you, and over to you. 
 
Rishab Barar: 
Good day, everyone and a warm welcome to all of you participating in 
the Q2 and H1 FY 24 Earnings Conference Call of Triveni Turbine Limited.  
 
We have with us today on the call, Mr. Nikhil Sawhney, Vice Chairman 
and Managing Director; Mr. Arun Mote, Executive Director; Mr. Lalit 
Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. S.N. Prasad, President, Global Sales 
- Products; Mr. Sachin Parab, President, Global Sales - Aftermarket; Ms. 
Surabhi Chandna, Investor Relations & Value Creation, along with other 
members of the senior management team. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in 
today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature, and a statement to 
this effect has been included in the invite, which was mailed to 
everybody earlier. I would like to emphasize that while this call is open 
to all invitees, it may not be broadcasted or reproduced in any form or 
manner. 
 
We will start this call with opening remarks from the management, 
following which, we will have an interactive question-and-answer 
session. I now request Mr. Nikhil Sawhney to share some perspectives 
with you, with regard to the operations and outlook for the business. 
Over to you, sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, Rishab. A very good afternoon to all the ladies and 
gentlemen joining this call. It is my privilege to be talking to you today 
for the Q2 & H1 FY 24 results for Triveni Turbine Limited. It is a very good 
day. The quarter and half-year ending September 30, Triveni Turbine has 
reported yet another strong set of results across all key metrics of 
revenue, profitability as well as order booking. 

 
Page 2 of 25 
 
 
Again, we have our highest ever quarterly revenue and EBITDA, along 
with a record closing order book, keeping the growth momentum over 
the last 2-3 years. We had a revenue of ₹ 3.88 billion in the second 
quarter, an increase of 32% y-o-y. And we also had the highest ever 
EBITDA at ₹ 889 million in Q2, up 34% with a margin of 22.9%, an 
increase of 25 bps y-o-y. 
 
PAT for the quarter at ₹ 640 million was an increase of 38% y-o-y with a 
margin of 16.5%, an increase of 70 bps y-o-y. We also had a robust order 
booking of ₹ 4.59 billion in the second quarter, an increase of 27%. For 
the half year, again, we had a record revenue of ₹ 7.64 billion, an 
increase of 38%, as well as our highest ever EBITDA of ₹ 1.73 billion, 
which was up 41% with a margin again, of 22.7%. 
 
PAT for the half year was at ₹ 1.25 billion, which is an increase of 48%. 
And the order booking for the half year was at ₹ 9.12 billion, which was 
a 27% increase y-o-y. 
 
The record outstanding carry forward order book as of the 30th of 
September was ₹ 14.76 billion, an increase of 30% y-o-y, which positions 
us very favorably for the coming quarters, as well as for the next year. 
 
Our robust cash generation, as you would have seen from the balance 
sheet, which has been circulated to SEBI and to the stock exchanges, has 
now an investment portfolio at ₹ 8.32 billion, an increase of 24% on the 
31st of March 2023. And our reserves now are the same as what they 
were at the same time last year, which is prior to ₹ 240 crore buyback 
(including taxes). 
 
We are sustaining on our long-term growth strategy, which is to expand 
our presence in international geographic markets, while at the same 
time, expanding our product as well as service portfolios. The strategy 
seems to be working out consistently for us and we see a good visibility 
to sustain our growth momentum. 
 
Beyond the growth that I've already talked about, some of the key 
highlights are that exports as a contribution of sales has increased to 
47% from 41% in the H1 FY 24 versus H1 FY 23. And aftermarket as a 
percentage of sales has contributed 33% in H1 FY 24 as compared to 25% 
in the same corresponding period of last year. 
 
Speaking about order booking, our order booking for Product segment 
grew by 12% to ₹ 3.06 billion in Q2 FY 24. And for the half year, it stood 
at ₹ 6.13 billion. Demand from sectors such as sugar, distillery, steel, oil 

 
Page 3 of 25 
 
and gas, have also contributed to this growth. Both industrial as well as 
API drive turbines are contributing to these orders. 
 
Despite the global turmoil, we remain positive on our growth prospects 
in the medium term and have good visibility of underlying demand 
through our robust enquiry book, which has increased 33% y-o-y in the 
first half of FY 24, with a healthy contribution from both the domestic, 
as well as international enquiries. 
 
In the Aftermarket Segment, order booking grew also very impressively 
at 73% for the quarter to reach ₹ 1.53 billion, translating to a 57% growth 
to ₹ 2.99 billion in the first half. There has been a strong performance 
both in the domestic and international orders coming from efficiency 
upgrades, as well as automation. The Aftermarket business has been 
expanding its horizons through a wide array of customer refurbishment 
solutions, going beyond industrial steam turbines to other rotating 
equipment while expanding its global footprint. We are progressing well 
on this front, and we will keep enhancing the addressable market for this 
lucrative and niche segment. 
 
Combining the two segments, overall, the order booking for the quarter 
and the half-year period registered growth of 27% to reach ₹ 4.59 billion 
and ₹ 9.12 billion, respectively. Contribution of exports to order booking 
was considerably higher at 49% in the first half of FY 24 versus 40% 
during the same period last year, which bodes well for the future, both 
in terms of our product mix, as well as margins. 
 
During the quarter under review, revenue from operations grew by 32% 
as compared to the previous year to ₹ 3.88 billion, which is the highest 
ever achieved in a quarter. The growth is well balanced between both 
domestic, as well as international revenues. Domestic sales increased 
29% to ₹ 2.12 billion while export turnover increased by 36% to ₹ 1.76 
billion. This is, of course, a consequence of the order booking of the 
previous year. The mix of domestic and export sales was at 55:45 for the 
quarter, broadly similar at 56:44 in the previous corresponding quarter. 
 
The Product segment turnover was ₹ 2.68 billion during the quarter, an 
increase of 20% over the previous year, and the Aftermarket segment 
grew handsomely at 71% to ₹ 1.2 billion during the quarter. For the half 
year, revenue from operations grew 38% y-o-y to ₹ 7.64 billion, which is 
a record for the company and domestic sales increased 25% to ₹ 4.07 
billion. While export turnover increased by 59% to ₹ 3.57 billion. As 
mentioned earlier, for the first half, the mix of domestic and export sales 
improved considerably in favor of exports. 
 

 
Page 4 of 25 
 
The Product segment turnover was ₹ 5.15 billion during the first half, an 
increase of 24% over the previous year. The Aftermarket turnover came 
in at ₹ 2.49 billion during the first half, registering a strong growth of 81% 
over the previous year and contributing to 33% of total turnover in H1 
FY 24 versus 25% in H1 FY 23. 
 
On other aspects of the Company, we continue to focus on R&D and 
technology developments. It's very important for a company like us to 
continue to focus and spend money on research and development, not 
only on our current product lines, but in terms of other enhanced 
product lines that may help enhance the value that we bring to our 
customers. This is both from our Product business, as well as our 
Aftermarket business. 
 
We continue to invest with global institutions as well as academic 
institutions. But also, internally, we have a very strong recruitment 
pipeline, and we aim to become a best-in-class in terms of engineering 
research in the rotating equipment field in the country. 
 
As far as the market update, we remain confident of the growth drivers 
of the Company's Product and Aftermarket solutions with a robust 
enquiry book. Positive customer demand and overall acceptance of our 
offering has expanded our presence worldwide across segments. But as 
I pointed out, our enquiry book, which has grown by about 33%, gives us 
good visibility in terms of enhancing our order booking in the quarters 
to come, which bodes very well not only for this current financial year in 
terms of order booking, but also order bookings going into FY 25, which 
then bodes well for revenue in FY 26. 
 
With a formidable Product and Aftermarket portfolio, underlying 
demand drivers are in place, and continued focus on innovation and 
sustainability allows us to focus on people, which is really the center of 
what our focus is for the next several quarters in terms of being able to 
build and enhance the capacity and capability of our workforce not only 
within the country, but internationally as well. And we are also focusing 
on internationalization of our efforts to continue with the growth that 
we had in our export order booking, both on Product as well as 
Aftermarket. 
 
So, with that, ladies and gentlemen, I'm happy to take questions. 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 25 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We have our first question from the line of Abhijeet Singh from 
YES Securities. Please go ahead. 
 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Sir, my first question is on the Aftermarket business. Out of the 
Aftermarket revenue, what is the proportion of the revenues coming 
from our own machines and versus the machine coming from other 
companies that are installed?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Are you asking the split of the revenue in aftermarket between servicing 
and spares of our own product versus refurbishment or third-party 
services? 
 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Unfortunately, we don't give that split. But what you can imagine is that 
a significant amount of growth has over the period come from 
Refurbishment, which is a very key growth driver to our business. As you 
can imagine, the growth in sales of our spares and service is 
commensurate with our installed base, and the growth of that installed 
base over some lag. But let me ask Mr. Sachin Parab, who is our 
President - Aftermarket, to provide some more clarity. Unfortunately, 
this exact split, I'm not going to be able to give you. But Sachin, maybe 
you could provide some more clarity around the question that Abhijeet 
asked. 
 
Sachin Parab: 
So, we are seeing good growth in both our revenue streams. That's the 
Parts Sales and Service business, as well as in the Refurb business. As our 
Vice Chairman has mentioned, the growth of the Refurbishment 
business has been extremely good. And that's gaining in terms of part of 
the overall share, the Refurbishment business is growing much more 
than the Part Sales and Service business. But as our Product business is 
also growing, after a lag the Part Sales and Service business will also be 
growing at the same rate. We are seeing good traction in international 
markets and that is helping us to provide these good numbers. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
But also, our offerings in the Aftermarket space have also expanded. So, 
when we look at offerings such as upgradation and automation, these 
are not the services that we were providing earlier. So, there's an 
enhancement on our service offering also, which is also aiding the 
growth of this business. 
 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Sir, my question is that, so one is the upgradation part from a service 
offering point of view. You talked about automation. So, that is one part. 

 
Page 6 of 25 
 
But the other part is like servicing of third-party product. So, I think we 
talked about that we are also aggressive in terms of gaining share in that 
category. So, what is our strategy? Why do our customers would opt for 
our services versus the services of the OEMs of those products? That is 
my other question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
That's exactly the barrier that we need to break with the customers. The 
fact is that you have a competitive scenario, where you have a lot of 
OEMs that have left the market. So, you don't have OEMs, which provide 
service to certain customers. 
 
 
 
Secondly, there are many OEMs who have not been able to keep pace 
with technological enhancements. And so, they're not able to effectively 
provide solutions for newer technological upgradations. But more 
importantly, is the proximity to customers to be able to provide a value 
addition, where the customer needs it. So that's a break that we need to 
make and that is an issue that we do deal with. 
 
 
Of course, as you rightly point out, the market is enormous. And there's 
no concept of market share here, because very frankly, we are negligible 
in the broader scheme of things. But it all depends on what degree of 
value addition we talk about. You have lower value addition of services 
that you may do for third-party turbines, which may be items such as 
overhaul, and you have higher value addition items such as upgradation. 
Now, it all depends on not only the appropriateness of our solution to 
the client, but the confidence that we're able to build with him, so that 
we may be able to provide the solution better than the OEM. But the 
alternatives here for customers are largely OEMs and what I would say 
is local repair shops. And so, we sit somewhere in between being OEM 
ourselves with capabilities of technological development, but not 
exactly a local workshop. 
 
 
So, we sit somewhere in between as a value proposition. We aim to be 
able to enhance that in front of the customer to be able to provide 
returns. Yes. So, that's our strategy. And I think that by focusing on 
geographic expansion and being able to build confidence with our 
customers on a localized basis wherever we do operate, we aim to 
bridge those uncertainties that a customer may have into the placing 
orders on us. 
 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right. So, Sir, are we targeting a certain capacity of turbines? Or I mean, 
in this kind of strategy you're talking about, that you are somewhere 
between the OEMs and the local shops. So, is there a certain category of 
turbines in terms of capacity that we're targeting here? Or is it like across 
25 megawatt and above? 
 

 
Page 7 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, there is no restriction as such. Ultimately, the fact is that to cover 
overhead is a minimum value of order that obviously that we took at. 
But very frankly, the market is open. It's not limited directly to turbines 
only. We do it for other rotating equipment, including gas turbines and 
compressors and other rotating equipment. So, it's a question of being 
able to, again, take that whole value proposition in front of our industrial 
customers. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amar Kedia from Ambit 
Capital. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Congratulations on continued momentum on your strong performance. 
So, my question is also related to Aftermarket business. And you have 
been looking at some very strong numbers in this business for some time 
now, this quarter also over 70% growth in new orders. Last year, if I 
recall, a part of this outperformance was led by our South African 
acquisition and some utility aftermarket orders in that part of the 
business. What is driving the growth right now? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. So, very frankly, our South African Development Community (SADC) 
orders are something that we are continuing with. But Sachin, could you 
provide a little bit more visibility as to what segment of growth came in 
the last quarter? 
 
Sachin Parab: 
We are seeing good success in other geographies also outside of Africa, 
in Asia and Europe also, we are seeing good growth. So that is helping us 
show the good numbers that we are able to demonstrate. Also, the 
market in India is also giving us good traction. We mentioned about 
upgrades and automation, that is also a big chunk of the India business. 
So, this is contributing to the growth. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The fact is that we are expanding our product offering in the service 
space as well. So, there's a routine for the supply of work that we do in 
terms of spares. But as we move that along with greater technological 
offerings, which ultimately have to deliver value to the customer, this is 
reflecting itself in terms of order booking and therefore, ultimately 
turnover. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Right. I understand that. Sir, the perspective was that SADC orders were 
perhaps margin dilutive compared to your regular aftermarket business. 
But now, that you're mentioning that the current set of orders are 
coming in from regions beyond Africa and perhaps more related to your 
normal offering in the aftermarket business, I would assume that the 
margins here would be more or less aligned with the regular margins 
here then. Is that how one should look at it? 
 

 
Page 8 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, Amar, I think that what we have said in a number of quarters in the 
past is that Triveni Turbine, in the way that we calculate it, aims to 
benchmark a minimum profitability of 20% Profit Before Tax (PBT) at any 
given point in time. And so obviously, we aim to be above that. What we 
want to drive more is growth. So, we're not really going to be margin 
dilutive. Yes, all the facts of exports as a higher percentage of sales, 
Aftermarket has a higher percentage of sales are positive to margins, 
and which is somewhat reflected in this quarter and you see it in next 
several quarters also. 
 
 
But in general, the fact is we want to drive greater growth and adoption. 
Refurbishment as a market segment has multiple different value 
propositions. So, you have low value addition, which is lower in margins, 
then you have higher value addition. So, it's difficult to say quarter-to-
quarter where you aim. But what we try to make sure is that on a 
blended basis, what we're pushing more than anything else is growth. 
Because we need to be able to demonstrate our services in many 
different geographies. As we can do that and gain customer confidence, 
that's of more value to our business in the long term than any short-term 
margin expansion. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Sure. All right. And also related to SADC acquisition, I think at that point 
of time, you had highlighted that there were similar acquisitions or, at 
least, plans of maybe similar ventures in two or three other geographies. 
So, is that plan still on? Any work in progress over there? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, Amar, as you know, the fact is that this is obviously a very material 
subject that you bring out. And if we say anything, we'd have to take it 
first to shareholders and inform SEBI and the stock exchanges. But let 
me give you our experience that we had with our South African 
acquisition, which is that we acquired a significant stake in a company, 
took control of it. And at the same time, we also did establish a local 
subsidiary to be able to garner orders by itself. That allowed us to 
actually get an extremely good return on equity and capital for our 
efforts in that region. 
 
 
Not only has it been accepted very well by customers, but it’s also 
becoming a little bit of a regional support hub for our efforts, both on 
the Product as well as the Aftermarket side. So, the concept is something 
that we do agree with. As far as acquisitions go, we don't have the 
capacity, the capability to do any large acquisitions. We don't actually 
have the bandwidth for that even. But in this small service space, it's 
something that we have looked at and something that we will aim to 
discover. At this point in time, we have nothing to take forward to the 
Board, and so the Board hasn't considered anything. But I should point 

 
Page 9 of 25 
 
out that this does not stop our organic growth endeavors that we will do 
in markets, where we are seeing demand. 
 
Amar Kedia: 
Right. Just one last question from me is that Siemens Energy at a global 
level is facing troubles, and it is a major competitor volume in the global 
market. So, while India perhaps will continue as it is. But do you think 
this presents you at least a temporary opportunity to expand your 
presence more aggressively for the time being? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Obviously, I can't comment on Siemens. We respect our competition. 
We think that they are the benchmark from a perspective of market 
share and technology in this space. We are not seeing any lightening of 
competition. So that's all I can say. I don't know if they're particularly in 
trouble. It doesn't seem like that. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual 
Fund. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sir, last 2-3 years, we have been growing with a very rapid pace. Now, 
we are at the fag end of this calendar year. So, just if we are to look for 
the next 18 to 24 months, what kind of growth we anticipate in domestic 
and international market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you for your question. Of course, this is not a question that I'll be 
able to answer directly, because we don't provide guidance. But let me 
give you the fundamentals as to what drives our growth and to give you 
an idea as to how we are seeing it. Orders for this financial year are 
already captured within our order book. 
 
 
 For the next financial year, for the first quarter at least, we have orders 
in hand, probably for Q2 of next financial year as well. The enquiry book 
that we have right now is what is suggestive of the order that we will 
take in the next several quarters. Not only for Q3, Q4 but also Q1 FY 25, 
which all seem quite robust for us to continue on the growth momentum 
of order intake that we've had in the past. So, what that means is that 
the order book is what provides us visibility in terms of revenue. 
 
 
So, as we sit today, both in terms of the order booking that has happened 
from the Aftermarket and Product segments have been robust. But that 
is also backed by investments that we are making in technology and 
people, as well as in terms of having a more local presence. So, we're 
trying to allocate capital in ways that will allow us to risk mitigate any 
slowdown that we may see, because of geopolitical pressures or other 
aspects. 
 

 
Page 10 of 25 
 
 
 Though I have to say that a lot of growth that we are seeing is coming 
indirectly from energy transition, where companies are looking to 
enhance the efficiency both internally, as well as more maybe directly, 
generate power from renewable sources. So, we're in the right space 
right now, both from the Product and Aftermarket segments. And I think 
that growth visibility seems to be quite adequate from the management 
perspective. 
 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And Sir, outlook for both domestic and international segment?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So actually, I don't want to go into a lot of detail on this, but our domestic 
enquiry book has grown in the first half by about 100%. And that’s 
providing a degree of comfort on the domestic market picking up, which 
wasn’t so in the first half, which we pointed out in the last conference 
call. The international market in terms of its enquiry book is of course, a 
very large enquiry book for us. And so, for us, it’s a question of 
conversion of that. But it is also continuing to grow at a healthy pace. So 
all in all, we have the enquiry book. It is for us to go out and convert 
those orders. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ravi 
Swaminathan from Spark Capital. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. My question is kind of an extension 
to the previous participant's question. In terms of enquiry pipeline, we 
have seen good growth, I think overall almost 30% kind of good growth 
that we have seen, which geographies and which sectors are driving this 
enquiry pipeline growth? If you can do more granular detail, it will be 
great. Because why I'm asking this question is some of the larger capital 
goods companies over the past 2-3 quarters have talked about a bit of, 
say, moderation in terms of growth especially, in the domestic market 
with elections coming up in the next six months and globally, things also 
muting a bit. So, if you can give you a broad thought process as to where 
we are seeing a delta, which other capital goods companies are seeing 
some moderation. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Well, I want to ask Mr. S.N. Prasad, President – Product, to talk about 
that. But before he does, of course, it's very difficult to get into granular 
details, because every quarter, the visibility sort of gets enhanced with 
other geographies and other customers. But if you look at the quarter 
gone by vs. Q1, Q1, we've already reflected that puts in the domestic 
market, the enquiry generation was muted, sort of reflecting what you 
were saying. But in Q2, we've seen a very different perspective actually 
with specifically, segments such as cement coming back in a much 
stronger form. Steel has already been reasonably resilient in demand 
cycles both in Q1 and Q2. This is from a domestic perspective. And you 

 
Page 11 of 25 
 
continue to see a certain degree of demand from the distillery segment, 
even though there seems to be a little bit of slowdown due to lack of 
visibility on raw material availability. But Prasad, can provide some 
visibility to Ravi? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. On the enquiry pipeline-wise, yes, domestic market is almost 100% 
plus percent growth is there, especially coming from steel is one of the 
interesting segments. Steel, cement and process co-generation, these 
are the segments. Coming to international markets, yes, we have a 
strong growth in Americas, that is covering complete Central, South and 
North America region. And Europe and Turkey is another area where we 
are seeing good traction, good growth in enquiry pipeline, followed by 
Southeast Asia. These are the regions contributing. Even in international, 
again, we are into process co-generation, independent power plants, 
biomass and solid waste. These are the segments which are giving that 
sort of a growth traction. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Got it. And are these in the higher range of turbines? Or is it the regular 
range that we are seeing an increase in? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's all spread through the spectrum. 
 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Okay. So, why I'm asking this, Sir, so our EBITDA margin seems to be 
locked in that 19 - 20% kind of range for a very long period of time. And 
in spite of the very strong growth that we have seen, usually, companies 
see some operating leverage kicking in and that leading to margins 
expanding. So, I'm thinking is there the possibility of margins to expand 
from say, 19-20%? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
See the possibility is always there. But you have to tell you what  we said 
this in the last several quarters, and I think you were on those calls as 
well, Ravi, is that we are going to be spending much more on manpower. 
We're going to be spending much more R&D. And these are investments 
in the future actually. They pay off in the longer term. We added over 
15% to our workforce last year, and we continue to add in numbers like 
that. 
 
 
So, they have an implication, which comes down to where the operating 
leverage does get minimized. Yes. This is all building towards our 
capabilities for the future. We don't seem to think that margin is really 
the biggest problem for Triveni. Our focus is on growth, to sustain the 
margins that we have at a minimum of this 20% PBT margin that we said. 
But like we ended up this quarter at 22%+. We think that, that is 
somewhat sustainable for the Company. 
 

 
Page 12 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Jonas Bhutta 
from Birla Mutual Fund.  Please go ahead. 
 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Nikhil, congratulations on a great set of numbers. Two questions, Sir. 
Firstly, can you talk about the API turbine-based market, your comments 
in the investor note do highlight that, that segment along with the 
industrial segment has sort of seen growth, but slight more 
understanding from a product positioning perspective, market share 
gains have you seen in the last 12-18 months. And is that becoming a 
larger part of our enquiry pipeline, maybe from what it was about two 
years ago? Some perspective on that will be helpful. And then I'll come 
back for my second question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. As you rightly point out, there is a spurt in investment in the oil & 
gas segment. But us in specific, we had to make a lot of headway in terms 
of getting registration with the end users and consultants in this manner, 
which we have largely overcome. There's still some work that has to be 
done on that front. But if you look at from a perspective of enquiries and 
order bookings, we started from a position of having negligible orders 
this segment, and we've enhanced that quite rapidly. And we continue 
to believe that our offering here is very appropriate for us to capture 
some market share that's meaningful. We have to work towards getting 
a meaningful market share of over 25-30%. That's a long-term vision. But 
as we look at it right now, you have API requirements, which happen for 
drive turbines, which is driving process equipment such as pumps, 
compressors, blowers, etc. But you also have power generating 
requirements from the API segment as they are growing. We have 
requirements for API both in the domestic market as well as 
international market, and we are participating in both and performing 
quite well in both. I am going to ask S.N. Prasad to provide a little bit of 
visibility on this API. And Prasad, if you could just give an idea as to where 
you see it. 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes. So, API enquiry pipeline, as our Vice Chairman mentioned that, yes, 
there's a strong growth in the enquiry pipeline we have seen, over 
almost around 20% growth we are seeing y-o-y sort of growth. And our 
registration process, also a majority of the international EPCs and 
consultants, we are there on their Approved Vendor List (AVL). And 
going forward, I think this pipeline further, we are hoping that this will 
increase and maintain the same sort of growth level. And today, our 
acceptability in domestic as well as the international markets is quite 
positive. And we see this segment will grow quite steeply compared to 
Industrial Power Generation (IPG) segment. 
 
Jonas Bhutta: 
So, just a follow-up here, Sir, what we've seen is some massive ordering 
by the Middle Eastern oil majors, particularly on gas processing fields 

 
Page 13 of 25 
 
etc. So, would we be beneficiaries of anything that happens on the gas 
processing side? Or we are largely currently from a product positioning 
perspective like downstream, refinery-based? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. We're largely on downstream refinery. But very frankly, anywhere 
that there is a bottoming cycle heat requirement, we participate. And 
so, in gas processing like, for example, if you're looking at LNG terminals, 
there will be limited use for a steam turbine apart from maybe possibly 
driving equipment. But very frankly, there's steam turbines 
requirements in every oil and gas establishment, and these happen at 
the small MW range, small horsepower range to drive equipment. And I 
mean, you're pointing out one or two investments, but it's actually 
global investment that is happening in oil and gas. 
 
Jonas Bhutta: 
Understood. And my second question was circling back to this entire 
growth that you're seeing in Aftermarket, because this is the third 
straight quarter, where we've seen ₹ 1.5 billion worth of inflows 
consistently in that segment. While you and your colleagues have sort of 
highlighted that both refurb and spares seem to be driving it. But the 
question is more on the implications on margins. 
 
 
Because if we remember that when we did take on this SADC order. We 
did mention that it may have an margin implication, given that it was 
more like an entry pricing. But at least, could you give us some visibility 
on whether with progressive orders, that strategy is being folded back 
into your steady-state margins? Or we should sort of see it more as a 
two to three-year process where not just in South Africa, but with every 
incremental country, with that same client, you sort of go through the 
same process? That's my final question. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. But you see the margins, even though we may have taken one order 
at low margins have not impacted the overall margins either of that 
segment or at the company. You could see that it's partly driven by 
operating leverage, it's partly driven by a segment of exports versus 
domestic. In fact, we've had margin expansion in those contracts. Those 
contracts are largely over but though, there are some continuing kind of 
contracts that we'll get in. But very frankly, now this is becoming part of 
routine operations where we think that certain low value-added 
services, be it overhaul, will continue to have a certain margin profile. 
 
 
But they'll be supported by high-margin orders in different offerings that 
we will have for upgrades etc. So, on a blended basis, both for the 
Aftermarket segment as a specific, as well as for the Company overall, 
we really don't think margin is a problem, especially given our growth 
possibilities. We're not really going to go for orders which are low margin 
specifically. Even the SADC order was not entry pricing. It was just lower 

 
Page 14 of 25 
 
than our normal margins. But on a blended basis, we cautioned investors 
that we may see something fall. But ultimately, the team was able to 
deliver very strong margins even on those low-margin orders. 
 
Jonas Bhutta: 
That's well appreciated. But just wanted to flag off that even in the worst 
of times, like, say, 2015 through 2020 or 2021, our other expenses as a 
percentage of sales were in the average of about 14-15%, which on a 
substantially higher revenue base, we are clocking closer to 18-19% and 
which is where I think one more participant was sort of asking on the 
operating leverage bit. And so the R&D, the manpower investments, 
again, would be function more in the employee cost? Or should one 
think of the more steady-state operating expenses? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, operating expenses, if you notice that in the last several quarters, we 
had a note to accounts, which talked about a contracting charge that we 
had, which related to the other expenses based on this SADC order. 
Now, this SADC order has gotten extended to an extent which is 
becoming a little bit more routine. And so, we don't feel the need to 
actually giving the breakup in the notes to accounts. But to give you 
visibility in other expenses, because that's a very legitimate question 
that you've asked in terms of the growth from the half year perspective, 
especially, but also as a percentage to sales, a significant portion of that 
is contributed by just the subcontracting charges, which may have been 
for the half year for that particular one order. 
 
 
In general, we think that there are efforts that have to be made in terms 
of increasing our operating leverage apart from this subcontracting 
charge, which is a direct cost in a sense. We either put this as another 
expense or have included as raw material, and you would have had the 
question either way. One would be why is the raw material percentage 
of sales increased or the other way around. But for us, it's better to put 
it in here, because until we are certain that this is a long-term business, 
there's no reason for us to account it in another manner. 
 
 
But I do agree with you that there is some work that we need to do to 
get better operating leverage, specifically, in terms of our travel and 
other expenses related to sales, which, as you know, have gone up over 
the course of the last several quarters based on international airfares, 
etc. And so, we're cognizant of it. But we think that we'll make some 
more efforts in the coming quarters to see how best we can rationalize 
that. But Arun, do you have any comments around the question on 
operating leverage and specifically other expenses. 
 
Arun Mote: 
Yes. We are keeping tabs on other expenses. What we find, that because 
of the travel tickets almost doubling internationally, this is an effect. But 
then it's getting optimized. And over a period of time, it could be next 

 
Page 15 of 25 
 
six months, we will be well within our normal limits that we are 
expecting. There is no immediate correction to it. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll move to the next question from the line of Harshit Patel from 
Equirius Securities. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
My first question is on the domestic 0 to 100 MW market. Could you 
highlight what was the rate of growth in the second quarter at the 
market level? I believe you had said that it would grow by more than 
25% for the full FY 24. Would you maintain the same outlook? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think the enquiry book is suggesting that the market will grow to that 
extent, yes. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
And what would be the market in absolute value terms? I believe you 
had quoted a number of 200 MW for the full FY 23. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No, I don't think we quoted 200, must have been more like 2,000. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
2,200 for 0 to 100 MW. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. I think that's somewhere accurate. 
 
Harshit Patel: 
Okay. Sure. Sir, second, coming on the pricing front, I believe almost all 
your orders would be customized in nature and only produced against 
the customer requirement. But let's say, if I take a standard, let's say, 
eight to 10 MW SKU, then what would be the differential in pricing on 
an average? As of now, we service what we used to offer a couple of 
years back. I think there would be a lot of factors impacting the same, 
given how the raw material prices have behaved, how much more value 
addition we are now doing versus a few years back and so on and so 
forth. But just to get a sense on how broadly the pricing would have 
moved, let's say, in the last couple of years. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
You're asking a very different question, and I think it's very difficult to 
answer that, because it is somewhat competitive given the fact that this 
is a public call. But suffice to say that there have been price increases 
that the Company has taken in general, based on movement of raw 
material prices, as well as the fact that as competitive intensity weakens, 
which is that the market grows, you do have certain more pricing 
flexibility. And so, when we look at it from the basis of 5-7 years ago to 
now, they have definitely been an increase of at least 25-30%. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Himanshu 
Upadhyay from O3 PMS. 
 

 
Page 16 of 25 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Congrats on great set of numbers. My first question was, as we see more 
and more renewables playing a role in power, to a certain extent, it leads 
to faster shutdown and ramp-up of power. What impact does it have on 
the turbines? And does it lead to more wear and tear, and bigger 
opportunities for us?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Steam turbines have a longer rolling cycle than a gas turbine would. You 
don't really have so many start-stops in a steam turbine. From an 
industrial perspective, you have different considerations. A majority of 
our customers are either producing steam and therefore generating 
power out of it such as in waste heat recovery or are using steam as part 
of their process. So really, the requirement is for energy, which is both 
in terms of heat and power. It's not really only for power. There are 
customers, of course, who are generating power only both internal 
captive requirements, but also for supply to the grid. 
 
 
The turbine is sophisticated enough to have automation for both course 
down and other aspects of start-ups. The real issues that happen in 
terms of wear and tear is either the wrong inputs in terms of steam or 
other aspects also the management of the turbines itself. Those are the 
bigger causes of problems that we see with operations, I don't think that 
we can generalize for our segment in terms of the current power 
situation and shortage of power and shutdowns, etc., as being a real 
driver to any growth for Aftermarket. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. Thank you for clarifying and helping me improve my 
understanding. The second question is, what are our top three priorities 
besides revenue and financial, but in terms of product development? 
What are the adjacencies, which we would like to look with a three to 
five-year perspective besides the API turbine and the steam turbines 
where we are? Can you elaborate on that? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Our efforts are always going to be to benchmark globally in terms of all 
product characteristics. And very frankly, the field of technology 
development has various different aspects, not only in terms of 
computational fluid dynamics, but structural analysis and component 
engineering, be it from the veins to the valves to the seals, etc. 
 
 
So, there's a comprehensive approach that we have to take for a very 
complicated product and to look at it not only from the perspective of 
the manufacturability of it from a modular basis, but also in terms of 
what our customer requirements are and to ensure that we're able to 
provide value to the customer. 
 
 
So, R&D is a very complex area in terms of our investment. And from an 
end market perspective, of course, what we're making is a steam turbine 

 
Page 17 of 25 
 
as far as what the market is concerned. But there's a lot of intricacies in 
terms of the capabilities that are required for us to meet, both our 
internal expectations, as well as market expectations. So, the multiple 
disciplines that are involved, everything from structural to fluid 
dynamics to materials, etc. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
No. I get your point. I saw your plant and it was a pleasure to go and 
meet the people on the shop floor and understand the product entry 
cases. My question was broader. So, we have a good understanding of 
thermodynamics and all those aspects. What are the other areas which 
we can use our knowledge base for products? What can be the adjacent 
products, which we can try to develop like API product, what we made? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. I know what you're saying. The fact is that given our competency in 
rotating equipment, you could say that there exist parallel lines that we 
could enter. At this point in time, I think our focus on ensuring that we 
are able to grow this market segment and cover it in a more 
comprehensive manner needs a lot of space. We have product 
development opportunities that we have talked about in the past, which 
we continue to do. 
 
 
And we may not have focused it on this call, which is, say, on our carbon 
dioxide side. And we continue to do work on that, because we believe 
that it is a working fluid of the future. We think that there is a very good 
use case to have an unsubsidized use case for carbon dioxide. And we 
aim to provide technological solutions for that both at a subcritical, 
supercritical, as well as transcritical perspective. And these are things 
that we'll provide more clarity on in the coming quarters. 
 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Okay. One last small question. Last year, we increased our workforce by 
20%. And we had guided that this year also there will be an increase. Can 
you give what will be the increase? And is it across the divisions of the 
company?  
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. I'll let Arun, our Executive Director, CEO answer that question. 
 
Arun Mote: 
You see, we have had an HR plan, based on which the recruitments have 
been done. And the recruitments are proportional to the efforts 
required to lead the targeted business that we are thinking of in the 
current year. And also, we need to provide for the future years. So 
accordingly, the headcount is getting increased, and it is in all the 
functions. It is not only in one function. In fact, we're spending quite a 
lot on training our people, because HR needs to be very strong, and all 
necessary actions are being taken to support it. 
 

 
Page 18 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prolin Nandu 
from Goldfish Capital. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Congratulations on great set of numbers. I just have one question. Just 
from a longer-term perspective beyond FY 26, because until that time, 
we have visibility based on the enquiries that we are generating. Some 
of the trends in terms of industrial CapEx, API as well as biomass and that 
aspect of renewable energy. Some of these trends are something which 
might last for longer sometimes rather than just petering out in a few 
years' time. 
 
 
So, is it fair to probably say that what we are doing in terms of product 
innovation, adding more and more services to our Aftermarket business, 
do you think that we can probably in a way come, I mean, not be part of 
the cycle and taper down after FY 26 and the growth that we are seeing 
right now, not at the same pace, but might continue beyond FY 26 as 
well? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. I think that we are in a segment that is, and I have tried to allude 
towards this in previous calls, that we're in a segment, which I think is 
quite secular in terms of growth. It's not cyclical. Energy transition and 
climate change is a reality. The amount of money that's been spent on it 
is still quite small compared to what has to be spent in the future. So, we 
only think that the market, and our appropriateness of our product and 
solutions will only be more enhanced as we go forward. 
 
 
If we look at it from a perspective in terms of internal targets while I can't 
give you the exact numbers. As you know, we have taken a resolution to 
our shareholders to adopt an ESOP program. And the ESOP program is 
for some top management, but it is similar to the incentive program that 
is being offered through the Company to a variety of different segment 
of people to be able to sustain growth even further than the timeframe 
that you're suggesting. And so, this is something that we are trying to 
build in to the culture of the company, where we believe that the market 
exists, the appropriateness of our product is suitable to the market. And 
so, there's no reason why we should not aspire to sustaining the growth 
in the long term. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
And second question would be that while you have stopped giving this 
whole zero to 30 and 30 to 100 kind of distinction in terms of any 
comment that you make. But how is our traction in 30-100, where we 
are relatively newer? And just an added question to that would be, 
you're saying -- you said that you are adding a lot of services in the 
aftersales part of it like refurbishment. So, in terms of whatever is 
required in the market, I mean, where are we? Have we covered 50% of 
what is the requirement in the market and there is still 50% of services 

 
Page 19 of 25 
 
that is left from our offering point of view? So, if you can just give some 
quantitative number? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, from a perspective of the offering itself, that changes with both the 
customer expectations and the technologies available. So, you have a 
certain degree of digitization, automation and AI, which is building out 
right now. And so to what extent are we actually being able to use those 
services directly within our offering, I think we have a little bit of way to 
go. But do we have plans to cover that? Yes. So, to what extent are we 
covering it, I think, to the appropriateness and benchmark with the 
competition, we would say that we're appropriate in terms of our service 
offering. In terms of market coverage for refurbishment, it would be not 
even 1%. 
 
Prolin Nandu: 
Okay. And any comments on 30 to 100? How has been the success? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Yes. Prasad, can you talk a little bit about the experience of 30 to 100 
MW segment? I think we have a good market share and we have good 
opportunities in our enquiry book also. Prasad, is there anything you 
want to add? 
 
S.N. Prasad: 
Yes, it is. 30 to 100-MW enquiry pipeline also, so even though we have 
not that differently, up to 100 MW, we are considering as opportunity 
for industrial steam turbines. Otherwise, since a specific question there, 
yes, there is a good enquiry pipeline there, even opportunities they are 
getting converted, enquiries getting converted to opportunities. And the 
spread is quite wider across the regions and both domestic and 
international. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, certain segments like steel and cement have larger capacity orders. 
Certain segments like distilleries and sugar, etc, have lower MW orders. 
So, it depends quarter-to-quarter. The segments coming up would be in 
the higher MW range. 
 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Namit Arora from Indgrowth 
Capital.  
 
Namit Arora: 
My question was around your efforts in innovation and research and 
development. What are the efforts in that area, which might yield results 
over the medium term? Thank you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
That's a very open-ended question. We believe that we are a technology-
focused company, and very frankly, technology lies at the heart of not 
only what we do but what we offer our clients. So, it is what we are. So, 
in terms of our efforts, not only do we have enhancement in terms of 
recruitment to add capacity, but we have to enhance the capability. 

 
Page 20 of 25 
 
There's a question of global benchmark and looking at our research 
platforms from a perspective of partnerships with academic institutions, 
so that we can continuously upgrade our knowledge, but also 
benchmark ourselves with global best practices. So, it's quite an intricate 
space, where we think that this is going to be an area that we think we 
need to spend more on. We think at this point in time, we're not 
spending enough on it. So, we will be aiming to spend more in the 
coming years. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Manish Goyal from 
Thinqwise Wealth Managers. 
 
Manish Goyal: 
I have a few questions and first, on the Aftermarket, like no doubt, sorry 
for dwelling more. But historically, we have seen that whenever 
Aftermarket revenue contribution increased, we had a margin 
improvement. And if I look at the first-half numbers and the incremental 
revenues of roughly ₹ 200-odd crores, it is evenly split between products 
and aftermarket. So I'm just wondering that is it that the nature of 
incremental Aftermarket revenues what we have, our margin profile is 
quite lower in terms of what historically we used to enjoy. Because like 
earlier, it was AMCs and small refurbishments for our own machines, 
which got extended to third-party refurbishments and now upgradations 
and automation. 
 
 
So, also in related questions, Sir, number two is that right now, like what 
we observe is that we probably providing international Aftermarket 
services through subcontracting and maybe we are outsourcing that. 
And a large part of the cost probably is getting captured under other 
expenses and somewhat in employee costs. So, do we see that going 
forward the service offering, what we have, we probably have our in-
house facilities? Or how do you see that changing? That was the second 
question. 
 
 
Third related question like what do we offer on upgradations and 
automations? And you said we have some orders in India. So maybe, if 
you can provide some perspective. And then on Product side, are we 
seeing any issues on execution and order inflows pertaining to, say, 
probably, geopolitical disturbance in Middle East and Europe markets? 
Thank you, Sir. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
So, I'll start with the Product side first. Our enquiry book is large. And so 
yes, on quarter-to-quarter, different aspects of geopolitical disturbances 
do have an impact. But overall, I don't think that it's impacting the 
Company, in terms of its order growth plan. In terms of the execution 
plans, certain current orders will have delays, but that's not largely 
impacting our growth visibility, one or two orders here and there. The 

 
Page 21 of 25 
 
same thing happened with Ukraine, when the Russian war started, we 
had orders from Ukraine. But that really hasn't really impacted our 
growth efforts as a company. 
 
 
On your Aftermarket question, you're right that a greater contribution 
of Aftermarket as a percentage of sales should lead to a margin 
expansion, besides operating leverage obviously. But as I said, our 
attempts here are to firstly expand our geographic presence to be able 
to be closer to customers, which is a cost, which comes under other 
costs. And we’re able to see here is that the growth should not be 
compromised. But like I said earlier and earlier questions were asked, 
that we aim to maintain certain levels, both for the company, as well as 
segments, which allows us to be able to push growth for us faster. And 
so that is our primary objective. 
 
 
Certain orders that were taken on the Aftermarket side were, what I 
would say, lower than our normal margins. And so therefore, the 
operating leverage that could have with higher expansion of turnover 
didn't get translated. But we believe that, that in the medium term will 
get corrected, because we will revert to what are globally accepted 
norms in terms of Aftermarket pricing or Aftermarket margins. 
 
 
The other question in terms of how we do execute these orders, they're 
largely executed by us solely. And apart from certain lower-value orders, 
which require manpower, those will be outsourced, of course and they 
will be a part of other expenses. Our attempt is to stay at the higher end 
of value addition of service. So, we would always aim to add people at a 
higher end of what we can offer our customers, both from a perspective 
of sales, as well as engineering and execution. 
 
 
Last question was on what does upgrade mean. Upgradation is taking a 
turbine and enhancing its heat rate, so that the customer is able to get 
a payback very quickly. And Automation is to the same extent. 
Ultimately, this is all sold on a basis of payback for the customer in terms 
of what he's able to generate for what amount of fuel he uses. 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Amit Anwani from Prabhudas 
Lilladher. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Congrats for the strong set of numbers. My first question on the capacity 
expansion, which we did in Sompura. And we just talked about some 
turbine capacity per year after the expansion. Is there any further 
requirement since we are now penetrating into more global markets and 
have got pretty healthy enquiry pipeline? Is there any reassessment that 
we need more CapEx? 
 

 
Page 22 of 25 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
There's nothing that we've taken to our Board for further expansion right 
now in terms of capacity utilization, we seem to have adequate capacity 
for our growth for the next couple of years. But I would say that, as you 
know, the time we went for a CapEx to add a bay at Sompura plant, we 
were able to do that in a short period of time. So, constraint to growth 
in terms of capacity is not really a challenge. We do have some efforts 
that we need to do in terms of vendor development to ensure that our 
vendors are up to speed with our growth, and that is continuing and 
that's an effort that continuous. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure Sir. I wanted to understand any assessment on the market share 
globally as we are expanding in new geographies. So first, on global 
addressable market and our standing with respect to market share, and 
what is our experience with respect to competition in the new markets, 
where we have entered from the global players operating in zero to 100 
MW? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Okay. Great question. I mean, we are constrained by the fact that there 
isn't any true visibility of market share that one can get in terms of data. 
Our data is very spotty in terms of market share. So, the way that we 
benchmark our success in terms of market and growth is, well, in India, 
every enquiry crosses our desk, so we can get some market share 
assessment. But internationally, which is a real growth area, we try to 
benchmark our growth based on growth in enquiries. Because an 
enquiry for capital goods is a serious thing. It's not frivolous in terms of 
being able to provide a quotation to a customer. It's time consuming for 
us as an OEM to provide to a customer, and it's time consuming for a 
customer to read it. It's only given when it's serious. 
 
 
And so therefore, an enquiry is a very good assessment for us or where 
the market is. So, the conversion of enquiries to orders is an internal 
benchmark that we use for being able to assess our success in the 
international markets is something that we measure very closely. In 
terms of competitive intensity, there are no new players who come into 
the market globally, the same players seem to exist. We have more 
direct competition with our largest global competitor in nearly all global 
markets. And in certain regional markets, we have certain other regional 
players, who do quote as well. 
 
 
But having said that, the market is largely oligopolistic, and some 
markets is duopolistic. And we think that there's healthy competition 
and ultimately, customers do get the benefit of that competition. But 
having said that, we are comfortably placed. As long as we can get a good 
value proposition in front of the client from a life cycle value perspective 
and enhance that with adequate aftermarket service capability, we don't 

 
Page 23 of 25 
 
think that, that's too much of an issue. The bigger issue would be to 
overcome perception of the countries as a source of supply. 
 
Amit Anwani: 
Sure, Sir. So, my last question on the other expenses, and you did 
highlight it. Is there anything, with respect to more outsourcing, that is 
becoming a constraint, that you're getting orders, which needs to be 
outsourced right now? And once the, as you said, the value add or high 
value orders keeps on increasing, then you'll be in a better position to 
have better operating leverage from this level? Is that what we can recap 
from this? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
I think that as Arun pointed out as well, that there are certain elements, 
which have increased in a disproportionate manner in other expenses, 
which has largely been on the administrative side of travel and expenses 
around that. As you know and as you can see, not only do our orders 
that we take in the international market, do they have overhead cost, 
but enquiry generation is also quite expensive from a perspective of cost 
to the company. As far as outsourcing these are part of normal routine 
businesses and we don't see it expanding in any manner that's material. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Nikhil Agrawal 
from VT Capital. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sir, my question was like again, on your enquiry book. What percentage 
of your enquiry book mostly gets converted in the domestic and in the 
export market? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
This changes. Like I said, this is a data that we're not really giving out, 
but it changes really quarter-to-quarter. But internally, we use it as a 
reference for performance. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
All right. And you said your enquiry book in the domestic segment has 
increased about 100% y-o-y in H1. So, what would be that in the export 
segment, like export enquiry generation in H1? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Sorry, what was your question, what is the export enquiry generation in 
H1? 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
It's in excess of 5 GW. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Sorry? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Total is in excess of 5 GW. The international in specific is about 3.5 GW. 
 

 
Page 24 of 25 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Okay. So, y-o-y, what growth would that be? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
The growth of the international, 4 GW, is somewhere in the region of 15-
odd percent growth for the international market. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
All right. And Sir, coming to the question on Siemens, I believe they have 
some issues in the sub 3 MW segment. And since we cater to the oil and 
gas industry as well, so are we planning to expand based on that front, 
like in the sub 3 MW segment and cater to more industry, Sir? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Since this is the second time that has been brought up, we'll have to just 
investigate this a little further. We're focused more on really what our 
customer requirements are to be able to provide that better in front of 
them. We take it for granted that there will be competition. If there isn’t 
competition, that just ends up helping us. But we use competition as a 
benchmark in terms of offering for the clients, so that we can enhance 
our value proposition to the customer better than our competitors. That 
is the objective where we benchmark with competition both from a 
technology, service and other aspects of what a customer may consider 
as being useful. But I think as we currently stand, we have the visibility 
in the market. 
 
 
We are tactically going around getting growth. The team seems to be 
confident in not only the revenue that we will get in this current year, 
which is already locked in. But order booking for the next several 
quarters, which will lead to revenue growth for next financial year and 
actually, possibly order booking also for FY 25 as well. Our competition 
is very large and whatever problems they have, they'll overcome them, 
I'm sure. In segments, like you said in oil and gas, that's a segment which 
is growing. I think that there's a lot of uncertainty in this space and there 
hasn't been a lot of investment over the last decade. There's a lot of 
replacement CapEx that has to happen. So, we will be there wherever 
we can be. 
 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
All right. Got it. And sir, just one last question. Your exposure to Middle 
East countries, if you could quantify or something? 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
No. We have a presence with people and offices in the Middle East. They 
are safe and secure. In fact, they're seeing their own growth 
opportunities in the Middle East. We don't have any presence in Israel 
in specific or in Gaza. So, we're fine with that. There may be some impact 
of this spilling over into countries like Turkey. But those are catered to 
and was already forecast in our execution plan. And specific in the UAE 
or Saudi, there doesn't seem to be any impact. 
 

 
Page 25 of 25 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. 
I'll now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. Over to you. 
 
Nikhil Sawhney: 
Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. I'm sorry that we extended 
it by 10-12 minutes, but I believe that it is important to cover everyone. 
I look forward to addressing you again next quarter, where we should 
hopefully again, have a record quarter. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Triveni Turbine Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: This transcript is the output of transcribing from an audio recording and has been edited for clarity, 
consistency with published information. Although efforts have been made to ensure a high level of accuracy, in some 
cases it may be incomplete or inaccurate due to inaudible passages or transcription errors. The Company takes no 
responsibility of such inaccuracies or errors. It is compiled as an aid to understanding the proceedings of the event, 
but should not be treated as an authoritative record.  
