 
 
 
 
 
RGWL/23-24/ 
 
28th October, 2023 
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400001 
Scrip Code – 517522 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol - RAJRATAN 
 
Subject – Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year ended 
30th September, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings conference call for the 
quarter and half year ended on 30th September, 2023 conducted on 23rd October, 2023, for your 
information and records 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours Faithfully  
 
For Rajratan Global Wire Limited 
 
 
 
Shubham Jain 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Shubham 
Jain
Digitally signed by 
Shubham Jain 
Date: 2023.10.28 
12:09:22 +05'30'

 
“Rajratan Global Wire Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 23, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUNIL CHORDIA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – RAJRATAN GLOBAL WIRE LIMITED 
 
MR. YASHOVARDHAN CHORDIA –EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
RAJRATAN GLOBAL WIRE LIMITED 
 
MR. HITESH JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – RAJRATAN 
GLOBAL WIRE LIMITED 
MR. PRANAY JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER –  
THAILAND, RAJRATAN GLOBAL WIRE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: MR. SAILESH RAJA–BATLIVALA & KARANI SECURITIES 
INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
Page 1of18 

 
Rajratan Global Wire Limited 
October 23, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Rajratan Global Wire Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities, India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during 
the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja from Batlivala & Karani Securities India 
Private Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes, thanks, Enzo. Good evening all and thank you for joining us for Rajratan Global Wire 
Limited second quarter of FY24 Earnings Conference Call. During this call from the 
management side, we'll be hearing from Mr. Sunil Chordia, our Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Yashovardhan, Executive Director of the company and Mr. Pranay Jain, CFO 
Rajratan Thailand and Mr. Hitesh Jain, CFO from Rajratan India. 
 
I will now turn the call to the CMD for the opening remarks, followed by Q&A. Sunil sir, you 
can begin now. 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes. So good evening, and really happy to connect with you all, dear shareholder. I'm happy to 
report that compared to quarter 1, we have improved business significantly. So your company 
has grown in volume by on a consolidated basis by around 12%. There is some growth in India 
by thousand tons in volume and around 3,000 tons in Thailand business. The last con call I 
talked about the challenges because of the geopolitical situation in Europe, the Ukraine and 
Russia wars. 
 
I also talked about the competition from China who after the pandemic started supplies in 
Thailand market and are selling at a very low price. However, we decided to compete with 
them and not leave the market open for Chinese. So we have also started doing that and we 
have been very successful in selling bigger quantities in Thailand market. 
 
Going forward, I see this to continue and we are utilizing our Thailand capacity close to 80%-
85%. Our India capacity is also running at 85%. And of course, there is some pressure on the 
margin, but the increased volume is making up for that. So with this, you are all welcome to 
ask questions, and we are, along with me is Yashovardan Chordia. He is Executive Director. 
Hitesh Jain, Group CFO of our Indian operations, and Pranay Jain who is CFO of our Thailand 
factories. Yes, finish. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Good evening, sir. That's a good set of numbers showing some recovery there, as you told last 
time. So my first question is, are we still looking for 20% volume growth and 18% kind of 
overall EBITDA percentage for full-year basis? Because Balkrishna Industries is saying that 
there is uncertainties in global demand due to new geopolitical development like happening 

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
between the war happening with Israel and Hamas. So they are still not sure about the demand 
recovery from Europe. So how do you think about this? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Well, of course, in my opening remark also I said in spite of uncertainty, in spite of Chinese 
competition, we are confident of volume growth because we have decided to compete with the 
Chinese supply and the Thailand market has grown in spite of all this. Particularly this quarter 
we see bigger demand from our Thailand customers who are probably able to export bigger 
quantities to Europe and America. So, I'll continue with a forecast of, 18%-20% volume 
growth for this year overall. With 18% consolidated EBITDA. Yes. 
Anika Mittal: 
So, that means EBITDA margins are going to further improve in upcoming quarters, right? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, it has already improved. If you look at Thailand's EBITDA margin, which was 2% has 
come up to 11%. It will improve in this quarter and further quarter. And India's EBITDA 
margin is close to 18.5%-19%. 
Anika Mittal: 
And secondly, on the sales realization, you mentioned in the last con call like what was over in 
terms of falling prices, but looking at this quarter's sales realization, it seems we are going 
back to our historical numbers. I agree that the sales price is corrected in this quarter, but the 
question is whether 90,000 per MTPA kind of sales realization, whether these are sustainable 
going ahead or how the picture will be look like? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, in India 90,000 is sustainable at current level of raw material. If raw material goes down 
further, we may have to reduce the price in next quarter. You must have observed a big 
fluctuation in steel prices in last two quarters. Prices had gone down substantially and now last 
quarter we saw some improvement in the price. So our prices have also been correcting in line 
with the correction in the steel prices. At peak we had the price of INR115 a kg, which has 
now come down to INR90-INR95 a kg. 
Anika Mittal: 
So in second half, do you see any kind of improvement? Because steel prices, I think, they're 
likely to improve from there? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, definitely to that extent we will have to correct the prices. 
Anika Mittal: 
Lastly on the Chennai plant, we are saying that we are going to export from there. I was 
reading somewhere that the Shandong Daye is planning to set up a plant in Europe for bead 
wire. So if that happens, they are already a largest player in bead wire. So will not they disrupt 
our plans or will cause any slower ramp up in Chennai as Europe is a major market for us? 
Sunil Chordia: 
I'm not sure about their expansion plan and investment plan in Europe. But lately we are 
hearing they have reduced their volumes in China itself. Okay, but I cannot comment more 
than this about our competition, and especially Chinese competition. Okay. 
Anika Mittal: 
And sir, one last question on India side. Our volumes grew 5% Y-o-Y. So, but if we look at the 
vehicle registration numbers data, which was released by FADA this quarter, that was 
comfortably about 10%. And Balkrishna and Sridhar are also saying that the Indian market is 
doing well. So what is the reason for this slower growth in India? Are we facing any new 

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
player entering the bead wire market or imports for tyres is getting increased or imports for 
bead wire is getting increased so what is the exact reason sir? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes the reasons are that import continues to come in at a lower price and our competition Tata 
Steel has put up some increased capacity which has become operational last quarter, which has 
also taken away little market share from us. We are also, we have aligned our strategy to 
ensure that we continue operating at 85%, 90% operational level. And this business, if we run 
the plant at full capacity, our cost also comes down, which helps us to compete in the market. 
So, we have decided to ensure that our customers are not importing more, they are buying 
more locally. 
Anika Mittal: 
Understood, sir. Okay, that's all from my side. Congratulations. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Karthik Iyer, who's an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Karthik Iyer: 
Good evening, sir. Congratulations on the turnaround in Thailand. I just wanted to ask a couple 
of questions regarding India. So is the entire capex for Chennai completely done or is there any 
tranche that is left? And when will it start meaningfully contribute to the top line? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, we have up till now, we have invested around INR195 crores in our Chennai facility. We 
are starting trials in this half, maybe towards end of this year. And the full revenue from 
Thailand factory should come in the next financial year. 
So, of course, there is a balance of investment of close to inr100 crores, which will happen 
over the next one year. As the business grows, we'll add more equipment and increase the 
capacity. But the basic infrastructure, basic investments is done up to INR200 crores, up to 
INR195 crores. 
Karthik Iyer: 
So by increased capacity, you mean the capacity is 60,000, correct? So will that be the 
number? 
Sunil Chordia: 
60,000 tons but we have been very clear that this will take at least three to four years to 
achieve 100% capacity utilization. So our business plan for next year from Chennai factory is 
around 14,000, 15,000 tons. Absolutely. 
Karthik Iyer: 
And regarding the Indian market, are you noticing supply pressure from the dumping from the 
Chinese manufacturers? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Not so much from Chinese because Indian customers as well as Indian government is not 
freely allowing Chinese companies to enter Indian market. Okay, but we are we are seeing the 
import from Malaysia and Vietnam who are globally very big companies they are they 
continue to supply in Indian market but we have you know we have talked to our customers we 
are offering them some kind of quantity based discounts which we can afford to give and we 
are trying that in the current quarter and next quarter the import is reduced. 

 
Page 5 of 18 
 
Karthik Iyer: 
All right and has there been any traction in Europe and America? Because in the last investor 
conference I believe we had sent some you know representatives to test the market out there 
for the company? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, I'll ask Yashovardhan to respond to that question because he is taking care of global 
marketing. Yashovardhan? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, so there is quite a lot of traction in the European market. As we shared in the previous 
calls, we are getting positive response. And in two, three customers, our approval process has 
started and fortunately in the next quarter we will start considerable amount of supplies to one 
of the customers in Europe. 
So I'm hoping for the next two quarters some volumes will increase but to be honest in our 
business plan volumes, any volumes for Europe and America, we used it. So whatever supplies 
start within this year is going to be a positive. 
Karthik Iyer: 
And what kind of margin will we be selling to Europe? Will it be the same as we're selling in 
India or Thailand? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
No, the next quarter supplies would be comparable to a premium customer in Thailand. So I 
would rate it somewhere similar to a Japanese company that we are supplying to in Thailand. 
Right. 
Karthik Iyer: 
And with the whole geopolitical scenario, how, I mean, how can you give us a sense on how 
do you see the market in the next two, three quarters playing out? 
Sunil Chordia: 
So internationally, definitely geopolitical uncertainty still remains, but the real sanctions of 
steel coming from Russia have been coming in place now. So the geopolitical situation was the 
supplies from Russia for certain products was still continuing. Tyre companies have now 
started formally asking us to declare that our steel does not have any relationship with Russia. 
So the consumption point of view, it will still remain uncertain. But I'm seeing that Tyre 
companies are very positive to develop an alternate source. And they are looking at India and 
Southeast Asia as suppliers to them as compared to China. 
Moderator: 
 
Thanks. The next question is from the line of Mr. Jinesh Gandhi. Please go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi, Sunilji. My question is on India market. You indicated about the market share loss due to 
Tata Steel's new capacity. Can you indicate about what kind of market share loss we have seen 
and what is the potential loss as Tata Steel further ramps up? 
Sunil Chordia: 
So you know, Tata Steel has put up a new line at the same location in Tarapur where they 
make the wire and they did sell some volumes in last quarter but you also know that only 
reducing price will not give them bigger volume. Bigger volumes will come when there is 
really a good demand and also they will have to compete with the import in quality. 

 
Page 6 of 18 
 
So that business definitely they sold some quantities in low cost customers where we lost the 
market share and I will say we lost around 1,000 tons of volume in last quarter because of that. 
But at the same time, both of us, Tata, Rajratan, we are looking at the growing market of India. 
So this situation should be corrected in subsequent quarters, maybe next two, three quarters. 
They should be able to sell what they want to and we should be able to sell because the 
projection for growth of tyre company will be very high. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right, okay and any sense on what's the size of the capacity which Tata Steel has put up at 
Tarapur? 
Sunil Chordia: 
They have increased from 3,000 tons a month to 5,000 tons a month. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, so they've added about roughly 2,000 tons a month. And second question pertains to the 
Thailand operation. So there we have seen a very smart improvement in our gross margins, and 
this is despite we taking up pricing action to improve our volume. So how do we read into 
that? 
Sunil Chordia: 
It is purely because of improved production. Okay, when we run on that 80%, 85% capacity 
utilization, the variable cost also comes down. And this is the result of that. So I think on my 
last call, I was very clear that this year we have the strategy to fight and to increase our market 
share in Thailand. So our market share has come back to 25% in Thailand. And you will see 
much better numbers in quarter three and quarter four from Thailand. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. Okay, so the gross margin improvement is also because of improvement in production 
and nothing to do with the -- no price increases after initial reduction? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, and the raw material prices also went down. Last quarter, Yes. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And lastly, at Thailand plant, so from where we are today in terms of, say, close to 11% 
margins, how do we expect that to go to close to about 17%, 18% for us to attain consol 
margins of 18%? Again, this would be entirely driven by further improvement in production or 
do we see some… 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, it will be driven by increased production. So, our prediction for next quarter in Thailand 
is you know, around 85% of capacity, which is 12,000 -- 13,000 tons in the next quarter and 
then quarter four which will improve the EBITDA margin also from 11%. And we are not 
talking of 18% EBITDA margin in Thailand, we are saying it will be around 15-16. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Okay, then we do believe there will be some improvement in India business as well. 
Sunil Chordia: 
And Jinesh there are few customers where we are -- we have already got the approval the 
bigger volume to those customers will also improve the margin. Like I showed and talked to 
you about the European customers.. We are supplying a big quantity in this quarter to that 
customer. So we are at a much better price. So overall, this will improve the margin. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
And in that context, India business potentially will see margins going close to 20% for us to 
attain 18% kind of consol margins. So that could be primarily driven by… 

 
Page 7 of 18 
 
Sunil Chordia: 
We are already at 18%, 19% EBITDA margin. I don't project further improvement on that. I'll 
even fight for the volume rather than for the margin. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And lastly, in terms of capex now, given that Chennai plant, a large part of investment 
has happened. So for FY '24, the first half, I think we have invested close to INR55 crores, 
INR60 crores. Second half, what kind of investment do we envisage? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes so you know to start production here we need around INR20 crores, INR25 crores more to 
start the production here and the balance production will do next financial year. When we 
really need bigger quantities. So we have done up to INR195 crores. So maybe INR220 crores 
to INR225 crores will be enough to start production in this financial year. And then below 
INR70 crores, INR80 crores will be invested over next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Dhimant Shah from ITI Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Dhimant Shah: 
Yes, thank you for taking my question, sir. So clearly, I think both the plans are moving in a 
trajectory that possibly we had envisaged post the first quarter. Now you said there are imports 
from Malaysia and Vietnam. Are these in a way pseudo Chinese entities that kind of… 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, no, they are not pseudo Chinese entities, they are Korean companies, who are there in this 
business for a very long time. One is the Kiswire, a Korean company, another is Hyosungfrom 
Vietnam. They have shut their operations in Korea and shifted all their production lines or 
production capacities to Vietnam and Malaysia. They are doing, they are suppliers to the best 
companies in the world. 
Somehow they sell some quantities at lower price in Indian market also, which is bothering us, 
but selling at that price also is profitable for us. And increased volume reduces our costs. So 
we are also, having our strategy, we are talking to customers not to import from them and what 
kind of incentive we can offer them for not importing. 
The biggest incentive for all the customers in South India will be our supply from Chennai 
plant. Where we will be offering them just-in-time supply. So that is the long-term plan, but in 
short term also you will see that our volumes are going up and you know the import numbers 
should be reduced. 
Dhimant Shah: 
Perfect and you said you know on customer approvals you did mention something sorry I my 
audio wasn't that -- so just one thing. Yashovardhan been talking about both in the domestic as 
well as the overseas market would you say there is a significant ramp-up in the new customer 
approvals. 
Sunil Chordia: 
There is a good traction you know quantity will take time. But like Yashovardhan said we have 
got a good order from one European customer the quantities will be supplied in current quarter 
and next quarter and we are getting good response from multinational tyre companies on our 
connecting with them so continental visited last month, did an audit, they are coming to 
Thailand facility next month. Similarly, Bridgestone has also responded positively for 

 
Page 8 of 18 
 
American business. We are also in contact with Goodyear, okay. So hopefully some business 
from Goodyear will also start from Thailand, yes. 
Dhimant Shah: 
 
So given that, we will see fruition of the Chennai plant very shortly, by end of this quarter? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, that will be, we'll do the trials, we'll have to submit samples, we'll have to go through the 
whole process. So, repeatedly I am saying the -- the bigger volumes, close to 14,000 tons, 
15,000 tons addition in Indian business will happen from Chennai next year of FY '25. 
Dhimant Shah: 
No, I'm saying, of course, this Chennai plant, does it, on an overall basis, does it give us both, 
some sort of volume and cost advantage in your opinion? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, cost advantage definitely, we are closer to customers, so there is a INR2,000 per ton 
saving on the freight itself, then we are closer to our raw material suppliers, which is 
Vijayanagar, JSW. So there is a saving of freight on the raw material also. And some of the 
saving will be passed on to customers to get bigger wallet shares. 
Dhimant Shah: 
Perfect. Yes, perfect. So we are in a much better position now. So overall cost, some of the 
Chinese guys also we would be in a much more comfortable position post possibly Chennai, 
running of the plant in a more conducive fashion? 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
Yes. 
Dhimant Shah: 
 
Super. That's all, sir. Rest and most of the questions were answered. 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
Thank you, Dhimant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Singhania:  
Hi, sir, good evening. 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
Yes, Pratik. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, my first question would be with respect to the Thailand operations. In Q1 and Q2, what 
was our mix between the Chinese and a non-Chinese customer in our sales volume? And when 
we are talking about 12,500 tons to 13,000 tons for Q4 FY '24 for Thailand operation How 
much -- how this mix will be tilting? 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
Yashovardhan? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, so Pratik as compared to Q1 we sold more volumes to the Chinese customer. I would say, 
it's total about 20%, 25% of volumes that are going to Chinese companies. But that was the 
strategy because gaining volume and getting volume leverage and reduction in cost was a 
better way to run as compared to running a plant at a lower efficiency. So that's what we did in 
quarter two. And moving forward, I believe in quarter three, quarter four, this will either 
continue or will increase further. 

 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Pratik Singhania: 
So we are seeing that Q1, the Chinese mix was 20%, which increased to 25% in Q2 and this 
might increase further in Q3, Q4 right? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
This will remain the same or slightly increase further but there are some volumes which are 
increasing in the export market and we are under approval. There are certain customers, we 
have already got approval. So for Q3 and Q4, we will be moving towards bulk supplies to 
them. So it will be a mix of volume increase from these different counters. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay but how has the pricing trend, the competition which you are facing in Chinese 
customers, wherein the Chinese bead wire manufacturer or other companies were dumping? So 
what is the current trend over there? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
The trend remains the same but I would also say it is slightly improved. There was a prolonged 
period where companies in China were running to just keep the plants running. The demand, 
the local demand in China was not good. But globally there is some change in demand in the 
US. We hear that tyres have started moving in the US. So a lot of companies export the tires to 
the US market. 
And with improvement in US, their consumption and their demand in Thailand is also 
increasing. So, but more importantly, when we run at a higher utilization, the plant at 80%- 
85% production capacity, our manufacturing costs are really good and maybe the costs are low 
and we are able to compete to the Chinese companies and still being profitable in those 
counters. So moving forward, being competitive is the only strategy to supply in this context. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Is that the reason that, Q-on-Q basis, if I see per ton of realization, the de-growth in Thailand 
business was slower than that of Indian business. So, can we say that, this was because of the 
competitive intensity easing off as compared to the price decrease that you witnessed in Q2? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, to an extent, I would agree to that. In Q1, we wanted to continue the pricing, we lost some 
volume, but then volume went down and manufacturing cost increased. Whereas in Q2, 
grabbing orders in an aggressive way and running the plant more efficiently, I believe the costs 
are much better. 
Pratik Singhania: 
And with respect to 85% capacity utilization that we are anticipating in Q4, why are we 
working with 13% EBITDA margin and why not higher? Because I believe that, this 60,000 
tons is like completely single line, right? A big single line of 60,000 tons as compared to what 
40,000 tons we used to have in Thailand? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, this is a single line. There are few machines that are still in pipeline, which will get 
commissioned in November and December. So Q3, there still remains some capacity 
constraint because in our plant, if the product mix changes, the overall capacity also changes. 
So for a certain diameter, we can't produce enough quantity as compared to a different 
diameter. 
So from the sales mix point of view also, overall, if I compare it to 60,000 tons, we are running 
at 85% but there is no further scope to improve. So from situations like this moving forward, 

 
Page 10 of 18 
 
we are also trying to see how we can efficiently change the product mix in terms of taking 
orders so that we get a higher tonnage from the same installed capacity. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay and how is this customer behaving in Thailand because see ultimately there was quite a 
bit of mess over there, that first you are not ready to supply them at a reduced price and then 
after waiting for four months, five months, we decided we will fulfil our capacity is in – sell 
them at a lower price with a reduced EBITDA and now once pressure is easing off with respect 
to the competition, are they allowing you to make better margins or like you think that, even in 
the Chinese customer you'll be able to generate the same kind of margins which you used to 
make before this Chinese competition came in? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
When you ask me, how customers behaving? In a very low demand market, customers are 
always tough. You have to find your own way. There is some correction in demand also. There 
was a lot of uncertainty, which we saw with tyre companies as well. On month-on-month, 
there was change in orders. 
 So definitely, picking up of demand is one of the major factors where customers are also now 
placing bigger orders. So overall, if I see, if demand continues to improve, I don't see any 
challenge in terms of Chinese competition moving forward because competition will be able to 
tackle by running plants at a higher volume and having a very low production cost. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay, thank you. My question was with respect to the Indian operations that we lost 1,000 tons 
of sales, right? 1,000 tons is equivalent to like 7% growth. So, does it was due to losing market 
share to Tata Steel? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, so this will happen, if a new supplier comes in, he goes to customers asking for bigger 
business because he will increase capacity, he will offer some discount, he will make a reach 
for himself and they will take one quarter to respond to that competition, okay, but in longer 
run, all this will get absorbed. I don't see that, we will not be able to sell bigger volumes from 
here. Important is that, we should also be able to sell bigger volumes. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay, so basically, if you are talking about 1,000 tons in a quarter, 300 tons out of 2,000 tons, 
so can there be a possibility that, there can be incrementally subsequent quarters also there can 
be a market share loss before it gets bottom out and then we can say maintain or increase a 
market share further. So can we see like couple of quarters of further market share loss before 
we stabilize a market share? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Now with the increased capacity of Tata Steel and Rajratan bigger capacity coming up, I think 
the imports will reduce, okay. Customer was also seeing that, we were not able to supply on 
time, every time, okay. So they also continued buying around 2,000 tons from import market. 
So the first priority in the market share will be the import coming into India. Okay. And that is 
how market will correct itself. Yes. 
Pratik Singhania:  
Great, sir. Thank you so much for answering. All the best. 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
Yes. Thank you, Pratik. 

 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harini from Sundaram Alternates. Please go 
ahead. 
Harini: 
Good evening, sir. I just had one clarification on the India business. So I was just looking at 
the EBITDA per ton, what were the trends which were coming in. So even though we've been 
able to increase our EBITDA margins, but on a per ton basis we've actually been going down 
when, I compare it on a year-on-year basis. Even though last year we were around 18% 
margins and now we're at 19% margins. But on a per ton basis, we're almost low by around 
INR1,500 per ton. So how do you look at it or is EBITDA per ton not a right measure to look 
at? 
Sunil Chordia: 
You know, yes and no. We do try to maintain the price on per ton EBITDA also, but we have 
to also make sure that throughout all this call we discussed about competition from imports, 
competition because of Tata increasing capacity, okay. So with increased price, EBITDA per 
ton also increases that is generally I feel but there is no fixed formula. Ultimately, we are in a 
competitive business and we have to ensure that we are getting good market share, we are able 
to supply good quality, good quantity to all our marquee customers. 
And frankly, we don't make decision, pricing decision based on how much EBITDA 
percentage are we making. End of the quarter, how much EBITDA percentage we have made, 
it is always the revenue to look at percentage very minutely, but we look at overall figure. 
Harini:  
 
Understood. 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
It's very difficult for me to commit, you know. 
Harini: 
Understandable, sir. So, I'm just trying to understand if looking at that is a -- because we at 
least have a lag in pass-on, but we generally pass on the, I mean, commodity prices. So, from 
that angle, I was just trying to understand if there is any other metrics. 
Sunil Chordia: 
There are some time gaps in passing on the price correction. 
Harini: 
Understood. Sure, sir. Thank you, 
Sunil Chordia: 
Which also makes a difference. 
Harini: 
Sure, sure. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Anika Mittal from Nvest Analytics 
Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Anika Mittal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity again. Two questions, one is, sir has mentioned that the imports 
will fall in Q3 and Q4. So what is the rationale for it? Means why we are thinking like the 
import is going to reduce in upcoming quarters? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Because we are negotiating with the customers and we are matching the price with import in 
those counters. There are two particular customers who are importing at a lower price. And as 
told to you, we are targeting those counters because we have capacity, we have the increasing 

 
Page 12 of 18 
 
capacity coming in, Tata has already increased. So this is very much of that we will take the 
market share from import. 
Anika Mittal: 
Sir, Chennai is mainly for export, right? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Not mainly for export. Chennai should be serving at least 50% to customers who are around 
200 km from our factory. All the bigger tyre companies are close to Chennai area. 
Anika Mittal: 
And so like Tata has increased the capacity and I think they are somewhere around, like you 
mentioned, 60,000 per annum, right? So how they are able to offer their product at lower 
prices? Means similar level of capacity we are having and similar level of capacity they are 
having now. So how they are able to offer their product at lower prices? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, they should any addition capacity if you approach your customer because there are a lot of 
technical issues also when you start a new production line. And Tata must be under 
compulsion to sell that quantity, okay, to particular customers which may not be meeting the 
technical requirement of big customers. So they have offered discount they have sold that 
quantity whatever they produced. But I don't think, Tata will continue to do that for a very long 
time. Maybe soon, in few quarters, we will see the demand also increasing. 
Anika Mittal: 
And sir, Tata further goes for increasing in the capacity. So is that a red flag you are looking at 
this moment? 
Sunil Chordia: 
The current expansion has happened in the same location. And it won't be very wise on part of 
Tata to increase capacity at one location more than the other. Anyway, they are in Tarapur, so 
there are few customers around their factory, but everything they could ship is in South India. 
Let's see. Can't say anything about the competitors, what they'll do. 
Anika Mittal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a couple of questions. Sir, first is this new capacity 
which Tata has just commissioned, has it qualified in the PLI or does it have any tax rebates? 
Just trying to get a sense on why they are being aggressive in the marketplace? 
Sunil Chordia: 
I'm not sure about they’re getting PLI or not, I'll have to check. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay, so secondly, this incremental capacity which has come up from them, is it under 1.6 or 
0.96, any sense? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, they will make anything or everything on that line. Because it is in the same factory, okay. 
They have put up one more line. So half of their facilities are the same. They have put up 
modular machine and one more coating line in the same thing. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay, and sir how will it be for us when we start the Chennai facility? Will it be more 1.6 or 
0.96? 

 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, both, we'll do both. 
Ritesh Shah: 
We'll do both. But sir, when we say, initial 15KT once we start, will it be again 50-50 or will it 
be more towards one specific diameter? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, the requirement is shifting towards thicker wire. If you are seeing gradually that share is 
increasing. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay, this helps. And I had a few questions for Yash. Sir, I just wanted to check, has there 
been any change in the tariff structure when it comes to Chinese exporting Bead wire into 
Thailand, either with rebates or anything at all over last six months to nine months? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
No. After the pandemic, the rebates were taken off by the Chinese government and it's still the 
status remains the same. So as of today, there is no rebate that a Chinese manufacturer gets in 
China to export the material outside. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And my second question was, how should we look at the tariff differential from a tyre 
manufacturer standpoint? Say if I'm a high tyre manufacturer versus I have acquaintance who's 
based in Korea, Vietnam. How is the Thai tyre industry placed on the relative differentials 
when it comes to exports to US and Europe? Has anything changed in last three months to four 
months? Because based on our readings I think, a couple of Thai tyre manufacturers they have 
been exempted of duties. I'm not sure, whether we cater to them or not, so just wanted to get a 
sense more from a top-down standpoint? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
So what we had read a long time back, the duties that were placed on companies from 
Thailand by the US government, every company had a different duty structure. So like 
Sumitomo, who is our largest customer in Thailand, they had the lowest amount of duty for 
them then. Yes, definitely tyre companies don't dump the material. They I believe maintain the 
price so their share of duty that was imposed to them was also lower as compared to the 
Chinese companies. But we supply to all companies in Thailand. So there is no company who 
we are not supplying to apart from Maxis. So I believe whatever gain they are getting from this 
differential duty structure, I'm sure we are also getting the business from them. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure, and would it be possible for you to quantify import intensity in volumetric terms for 
China as well as India for first half of the fiscal? 
Yashovardhan  Chordia: 
So you mean to say, how much material is imported on a monthly basis in Thailand? 
Ritesh Shah: 
Thailand as well as India, specifically for Bead wires, import intensity. So I think what sir was 
trying to explain is, we will try to substitute imports by giving some volume discounts to the 
existing customers, offer them a better proposition. I'm just trying to understand what part of 
the market we can substitute which can also help us grow our volumes. 
Yashovardhan  Chordia: 
So overall, about 2,000 tons to 2,500 tons gets imported in India on a monthly basis. And 
Thailand market today would be at about 9,000 tons overall demand. And we are supplying 
about 3,000 tons to them locally. So, that means about 5,500 tons, 6,000 tons is still getting 
imported. 

 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
Right, and this number for 2,500 tons per month for India, how has it changed on a year-on-
year basis or is this a monthly average or first-half average? How should we look at it? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
I believe, this average has been there since a long time. So I don't think there's a major change 
today. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay, this is helpful. Thank you so much. I wish you all the very best. Thank you. 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Harsha, who's a shareholder. Please 
go ahead. 
Harsha: 
Yes, hi, thanks for the opportunity. So I just wanted to understand the rationale for you to wait 
for a quarter to utilize, the plant in Thailand. I mean, you've been in this business for long. I 
mean, initially, for the first five years to six years in Thailand, we had challenges in kind of 
utilizing the Thailand plant and after like six years or seven years, we've finally been able to 
utilize the plant and generate margins out of that. So why did you have to wait for the 
competitive intensity to increase? And you know, you had to kind of lose out on the customers 
and then come back and give discounts, what was the rationale there? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
So there are two things. One is, in the first quarter, we were still in the phase of installing 
capacity. So we were not up with installing everything in first quarter, plus before that the 
market was really good. The demand was really good. So China being so aggressive, 
particularly was only because maybe the domestic demand in China was really bad. 
Overall, internationally, market was not that bad. So definitely, there can be instances where 
there is few players who decide to be really competitive and use their production facilities or 
maybe sell the stocks that they have. So there can be multiple factors. I believe this must have 
happened a couple of times earlier also. It's not that every time, we've been able to take the 
right decision. But I'm confident that we are back on track, so it should not be a big problem. 
Harsha: 
Okay, sure. And I think, it's Chennai plant, so I think you've been guiding over 15,000 tons to 
16,000 tons next year, so that's about 25% utilization. What kind of EBITDA margins can we 
generate from Chennai plant in the first year with 25% utilization? 
Sunil Chordia: 
It is difficult to project today because Chennai is a new facility. Largely, we will have a cost 
advantage, which part of it we have to pass on to the customer, but separately talking of 
Chennai business and  its EBITDA Margin is difficult because we'll be supplying to same set 
of customers whom we are supplying from our Indore facilities. And sorry, we have not done 
that projection and that minute working or projected with a margin in some way.  
Harsha: 
Yes, but is it safe to say that it will be lower? I mean, it will be lower, obviously lower than the 
company average, right? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Definitely. Can we reach a higher capacity utilization, it will be lower. Then there are other 
factors like what products are we able to sell locally? You know, if we are selling direct drawn 

 
Page 15 of 18 
 
sizes, sticker sizes, or radial tyres, where the cost is low and the prices are better. So a lot of 
structures are there. 
Overall, India business, I can say, we will be able to maintain. The consolidated between 
Pithampur and Chennai. Because we have planned a lot of logistic cost savings. The Pithampur 
facility supply more in the Western India and Northern India. And some capacity which will 
be supplied in South India from here will be available in Pithampur factory. We are also 
discussing approval of Pithampur to begin with from export. So multiple options are there. 
Harsha: 
Yes, so just to clarify, I mean you're saying that despite the Chennai plant utilizing at lower 
levels, the overall blended India margin should be maintained next year? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, overall it should be maintained. 
Harsha: 
Okay, sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thanks so much. The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir just two questions. One is, has there been any industry representation locally to check the 
surge in imports or basically 2,500 tons per month? Is it something which you along with Tata 
Steel and a few other players are comfortable with? 
Sunil Chordia: 
I didn't understand. Come again. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, has there been any industry representation to bring in some sort of tariff measures to curb 
imports into India? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No. We have not done anything and any such move can disturb our customers. They don't like, 
okay. They don't like putting restrictions on import or that. Okay, because they can always 
import against their exports. So, and there is no policy under the WTO also, where we can stop 
imports totally.  
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And the second question is, are there any incremental supplies from coming from any of 
our peers besides Tata Steel in India? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Sorry, I'm not able to hear. 
Ritesh Shah: 
From a demand-supply angle, just like Tata Steel commissioned its capacity recently, are there 
any other players who are coming up with incremental capacities for Bead wire in India over 
the next year or two? 
Sunil Chordia: 
We hear about Balson Wire that they want to increase capacity, but their capacity utilization in 
the current factory is also very low. So, frankly speaking, when any wire player looks at 
Rajratan balance sheet and its result, everybody gets tempted, but very few understand the 
difficulties and the hard work you need to do to reach to this level. So I cannot say that nobody 
will come, okay. Tata has already increased capacity. Balson may put up a new factory, but my 

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
current information is that they are using very low capacity. They are not more than 500 tons, 
600 tons a month in the market, which is a hugely  loss making proposition. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. That is useful. And just last question. When you interact with the tire manufacturers, you 
did indicate the just-in-time benefit for our Chennai plant, but when the discussions happen, 
does it even come to scope three emissions? So you did indicate that the tire manufacturers 
would also like to import and we can't do, we don't want to hamper that process. But when it 
comes to ESG, scope two and scope three norms, if it's a facility is there in your proximity, it 
will definitely help the tire manufacturers to reduce their scope three emissions because they're 
procuring it locally versus imports. So does this sort of discussion pop up? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, Yes, that is my goal, actually. The background of increasing or putting up a new factory 
in Chennai is because of our customers. They all have been asking us to do this, okay. And 
there is a long-term assurance that the market is growing, we are increasing capacity, 
everybody, Apollo, CEAT is putting up a new factory, MRF is increasing capacity in all its 
facilities. So they want a raw material supplier, and closer is better. So this will happen. I don't 
see any resistance. 
And frankly speaking, people continue to import because last three, four years, there was a 
shortage of  bead wire. They have suffered for want of  bead wire. So they have kept those 
channels and those approved suppliers intact. They see for a long time that there are enough 
supplies locally and good quality is available, nobody wants to import that, such a small item. 
But big decisions will be taken in a longer run, not monthly, not quarterly. 
Ritesh Shah: 
 
Okay. Sure, thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Bhargav from Ambit Asset 
Management. Please go ahead, sir. 
Bhargav: 
Yes, good evening team, and thank you for the opportunity. My first question is that you 
mentioned that from your Thailand entity, the share of Chinese customers is close to about 
25%. So my question was, what was the share about a year back? Was it lower than 25%? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, it was 25% on the lower market. Fortunately, Thailand market is also growing very fast 
and during last year, it had come down to 19% market share which we have reported in our 
presentation also, which from 19 has come back to 25 and there is a headway to move up to 
higher market share now. 
Bhargav: 
Sir, I was referring to the share of Chinese in from your Thailand volumes, Chinese customers. 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yashovardhan, can reply that. 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, so if I compare purely the domestic supplies that we are supplying to Thailand, almost 
45% to 50% we supply to the Chinese companies today. 
Bhargav: 
And has this share of Chinese increased over time or has it been sort of flattish? 

 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
No it has definitely increased over time. Definitely when you compare from quarter one to 
quarter two. But gradually also if you look at from what it was last year to now, it has 
increased because those companies are investing further. They are all companies who have 
started almost two, two, four years, five years back. So they are also ramping up their 
production and continuously investing in adding capacity. 
Bhargav: 
And in terms of margin trajectory, do these customers sort of have lower margins as compared 
to others or how is it in terms of margin profile? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, definitely they have lower margins as compared to other Thai and Japanese companies. 
But being competitive and supply them is the only way forward. So there are ways where we 
are also looking at reducing our cost, particularly when we supply to these companies. We 
have taken a lot of internal projects to reduce our overall cost. And we have been also 
supported with slight reduction in the raw material price, which was headwind, which was a 
tailwind in the last quarter. 
Bhargav: 
And these Chinese customers are primarily selling it in Thailand or are they exporting to other 
countries? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
No, there are some companies who are 100% export oriented. There are very few who must be 
supplying to the Thailand domestic market. They do supply to Southeast Asian markets, some 
of them do it in the Middle East. But I would say 70% to 80% goes to Europe and US. 
Bhargav: 
So as a strategy, I mean, we would sort of ideally want to restrict this share of Chinese to 
where it is now, right, given that they are sort of fairly low on margins? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Sir, I have just a couple of follow-up questions for bookkeeping. With respect to Chennai 
plant, is there any quantity that we have produced in terms of supplying it to the testing and 
how much is that for Q2? 
Sunil Chordia: 
No, nothing. We will start trials later in this quarter or early next quarter. 
Pratik Singhania: 
Okay, that was it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. And the last question for the day is from the line of Radha. Please go 
ahead. 
Radha: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. My question was, so some customers like Michelin, so 
Rajratan is the only company to have approvals for supplies to Michelin from India. So now 
that new capacities have come up, I just wanted to understand how tough it would be for those 
capacities to get approval from the premium customers like this and overall what kind of 
volumes are we supplying to Michelin? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, so two things, one such multinational companies don't have multiple suppliers like in 
Bridgestone we are recruit for many years and we are paying the source to them. Okay, 

 
Page 18 of 18 
 
similarly, Michelin, we are recruit for last two years. Unfortunately, Michelin's business has 
come down drastically in India. But whatever material they are buying, they are buying only 
from Rajratan in India. Yes. 
Radha: 
Okay, so secondly, you mentioned that you're accepting higher volumes from three major 
players, Bridgestone, Continental and Goodyear from your Thailand plant. So as of now, how 
much are we supplying to them and how much additional are we accepting in the second half? 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
So we are not supplying anything. I think what sir had mentioned is that we have got positive 
feedback from these companies who are operating in Europe, America. So, in our efforts to 
reach out to them, we are happy to share that they have responded well. So, some of them are 
visiting our factories for audit and some of them are considering us for the RFQ for 2024, 
which is next year's business. 
So particularly from these companies, internationally, we have not got any volumes. We are 
supplying to them in the domestic factories. 
Sunil Chordia: 
 
We are there supply domestically. 
Yashovardhan Chordia: 
Yes, so we are supplying to them domestically in Thailand and also domestically in India.  
Radha:  
 
Okay. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja for the closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes, thank you all for attending this session. We especially thank to Rajratan team for their 
time. Sunil sir, would you like to make any closing comments? 
Sunil Chordia: 
Yes, so thank you for your questions and insight a lot of deep questions which put us under 
pressure. And thank you for keeping us under pressure. And I am very confident of improved 
performance in the next two quarters. So please keep connected. And anything else you need 
to check we can connect separately or our CFO can answer this. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines.  
