 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
1st and 2nd Floor, Cnergy IT Park, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. 
Regd. Office : ICICI PruLife Towers, 1089, Appasaheb Marathe Marg, Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025. India. Visit us at www.iciciprulife.com 
Phone: +91 22 5039 1600, Fax: +91 22 2422 4484, Email: corporate@iciciprulife.com 
CIN : L66010MH2000PLC127837 
 
October 23, 2023 
 
General Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Tower, 
Dalal Street, 
 
Mumbai 400 001 
Vice President 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject:  Earnings Call Transcript for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 
 
This is further to our letter dated October 6, 2023, and October 17, 2023. The Company 
had hosted an earnings conference call with investors and analyst on Tuesday, October 
17, 2023, to discuss the performance of the Company for H1 - FY2024. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for H1 - FY2024. The 
same is also made available on the website of the Company. 
 
Please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared during the 
meeting. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Sonali Chandak 
Company Secretary  
ACS 18108 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
SONALI 
NITIN 
CHANDAK
Digitally signed by SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=adeb78f6e93967a1a715210b47478ca97
9cb97bc1f9cd4522abe279db46240da, 
postalCode=400101, street=Mumbai, 
pseudonym=3fd752088c1fd9a176a8a069c256b
294, 
serialNumber=9130c95220b4b56e3bfed4d8009
82e8f97581715ab811366faa253a4697d7814, 
o=Personal, cn=SONALI NITIN CHANDAK 
Date: 2023.10.23 19:41:19 +05'30'

 
1 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company Limited 
Earnings conference call 
Half year ended September 30, 2023 (H1-FY2024) 
October 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
2 
 
Anup Bagchi – M.D. & CEO: 
Good evening and welcome to the Results Call of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance 
Company for the Half Year-ended September 30th, 2023. 
I have several of my senior colleagues with me on this call; Amit Palta, who heads 
Distribution, Brand Marketing and Products; Dhiren Salian, CFO; Judhajit Das who heads 
Human Resources, Customer Service and Operations; Deepak Kinger, who handles 
Audit, Legal Risk and Compliance; Manish Kumar – our Chief Investment Officer, Souvik 
Jash, Appointed Actuary; and Dhiraj Chugha, Chief Investor Relations Officer. 
Let me take you through some of the key developments during the quarter before moving 
on to discuss our strategy and performance: 
First Development: On the regulatory front, as a step towards moving to RBC regime, 
IRDAI has directed insurers to undertake a quantitative impact study to assess the 
impact of the proposed framework for quantification of capital and solvency 
requirements following a risk-based approach. Additionally, with the objective of 
aligning India with global accounting standards, the Regulator has notified the phased 
implementation of IFRS/IndAS in the insurance sector starting April 2025. 
Second development: A recent development in the fixed income market is the 
introduction of 50-year GSec in the H2-FY2024 borrowing calendar of the Government, 
a long-standing demand, particularly by life insurance companies. The introduction of 
these ultra-long-term bonds is a positive move for the entire industry. 
Third development: We had our 23rd AGM through the video conference on July 28, 2023. 
All the items specified in the notice of the AGMs were approved by the shareholders of 
the Company. 
I'm also pleased to inform you that the members of the Company have approved the item 
of special business pertaining to the appointment of Mr. Solmaz Altin as Non-Executive 
Director nominated by Prudential Corporation Holdings Limited w.e.f. August 22, 2023, 
in place of Mr. Benjamin Bulmer by way of an ordinary resolution through the postal 
ballot. 
Fourth development: I would also like to share that ICRA and CRISIL domestic rating 
agencies have reaffirmed the long-standing rating of our subordinated debt program as 
[ICRA] AAA (Stable) and CRISIL AAA/Stable respectively. The outlook on the long-term 
rating is given as stable by both these agencies. 
Lastly, I'm happy to share that our Company has received an award for the “Best 
Sustainability Report” from CMO Asia. Additionally, the Company has also been 
bestowed with the “Best Overall Sustainable Performance” and “Best Sustainability 
Report” at the 10th Edition of the National Awards for Excellence in CSR and 
Sustainability from World CSR Congress. 
I'm also pleased to inform you that MSCI, a leader in ESG research and index provider, 
has upgraded our ESG rating to AA, which places us as a ‘leader’ among life insurance 

 
3 
 
globally on ESG front. In fact, among all the listed insurance players, we have the highest 
ESG rating. FTSE Russell has also improved our ESG rating score, which is higher than 
the life insurance sector average. 
Lastly, Sustainalytics has retained our Company as low-risk status, ranking us among 
the best among all Indian insurers. These awards and rating upgrades are a testimony 
of our commitment to the ESG practices. 
I will now move on to discuss the key performance snapshot for H1-FY2024 presented 
on Slide #7: 
➢ Our VNB for H1-FY2024 stood at ₹10.15 billion with a margin of 28.8%. Our total 
APE is at ₹ 35.23 billion for H1-FY2024. Our market share based on RWRP has 
been increasing every month, growing from 5.2% in April 2023 to 6.3% in 
September 2023. 
➢ In Q2-FY2024, multi-partnership channels have delivered a strong year-on-year 
growth with partnership distribution growing by 25.1% and Banca (excluding 
ICICI Bank) growing by 13%. Direct Channel has delivered 19.3% and agency 
channel grew by 4.2% year-on year in Q2-FY2024. We have been investing in our 
agency channel over the past few quarters and we have started to see the benefit 
coming through in our monthly business performance where we have registered 
double digit year-on-year growth except for the month of September 2023. In 
Group business, credit life has continued to witness very strong growth in Q2-
FY2024 as well. 
➢ Group Term business growth has been challenged due to decrease in rates post 
COVID-19 and increased competitive pressures. We are among the largest 
players in this segment and understand it well and will underwrite business only 
if it matches our risk/reward expectations. 
➢ Our protection APE stood at ` 7.34 billion in H1-FY2024. The retail protection APE 
witnessed strong growth of 73.7% year-on-year to ` 2.38 billion in H1 2024. 
➢ Our persistency improved significantly across quarters; our 13th month 
persistency stood at 86.9% and 49th month persistency stood at 65.8%. Our cost-
to-TWRP for savings line of business stood at 17.2% in H1-FY2024. 
When we look at the H1-FY2024 performance, let me now talk about the strategy 
and framework adopted by the Company: 
With a customer at the heart of everything that we do, our 4P strategic elements 
comprising of premium growth, protection business growth, persistency improvement 
and productivity enhancement continue to play a crucial role in the growth of absolute 
VNB while we integrate ESG with business management. 
As detailed in Q1-FY2024 Earnings Call to drive our 4P Strategic Elements, we have a 
“4D Framework -Data Analytics, Diversified Proposition, Digitalization and Depth in 
Partnerships” with focus on quality business in a risk calibrated manner. 

 
4 
 
The framework has been presented on Slide #5. The “4D Framework” ensures that the 
products are aligned with the customer needs, are developed with the highest quality 
standards and are delivered through the most appropriate distribution channels. The aim 
is to provide simplified and hassle-free processes to our customers across the product 
life cycle. 
In line with our “4D Framework”, we have recently launched first-of-its-kind ICICI Pru 
Stack, a suite of platform capabilities encompassing digital tool and analytics to 
significantly enhance customers life and create a differentiated experience throughout 
their journey. The seven layers of ICICI Pru Stack have been presented on Slide #6, right 
from identifying target segments, crafting value propositions as per the customer needs, 
building capabilities through digital and physical modes to serve the proposition, 
integrating partner ecosystems and sales processes to deliver a frictionless experience, 
to provide best pre- and post-sale services, our capabilities allow us to deliver value 
across the customer lifecycle. 
Our intent is to be the most customer-friendly and partnerable insurance for our 
distributors. And we have anchored our outcome focused on growth, quality, productivity 
around the “4D Framework”. 
I would also like to talk about claim settlement, which is really the moment of truth for 
any insurance company. I'm pleased to inform you that ICICI Pru Life had a class leading 
claim settlement ratio of 97.9% in Q1-FY2024. This is a strong testimony to our customer-
first philosophy, which is engrained in the business practices that we follow at ICICI Pru 
Life. 
I would like to reiterate that the entire “4D Framework” has been put in place by keeping 
in mind our core objective to deliver quality business in a risk calibrated manner. 
Thank you. I'll now hand it over to Amit to take you through the updates on our “4D 
Framework” and our results on a 4P Strategic elements, after which Dhiren will take you 
through the financial highlights. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Palta, Head – (Distribution, Brand, Marketing and Products): 
Thank you, Anup. Good evening, everyone. As Anup highlighted, the strategic importance 
of a “4D Framework” in his opening remarks, let me highlight the key initiatives we are 
undertaking towards strengthening this framework. 
The first element is “Data Analytics”: 
Over the years, we have invested in data science, integrated insights from our own 
customer data with macroeconomic household data to develop deeper understanding of 
customers across live stage and income segments. The details of our extensive 
deployment of analytic capability across the customer lifecycles are set out in slides 30 
to 34. A specific example of how we use AI across policy live stages to manage 
persistency is presented on slide 34. This has helped us to increase persistency across all 
cohorts. 

 
5 
 
The second element, “Diversified Propositions”: 
The diversified propositions has been detailed from Slide #35 to #37. Our Company’s 
strategy has been centered on continuously expanding the product portfolio to suit the 
varied customer needs. This enables us to cater to a wide range of customers spread 
across income segments, age, affluence and other demographic aspects. Our endeavor 
to continuously innovate is exhibited through the three unique propositions launched in 
H1, namely, “ICICI Pru GIFT Pro, iShield and Protect and Gain.” 
On the fund side, we launched “Constant Maturity Fund” which was industry's first ULIP 
debt fund with constant maturity in H1-FY2024. The details of the same are presented 
in Slide 37. 
The third element, “Digitalization: 
Digitalization has been detailed from Slide #38 to #42, across the customer life cycle 
starting from policy purchase to claim settlement, digitalization has underpinned our 
journey. We have been working extensively to integrate our digital ecosystems with the 
central agencies to fetch KYC and income estimation details for customers smooth 
onboarding experience. In September 2023, around 80% of our policies have been issued 
using digital KYC. Further, ICICI Pru Stack has enabled the Company to issue 20% of the 
policies on the same day for the savings lines of business. Also, customers income 
estimation can now be completed through digital integration of various documents, such 
as through Perfios, GST, CAS, EPFO, VAHAN and Account Aggregator. 
The 4th element “Depth in Partnerships: 
Depth in partnerships is presented on slide 44. We are committed to building long-term 
relationships and we continue to invest across channels by building existing channels 
and adding more distribution partners. Through ICICI Pru Stack, we intend to become the 
most partnerable insurer and our partner integration team has the capability to onboard 
any new distribution partner in less than two weeks’ time. Our strategy in the agency 
channel is to leverage our strong relationship with agents and with their customers while 
we provide institutional support to agents in terms of data analytics and processes. We 
continue to build capacity by adding more than 18,000 agents during H1-FY2024 spread 
across geography. 
Within the bank and non-bank channel, we continue to add new partnerships and 
increase the share of shop in existing partnerships; we have 40 banks and more than 
1,000 non-bank partnerships with an addition of 105 non-bank and one bank partner 
during H1. We will continue to strengthen our distribution by onboarding additional 
partners and by investing in our own proprietary channels. 
Let me now talk about the “Business Performance Update through the elements of 
our 4P Strategy.” 
Starting with the “First P,” that is “Premium Growth” element which is mentioned from 
Slide #9 to #12: 

 
6 
 
As you can see on slide 10, our total APE for Q2-FY2024 stood at 20.62 billion and for 
H1-FY2024 it stood at 35.23 billion. 
Our retail business excluding ICICI Bank grew by 12.9% year-on-year in Q2-FY2024, 
giving us confidence that the business is on a growth trajectory. The headwinds we have 
faced in key distribution channels over the past few years have been carefully mitigated 
by the distribution diversification we undertook. We have no dependency on any single 
distributor, and we believe our diversified distribution mix will enable us to grow 
sustainably in the long term. 
While Anup spoke about the channel wise growth, let me focus on the agency channel. 
A few years back, the agency business mix was skewed towards ULIP products and thus 
the first step in this channel was about building capabilities to distribute multiple product 
categories to multiple customer segments. In the last 1.5-2 years we started building 
capacity in this channel by scaling up the frontline managers who manage advisors with 
them. Additionally, we are investing in demand generation tools to expand the agents’ 
natural market and our analytics backed digital product nudges are aligned to the right 
customer segments, which are the underlying segments served by our advisors. We 
continue to provide agents with institutional support, complemented by data analytics 
and digital capabilities to drive our business. Considering these investments being made, 
we expect the agency channel to contribute a larger proportion of the top line going 
forward. 
As you can see from Slide #11, our APE from savings business stood at 16.72 billion for 
Q2-FY2024. Linked saving products contributed 44.9%, non-linked savings products 
contributed 25.8%, protection products contributed 18.9%, annuity 6.1% and group 
savings contributed 4.3% of the overall APE. The non-linked APE mix has declined from 
28.8% in Q2 last year to 25.8% in Q2 current year, whereas linked APE mix has increased 
from 41.1% in Q2 last year to 44.9% in Q2 this year. One of the reasons for the shift in a 
mix is a significant proportion of more than ` 5 lakh ticket size, non-par business shifting 
to linked and part guarantee products, and this trend has been increasing month-on-
month in Q2-FY2024. 
The annuity business has declined by 6.7% year-on-year in Q2-FY2024, primarily on 
account of customer preference shifting to fixed deposits over single premium annuity 
products in Bancassurance channel given the attractive FD rates offered by banks. The 
decline in the single premium category has been mitigated to a large extent by the strong 
growth that we saw in regular premium annuity products during the year. We are well 
diversified in terms of distribution mix and product mix, which allows us to manage the 
impact of the external environment and respond swiftly to shifting consumer preference. 
Another important focus area for us is to serve the life protection needs of the customer. 
On this aspect let me talk about the “Second P” which is “Protection Growth” on Slide 
#14: 
With an APE of ₹ 7.34 billion, the overall protection segment saw a year-on-year growth 
of 3.4%, leading to an APE mix of 20.8% in H1-FY2024. Retail protection business, which 
had seen supply side constraints in the post COVID-19 era, has come back on track. The 

 
7 
 
retail protection business has registered a strong year-on-year growth of 73.7% to ₹ 2.38 
billion for H1-FY2024. 
Our total new business sum assured stood at ₹ 4.9 trillion for H1-FY2024 and our total 
sum assured stood at ₹ 31.67 trillion as on September 30th, 2023. We believe given the 
current levels of under penetration, retail protection business growth is a multi-decadal 
opportunity, while credit life and Group Term business also offer significant opportunities 
as we witness growth in credit and the economy. 
Coming to our “Third P” which is “Persistency Improvement” is presented on Slide #16: 
We believe persistency is the most effective indicator of the quality of sales and is the 
barometer of customer experience. This is reflected in the significant improvement in 
persistency ratios across cohorts. Our 13th month persistency ratio improved by 100 basis 
points to 86.9% and our 49th month persistency ratio improved by 220 basis points to 
65.8% for five months 2024. 
Now, moving on to the “Fourth P” “Productivity Enhancement” presented on Slide #18: 
Our total expenses grew by 27% year-on-year for H1-FY2024. This increase in new 
business commission is attributed to the redesign of our commission structure pursuant 
to the flexibility provided in IRDA Regulations 2023 issued on March 31st, 2023. The 
operating expenses increase is primarily on account of continued investment in capacity 
creation to support future growth. 
Our overall cost-to-TWRP ratio stood at 26.2% and savings lines of business cost-to-
TWRP ratio stood at 17.2% for H1-FY2024. We monitor cost ratios for the savings line 
of business separately. Our objective is to bring in efficiency in the savings lines of 
business while we continue to focus on growth in the protection business. 
Our 4P strategy together with our “4D Framework” has been put in place by keeping in 
mind our core objectives of increasing the absolute VNB while delivering value to our 
customers. I will now hand it over to Dhiren to talk to you through the outcome of 4P 
Strategy and the Financial Update for H1. Over to you, Dhiren. 
Dhiren Salian - Chief Financial Officer: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening. We regularly monitor our experience in respect of 
various risks and the diligent and prudent risk management framework we operate on is 
reflected in our strong and resilient balance sheet as presented in slide 19. Our mortality 
experience is within our expectation. 
On the asset quality 96.4% of our fixed income portfolio was invested in fixed income 
instruments that are rated sovereign or AAA and we continue to maintain a track record 
of not having a single NPA since inception. Of our liability profile, 73.8% of liabilities 
largely passed on market performance to customers. 
We use derivatives to hedge interest rate risks in our non-participating guaranteed 
savings and annuities portfolio. We continue to closely monitor our liquidity and ALM 

 
8 
 
positions and we have no issues to report. As a result of our 4P strategy, the VNB for H1-
FY2024 was ₹ 10.15 billion. Given our APE of ₹ 35.23 billion, resultant VNB margin was 
28.8% for H1-FY2024. The shift in VNB margin is primarily on account of the shift in the 
underlying product mix towards unit-linked and the decline in the non-participating 
business. 
Coming to the financial update: 
➢ Our Profit After Tax grew by 27% year-on-year from ₹ 3.55 billion in H1-FY2023 
to ₹ 4.51 billion in H1-FY2024. 
➢ As presented on Slide #22, the adjusted net worth grew by 21.8% year-on-year 
to ₹ 95.66 billion and the Value of Inforce business grew by 16.8% year-on-year 
and stood at ₹ 289.63 billion on September 30, 2023. 
➢ With this, our Embedded Value grew by 18% year-on-year and stood at ₹ 385.29 
billion at September 30th, 2023. 
➢ Assets under management stood at ₹ 2.7 trillion and our solvency ratio continues 
to be strong at 199.4% at the end of this quarter. 
To summarize: 
Our financial strength coupled with our diversified product, distribution, and customer 
mix makes us resilient and allows us to take advantage of new opportunities in a fast-
changing business environment. We will continue to make progress against the 4P 
strategy through our “4D Framework”. We expect that our performance in these aspects 
will translate into an objective to grow absolute VNB without compromising on our risk 
management approach. 
Thank you and we are now happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: A couple of questions. First one is on your shareholders account. If I see 
for the quarter close to ₹ 420, 425 crores of investment income and for the first half is 
more than ₹750 crores. I mean annualized yield of close to 15%-odd on shareholder 
investment. So, I mean why such high kind of probably investment gain booking, what is 
driving this, is it coming from some equity or fixed income and why sort of the trend is 
very unusual when you park? Second one on the margin profile, I do acknowledge that 
there is shift from I mean towards ULIP and probably within non-ULIP maybe some kind 
of a lowering of non-par guarantee towards par. But at the same time if I see the most 
profitable retail or protection has gained for the first half YoY, it has gained material 
share there, so somewhat, it should have sort of offset. Is it also the margin also a fact 
of your cost because the growth is not coming, but if you look at the commissions and 
OPEX also both sort of gone up, is it also coming because of the kind of an issue with 
cost absorption? And as far as OPEX is concerned, you kept saying the capacity building 
for future growth, but that is what, I mean, we have done for last few years that we have 
been creating capacity to grow, but the growth has not been coming. So, I mean what 

 
9 
 
are the areas where still we need to sort of expand to our capacity building because the 
growth has been slower? 
Dhiren Salian: Thanks, Avinash. So, on your first question of shareholder, yes, we've 
been able to use the markets to be able to realize some yields. The holding in the 
shareholder fund is not typically in line with what we hold for the policyholder portfolio, 
and so in this period we saw an opportunity to book some gains. That explains the 
heightened outcome of that line that we have. With respect to the margin question that 
you have, there has been a shift of the underlying product mix. Unit-linked has grown. 
Within the non-linked portfolio there has been mix between non-par going towards par, 
that has had a part to play. You also have noted that on the annuity portfolio, annuity 
has declined. We spoke about the fact that there's been a shift away from single 
premium to regular pre-annuities. But by and large, the overall annuity book also has 
declined. All of which has led to the shift in the product mix, which has resulted in this 
margin. We rightly continue to invest in capacity building and that capacity building 
outcome is quite visible when you look at the growth in business. Net of ICICI Bank, 
especially on the retail side, we saw that 13% growth. That clearly is an outcome of all 
the efforts that we've been making in stepping up our capacity and building out our 
distribution there. We will continue on this path because it's quite clear that we want to 
our distribution to be quite diversified and not concentrated. To that extent, some of the 
newer channels that we have added, the newer distribution partners that we added, we 
continue to invest in those and build out the channel there. 
Avinash Singh: If you can just help me that your ex-ICICI Bank APE of ₹ 5.2 billion for the 
first half, what would be the contribution for say the top three in that? 
Dhiren Salian: So by and large across our entire APE, we really don't have channels that 
contribute beyond 5% if I take out ICICI Bank from a Banca perspective or I take out 
agency. No single distributor typically contributes more than the 5%, 6% range. This 
would be the largest distributor outside of ICICI Bank. If you look at the distribution, we 
set out in slide #10, the mix is fairly clear; you've got agency at 25% for H1, you've got 
direct at about 14%, Banca net of ICICI Bank is at 15%, partnership distribution at 14%. 
So, if you look at this is fairly well diversified. We don't have large partnerships in the 
Banca space. 
Avinash Singh: Yes, yes, I just gather that, within that 14.8%, if at all there is some kind 
of an indication around top three you will have, you have a pretty deep Banca 
partnership, but the banks are of different sizes and scale. So that's why – 
Dhiren Salian: You would also note that we've got close to 40 banks that still gives us a 
quite large enough spread. 
Amit Palta: Avinash, if I could just add here, the protection impact you spoke about while 
there is a very decent 70%-plus growth on retail protection, but in absolutes, if you see, 
of the overall ₹ 35 billion in H1 APE that we have, in absolutes, it still remains ₹ 2.38 
billion, which is a very small percentage, so a very high margin on a low absolutes will 
have its reservation about compensating for a big shift that you may have on savings 
business. So that is just one point that I wanted to add and leave it there. 

 
10 
 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: I have two, three questions. So, I'll start first on the channel side. 
If you could explain, say the difference in how growth is panning out across different 
channels, say for example in direct what we are selling, which has resulted in such strong 
growth in the last couple of quarters with the base effect or is that we are cross selling 
more ULIPs which is resulting in that vis-à-vis that agency growth is yet to pick up 
despite the investments we are putting in that channel? And on the partnership 
distribution side, what I am seeing is sustained growth momentum. So, is it coming from 
adding new partners or is its organic growth that is happening, if you could give some 
color on these individual channels, what is driving these different growth trajectories, 
that is on the channel side? On the product side, if you could give us some color on how 
the non-par margin has been vis-à-vis what it was last year given the shape of the yield 
curve and the availability of the hedging instruments that were there? And the fact that 
you have mentioned that there has been a shift in the non-linked portfolio from non-par 
to par, I was just wondering, we have launched a new product that is the GIFT Pro 
product, how is the pickup in that and whether it is compensating for some amount of 
this move? These are the two questions on channels and products. And thirdly, a 
bookkeeping question, if you could call out the impact of economic variance for the first 
half? 
Amit Palta: So, on channel front, let me just take the question. So, you spoke about the 
fabric of our performance across channels. So first of all, let me just share with you. On 
proprietary business that comprises our agency and direct, constitutes close to 50%, 51% 
of our overall retail business. And on this direct business, which is showing a growth of 
20%-odd for Q2 and almost 23% for entire H1, is largely led by the upselling efforts that 
we make continually on our existing base. This is one channel which has really invested 
a lot on digital platform over a period of time and is one of the largest upsell channels in 
the industry. And this is not something which has happened now, but yes, the market 
sentiment, the buoyancy that happened on unit-link has contributed to growth coming 
from unit-linked business across channels and direct channel was no different. But, also 
this channel is really backed with a lot of analytics on the next best product that can be 
positioned to our existing clients and is approached very systematically through our 
distribution team to offer most appropriate wealth solutions to our existing customers 
because of the changing life stage that we experience with our existing customers based 
on data that we have. One part of our direct business also is what we do through the 
traffic that we have of our customers on our website. So, there is a lot of effort that has 
been taken in improving customer experience and also navigating and recalibrating our 
customer journeys based on insights that we pick up on our online channels. So, that is 
also something which in line with the overall ecosystem support that we have on retail 
protection has contributed to the overall growth in direct business. In partnership 
distribution, which is a combination of very, very diverse kind of partners on corporate 
agency and brokers, has an overall net impact which is positive. The overall business in 
this segment we have experienced has not grown at the partner level, but by virtue of 
our focus individually with our partners, and by institutionalizing ICICI Pru Stack, which 
is a seven-layer support program that we have for our diverse partnerships, we have 
been able to work towards increasing our share over a period of last six months. And 
that increase in share has led to what you see here as a growth of 17.9% in partnership 

 
11 
 
distribution. Coming to agency, yes, growth relatively is muted at 4%, but this is largely 
on account of what we saw in the month of September. If we were to look at 
performances right across May to August, we were seeing a good consolidated 15% to 
20% kind of growth month-on-month. However, September, we do understand that this 
was one area that we could have done better. However, we are applying our analytics 
to see deep cohorts of our advisor segments where we can improve our performance 
going forward. But net-net, most of our diversified channels actually are on growth path. 
That is the message that I wanted to give. Even Bancassurance partnerships, other than 
corporate agency and broker, other than partnership distribution, right across, while the 
overall pie may have been constrained because of more than ₹ 5 Lakh ticket sizes coming 
down drastically in the industry, but by virtue of increasing share in many of our 
bancassurance partnerships, we have been able to see a growth which is close to around 
13% in Q2 and close to around 7% in H1. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: Just a follow up on the partnership distribution, what I 
understand is that you are saying that it is basically a function of increasing counter 
share and not like any kind of additional inorganic growth that is coming through new 
partner additions which maybe we have done over the last six months which is now kind 
of becoming more productive.  
Amit Palta: We continue to add 70 to 80 partners almost every year. This year in fact 
we have added hundred-odd partners. But as you know there is always a gestation of 
new partners from getting onboarded and getting to start business. So, it is very difficult 
to figure out and single out only those 100 additions as to how much they have 
contributed. It happens over a period of time. So, what you added last year has 
contributed to business this year and what you probably added two years back has 
contributed relatively in a higher proportion. So, if you ask me, is it because of new 
partners added this year, which has contributed to growth, answer is at this point in time, 
no, but it will pan out over a period of time. 
Dhiren Salian: On your question on margins, through this year, we have not seen any 
movement on margins on the non-par portfolio. So that continues the way it is. With 
respect to your question on economic variances, we have not broken the EV walk at half 
year. We will do that at the full year. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: Can you give some colour whether it is a positive or a negative? 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, it's quite positive given the way the markets have moved. 
Swarnabh Mukherjee: How is the pickup on the GIFT Pro product, how should we think 
about this mix between par and non-par moving going ahead with new product 
launches? 
Amit Palta: See, what we observed going into Q2 and while exiting H1 is that large 
proportion of guaranteed products have started gravitating towards part guarantee 
which has potentially higher upside if we were to deliver a good investment management 
performance on the participating products and on unit-linked products. So, what we 
have seen is that high mix of non-participating has moved some part into part guarantee 
as well as some part in unit-linked products. So, to that extent within non-participating 

 
12 
 
product, there's GIFT Pro was an addition which recognizes the fact that customer is not 
probably looking only at IRR end of the day, but it also appreciates the features and 
benefits that we offer to our customers. So, GIFT Pro is unique, in the sense that beyond 
IRR, it offers specific proposition to the customer which addresses the specific need of 
inflation adjusted income over a long period of time. That is something that we have seen 
as really a success. Of the 14% of non-participating business that we deliver as a 
Company, almost 22% of this was GIFT Pro in month one of launch and today it is close 
to around 40% of our overall non-participating business. So, we have seen this 
gravitating towards benefit rich products and not really customer yielding IRR-linked 
products. So, that is something that we have seen as a trend. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: I have two questions, Sir, first is on the Group Protection side. You spoke 
about how the GTI, specifically within Group Protection has seen challenges. Can you 
help us understand, given that GTI is like 50% of the entire protection which is about 20% 
of your APE, whether this is an incremental drag on our APE target that we've been 
speaking about that we will be able to deliver industry level growth in the second-half, 
will this be a negative or will this be a drag? My second question is on the performance 
in the month of September. While I understand that you guys are trying to understand 
the performance of agency channel better in September, but can you give us some colour 
on whether this could be because of higher drag from high ticket policies, some of your 
peers have spoken about certain channels seeing more drag from high ticket policies, 
etc., if you can give us some colour on how much drag you guys are seeing on high ticket 
policies and which are the channels which are getting more impacted and could that be 
one of the reasons why September was weaker? 
Amit Palta: To address this question on Group Protection, first of all, if I were to look at 
overall protection, you can broadly say the way contribution is, you can assume that one-
third of it is retail protection, one-third of it is what you do on Group Protection on credit 
life platform, and one-third is what Group Term for us is. So, when it comes to retail 
protection, we've already articulated; it is close to around 74% growth for us. Credit life 
growth also is well ahead of the overall credit growth in the economy. That is largely on 
account of partners that we are adding over a period of last few months and the effort 
to increase line of businesses within our existing partners and also working on increasing 
attachment. So, credit life growth is part of Group Protection. So, to that extent, it is well 
on course. Coming to Group Term, we articulated that separately Group Term as you 
know for the large period during COVID and immediately after COVID, there was a time 
when ICICI Prudential was virtually present with a proposition to our clients for that 
period and we were one of the very few insurers who were quite prominent in our offering 
to our corporate customers. To that extent, we obviously had a very large base up for 
renewal and hence what we have seen after the COVID experience turned out to be much 
better than what we had anticipated, the pricing went through a big correction 
subsequent to the experience turning out to be favourable. So, it is good for the 
customers, good for corporates, but eventually it was not very good for APE. So, if I were 
to share with you in terms of number of schemes and number of deals that we have 
closed as fresh/new customers, actually, there is a growth of almost 38% on the number 
of deals that we closed last year H1 against what we did this year. But, however the deal 

 
13 
 
size in comparison to what was last year has actually come down significantly by almost 
40% to 50%, which has led to overall APE looking suppressed. So, we don't want to lose 
our sleep on this because this is an impact of a better experience leading to a better 
proposition for the customer. In the interim during the cusp period, we may have a little 
bit of a stress on overall APE, but that's fine, that's how it turns out. So, we would not 
have kept the price at a higher level than the experience turned out to be favorable. So 
that is the color on Group Term. We are as much present in Group Term like the way it 
was earlier. And we are one of the largest players in this segment and understand it very 
well and we will underwrite this business only if it matches our risk/reward expectations, 
that is something that we are very, very clear about. So, even the cases which are coming 
up for renewal, they're coming up for renewal at a much lower price now. We are happy 
to offer it to our corporate clients as long as it is making sense both from risk as well as 
profitability perspective. 
Dhiren Salian: On your question on September performance, while yes, on a YoY 
perspective it seems low. But if I look at it sequentially, I think we're quite at divergence 
to the market; we've actually grown quite well compared to some of our larger peers and 
actually had positive growth, which is not what most of the other companies have been 
at. So, it's a little mixed bag when you look at September, but by and large, I think our 
clear focus is that we continue to work at it granularly and keep growing this business 
from month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. In fact, our market share has been 
continuously increasing; it was actually 6.3% for the month of September on RWRP 
basis, higher than what it did in the previous period. 
Shreya Shivani: Just coming back to the last question that I had asked, so our guidance 
on APE growth in second half at industry level that gets challenged, right, because of 
Group Protection, that thesis is correct or am I reading it wrong? 
Dhiren Salian: We have not given guidance on APE growth. I think what we have 
mentioned in our previous calls is that from a phase wise perspective, step one would be 
to move the total APE growth in line with the market. We've not given a timeline to that. 
We want to get to that as soon as possible. And once we get there, step two would be 
to create an alpha over that. That's the trajectory that we want, but I'm not able to give 
you a timeline when we'll get there, but we've been working hard at getting to these 
objectives, get to the phase-one first and then to phase-two. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: I have three questions. The first one is we have a thousand partners 
now on the partnership distribution channel. So just wanted to understand the partners 
of scale are there, still which you could add, then continue growing this channel. The next 
question that I had was on product innovation. In the first half we did not see a lot of 
new products. So, going forward and on the second half, do we expect to see more 
product launches happening and which segments would those product launches be 
targeting? And lastly, recently there was an article in the press talking about capping 
commissions for credit life policies at 30%. Just wanted to understand your views about 
what kind of discussions are you having with your partners on the commission structure 
post this new guideline which has been applicable from 1st April? 

 
14 
 
Amit Palta: Let me start with your question on partnership distribution with the 1,000-
odd partners. See, first of all, let me confess here, the natural advantage that we have 
with our partnership distribution is the diversity of partners that we have. So, we have 
partners of very, very different, diverse types, someone who's cross selling to a captive 
customer base/ multiple financial products/ large partners, that is one cohort. Then there 
is a cohort, which is essentially working on a POS model, looking at secondary 
distribution to reach out simpler propositions to their customers coupled with some of 
the other general insurance products that they are selling. Then there are partners which 
are largely equity and mutual fund distributors, who are also looking at life insurance as 
an upsell product. So what happens is this diversity allows us to play out in varying or a 
dynamic economic environment. So at any point in time, any environment favoring any 
specific type of distributor helps us being at a natural advantage to take benefit of the 
positive tailwind there. And at the same time, we may have a disadvantage depending 
upon the kind of environment which may be impacting certain kind. Good part is that we 
have been net positive because there are some category of partners doing better in the 
given environment while some other partners are getting impacted. But net positive is 
what we continuously keep working upon. If the environment favours, we get positive 
and if not, then we work towards working deeper with our partners through our ICICI Pru 
Stack, work on seven layers of development and work on increasing share. If the overall 
environment constrains growth, then we look at increasing share to keep ourselves on a 
growth path. So, that is how the partnership distribution outlook is and that is what has 
kept us with the sustained growth over the period of last four to five years. If you were 
to trace back the performance of partnership distribution, this is one channel which has 
consistently grown at 25%-plus over a period of the last four to five years just because 
of the kind of diversity that we have in our partnerships. 
Dhiren Salian: Your question on product innovation. I think we've got this detailed out 
on Slide 37 as well. If I could just take a minute to refer back to slide 36, what you can 
see very clearly is that we've got products for every lifestage across each of those 
opportunity segments. And the objective is to deliver value proposition to all of our 
customer pools. But specifically, if you look at innovation, there are four items that we 
have called out. One, of course, is the GIFT Pro that that was launched this year. iShield 
is another product that we have launched. Protect N Gain is the third product that we 
launched, and in fact we've got a new fund in the form of a Constant Maturity Fund that 
was launched during the year as well. So, if you want to look at innovation, I think you've 
got enough examples of innovation on the product side that we've been able to 
demonstrate. 
Supratim Datta: I was more interested in what is going to come in the second half. If you 
could give some colour on that? 
Amit Palta: That is competitive information. I can't divulge it. So, of course we are at it, 
we keep picking customer insights and there is always something which is WIP and 
we're working on it. So, we'll let you know as soon as we launch those products. 
Dhiren Salian: On your other question on credit life, the way we're looking at 
commissions, of course, with the relaxation in commission levels that have been enabled 
by regulation, we'll keep working with our distributor to see what is the appropriate and 
sustainable level of commission through the year. That’s what we had to add to this. 

 
15 
 
Supratim Datta: Just one follow up. So, are you seeing pressure from distribution 
partners for higher commissions or is it still at a negotiation stage? 
Dhiren Salian: This will always be in WIP stage, but you’ve seen some evidence of 
increased commissions across all lines of business. It's not unique to us, it's across the 
industry as well. So yes, after the relaxation in commission levels, commission rates have 
gone up. Have they settled to a final equilibrium? I think not, it's still a bit of a flux at this 
point. 
Moderator: The next question is from the line of Raj Saya from Agam Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Raj Saya: I just wanted to know your strategy in terms of Tier-2 and Tier-3 distribution 
and business contribution. Where do you stand currently and what's the strategy 
because this is the competitors stress on this asset, so just wanted to know? 
Amit Palta: Tier-2, Tier-3 strategy actually dovetails into our multi-distribution structure. 
As you know, if you were to look at the texture of our distribution, they have very good 
presence right across the geographies across the country. When we look at our product 
structures, we look at affluence, we look at life stage, we look at geographies, and we 
keep turning out products which are most appropriate for the distribution channels who 
are present in those geographies. So, to that extent through our distribution partners, we 
believe that we are fairly representing Tier-2, Tier-3 markets today through small finance 
banks, small banks, new age banks, existing large banks. Even to that extent of large 
banks like ICICI also have almost 40% to 45% of the distribution in rural. So, to that 
extent, our presence in Tier-2, Tier-3 market has been there. If you were to look at agency 
which is the most micro and diverse distribution structure that we have, a one-third of 
our distribution in agency actually is in Tier-3, one-third of our distribution is in Tier-2, 
and one-third of the distribution is top cities. So, to that extent, I think we are fairly well 
represented when it comes to Tier-2 and Tier-3. 
Raj Saya: Thank you. Another thing on annuity, just wanted to know, do you divulge 
information on the split between corporate and retail annuity and what coming from NPS 
at this stage? 
Dhiren Salian: Raj, no, we've not broken that split out.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from 
Nuvama Wealth Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: First on the GTI bit again, you mentioned that one-third is, so the total 
protection, one-third is from GTI, one-third is Credit Protection, and then one-third is a 
Retail Protection. For what period is this? Is this for FY ’23? Or is it for the first half of FY 
’24? I understand that these are rough numbers. And given the pressures that we are 
seeing in GTI in terms of pricing, how much do we really see this business to grow this 
year, if you could help us just get a sense of what sort of growth we could get here? And 
given the pressure in pricing, are we seeing also margins come off substantially over here 
is another question that comes to my mind.  

 
16 
 
And frankly, I also know that VNB development of the business that we had written 
earlier, are we seeing any negative variances due to this pricing pressure currently in this 
business? Are we seeing any negative operating variants over here? So, on the GTI, these 
are some of the questions and you mentioned that on the more than 5 lakh rupees ticket 
size, there is certain movement towards ULIP and then you also mentioned another 
category. Can you just explain that? And finally, if you could quantify how much is the 
more than 5 lakh ticket size in the first half versus second half of last year and how much 
have we done in the current year, that would also be helpful. 
Dhiren Salian: So, at one level, the first question that you had is what is the period - 
broadly for this current year, it is one-third, one-third, one-third. Your second question on 
GTI and the outlook on growth. I think we called this out earlier as well. Given the set of 
challenges in the market, given the increased competition, we are not looking at a growth 
out of this particular line of business and we continue to seek to defend whatever 
business that we have and ensure that we deliver adequate profitability out of that 
business. That's something that we kept very clear.  
As we have pointed out earlier also, we are one of the largest in this group term space 
and quite clearly, we understand the texture of the customer that we have onboarded. 
We understand mortality and we will take on business only if it meets the risk-reward 
framework that we set out. By and large, I think margins on this continue to be stable. 
There are, of course, calls that we take when we look at where the business is at, but 
we're quite clear that we wouldn't want to write negative margin business there.  
In terms of where this stacks-up therefore as variance, clearly, there's one element of 
business which was written during the COVID period and in the latter half of the COVID 
period whose renewals at this point are obviously netted off for all the COVID loading. 
So, that clear has a variance element when we look at the EV walk. Beyond which we 
are not really seeing any drop in mortality outside of that. You asked a question around 
the ` 5 lakh. 
Madhukar Ladha: Just one thing Dhiren, can you give me the GTI number for FY2023? 
Dhiren Salian: GTI numbers for FY ’23 is slightly higher than this broad split that we had 
given out. What Amit was also referring to earlier when he spoke of the more than ` 5 
lakh ticket size migration, one level of migration was towards unit-linked plans. The 
second migration is towards participating plans. I think that was your question that you 
had asked.  
Madhukar Ladha: Yes. And if you could give us some sense on what is the split between 
first half and second half of last year and how much are we doing in more than ` 5 lakh 
rupees ticket size in the first half of this year? 
Dhiren Salian: Yes, Madhukar, we haven’t called that split out, but I think the way we 
look at it, we do understand where the segments are at and what are the relative 
advantages of each of the proposition that we have got for below ` 5 lakhs and more 
than ` 5 lakhs and we continue to build out those propositions through a variety of our 
new product launches for them. Let us see how that particular segment emerges through 
the year, but I think we are fairly clear that irrespective of whether it be a more than or 

 
17 
 
less than ` 5 lakhs, the objective is to be able to build on growth and broad base our 
customer segments. So, we continue to work on that line. 
Amit Palta: See, Madhukar, this H1, Amit this side, H1 has been a story of two halves. 
Okay, the first half was impacted because of the preponement of demand that happened 
on large value cases in the month of March for obvious reasons and the second impact 
was the fact that another story of wealth preservation around debt products on mutual 
fund went through a change starting quarter one.  
So, if you ask me that was the reason why quarter one impact was quite obvious and 
was visible. Eventually for relatively lesser number of choices available on investments, 
part guarantee and unit-linked products is where the acceptance started growing while 
the markets were doing well as well as part guarantee, as you know, since it's also a 
function of how well you manage your funds and potential returns would be actually 
higher than what you one can offer on Guarantee Platform. The preference started 
moving towards part guarantee products, preference started moving towards unit 
linked.  
If you ask me as recent as last month, we have started seeing that more than ` 5 lakh 
cases more or less is quite similar to what it was last year. The only thing is it was all 
skewed towards one category of products last year. Now it is split between participating 
products, unit-linked products and also some element of it still continues to happen on 
guaranteed products. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from 
Kotak Securities Limited. Please go ahead.  
Nischint Chawathe: Just one or two points. Any sense that you could give in terms of the 
business trajectory at ICICI Bank? And how do you see the second half playing out here? 
Amit Palta: Amit this side once again. So, ICICI Bank as they have articulated their 
priority on focusing on protection and annuity range of business, on protection ICICI is 
showing a growth of close to around 45% over last year for the first half. So, to that 
extent, in alignment with what they have stated as their preferred approach, we are 
seeing a growth on that side. 
On relative degrowth month-on-month we are seeing on the overall APE coming down, 
so what it was close to around 35% degrowth in quarter 1 came down to 15% degrowth 
in Quarter 2. We will have a base effect playing out in Quarter 3. We will see how it goes. 
Nischint Chawathe: And if I look at the overall VNB growth for the Company, I guess, 
obviously, we discussed the challenges in the first quarter or for the quarter in the first 
half. In the third quarter when I really look at the margin base for nine months, I think it's 
still kind of a slightly demanding base. So, in the backdrop of that, how do we really look 
at VNB growth for the year? I know you have a sort of a plan for doubling VNB in a four-
year period but how do you really look at this year?  
Dhiren Salian: So, Nischint, we don't, we haven't put out a plan of doubling VNB. I think 
we are fairly clear that we want to build on absolute VNB as we go through this 

 
18 
 
particular period. Yes, VNB growth has been challenged for the first half. It is down. But 
as we look at the base into Quarter 3 and into early part of Quarter 4, I think the APE 
bases are a little more benign and we would want to build upon those APE bases into 
the coming year. Quite clearly, what we have also spoken of is that VNB development 
would be largely driven by APE development with some movement at the margin based 
on the product mix. So, our key focus is to continue to deliver on growth and as Amit 
pointed out earlier also with some of our channels, we should start to see a more benign 
base going forward.  
Amit Palta: See, Nischint, also let me give you a context. If you were to look at overall 
distribution composition of ours, while all other businesses, whether it is partnership 
distribution, our direct business, our Bancassurance business other than ICICI, they seem 
to be on growth path and the large path part of investment that we have done over a 
period of last year and a half or so is about creating enablement for our new 
partnerships, one, and two, about scaling up agency. And as you know, that agency scale 
up is a little longer and has a gestation period which we need to be patient and watch 
out for. Close to 4,200 odd frontline managers that we have who manage close to 
200,000 agents, we still believe is a smaller number and this is one area which has 
reached to this level only after having hired people over a period of last year and a half 
or so.  
Our experience, our analytics says that it takes almost 18 to 24 months for a frontline 
manager to start hiring, build capability with advisers, understand customer segments 
being served by advisers, understand their natural markets, build capability on demand 
generation and eventually start turning out productivity. So, our singular focus at this 
point in time without diluting it with any margin pressure at this point in time is to get 
our capacity to start turning productive and that is where agency and our new 
partnership enablement will take primacy over anything else at this point in time.  
Nischint Chawathe: On the partnership side and as well as on the agency side, in terms 
of product profile, I believe the initial thought was that you probably focus more on 
traditional products through these channels, but is there a change in the strategy? And 
are you kind of also kind of looking at doing ULIPs through these channels? 
Amit Palta: No, let me clarify, Nischint, we don't have a product to channel strategy just 
by based on what we want. Actually, we allow our partners to choose based on the kind 
of customer segments that they have. So, we have not mandated our agency channel to 
sell only traditional and not ULIP because ULIP is low margin for us. It depends on the 
customer segment they are serving. So, the approach that we have is simple. We decide 
on what customer segments we believe are priority segments, are the growth segments 
for us, where the quantum is, and then we identify which kind of distribution channel has 
the ability to take the right product and reach out to that customer segment. 
Now, if somebody has access to an affluent customer and if I control him and not get him 
to offer unit-linked products, it will be completely against the customer philosophy. So, 
there is no channel which is mandated to follow any product strategy specific to 
traditional or non-linked savings or protection.  

 
19 
 
Dhiren Salian: So, Nischint, as Amit also explained earlier when we had a question on 
partnership distribution, he explained about the various types of partners that we have 
as part of this pool and you would have understood that there are different strategies 
that would follow for each and every one of these segments. So, an equity broker 
segment, for instance, would have a slightly different approach than a more traditional 
broker that we have. So, clearly, the idea is to be able to marry the product with the 
customer segment and the distribution and create that product market fit that's 
appropriate for that particular segment there.  
Amit Palta: Actually, it is reflective of the fact that different distribution partners and 
within distribution partners, different cohorts and geographies and channels within 
channels actually have very, very different product mix, and in fact none of the 
distribution partners have a product mix which is similar to what ICICI Prudential’s 
overall product mix is. So the colour of product mix is drawn from the customer segments 
of our partners.  
Moderator: Thank you very much. We will take the next question from the line of Nidhesh 
from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh: The retail protection growth has been reasonably strong. So, can you speak 
about what is driving back? You mentioned that ICICI Bank growth is around 25%, which 
means that non-ICICI Bank protection, retail protection growth maybe upwards of 100%, 
and what is driving that in sustainability of that? And also post-COVID, we have changed 
the reinsurance strategy where we were retaining up to 1 crore of risk on our balance 
sheet. Has there been any change in that strategy now?  
Dhiren Salian: So, Nidhesh, let me take the second one first. No, we have not made a 
change in our reinsurance strategy post what we discussed last. We continue to monitor 
the experience and it's all within our expectation at this point. Growth within retail 
protection across channels has been quite strong. Overall, as you saw, for the period was 
about 84% for Quarter 2. Of course, this is on the fact that last year's base was quite 
benign. As we go through into the coming quarters, specifically when you get to Quarter 
4 onwards, this should start to normalize back to more lower levels, but we will continue 
to record growth across channels and keep it broad-based through the period.  
Nidhesh: So, is there any specific channel which has shown such high growth? Is it an 
online channel etc., if you can give some color on that?  
Dhiren Salian: Yes, so some of our online channels have done quite well, but we are 
seeing strong momentum across all our offline channels as well.  
Nidhesh: And just one follow-up is on the product level margins. How are the trends on 
product level margins on a Y-o-Y basis? 
Dhiren Salian: So, the shift that you saw in the overall margin has been obviously 
because of the product mix. That’s been the large contributor towards movement in the 
margin. By and large, at a segment level, we have not seen too much of a change. 

 
20 
 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Khanjode from Aditya 
Birla Sun Life. Please go ahead.  
Vivek Khanjode: So, I wanted to know, you discussed about group term and group credit 
life. I wanted to know what is the growth story on the group funds for H1-FY’23 versus 
H1-FY24? 
Amit Palta: Group fund for us is flattish, but we are fairly confident because these are 
lumpy businesses. We have done close to what, 550 odd deals have contributed to our 
group fund business this year and a few large deals have got deferred and we are not 
losing our sleep there at all, because we are quite confident of what we have put as a 
plan for group fund business, it will pan out eventually in the remaining six months. So, 
the number of deals, number of customers that we are engaging in is almost showing a 
25% growth over the number of customers that we got our group fund participation last 
year. So, to that extent, our distribution has been fairly strong, very vintage and not just 
in group fund but even on group term, we are fairly present right across and our 
participation is among the highest when it comes to group fund and group term 
opportunity across the corporate sector.  
Vivek Khanjode: Also and on the annuity front group, annuity front, so the pressure from 
the fixed deposit, do you have growth on the group annuity funds from H1-FY2023 
versus H1-FY2024? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Vivek, this would all be part of the single premium annuity pool. Quite 
clearly, as we called out, a lot of folks are looking to defer single premium annuity given 
that bank FD rates are quite high at this point and competing rates at this point. 
However, we are seeing good growth come through on the regular premium annuity and 
we continue to push the regular premium annuity business at this point.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal 
Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: Most of the questions have been answered. Just on the protection bit, what 
would be the share of ROP products? And could you highlight whether ROP products are 
margin dilutive for you with regards to the entire protection margin and also, how is the 
ROP kind of moving, say, this year versus last year? 
Dhiren Salian: So, the return of premium variant of the product is roughly about 15% to 
20% of the Retail Protection business.  
Prayesh Jain: And from profitability perspective, is it any different from the pure term?  
Dhiren Salian: It depends upon the tenure that you choose. So, longer tenure gives you 
higher margins. Shorter tenure gives you lower margins.  
Amit Palta: See, let me just share the fundamental that propositions are not changing 
from non-ROP products to ROP products. It is only the customer behavior that decides 
whether he is okay to let go of a premium as an expense or he would like to take his 
premiums back. Otherwise, the underlying profile of the customer really doesn't change. 

 
21 
 
We have seen this kind of a behavior more prominent in mass, but we have seen even 
affluent customers at times preferring the return of premium products and alternate 
products where they can get high covers with probably even a higher return of premium 
by choosing a high cover on a unit-linked platform. So, from that perspective, margin 
really doesn't change by nature of ROP or a non-ROP because underlying customer and 
the cover that you offer is quite similar. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. 
Please go ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: Just one question. Are you seeing any change in payouts to any of your 
distribution partners or any of the segments for this for any particular partner out there 
post the guideline changes? 
Dhiren Salian: Dipanjan, yes, we discussed this earlier. We have seen commission rates 
rise for us and understanding is this is not just specific to us. It's for the industry as well. 
Has it settled down? I am not so sure. I think we will continue to work through this into 
the coming quarters as well.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Jhunjhunwala from IIFL 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Just one question. I mean, even apart from commissions, if I look at 
other OPEX has gone up substantially for us on a H1 over H1 basis as well, whereas the 
premium growth, of course, has not been that strong. So, just trying to understand what 
is driving that ex of commissions also and in the backdrop of that, do you think that given 
that seems like a lot of these commission increase are going to stay here for a while, do 
you think that VNB growth in this year will be possible? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Rishi, outside of commission, some of the larger expense items are, of 
course, employee costs. Part of it is the capacity creation that we have invested in and 
we continue to invest in given some of the newer channels that we have added on. There 
are, of course, some of the advertising and sales-related costs that are elevated at this 
point. Given that commissions are going up, we would seek to kind of keep the overall 
expenses broadly where they are. This year, of course, will be a bit of a flux. So, we will 
have to manage it through this coming quarters to see how we can keep that stable at 
this point.  
Amit Palta: Also, I just want to clarify that while there has been a question on 
commission increase, but let me share with you that we are well within the guard rails 
and the direction given to us by the regulator in ensuring that we align our commission 
structures to promote long-term business, protection business, renewal business and not 
at the cost of customer proposition. so, since we have not let the customer proposition 
get impacted, for a short period of time, you are actually seeing that OPEX swelling up. 
Directionally, this entire increase in cost needs to get compensated through better OPEX 
management and that is what we are intending to do. That is the cusp period is where 
probably, you know, it will take some time before it settles, but we are very clear that 
whatever is the increase in the cost, it will not come at the cost of customer proposition.  

 
22 
 
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: And so, views on VNB growth this year? 
Dhiren Salian: I think let it emerge, Rishi.  
Rishi Jhunjhunwala: Just on the commission part, right, so wanted to understand you 
mentioned about the industry is witnessing an increase in commissions. What are your 
thoughts in terms of how does that dynamic play out given that even for us agency's 
proprietary ICICI Bank is exclusive and we have direct and group businesses as well 
which are possibly within our control. So, what kind of pressure is there for commissions 
to be increased across the board? And what is the risk in case that wouldn't have gone 
up? Do you really think that the premiums would have severely gotten impacted or the 
growth around that? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Rishi, the way we manage each channel is to look at the overall cost 
of the channel for which commission is only one aspect of it. So, yes, this year is a bit of 
a flux. We have got other operating expenses that are slightly elevated, but on the steady 
state, the way we seek to manage each channel is to see whether for a product line that 
it finally delivers, whether the overall cost that it incurs is in line with what we would 
want to deliver from a VNB perspective. So, it's a balance that comes through. I don't 
think this has impacted growth at all and commission is essentially only one aspect of 
the overall spend that each channel does.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: Just one on the margin. If I want to draw a waterfall, the margin 
compression, how much you would attribute to product mix change and to the cost ratio? 
Whether the real problem is cost which has dragged the margins or is more the product 
mix? That's my first question. 
Dhiren Salian: Mostly product mix.  
Sanketh Godha: And second on cost, just wanted to understand, EOM was expected to 
move the cost line items between commissions and advertisement, but it was expected 
to remain on the similar lines, but still our OPEX ratio has moved up, but just wanted to 
understand that EOM is structurally increasing the commission cost and other expenses 
are not going to cut and therefore, going ahead, we are going to see an elevated cost 
ratios which could have an impact on the margins? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Sanketh, like we mentioned earlier, this is a bit of a flux year. So, at 
that level, we are managing across these multiple line items. We are well aware that we 
will have to keep overall costs in control to be able to deliver on margins. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS 
India. Please go ahead. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: Wanted to understand that this quarter looks like ULIP heavy for 
everyone. So, what are the early trends you are picking up for the Q3 and going ahead, 
what we can expect? And are we okay to increase the ULIP share again back to a certain 

 
23 
 
level? We do have certain mix in mind that we need to kind of maintain to have a positive 
VNB by the end of the year? 
Amit Palta: Neeraj, I think we have spoken about this earlier as well. We are not guiding 
each channel to a product mix. If ULIP is the flavour of the season, we are quite happy to 
take that on board. Of course, we are quite cognizant that we are looking at delivering 
absolute VNB and to that extent, we will have to deliver additionally on APE as well.  
Neeraj Toshniwal: On that only, what are the trends you are picking up in other 
segments apart from ULIP? Can we see because one of you called out that non-PAR 
savings is possibly return back or might see a uptake from now? Are you also in a similar 
camp or it's too early to call out? 
Dhiren Salian: It's a little too early to call out with this last 15, 16 days, but as we 
mentioned earlier, we constantly are looking for proposition that could work with the 
various customer segments even in the non-linked space.  
Amit Palta: So, let me add here. Like I have articulated earlier as well, within affluent 
customer segments, we have seen a trend of wealth preservation story which has been 
running so well over a period of last couple of years giving way to unit-linked and part 
guarantee products towards the second half of this H1 which is a clear trend that is 
visible. Of course, it varies from partner to partner and the composition of these 
customers at a partner level decides the mix of what kind of products are selling there, 
but if you were to look at these set of customers eventually on an overall household that 
you look at the urban centers, these are only 10% to 15% of the overall number of 
households that you have. Almost 80% of the households actually are ranging between 
an income segment closer to around ` 3 lakhs to ` 25 lakhs means that there the 
simplicity of the product and simplicity of the proposition actually takes precedence over 
any complexity or differentiation that you want to create. There the demand for simpler 
propositions continues and as you know, it is about our ability to reach out to these 
customer segments, identify which distributors have access to these customer segments. 
That degree of success is a function of how we will convert this opportunity on simple 
products, non-linked products or participating products find its way into the overall 
product mix. That's how it will eventually pan out. There, if you ask me, trends have not 
changed drastically. 
Neeraj Toshniwal: And how does digital stack will help us to achieve this growth? Can 
you elaborate more on that which you have created a seven-layer stack which will help 
you? 
Amit Palta: Yes, so seven-layer stack is our thought process, our enablement framework 
for our partners. Over years we have spent lot of time in analyzing our own data as well 
as the data which is available in the ecosystem on understanding customers, on 
geography, on demographics, on income, on life stage and we have fairly been able to 
segment customers which are there in the market and customers which are part of the 
partner ecosystem and based on the natural advantages of the customer segments of 
our partners, we have actually worked together and co-created value propositions which 
are most meaningful to the customer segments and then convert those value 

 
24 
 
propositions into a capability framework for their team both on digital as well as non-
digital platforms.  
And of course, we do believe that when it comes to life insurance, the best of value 
propositions and capability eventually need to be supplemented with demand generation 
model and that is where our entire focus is to cut across all distribution channels to work 
exclusively on demand generation coupled with sales process integration and network 
integration with a partner gives us the ability to onboard our customers, give them the 
experience, give partner the empowerment to manage the entire policy life cycle is what 
we have split as a seven layer process for us. This is something that we are doing in a 
workshop mode with all our partners, and it actually changes partner to partner and it's 
largely a function of the customer base and the primary model of business of our 
partners. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yash Jain from CNBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Yash Jain: So, most of the questions which I had have been answered. One thing that I 
wanted to understand, and this is with respect to distributions, especially ICICI Bank. We 
have a setup where, I mean, your peers, the closest peers, HDFC, Max get about 50%, 
60% of their APE from their main banking partner that is Axis Bank and HDFC Bank. For 
us, it's come down significantly. It's kept coming down over the quarters. It's about 
13.5%. Just last year same period, it was about 20%. I have three very specific questions 
on this one. One thing at ICICI Pru Life, do you have an intention to sort of increase your 
sales across product categories through ICICI Bank? If yes, then my second question is, 
are you doing something about it, looking at ways in which this can be done? This will 
help growth come back as well for the Company. Just wanted the perspective from the 
management on this one. 
Amit Palta: So, Amit this side, Yash. So, one principal partner philosophy that we follow 
across the new potential partners that we meet and the way we take up our partner 
stack to other partners both with banks as well as non-banks is to give the decision of 
what to do and what to propose to their customers, leaving that question entirely with 
our partners. We do believe that their brand is supreme, and we are subservient to 
provide services in terms of manpower, technology, product to our partners.  
We don't play a role in influencing that decision because we do believe and respect the 
decision taken by partners on what they believe is most appropriate for what they want 
to do and which fits into their overall scheme of things. To that extent, we appreciate 
that ICICI Bank does look at annuity and protection as two complementing products 
which is not competing on investment space with banking and we do appreciate that 
they prioritize banking products, they prioritize SMEs, they prioritize lending, they 
prioritize deposits, and we have complete appreciation for that. We will take it as and 
when they have any priorities which are aligned to any specific proposition that we have 
in the basket. We will be more than happy to offer it and put it on the table. At this point 
in time, we do see a value in what we have on offer, which is retail protection and what 
they want as a proposition for their customers and that's where we are seeing growth 
of 45% in retail protection with ICICI. 

 
25 
 
Yash Jain: One final question. I mean, since earlier you had one guidance on the VNB 
side which was doubling VNB in four years. Under the new leadership, I just want to 
understand, is there one large guiding ambition in terms of quantification that you have, 
let's say for the next two to three years for a slightly longer period that you would want 
the markets to look at and you would want to work towards? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Yash, Dhiren here. No, we have not put out a target as we have done 
earlier. I think what we are very clear on is that our objective is to work within each of 
our partners, look at it granularly, look at their customer segments that they operate in 
and ensure that we have got appropriate products that can be delivered to those 
customer segments. And so to that extent, we would go deeper into each of those 
partnerships and as Amit articulated, help them grow those particular segments using 
the partner stack that we just discussed. The idea is that if we are able to sustainably 
grow each and every one of the diversified channels that we have at this point, then we 
should be able to look at sustainable growth into the coming years. The fact that we 
don't have any large distributor outside of ICICI Bank in our distribution mix gives us the 
confidence that we are able to sustainably build out this particular pool of business by 
looking at it very, very granularly and looking at it with a deep lens of analytics as well. 
That is the core focus and that's what we would continue to work towards.  
Amit Palta: See, an overarching theme which has been articulated over a period of last 
six months is a customer to product to right distribution channel who has access to that 
customer and taking the appropriate product. So, customer to product to distribution is 
the overarching theme and to support this theme is these 4D framework that we have 
created which is power of analytics, data analytics, diversified propositions on product 
and taking it to diverse geographies and diverse partners, digitalization by making an 
experience which is differentiated for the customers and eventually converting it into a 
depth of partnership becoming an inspiration for us to come up with this seven layer ICICI 
Pru Stack to enable our partners. Eventually, the strategic direction is to become the most 
partnerable insurer in the industry. 
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditi Joshi: So, my question is on the agency side, and I actually wanted to understand 
if we are targeting a further increase in the head count of the agents in the second half 
of this year, and I'm sorry if I missed it previously. I just wanted to understand, what 
portion of this new agents are split between Tier-1 or Tier-2 and Tier-3? And just one 
more question, if I may, on the rider side, we have a pretty good, impressive suit of rider 
available to us. So, just wondering how much is the push from the management or what 
is the strategy across the channel on moving the rider attachment? 
Amit Palta: Amit this side. On the distribution side, an agency, like I mentioned earlier as 
well, we are fairly spread out across all types of geographies, whether it is top cities, 
Tier-1, Tier-2, Tier-3, the way we spell it out internally. So, we have fairly distributed 
representation of advisers as well as our business. The outcome as well as our advisor 
count is quite spread out across type of geographies and on new acquisition as well, new 
advisor licensing also is fairly in line with our spread of business.  

 
26 
 
So, to that extent, going forward, even in H2, I don't see that being different from what 
we have been following in agency for some time. Idea in agency is about the capacity 
that we have built to manage this advisor force, not just the existing ones, but also to 
acquire new ones. Like I mentioned earlier, for some period during COVID, we had 
refrained from adding cost through capacity addition of frontline managers. That is 
something that we started doing some 18 months back and that is something that we 
are going through a cusp period of building capacity there to manage our advisers better 
and improve efficiency and productivity over a period of time. I think we are in a cusp. It 
is expected to improve, and we want to accelerate it and try to cut the learning curve and 
reduce attrition so that we manage our advisor force even better.  
Coming to the second question that you had which was on riders, see, first of all, riders, 
we don't see riders as an attachment product first of all. So, riders need to really add 
value to our customers and the proposition. We do believe that riders make our 
proposition very distinct in comparison to anything which is available across financial 
industry on the investment space and accident, or disability or critical illness add value. 
So, from that perspective, the fabric of attachments are quite similar which cut across 
health as well as accident and disability and we would like to offer it as part of our 
protection as well as savings proposition. You know that these riders are not available 
standalone in the industry, and we want to offer it as a value add to our customers on 
the savings platform and that is what we have been doing. Even on protection, we look 
at riders as a very specific strategy to convert a protection solution into a wholesome 
mortality and morbidity solution which we offered through our flagship protection 
product where the customer has an option to choose critical illness, accident disability 
and actually both as well which we call it as an all-in-one proposition to give a most 
wholesome proposition on protection for our customers.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Poddar from Nippon 
Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Prateek Poddar: Sir, I have just one question. You called out about the kind of mix 
shifting, right, in the ` 5 lakhs plus policy ticket sizes from entirely non-par to par or ULIP 
and then you also called out higher investments as well as higher commissions. In that 
backdrop, how should we think about VNB margins for the full year? Is it fair to say that 
that given the mix shift we are seeing towards ULIP/non-par and the higher investments 
which you need to do because of growing your agency/other channels, margins would 
be under pressure this year and next year is where APE growth as you have alluded 
earlier? 
Dhiren Salian: So, Prateek, Dhiren here. A little difficult to call. I think, let it emerge 
through the year. There are of course product mix shifts that can emerge and that can 
drive where the margin would be. That would be one of the core components within 
which, of course, we will look at some of the expenses and see how we could manage 
them through this year as well. A little difficult to call. I think we will look at the way the 
product mix evolves over the second half of the year. You anyway know that the larger 
portion of the business happens in the second half. So, that can kind of dictate where we 
end up.  

 
27 
 
Prateek Poddar: And you also talked about wallet share gains across other co-op 
agencies, I mean, partnership distribution side and Banca side in ICICI Bank. How much 
more potential is there for you to gain further wallet share or bulk of the wallet share 
whatever we could have done have been done this year? 
Dhiren Salian: No, I don't think there is an end to wallet share as such. I think the key 
point is while we look at wallet share as an outcome; I think the one clear thing is we are 
looking at how we are able to deliver value to our partners and that's where some of the 
partner stack elements that Amit spoke of come into frame. The idea is that if we are the 
most partnerable insurer, then naturally we should have bulk of the business flowing to 
us and that ends up as a higher wallet share. Because very clearly, as we spoke of earlier, 
we are looking at the product, we are looking at the customer, we are looking at the 
distribution channel and each of those subs segments are the ones where we have to 
ensure that we have got the highest, the best fit in and that naturally will give you the 
move towards our sets of products and our set of distribution rather than some of the 
other partners that may be there in the short term.  
Moderator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Sanketh Godha: See, I have two questions. One, yesterday in ICICI Securities call, they 
also said that they are focusing on protection and annuity which is very similar to what 
ICICI Bank is thinking of. So, just wanted to understand how big is ISEC as a channel for 
us and if they continue to follow the way ICICI Bank follows, what likely impact in near 
term will we have on the growth? That's point number one. And the second, honestly, the 
question still remains for me is on non-ICICI Bank channel because the growth for H1, if 
I look, seems to be around 7 odd percentage seems to be very weak. Is it largely driven 
because of the macro factors because people are deploying, making or putting money in 
deposits? It's macro related or something somewhere we are struggling with market 
share in the existing channels and that is leading to some muted growth in the banking 
channel, non-ICICI banking channel? 
Amit Palta: Sanketh, Amit this side. First of all, let me answer the question on ICICI 
Securities. You are right. ICICI Securities also is looking at augmenting their proposition 
to their clients on protection and annuity. However, unlike ICICI, they are a very small 
part of our overall pie. They contribute close to around 2.5% to 3% of our business and 
as I mentioned earlier as well, we allow our partners to choose what they think is most 
appropriate for their customers. I think we will be more than happy. Even if the top line 
is lesser and the protection is higher, it is value neutral for us. To that extent, that is fine. 
We appreciate and respect the decision and direction taken by securities, but they are a 
very small part of our overall business. 
Second, you spoke about overall growth momentum in non-ICICI channels and let me 
just stitch it together once again. First of all, let me give you a number of 13% growth of 
non-ICICI in Quarter 2. So, 13% growth is what you witness in Quarter 2. I did mention 
that loss of share was not the problem for us because while the overall pie at a multi-
insurance shop was severely impacted, more severely impacted because of guaranteed 
products becoming relatively unattractive in comparison to what was available in the H2 
of last year on the regular ticket size and also on large ticket size for obvious reasons, 

 
28 
 
tax proposition. So, all the multi-insurance shops were severely impacted because of this 
change in the environment. However, we still grew in partnership distribution by close to 
around 25% in Quarter 2. So, this is largely on account of increasing share. Otherwise, 
the overall pie was almost similar or slightly lower than what it was last year. So, this 
increase or this growth that you see in partnership distribution is largely on account of 
the increase in share. And by the way, Sanketh, let me also mention to you that 
partnership distribution what you see here actually factors in ICICI Securities as well. So, 
despite that 2%-3% business that we have which is part of our partnership distribution 
having a change in direction actually did not have any impact on the overall partnership 
distribution growth which still stayed at 25% for quarter two. Banca, very similar 
situation. Direct business, like I told you, both online as well as upsell, we are growing 
well. Agency, I have already articulated. We are still at a cusp stage. We are very 
confident that capacity will turn into an outcome for us very soon. 
Moderator: Thank you very much. That was the last question in the queue. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to Mr. Anup Bagchi – MD and CEO of ICICI Prudential 
Life Insurance for closing comments. 
Anup Bagchi: Thank you for staying back late evening. Thank you very much. Bye. 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been lightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except for the historical 
information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, 
‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. 
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to our ability to successfully implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the impact 
of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, the actual growth in demand for insurance products and 
services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, policies and actions of regulatory 
authorities; impact of competition; experience with regard to mortality and morbidity trends, lapse rates and policy 
renewal rates; the impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and other legislations and 
regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our holding 
company, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. ICICI Prudential Life Insurance undertakes no 
obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date thereof 
