  
 
            BLOOD TESTS • DIAGNOSTICS • WELLNESS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited  
 
 
Registered & Corporate Office: 250 D, Udyog Bhavan, Hind Cycle Marg, Worli, Mumbai - 400 030. 
 
 
CIN: L73100MH2000PLC192798 Tel No.: 8422 801 801 Email: support@metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Website: www.metropolisindia.com 
 
 
Global Reference Laboratory: 4th Floor, Commercial Building-1A, Kohinoor Mall, Vidyavihar (W),  
 
 
Mumbai - 400 070. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Ref: MHL/Sec&Legal/2023-24/70                                                                                 Date: November 10, 2023 
  
To,  
Head, Listing Compliance Department  
BSE Limited  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542650 
 
Head, Listing Compliance Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai- 400051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: METROPOLIS 
 
Sub: Intimation of Transcript of Earnings Call for Q2 and H1FY24 
 
Ref: Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015  
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
This is in continuation to our letter bearing Reference No. MHL/Sec&Legal/2023-24/62 dated October 30, 2023. 
Please find enclosed herewith the transcript of Q2 and H1FY24 Conference Call, as organized by Nuvama Wealth 
Management held on Monday, November 06, 2023 at 09:00 a.m. (IST) wherein the financial results of the Company 
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 were discussed.  
 
The same has also been uploaded on the Company’s website and can be accessed at 
 
http://www.metropolisindia.com/investors 
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
 
Neha Shah 
Interim Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A51465 
 
Enclosed: a/a 
 
 
Neha Dilip 
Shah
Digitally signed by Neha Dilip Shah 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=5014, 
pseudonym=936FEDDB600012A69DB715614211E666EA969551, 
2.5.4.20=fad024c35dbc8a86181e3d4f34d0f56e07b4309cb119a4
9896f8f36943955afd, postalCode=400064, st=Maharashtra, 
serialNumber=FEB9E82688FCA5A64C82BFEB23815EE851533EE6
F9EC13C3148D8EB0F9F27734, cn=Neha Dilip Shah 
Date: 2023.11.10 22:13:21 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2023 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 6th November 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. AMEERA SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRAN CHEMMENKOTIL – CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE 
LIMITED 
MR. RAKESH AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– METROPOLIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED 
 
 
HOST: 
MS. AASHITA JAIN – NUVAMA INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited hosted by Nuvama Institutional Equities. This conference call 
may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements do not 
guarantee the future performance of the company, and it may involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aashita Jain from Nuvama Institutional Equities. Thank 
you, and over to you, Ms. Jain. 
Aashita Jain: 
Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, 
I, Aashita Jain, welcome you all for Metropolis Q2 and H1 FY '24 Earnings Call. With us, we 
have Metropolis' senior management team, represented by Ms. Ameera Shah, Managing 
Director; Mr. Surendran Chemmenkotil, CEO; and Mr. Rakesh Agarwal, Chief Financial 
Officer. Thank you. And over to you Ameera for your opening remarks. 
Ameera Shah: 
Good morning to everyone, and thank you for joining us on the Q2 FY '24 Earnings Call. Today, 
I'm joined by our CEO, Surendran, Rakesh Agarwal, the CFO; and SGA, our IR advisors. We've 
uploaded our updated results documents and the exchanges and the company's website, and I 
hope everyone has had an opportunity to go through the same. 
 
We are happy to report a 13.4% year-on-year revenue growth in our core revenue for Q2 FY '24, 
mainly contributed by 10.4% patient growth and around 3% by product mix. And very 
marginally from price increase. However, the performance in Q2 was slightly affected due to 
the low rainfall in Maharashtra in August, leading to a decrease in dengue and other infectious 
diseases in the month of September. We absorbed an increase in infectious diseases case during 
the end of September and October, which has resulted in some of the September revenues 
carrying over from Q2 to Q3. 
 
We have seen a steady increase in our volume over the last 6 quarters and are optimistic about 
volume growth going forward. Happy to share that our volume growth currently is trending 
higher than the pre-COVID level of 9%. Timing of price increases in our industry are company-
specific and Metropolis would consider one early next year. 
 
Also, we -- deliberately chose not to increase prices currently if we want to concentrate more on 
volume growth while the price level can be leveraged at the appropriate time. Let me begin with 
some industry insights. In the past two years, we've seen the emergence of new players in the e-
pharmacy and hospital sectors venturing into diagnostic services. Based on their aggressive 
pricing strategies, with decent service, they have impacted companies who have built their 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 3 of 19 
 
business, the incumbents I'm talking about on competitive pricing, more than players focused 
on quality service. 
 
We have observed a consistent decline in competitive intensity over the past two quarters. The 
new competitors are under margin pressure, forcing them to reduce discounts, reduced marketing 
budgets and increased prices. Moreover, they are also not finding much traction outside the 
metro town and metro towns are not showing much growth opportunity, especially since the 
wellness segment post-COVID has settled down since these companies based their entire 
business model on wellness. 
 
On the contrary, our ecosystem at Metropolis has demonstrated a marketable stability with 
significant reduction in attrition rates for both franchise partners and employee talent pool in the 
current fiscal. The competition that we are primarily experiencing is on the B2B semi-
specialized care coming through the B2B channel, accounting for less than 10% of our revenue. 
Within this segment, there is the head and the tail of the business. 
 
Considering the 80-20 principal, Metropolis concentrates about -- more on the head, which is 
80% of the business, which are sticky customers who rely on our quality of testing and services 
rather than pricing and discounts. We're also happy to report that we have been able to increase 
our B2B revenues by 12% on a Y-o-Y basis without much dilution entry regardless of this 
competitive intensity. 
 
Speaking of our strategy going forward. As communicated previously, we remain committed to 
our three pillars of growth under the Metropolis 3.0 strategy. As we discussed, one of the prime 
strategies was strengthening our core which is about fortifying our core business and expanding 
into new markets. 
To achieve this, we've been working on a large network expansion plan, which allows us to 
increase penetration in our core markets and setting up infrastructure in new cities and towns 
with high growth potential. We're also focused on driving premium value products by offering 
curated customized packages for accurate diagnosis to our customers. We have also added more 
than 75 new specialty tests in the first half of this year. 
 
Our second pillar is to expand into adjacencies. As we have mentioned, we are expanding into 
asset-light basic radiology like ECG, x-ray, phonography and allied services. We have allocated 
resources for providing these basic radiology services within our existing infrastructure. And 
therefore, by leveraging our loyal end customer, our extensive customer base, we aim to provide 
these complementary ancillary services so that it can increase our revenue per patient. 
 
The third pillar has been digital transformation, and we're happy to share that we have launched 
our new registration platform along with our sales and service CRM, which has now been rolled 
out across the country. This move will give us an edge in improving customer relationships, 
enhancing customer services data centralization and better utilization of data pool benefiting the 
end user. 
 
While we've come a long way in our website, we are still working on some of the other digital 
teams like the app to improve the experience and enhance it to the next level. But however, our 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 4 of 19 
 
WhatsApp messenger service has been very successful, allowing us to enhance our customer 
service and operational efficiencies, providing a seamless experience to our customers. 
 
Lastly, the fourth pillar will be the bolt-on acquisitions to strengthen and complement our 
existing capabilities, either in new geographies or in existing geographies but with use cases. 
Despite the limited talent pool available in the industry, we have made a substantial additions 
and retention in our talent base across all levels. As a result, we have assembled a committable 
team of senior executives. 
 
And recently, we have also added Mr. Mohan Menon, as Chief Marketing Officer, he carries a 
rich experience over 20 years, which is last in at Max Hospital. This collective expertise and 
leadership ability and drive the company forward, creating efficient systems and processes and 
ensuring that we can continue to deliver high-quality services and our commitment to excellence. 
 
We're building an institution, which is not so much dependent on individuals, but more processes 
and systems. We have also demarked a clear understanding on roles and responsibilities across 
the organization, including between myself and Surendran. While I focus more on long-term 
strategy, governance, acquisitions, alliances and culture, Suren and team will overlook 
operational excellence, productivity, process systems, digital agenda and control. 
 
We would now like to -- update you a little bit on Hitech, which we acquired in 2021. At that 
time, we had done this acquisition for three, four primary reasons. Number one, Hitech was the 
number two brand in the Chennai market with a sticky B2C customer base, they had almost 
70%, 75% B2C contribution. But had low overlap in customer base with our brand Mr. 
Metropolis. As both companies target a different segments with different prices. 
 
Second of all, the promoter had been looking for an exit. And, if any, irrational  player, would 
have purchased the company of Hitech, it could have spoiled the market to irrrational pricing, 
which would have been all source impacted all the other players including us in the industry, 
including our pricing and our margin. 
 
Number three, the company we acquired was on the basis of pre-COVID EBITDA numbers and 
revenue and not on inflated unsustainable COVID revenue margin. And we believe that, 
therefore, we were buying a sustainable vessel. 
 
And four, in the past, Hitech had not done meaningful expansion for multiple years or pricing 
increase, and they did not have management expertise in -- besides the promoters. We're not 
investing much into the business either. And because they have not been investing much, the 
pre-COVID growth for Hitech was muted at 8% per year with stable margins. 
 
We knew the potential of Hitech had a much larger runway for growth. So in the last two years 
now, I would like to talk about our performance in Hitech. We're happy to state that we believe 
this has been a successful acquisition for us, despite the multiple, unexpected faced, by the first 
year post acquisition from an unethical competitor, who tried to infringe on our brand and poach 
our team. Since then, we have added more than 35 centers, increasing the total count of centers 
now to 80 centers across Chennai. We introduced new models of growth such as B2B testing, 
curated wellness, and home testing, all of which was a very, very small part of Hitech before. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
We have integrated Hitech into the parent Metropolis and capitalize on synergies such as 
procurement efficiency, logistics, manpower management and marketing. And fourth, following 
the last year's resolution of brand infringement issue, we harnessed Hitech's regional brand 
trends and have grown our revenue growth of 17% in H1 of this year on a Y-o-Y basis, volume 
growth of 14% with an expanded EBITDA margin. The way forward for Hitech will be to 
continue to have see a substantial opportunities by expanding our specialty business as currently 
most of the business is routine and semi-specialized via B2C. 
Second, expanding our network by adding additional 50 centers by the next year end. Thirdly, 
strengthening our corporate B2B business to maximize the capacities available at our labs. 
Fourth, expanding your network and brand presence not only in Chennai but across Tamil Nadu 
through a large franchise network. Fourth, leveraging local synergies between Metropolis and 
Hitech to expand margins. And lastly, Hitech will continue to be growing positively from a 
revenue and a margin growth perspective going forward. 
On a separate note, we received a whistleblower complaint from an employee in Metropolis, 
regarding some accounting adjustments in the debtors accounts for FY '22-FY'23 and the current 
financial year. Upon receipt of the complaint, the matter was referred to an expert third-party 
auditor as per the whistleblower policy. The auditor submitted their report to the Audit 
Committee on 4, November, 2023. 
As per the report, the Audit Committee noted that three employees were found and have 
endulged in passing accounting entries, which involved an amount of INR9.28 crores, wherein 
INR7.18 crores have been adjusted between debit and credit entries in debtor account, and 
entries of INR2.1 crores were passed in the TDS recoverable account. The entries of INR7.18 
crores passed in the debtor and creditor accounts, largely nullified each other, and therefore, the 
entry do not have any material impact on the accounts of the company. 
Having said that, to be conservative and careful a one-time provision for doubtful entry of 
INR3.34 crores has been provided in Q2 FY '24 to ensure any full estimated impact for the report 
has taken. Audits have been done across the Group level post this complaint to find if there is 
any such issue in any other location, and we can confirm the issue have been found in only one 
region of India done by the selective three employees. 
This incident was clearly a deviation from the standard accounting policies and controls and 
processing defined by the company and our culture of no shortcuts. The company has worked 
very hard to build strong process and systems and we were disappointed with the employee 
actions to breach these policies. The irregularity that it did does not involve any misappropriation 
of funds and therefore, does not require any amount to be recovered from the employees. 
The motivation for these employees to go against the processes of the company was to show 
better individual performance and meet their performance targets. The company has taken 
appropriate action against the errant employees, including separation with immediate effect 
when necessary. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 6 of 19 
 
We would like to emphasize that while we did encounter this irregularity our robust 
whistleblowing culture within the organization ensure that this issue came to life from within. 
Subsequently, we swiftly implemented all the required corrective measures to ensure the right 
practices. We will continue to further strengthen controls and audit and uphold our culture of 
integrity and good governance. 
With this, I would like to hand over to Surendran for our update on the quarter gone by, along 
with the execution plans going forward. Suren, over to you. 
Surendran C.: 
Thank you, Ameera, and good morning, everyone. The last three interactions we have guided 
are near-term objectives. Quarter 2, '24 as largely focused on those objectives. Let me give you 
an overview. We achieved 13.4 percentage Y-o-Y increase in core business revenue through a 
combination of increased patient volume growth, which is 10.4 percentage and the revenue per 
patient of 3 percentage growth. 
Our cash volume stood -- growth stood at 8.4 percentage in quarter 2. Over the last five quarters, 
our core business revenue have consistently experienced double-digit growth, and we are 
optimistic of the same to continue. Higher volume growth across the territories in the key 
indicator of increasing market share of Metropolis. 
We would like to highlight that historically, the second half of the year has been better than the 
first half for Metropolis. This year also, we anticipate a similar trend continuing and are 
confident of even better performance in H2 in terms of both revenue and growth -- revenue, 
growth and the margin. 
Based on our internal estimates, we believe we can achieve a growth pattern in H2 similar to 
that of the previous year with the revenue growth in mid-teens and enhanced margins on account 
of better operating leverage. 
Talking about B2C performance. Our B2C revenues were 16% year-on-year increase with 
patient volume growing at 14 percentage and 2 percentage on account of product mix change 
RPT. Our overall contribution from B2C segment has improved from 47 percentage one year 
before to 52 percentage when we ended quarter 2. 
Mumbai market witness season higher growth of 23% in B2C revenue. Despite new competition 
in the market, our operational performance in Mumbai market has been exceptional, which has 
helped us to grow our market share. We continue to add more touch points in Mumbai and bring 
out more efficiency from existing centers. 
We believe there is enough potential to grow touch points in Mumbai going deeper and closer 
to the patient. In spite of competitive intensity in certain process of the B2B segment, our B2B 
revenues increased by 12 percentage year-on-year, with patient volume growing at 8 percentage 
and RPT growth of 4 percentage. We have seen the competition intensity coming down over the 
last few quarters and are optimistic of higher growth going forward. 
We have implemented multiple strategies to increase our share of B2B business, including B2B 
engagement via digital channels, centralized help desk to build a strong support system for B2B 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 7 of 19 
 
clients and appointing key relationship managers for our key B2B accounts. This clear balancing 
of portfolios between B2C and B2B is helping us to achieve the desired growth level. 
Talking about the Specialized test segment, our revenues from specialized testing grew by 12 
percentage year-on-year basis with a volume growth more than 9 percentage. Our B2C 
specialized testing revenues grew by 18% and our B2B specialized revenue grew by 10 
percentage on a year-on-year basis. 
For our specialty business, we have established a dedicated sales team, which we talked about 
in the past calls as well, trained them exclusively to focused specialty portfolios across the 
nation. We are continuously seeing volume uptick from our Wellness segment and are hopeful 
of this trend continuing. 
Our Premium Wellness segment has been the fastest-growing segment for the company. We 
have witnessed a 27 percentage year-on-year growth in the quarter 2 with volumes growing by 
21 percentage over the same period last year. Contribution from Premium Wellness has 
increased from 13 percentage when we ended last year to 14 percentage in quarter 2, '24. On 
geographical split, our revenue from North has grown by 15 percentage on year-on-year basis 
in quarter 2, outpacing the competition growth. 
I would just like to give a glimpse of the network expansion. Under the 90/30 projects, we have 
successfully added 12 labs during the first half of the fiscal year '24. We plan to incorporate 30 
labs during the year and 30 labs during year '25 as well. Our strategic focus in these new newly 
opened labs, mainly in newer geographies is to drive our B2B business in the specialty segment 
and expand into B2C market by aggressively establishing a network of centers around this newly 
opened labs to serve as leader. 
Since April '22, we have added 790 new centers, and we plan to incorporate 800 centers during 
this year and 800 centers in the coming year as well. We are now present in 488 towns as 
compared to 307 towns at the end of last year, '23. We plan to reach around 600 towns by the 
end of this year. Labs opened after April '22 have contributed 4 percentage of revenues and 4 
percentage of volumes in quarter 2, '24. 
As these labs are growing as much -- at a much faster pace, we expect them to contribute much 
more in the coming years. We are seeing continuous improvement in the margin for the labs and 
over the period, and we believe these labs can achieve company-level margin in about 24 
months. We are equally focused on increasing the productivity of our existing lab and center 
network, which has shown an impressive during this quarter. 
In summary, I would like to highlight that maintaining a healthy equilibrium between our B2C 
and B2B strategy, along with accelerating are key growth drivers, such as expanding our 
network, emphasizing on the speciality and wellness segment and implementing technology 
transition is propelling us swiftly towards our growth objectives. 
Now I hand over to Rakesh to take you through the financial highlights. Over to you Rakesh. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. Thank you, Suren. Good morning, everybody. Let me share some of the key financial 
performance for the quarter. Our reported revenue for quarter 2 financial year '24 has grown by 
3% on a year-on-year basis. Reported growth for Q2 was largely impacted on account of in-
sourcing of large B2G contracts in quarter 4 financial year last year. 
Reported EBITDA margin stood at 24.3% as compared to 27% in Q2 last year. Compared to last 
year, the margin impacted due to more intensity in lab expansion, negative operating leverage 
because of the loss of PPP contracts and a onetime impact on account of provision for doubtful 
debt taken. These three elements impact the margin by around 2.5%. 
Onetime impact in provision for doubtful debt on account of whistleblower complaint, which 
has been spoken by Ameera earlier, has been taken with impacted EBITDA by 1.1%. This is a 
one-time impact, and we have taken the full estimated impact and there is no further impact 
expected out of it. Excluding this one-time exception, our reported margin stood at 25.4%. 
Reported PAT margin stood at 11.6% as compared to 13.5% in Q2 last year. Compared to last 
year, the PAT margin is mainly impacted because of the lower EBITDA margin. 
Moving on to the balance sheet. Gross debt stood at INR 44 crores, and cash and cash equivalents 
stood at INR 108 crores as on 30, September 2023. As earlier confirmed, we plan to repay the 
balance debt by the end of this financial year. OFC-to-EBITDA for September '23 stood at 93%. 
Working capital stood at 18 days, marginally higher than the last year of 14 days. The Board of 
Directors have announced an interim dividend of INR4 per equity share. 
That's all from my side. With this, I will open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you 
very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Ameera, just one question. Firstly, a bit longer, pardon me for that. But whenever, we are doing 
channel checks across India, we obviously don't see further entry of new digital labs or online 
labs, this is the trend the last 15 months, which is good news. But we see regional local labs that 
started during COVID still trying to be competitive on pricing and taking away tid-bits of market 
share. 
Also I realize patients at large the affordable category mass market, will limited customer 
understanding of quality and service standards and customers and patients live in ignorance and 
happy with low pricing and just a name of the lab on the report, no NABL, etcetera, doesn't 
really matter to them. As a national lab like yours, trying to go into Tier 1, Tier 2 markets, I think 
patient, education and repeat of this business is the biggest challenge. I just wanted to hear your 
thoughts on this? 
Ameera Shah: 
Thanks, Rahul. So a couple of things to address it. Look, there's always been competition in this 
industry. And I think while investors have noticed bigger players coming in the last two years, 
three years, but frankly, that has been the case for the last 15 years in our industry. Small players 
have always been there and they have continued to try to take market share locally. But it has 
never stopped at least our growth in the last 15 years to be able to continue. So I don't believe 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 9 of 19 
 
that, that is some significant change today that will, in any way, impede our growth going 
forward. 
To your point on consumers not recognizing quality mass consumers and only looking at price, 
largely when it comes to wellness, when it comes to common tests, you're right. Many consumers 
are not educated on understanding the difference between a good quality lab and not so good 
quality, which is why 85% of the industry continues to remain in the unorganized sector, right? 
But what happens is that when they go to a doctor, especially for critical illness when they have 
a heart issue, they have a brain issue, they have a stroke or they have a neurological problem. 
Then the decision about which lab to go to is not really in the hands of the consumer. It is in the 
hands of the doctor because the doctor realizes the difference in the quality and requires the right 
quality report to make the right treatment decision because if a doctor gets the wrong report, 
they may land up removing an organ or doing something, which was actually not required at all. 
And therefore, the doctor will insist on a good quality lab. 
Now the kind of business that Metropolis is focusing on has been always maintained, has been 
largely illness and have been largely more specialized. So we have always focused on going to 
the top quality doctors across the country in the Specialized segment. And what happens over 
time is that as your brand builds to doctor's recommendation for Metropolis. 
Over time, that trust moves to consumers and consumers start recognizing that actually this brand 
is truly differentiated from others, and then they start coming to you directly. So the process, 
therefore, is a time-taking one, and one which is difficult for any new competitor to come in and 
suddenly build that kind of trust either with doctors or with consumers. 
And which is why you see that pricing has been the main tool used by most of these guys to 
come in. But while it may give them some short-term benefit in terms of price and some volume 
accumulation, the reality is the market in which you can only build through price is limited. And 
if you want to get into a profitable business that is large and gets into scale, there is only one 
route which is through building trust with doctors and consumers. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
I absolutely, agree. But the point being that most of us are trying to figure out whether the growth 
for National Labs is actually back to mid-teens. And hence, my sense is that these regional local 
labs are still doing dirty games but -- anyway, I get your point, I'll move forward. Second 
question on focus cities -- sorry, go ahead. 
Ameera Shah: 
Yes. Just as Surendran said, H1 for Metropolis is always not the -- it's usually a smaller 
contribution to the overall year's revenue. And H2 is always a larger contribution to the revenues, 
and we expect nothing different this year. We do expect H2 to contribute more significantly to 
the overall year's revenues. And therefore, our target of mid-teen growth like it was pre-COVID 
remains the same. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. Get it. And on focus cities, there was some discussion happened on last quarter about 
redefining markets and some management focus has to be redefined in new cities. Any update 
here, please? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Ameera Shah: 
So as you know, we are expanding a lot into some smaller markets. In fact, majority of the labs, 
we are starting are like -- 30 labs we are starting this year, I would say, majority of them are 
markets where we don't have a lab today, right? In fact, probably close to a very high number. 
So we -- what we are doing is really trying to recategorize and we didn't want to do this in the 
middle of the year, which is why we'll probably announce it at the end of the but we will 
recategorize the focus seating and other cities list at the end of this year. Based on the changes 
and the trends that we are seeing and the kind of investments that we are making. So we will 
come out with a new list by the end of the year. So that tracking is easy for us as well as for the 
investor. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Got it. And lastly, just sneaking in one smaller one on creditors. I see last two years, every six 
months, the creditors as a percent of sales is declining. Is there some change with how we're 
posting stuff from vendors? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So I will take this. Basically, there are a bit of a credit decline because we have made some 
prearrangements with some of the vendors in terms of discounting and the payment terms. So in 
-- particularly in the material piece, we have done some maneuvering while we are getting a bit 
higher discounts from the vendor in view of giving them an advance or a quicker payment. So I 
think that is the reason why you are seeing a bit of drop in the in the creditors balances, but that 
is correspondingly helping us to increase the discount from these vendors. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
So gross margin goes up and creditor goes down and ROCE goes up. That's how we look at it. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So gross margin, you will see largely in last two years, you have seen gross margin either 
remaining stable or increasing. So I think that's the reason why in spite of everything happening 
around us and dollar appreciating, we are still able to maintain the kind of gross margin we are 
having. 
Rahul Agarwal: 
Perfect. Thank you so much and have a good festival season. Happy Diwali to all of you. Thank 
you. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Jainil Shah from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Jainil Shah: 
My first question is on the EBITDA margin, where do we see our sustainable EBITDA margin 
going forward? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I mean, we had always indicated that our EBITDA margins this year will be similar to last 
year. We have to remember that we are having a dilution, as we mentioned, of about 1.2% 
because of the expanded lab expansion that we did not have in pre-COVID periods. So if that 
was kept aside, then we would be closer to 26.5% to 27%. We believe that a sustainable margin 
going forward is going to be -- without this expanded lab expansion, we'll be between 26% and 
27%. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 11 of 19 
 
And our growth of expansion, this lab expansion will continue till FY '25, post which the lab 
expansion will then slow down and our collection center expansion will expand. So we are, 
therefore, quite hopeful that post FY '25, we will see that expansion in margins happening at 
each year. 
Jainil Shah: 
Sure. So is it fair to assume that over the next three years, we'll see -- if you take a slightly longer 
term view, three years to four years, we'll see mid-teens revenue growth along with healthy 
operating leverage play out because then our lab expansion would be done and then that would 
also come into play. And how would the addition of basic radiology services add to this margin? 
Or will it increase or dilute the margins? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I think you're right, that's exactly the direction we are targeting. And for the basic radiology 
services, the goal, as we mentioned, is it going to be continue to be a small part of our revenue. 
It is not going to become a very large part of our revenue. It is more to complete the service for 
the consumer when they walk into our center. And therefore, the hope is that we can add on 
some of the ancillary radiology revenue to the existing patient who walks in, and therefore, that 
could expand the RPP for that particular patient. 
It's completely asset-light. It's not capex heavy at all. And therefore, we believe it strategically 
makes sense in adding them in our existing infrastructure. That would be -- but considering it 
will be a small part of the business. I don't see it meaningfully impacting EBITDA or revenue 
in any significant way, but there -- which hopefully it will impact the RPT. 
Jainil Shah: 
And how much of this mid-teens growth would be from realization? 
Ameera Shah: 
So as we mentioned, about 10.4% is coming from volume. And about 3% -- currently about 3% 
is coming from product mix, which is realization. Hardly about a -- very marginal amount is 
coming from price increase because we have not really done a proper price increase this year, 
which like we said we are targeting maybe for early next year. So out of the mid-teen growth, if 
you see pre-COVID, we were doing about 9% from volume and about 6% from RPT. Our goal 
is probably 3%, 4% from RPT and the balance through volume. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sir, two things I wanted clarity. One is that it seems that quarterly number has been restated. So 
just a book keeping because earlier the reported number in last previous corresponding quarter 
was INR 300 crores. Now this is showing INR 277 crores. So is there -- has been a restatement 
or readjustment here on revenue item? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
We will look into it. But I think what you are referring is that there is one revenue which we are 
talking about, a core revenue and one is the reported revenue. So I think when you are saying 
INR 300 crores, you are looking at a reported revenue, and there is a INR 277 crores, which you 
are looking at a core revenue. So these are the two elements of it. If you look at our investor 
presentation, Slide number seven, I think you will particularly get the answer of that. 
Ranvir Singh: 
No, I'm not referring to presentation. I'm referring to the reported -- your audited reported 
number, which is INR 300 crores. Last year, it was INR 277.0911 crore. I think last year, in what 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 12 of 19 
 
model I see that last year, this was INR 300.3493 crore. So there has been some INR 20 crores 
-- roughly INR 23 crores difference. And even in Q1 also, reported number was INR 277 crores 
in last time -- sorry, this time it's a INR 300 crores, yes. So -- it seems that there has been either 
number had been readjusted somewhere or... 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So I don't think this is the case, but I -- in the audacity of time, we will note down this and we'll 
come back to you after this call. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay. Because otherwise, excluding that PPP... 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
I think maybe you are -- you are not including the NACO. Last year, there was a NACO PPP 
contract of INR 21 crores. Maybe because of that, you are looking at a different number last year 
because last year, we have given a core revenue, which was including the NACO revenue. And 
if you look at this year, when we are talking about is without this PPP contract revenue and we 
are trying to do apple-to-apple comparisons. 
So just Mr. Singh we'll pass this question a bit, but we'll clarify you for sure. There should not 
be any kind of difference in that. 
Ameera Shah: 
But Rakesh, we have not done any readjustments of statements that. 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
No, nothing. I think we have to clarify this, and I just want to not to just spend time here, but we 
will clarify for sure up after -- just immediately after this call. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sure, sir. And secondly, on PPP side, is there any chances we are re-getting that PPP contract or 
-- do we see any such opportunity going forward? Or are these opportunities gone? 
Ameera Shah: 
See, the government business was never our interest, frankly. This particular contract we did for 
the last five years, more because it was specialized tests, it was profitable and practices were in 
line with us. And therefore, we went ahead and did the contract. But otherwise, government 
business, we are not frankly focusing on. And this particular contract has been enforced by the 
government. They are doing the testing themselves. 
So it has not gone to any other player. But the government has wanted to do it themselves and 
be a provider. So therefore, now the chances they bought the machines they have set up the staff 
and the facilities, the chances of this getting outsourced again are extremely low. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Okay, fine. And margin was -- how was the margin there in PPP contract that was better than 
consolidated our normal margin or has been lower there? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So the margin in the PPP contract was approximately 43% for us, and that business 
contributed to 7% for us. So therefore, once the business is not there, we are having a 1.1% 
contract in the margin because of the sale. And Mr. Singh, I think you are referring to quarter 
two number, which was INR 277 crores in our financial statement, quarter one number. So let 
us reconcile it, but I think you have INR 277 crores reference is coming from quarter 1 number 
rather than in our last year numbers. So anyway, we'll confirm you that. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sure, sir. Thank you. That's all from my side. All the best. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Shyam Srinivasan from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Just in light of the B2G contract going away. And just a request, maybe we can do this after your 
call as well. Just to see what the overall volume was over like a three years, four years, five-
years period, either you want to remove B2G historically and -- or keep it in there? 
And just for us to see how the volume growth is over a longer period? I mean, I think you said 
9% was what your historical volume growth was. So I just wanted to see maybe we take out 
B2G out and see it historically or included -- so the idea is just to see what is the like-for-like 
because when we report core volumes now, we are unable to see what is the B2G volume 
element. So that's just a request. But the additional question I have is just on test growth has 
been -- on core volumes, test growth has been slower than patient growth. So anything we need 
to keep in mind here? 
Ameera Shah: 
So Shyam, we've always mentioned that don't focus on our test growth, please focus on our 
volume growth. The reason is because each company has their own way of accounting tests. So 
for example, in Metropolis, one wellness package is accounted as one and not as, let's say, even 
if it has 30 tests in it, right? So therefore, the -- while other companies may account for it 
differently, so therefore, we have always mentioned, please focus on patient growth because that 
is more unique and fair to compare versus test growth may not be appropriate to compare. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. And the request on volume growth, if you could have... 
Ameera Shah: 
We'll come back on that post. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Yes. Perfect. Just a second question on Hitech. I think a very commendable job of turning 
around. You mentioned the difficulties in the first year. I don't know whether you have put the 
subsidiary financials or now it's merged, so we may not get the subsidiary financial, but what is 
the fiscal '23 number for where revenues was? And also maybe one at -- since you've talked 
about the 17% growth and margins being better, if you could quantify some of these numbers? 
Ameera Shah: 
So I mean I think the 17% growth, I think, is quite clear. The margins are better than what we 
acquired than that. We've seen a few hundred basis points expansion. And the idea will be to 
obviously continue to grow this business well at a higher margin. And too many more details 
will become a competitive problem for us. So I think we'll probably stick to these numbers as of 
now. But we can chat offline. If there's any other specific information with it. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. And my -- just a last question on the overall guidance. Your ability to grow faster than 
National Networks. I think also I think one of your slides you've shown you're growing faster in 
the north. So just maybe talk about your regional strategy in terms of noncore markets, if I can 
use that term maybe your seeding markets and your other markets. What's the strategy out there? 
How can we outpace -- continue to outpace competition there? 
Ameera Shah: 
Suren, you want to make that? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Surendran C.: 
Yes, let me take this. So I think we have mentioned in the past also the strategy of expansion is 
go deeper in a strong market and go wider in the noncore market. So what we're doing exactly 
the same thing for let's say, come to the North or the eastern part of the East. We are picking up 
the strategic locations, and we are putting up the lab there. 
And we continue to do that, and we start with the B2B client acquisition first and then we get 
into some level of volumes, and then we put up the lab and then we put up the center, right? So 
that's what we are doing, and we are seeing success around that. So we'll continue to do that. We 
go -- we pick up the strategic locations in both these geographies, which is North and East, and 
then we will keep adding the centers there. 
And if you have seen that I just mentioned that the number of towns that we operate has gone 
up from 307 to 488. So this is -- most of these new towns have actually come up in the north and 
the east, right? And the -- west and the south, we keep going deeper. For example, Mumbai, we 
believe that we can have more centers in Mumbai to geographically becomes stronger. And 
similarly, let's say, in Chennai at Kerala. So that's largely been the strategy that we're adopting. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rishi Mody from Marcellus Investment Managers. 
Rishi Mody: 
Yes. So a couple of quick bookkeeping ones. Firstly, your gross margin has expanded I think 
you all gave a comment on that. Just could you repeat how was that 2.5% increase gross margin 
how much of it is structural versus how much is a function of some seasonality element? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
So I will let you know that this is basically because of the contract which we had on PPP because 
the majority -- the cost coming in that contract was of material. And once that has gone away, 
majority 80% of the benefit which you are seeing in the gross margin coming because of that. 
And 20% of the margin is basically on the price negotiation, which I discussed earlier also and 
some part of operational efficiency. So whatever gain you have seen, 80% of the gain basically 
is because of the PPP contract going off, which had a higher material cost in comparison to other 
material cost. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. Got it. Okay. Secondly, in order to understand from Suren -- so we've been seeing that 
our seeding cities revenue growth has been lagging our focus cities, which is largely our mature 
markets, the focus cities. Just wanted to understand what -- could you help me understand the 
disconnect here? The -- ideally our seeding city should run ahead of our focus cities? So if you 
could just give me an understanding why we have been lagging for the last couple of years out 
there? 
Surendran C : 
Yes. I think Ameera mentioned this, we're just going to recalibrate the old definitions so on, the 
focus city, seeding cities and other cities. So we have actually kept our focus mainly on the other 
cities and new markets, right? So maybe -- I mean, we are not only focused on getting the new 
labs and centers and productivity from the seeding cities. So at the end of the day, you have to 
prioritize what you want to do. 
So we have just got an expansion on the -- some other cities. If you see the other cities and the 
growth is substantial, right? So we have -- going to recalibrate the definitions of the seeding 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 15 of 19 
 
cities and the focus cities in the next -- when we get into the next year. But otherwise, this is the 
reason why in the seeding cities we are not finding significant growth. 
Ameera Shah: 
If I can just add something to that. If you look at the seeding cities, primarily in markets like 
Delhi, Calcutta, some other markets that are there in the seeding cities, the kind of growth that 
has been built was B2B and coming primarily from semi-specialized tests. Now I may mention 
in the competition, not only in the last year but the last many years has been primarily on the 
B2B semi-specialized space. So therefore, even though you may not see volumes often going 
down in these markets, but sometimes because of increased discounting, the revenue per patient 
in these markets may have slightly decreased. 
Versus, if you look at the focus cities. The focus cities have been primarily B2C for us. That's 
how we categorize the focus cities, right? And these markets were all brand-led very B2C-
focused. And we've actually gone much deeper and expanded our networks in B2C in these 
markets, which are Bombay, Pune, Chennai, Bangalore, Surat. And what we've done is we've 
gone more aggressive on the B2C side, which frankly has not been so impacted in the last few 
years despite all the competition. So therefore, you are generally seeing a much faster growth in 
focus and a slightly slower growth in the seeding cities. 
As we are now making some B2C headway in seeding cities, we are seeing our B2C contribution 
in the seeding cities actually increasing. So earlier where it was much, much lower. It has 
probably now come closer to 25%, 30% of contribution of B2C in the seeding cities, so maybe 
a little bit higher, which is giving us good opportunities to actually expand this area more and 
not have only focus on B2B. 
Rishi Mody: 
Okay. So just then the structural one, right? Are we changing our approach to new geographies 
because you say, right, that B2B semi-specialities, how we enter a new market, and that's always 
going to be a commoditized market. then how do we intend to geographically expand if we are 
all in already struggling on this front? 
Ameera Shah: 
See, like you said, the B2B semi-specialized again has a head and a tail. It's not that the entire 
category is commoditized. We have a lot of B2B semi-specialized business today, which is very 
profitable for us. So the issue is about whether you get into a market and like we said, 80% of 
our business traditionally comes from the head. So even that 80% of that business is stable and 
sticky. But if 20%, which is coming from your tail is churning, you are going to see slower 
growth, right? 
So the strategy now going into most of the market is focusing more and more on the head, 
focusing more and more on in the semi-specialized segment and focusing more and more on 
specialized test. So this is naturally more sticky because obviously, not everybody can do it and 
because the quality of the result is that much more important and critical for the doctor. 
So I think, the strategy going into whether the existing seeding markets or into new markets will 
be to focus on the head of semi-specialized to reduce the tail and second, to focus more on 
specialized. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Aashita Jain: from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 16 of 19 
 
Aashita Jain: 
So just two questions from my side. First is on the Mumbai market and the focus cities market. 
So you mentioned one comment that you're still going deeper in the Mumbai market and opening 
more of the touch points. So how do you think that the Mumbai and other focus cities can grow 
for us in the next two years to four years? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Can you just repeat the question? I didn't get the question, Aashita. 
Aashita Jain: 
Sir, you mentioned in your comments that you're still going deeper in the Mumbai market, and 
there's a lot of headroom in your -- even in the core regions of Mumbai, Pune and other focus 
cities. My question is, how do you think the Mumbai and other focus cities can grow for us in 
the next two years to four years? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So exactly what we have done in Mumbai is what we would like to replicate in other cities 
as well. So we are going deeper in the other cities as well. For example, Chennai, Bangalore, 
right, on some of these big cities also, we are going deeper. So -- and also the focus on the 
specialty in all these markets. So what we've done in Mumbai is exactly base -- I don't we would 
like to do this in the other big focus cities as well. 
Aashita Jain: 
So is it fair to assume that these markets will continue to grow, say in high teens, higher than 
your overall revenue growth? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. That's the fair expectation, right. 
Aashita Jain: 
Okay. And my second question is on the acquisition front. So just your thoughts on the kind of 
geographies, the size, the target company -- and has the valuation come down compared to the 
COVID time? 
Ameera Shah: 
The valuations during COVID times were based on COVID revenue and EBITDA, which 
frankly, if anybody did would have been unsustainable if you bought it on the back of that, right? 
So clearly, today, with no COVID and revenue and EBITDA, there's a far better chance of it 
being a sustainable business. 
So having said that, a large part of the unorganized market is still not completely compliant with 
best practices, etcetera. And therefore, it reduces the funnel of possible acquisitions you want to 
do, otherwise, you landed up in helping with these skeletons with closets. And many of the larger 
deals that are available, again, I would say the quality of these always available is not great. So 
here we -- we are very selective about what we buy. 
And even if that means paying a slight premium for a good quality business, we would rather do 
that than buying something cheap, which is a poor quality, and we know 30%, 40%, 50% of the 
revenue will have to go because either they don't follow good practices or things that we are not 
in line with. 
So I think we'll continue to be selective, but we definitely are building a funnel of potential 
acquisition targets. Like we said, we are looking at things which are strategically going to add 
to us either in new geographies or in new skill set. So I think once there is some more -- 
something to announce, we'll be happy to share more. But at this point, it's more general. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the line of Kaustav 
Bubna: from BMSPL Capital. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So basically, I had two questions. One was on the possible government regulations that could 
face this industry, I basically wanted to understand what could be -- I know it's a little bit of a 
futuristic question, but what could be the possible government regulations that could impact. 
This industry had -- more importantly, how could this benefit players like Metropolis, Dr. Lal, 
etcetera, the organized player, how could it benefit us? 
Because if a majority of this industry is unorganized, I would assume that certain regulations 
could actually work in advantage for organized players. So could you explain that a little bit? 
That's the first question. And the second question is basically, what is the company's philosophy 
on debt going ahead? Do we -- I mean, because there will be acquisition opportunities ahead 
going into the future and growth opportunities going future, too. 
But also, we have the potential to be a negative working capital business with more B2C 
contribution and generate cash. So I wanted to understand, do we have some goal and aspiration 
to continue being net cash I mean to be net cash and continue being net cash over the years. So 
those were the two questions. 
Ameera Shah: 
Sure. So regard of regulation, you're absolutely right I mean this regulation was to come in, I 
think it would be very advantageous to the larger players because today, we are operating in a 
completely uneven platform, as an industry, where there are some of us who are following global 
quality and some who may or may not do the test at all, right? 
So it's a uneven platform and therefore the conversations lands up -- going to things like trying 
other things, which frankly, in health care tend to be less relevant. So if regulation were to come 
in it would -- could be very beneficial to organizations like us who are already following all the 
compliances and practices. 
And actually, it would create a burden on smaller companies to now come up to a certain quality, 
which means that we would possibly see a reduction in the number of players or at least an 
increased cost in their operations, which would not then allow them to spoil the market with 
very, very poor price. So we have been obviously talking to the government for long time to say, 
look, please put some minimum standards in our industry, it's very much required. Government 
has shown a lot of intent and excitement to want to do it. But obviously, we have no control on 
any of the time lines or when and how that would happen. 
I think on your second question around debt and cash flow. So actually, starting this year, we 
are moving to a bi-annual dividend policy, unlike the last year where we're doing once-a-year 
dividend. And therefore, we have declared something right now, as Rakesh said, and we would 
probably declare a dividend at the end of the year as well. 
So we're looking to see how, one, we can continue to have a very stable, predictable dividend 
payout, which we've had for the last many years at about 35% to 40%. And we'll continue to 
that. We would then like to use our cash to obviously do these bolt-on acquisitions wherever we 
feel that they can strategically benefit Metropolis going forward. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 18 of 19 
 
See, generally, we would like to be a net cash organization where we are very efficient as far as 
our working capital, and that's the direction that we are wanting to head to. And we continue 
with net cash but having said that, if there are acquisitions that do come up that require us to 
take a conservative level of debt in a market that we know is stable. 
We are not completely closed to the idea of taking debt as we have seen with Hitech as well. But 
we are not the organization to use debt an expansion strategy on a regular basis, neither would 
we do it in any significant multiple of EBITDA. So it would be a conservative approach for us. 
But generally, we would like to be in a net cash situation. 
Moderator: 
We'll take one more question from the line of Tanmay Gandhi from Investec. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Yes. Sorry, I got disconnected for a while. So it's probably, this is repeated. So firstly, are we 
qualifying what is the impact of dengue in this quarter? 
Ameera Shah: 
Dengue for us has not been a very strong thing because dengue was mostly seen in the north of 
India, it tends to be a lot around Delhi-NCR. We don't see as much dengue -- at least we haven't 
this year or the last few years in the west of India. So it's very -- it's not a very significant number. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Understood. And just a bookkeeping question. So if we look at our NACO contribution, right? 
So if we look at what we have disclosed for the entire year in 4Q FY '23. And if we come up so 
-- and again, we have disclosed for each quarter as well. Based on that annual number minus all 
the remaining three quarters, so the ideally the base should be INR 17 crores, but this quarter, 
we have been paying INR 21 crores. So can you help us reconciling that? And is INR 21 crores 
is the correct number to look at? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes, INR 21 crores is the correct number to look at because there were two contracts which we 
had. Majorly the PPP contract, which we are talking about, which has ended last year Feb. And 
there was another small contract which was there, which was MCGM in Bombay. So these are 
major contract or one was the major one. One was a very small contract, two contracts taken 
together, the impact is INR 21 crores. 
Tanmay Gandhi: 
Okay. So INR 17 crores plus INR 4 crores is correct number to look at. Got it. That's all from 
my end. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. 
Harith Ahamed: 
I'm looking at the segmental breakup that you provided B2C, B2B and the other segment. What 
exactly is this other segment? Is it B2G, 7% of revenues for the quarter? 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So this will include your clinical trials, which we have around 2% to 3%. There is a 
corporate business of 2%, 3%, and there is some government business in. So this all including 
together, is your -- others. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And I'm also looking at the revenue per patient growth for the core business for the quarter 
at 3%. So is it correct to assume that this 3% growth is almost entirely coming from the higher 
share of premium wellness business. Just trying to understand if there is an element of price 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Metropolis Healthcare Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
Page 19 of 19 
 
increase here. Your competitors had talked about taking price increases in the last few months 
and that has reflected in their earning potential growth… 
Rakesh Agarwal: 
Yes. So basically, the increase in RPP has come through product mix, rightly, as you said, from 
a higher volume of wellness revenue and, to some extent, specialty growth. And the price 
increase is very, very marginal. As we mentioned earlier also, we had a very small marginal 
increase in price, which is contributing to around 0.7% very, insignificant percentage for the 
RPP. 
Moderator: 
As there was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to the management 
for closing comments. Over to you. 
Ameera Shah: 
Thank you, everybody, for joining us today and hearing all the experiences over the last quarter, 
and for all the questions. I just wanted to say a happy Diwali to all of you. We obviously feel 
very positive about the direction that Metropolis is heading in. Not only do we see a very robust 
substantial volume growth and RPT growth, but we do believe that H2 will be a better half for 
the year for Metropolis from a revenue and a margin perspective. 
Overall, we feel that the hump of COVID is done with. And while there was -- while it continues 
to be hump competitive intensity. But regardless of that, we believe that we are on our own track 
and our own journey and can continue to meet our targets regardless of the market. 
We have built a strong leadership team led by Suren and bunch of CXOs, and we feel very 
confident around the robustness of the processes, system and the kind of momentum and rigor 
that we are seeing happening in the market and Metropolis being seen as an aggressive player. 
And the expansion of network that we are doing across all the different towns basically will 
obviously continue to give us a lot of rewards in the years to come as we open a lot of markets 
with labs as well as the collection centers. 
As we mentioned as FY '25 -- while we continue to add all these collection centers now, that 
will become even more aggressive post FY '25 as the lab expansion part slows down. But -- we 
look forward to continuing to engage with all of you outside of these reviews, meetings as well. 
And again, happy Diwali to all of you, and best wishes to all of your families. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of Nuvama Institutional Equities, that 
concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you. 
