 
IIFL Finance Limited  
CIN No.: L67100MH1995PLC093797 
Corporate Office – 802, 8th Floor, Hub Town Solaris, N.S. Phadke Marg, Vijay Nagar, Andheri East, Mumbai 400069  
Tel: (91-22) 6788 1000 .Fax: (91-22) 6788 1010 
Regd. Office – IIFL House, Sun Infotech Park, Road No. 16V, Plot No. B-23, Thane Industrial Area, Wagle Estate, Thane – 400604  
Tel: (91-22) 41035000. Fax: (91-22) 25806654 E-mail: csteam@iifl.com Website: www.iifl.com 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
BSE Scrip Code: 532636 
The Manager, 
Listing Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai 400 051. 
NSE Symbol: IIFL 
 
Sub: - Earnings conference call transcript 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and further to our earlier 
intimation regarding the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, 
please find attached herewith transcript of the said earnings conference call which was held on 
October 19, 2023.  
 
The same is also made available on the website of the Company i.e.  
 
https://storage.googleapis.com/iifl-finance-storage/files/investor/financials/IIFLFinance%20-
%20Earnings%20call%20transcript%20-%20Q2FY24.pdf  
 
Further, we hereby confirm that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared or discussed 
during the said earnings conference call. 
 
Kindly take the same on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
For IIFL Finance Limited 
 
 
 
________________ 
Rupal Jain  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Email Id: csteam@iifl.com   
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: as above 
RUPA
L JAIN
Digitally signed 
by RUPAL JAIN 
Date: 2023.10.27 
12:48:50 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“IIFL Finance Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
October 19, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NIRMAL JAIN – MD, IIFL FINANCE LIMITED 
MR. MONU RATRA – CEO, IIFL HOME FINANCE 
LIMITED 
MR. VENKATESH N – CEO, IIFL SAMASTA FINANCE 
LIMITED  
MR. KAPISH JAIN – CFO, IIFL FINANCE LIMITED. 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to IIFL Finance Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
From the Management Team we have with us Mr. Nirmal Jain – Managing Director, IIFL 
Finance Limited, Mr. Monu Ratra – CEO, IIFL Home Finance Limited, Mr. Venkatesh N – 
CEO, IIFL Samasta Finance Limited and Mr. Kapish Jain – Chief Financial Officer, IIFL 
Finance Limited.  
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Kapish Jain. Thank you and over to you, sir.  
Kapish Jain: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for joining 
us for the 2nd Quarter Earnings Call for the Company. 
I would request Nirmal to just set the ball rolling and give a perspective on the current macro 
environment, more particularly for our businesses and his outlook on how things look like from 
the business performance in Quarter 2 and strategy going forward. Yes, Nirmal, if you can start. 
Nirmal Jain: 
Thank you, Kapish. Good afternoon, everybody. So, as we know, globally growth is slowing 
down and more steeply outside U.S and maybe few countries like India and interest rates are 
expected to remain higher for longer and in this environment, India stands out in very good shape 
and a sweet spot.  
So, all macro parameters in India show healthy trends. Inflation is in control. Growth is holding 
up. Demand for credit is strong, interest rate upward movement seems to have paused, financial 
system is robust, tech collection is buoyant, infra and capex cycle is seeing tremendous growth 
and services in general are also doing very well too.  
So, coming to IIFL: 
There is no change as such in our strategy, so we remain focused on retail lending and that to 
targeting customers underbanked and geographies under penetrated by banks. And that's why 
we make some good partners with banks for co-lending and sale of our priority sector and small 
ticket retail assets. Only one bit of change or move in our strategic direction and that is - our 
maybe the need and therefore our resolve to accelerate investment in digital technology and 
artificial intelligence or AI. 
We are poised to make some rapid strides in leveraging technological capabilities and digital 
capabilities riding on – on one hand unmatched digital infrastructure that has been created by 
the government of India and exponential growth in artificial intelligence and machine learning. 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
Our AUM crossed Rs.73,000 crores mark in this quarter and we are on track towards our guided 
AUM of Rs. 1 lakhs crores by the end of next financial year.  
ROA is close to 4% and ROE has been above 20%. Gold loans, home loans, LAP all these core 
loan assets grew by about 5% to 7% quarter-on-quarter. Digital loans grew at a faster pace on a 
small base, and similarly microfinance also witnessed a very strong growth in line with the sector 
trends.  
Interest yield has improved across asset categories, again in line with the market trend, but 
contrary to market trends, we've been able to contain and keep our cost of funds stable in fact 
bring down by 10 basis point benefiting from low-cost funding from multilateral agencies and 
National Housing Bank for refinance for affordable and housing for economically weaker 
sections.  
Also, the full impact of repayment of high-cost dollar bonds that we did last quarter, we saw in 
this quarter and our improved credibility with banks and other institutional lenders which give 
us leverage to negotiate our rates. With our time tested strong underwriting standards and 
collection process, asset quality has improved across the board again, with the exception of gold 
loan where despite reported numbers being assayed higher, the actual losses or actual risk of loss 
is very minimal.  
We are taking shareholders’ approval for capital raise anytime during next one year and enabling 
resolution to tap the capital market at appropriate time. 
With this, I hand it over to Kapish to take you through the financial numbers in greater detail. 
Thank you. 
Kapish Jain: 
Thanks a lot Nirmal. So, before we go ahead for the Q&A, I'll just give a highlight and a snapshot 
of how our performance has been for the quarter. 
So, for the quarter, IIFL Finance at a consolidated level before non-controlling minority 
adjustment was 525.5 crores, which is up 32% YoY and up 11% on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
We recorded a pre provision operating profit of around 922 crores for the quarter up by 41% 
YoY and 16% on a QoQ basis. For the quarter, our consolidated loan AUM grew by 32% to 
73,066 crores on a YoY basis it posted a growth of 32% and 7% on QoQ. 
Further dissecting the AUM - our core products of the loan AUM is driven by gold, housing 
finance and microfinance and then the growth here has been around 34% YoY and 7% QoQ 
from 69,740 which largely comprises of all our retail portfolio and currently now comprises of 
95% of our total AUM. 
As highlighted by Nirmal, our gross NPA stood at around 1.8% and which is still marginally 
lower than our guidance to the market of around 2% and our net NPA is around 1% which is 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
significantly lower and down by 58 basis point and 20 basis points respectively when compared 
to the same period last year. With the implementation of the expected credit loss under INDAS, 
the provision coverage ratio on NPA stands at around 159%.  
In continuation of our capital optimization strategy, 40% of our AUM is either assigned or under 
co-lending arrangements with financial institutions as of 30th of September 2023 and going 
forward we will see a larger share of co-lending emerging in this number like what we have 
highlighted in the previous quarters. 
The assigned loan book therefore stands at around 18,429, which is up by 19% YoY and 4% 
QoQ and more particularly the co-lending asset book crosses a critical milestone of 10,000 crores 
and stands at around 10,576, which is 125% up YoY and 18% on a QoQ basis. In spite of the 
rising interest rate scenarios in the last one year where we saw cost in MCLR and the bank repo 
rising from around 150 to 250 basis points, with more dynamic operations we could reduce our 
cost of borrowing, got a muted growth of around 40 basis point YoY and sequentially it went 
down by around 6 basis points led by some of the multilateral borrowing that we did and we also 
got a very lumpy check of borrowing that we could get from the National Housing Bank in a 
housing finance company, not to mention the high cost MTM borrowing that we paid off last 
quarter which had a full impact this quarter as well.  
From a liquidity perspective, we are fairly healthy, we stand at liquidity of around 9,000 crores, 
9,078 crores to be precise and during the quarter we raised around 5,502 crores through a mix 
of term loans, bonds and refinance and 4,288 crores was raised through direct assignments of 
loans to various banks.  
As I mentioned some of the key highlights of our borrowing this quarter has been a $50 million 
of borrowing that we did from US International Development Financial Corporation for 
financing affordable housing loans and $100 million from IFC World Bank with 50% year 
marked to promote women borrowers and 50% to a green housing under the underserved 
category and around 1,500 crores that we have already drawn from the National Housing Bank. 
We have a positive ALM whereby inflows cover exceeds and the expected outflows across all 
our buckets with the net gearing at a healthy position at around 3.3x. Our analyzed ROE for this 
quarter is around 20.1% supported by a healthy ROA of around 3.9% which moves up earnings 
per share to around 12.5 for the quarter up 25% YoY and 11% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Our capital adequacy stands form at around 20.5%, for the Housing Finance company HFC, 
supported by the capital infusion that we got, it stands at around 47.6% and Samasta is 21%.  
Our CRR is of course well above the minimum threshold requirement of 15%, clearly suggesting 
that we are able to grow ourselves without impacting hugely on the capital position through the 
on-book off-book strategy which has been holding for us well and not to mention the healthy 
internal accruals which is coming from the name which we have been able to maintain over the 
last few quarters.  

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
With this, I opened the floor for questions-and-answer, ladies and gentlemen and thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Shweta Daptardar from Elara Capital. Please go ahead. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
I have a couple of questions. One is for most of the NBFC managements I have been calling, 
have voiced out concerns on small ticket lending or personal loan segment. Mr. Jain you being 
a veteran, what are your inputs especially in light of IIFL Finance’s portfolio on the digital loan 
for finance side that’s question number one? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, I think, for personal loan, maybe the fears are not completely unfounded because there has 
been very aggressive personal loan portfolio build up by some of the new FinTechs and new 
NBFCs and banks also became aggressive, but banks probably will have more established credit 
underwriting practices. 
As far as we are concerned this is not a thrust product for growth. Our personal is more limited 
to our known customers as a cross sell, but our digital loans are more focused on MSME and 
business loans. But in personal loans while I won't have the details, but many of the Fintechs the 
new practices for underwriting that they follow can have risk and those risk manifest more in 
the down cycle and then the economic activity slows down. I'll be cautious. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
My second question spurting specifically to gold loan portfolio. So, how are the LTV, ticket size 
and customer segmentation working for us on the gold loan side, has there been any shifts given 
the current market scenario? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Not really, I think in our gold loan portfolio, the customer profile because there are millions of 
customers, they remain broadly the same. In terms of our average ticket size, there is a little 
increase, so which used to be around Rs. 70,000 last year is around Rs. 73,800 in the last quarter. 
So, I mean that is basically inflation and the increase in gold prices, but broadly the target 
customer segment remains the same. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, the first question again and I have two question one on gold loans, the other one on home 
loans both pertains to strong growth that we're seeing in both the segments, just wanted to 
understand first on gold loans, what would you attribute this strong momentum in gold loan 
growth? Is it predominantly the distribution that we have built or would you kind of attributed 
to the fact that you're also doing fair amount of co-lending in gold loans which perhaps allows 
you to offer very attractively priced gold loans to customers despite being in NBFC. So, if you 
could just help us understand that while I mean checks seem to suggest that… 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Nirmal Jain: 
I think growth in the gold loan asset  is primarily driven by one the distribution that we have 
built over the last 2-3 years and two our very customer centric and friendly practices that we 
have. I don't think that co-lending in any way helps because in fact if you really notice co-lending 
cost is higher than the cost of borrowing.  
So, that doesn't allow us to price the product cheaper and in fact, it's primarily because of the 
distribution strength that we have built. So, if you see the number of branches then the way we 
have grown over the last 2-3 years has been very significant in fact more than 50%-60% growth 
in number of branches alone.  
And still, if you look at our productivity per branch is around 8.5 crores compared to say 12 
crores of the leading player in the industry. So, I will say that the primary reason is the 
distribution that we've built over the years and then the customer goodwill that we are building 
and getting repeat business also from the customers.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And a similar question on home loans as well, different industry experts kind of seem to suggest 
that there is some slowdown that we're seeing in urban affordable housing in ticket sizes between 
15 lakhs to 25 lakhs, 15 lakhs to 30 lakhs there about some slow down being seen, different 
reasons being sighted, some of them say that there is a supply constraint which is there when the 
CLSS was withdrawn for the developer community.  
But if I kind of look at our home loan franchise, it continues to do very well, continues to grow 
from strength-to-strength. Do you think it is predominantly our business model as I understand 
it also leverages these developer APFs extensively, which most other at least listed HFCs don't. 
Do you think that is a moat that we have kind of built in our home loan franchise today which is 
helping us when there is a more of a narrative of a slowdown that we're seeing in smaller ticket 
market? 
Nirmal Jain: 
In fact, we have Monu who is the CEO of our Housing Finance Company, he is there in the call 
and then probably he can take this. 
Monu Ratra: 
So, Abhijit rightly said that we have been seeing the reports that in the metros and the hubs, there 
has been a constraint in the supply in the affordable housing, but if you look at our expansion of 
our distribution which we have done in the last about two years’ time this is playing out to offset 
any slowdown in the Tier-1 and the metros. 
The contribution of our, which we call as expansion branches, as a percentage of the overall 
monthly disbursement has increased. So, whatever marginal slowdown we are seeing which is 
absolutely correct, we have been able to offset by the distribution. Currently we are in present 
in about 370 plus locations, so Abhijit that is offsetting it.  
Secondly, as far as the APF thing is concerned, yes, we have decent relationships which continue 
to thrive, but majorly this growth continues because of our expansion branches which we have 
worked on for the last two years and we hope to see, carry that momentum forward. 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And just in the interest of time one last question sir, I mean, when I look at Samasta obviously 
growing at a very, very strong clip, I mean, do you think going forward, you’ll kind of look to 
slow down here or are we still looking at close to 50% kind of a YoY growth for the next two 
years? 
Nirmal Jain: 
I think maybe for a year or two it may continue at that pace. In fact, in COVID things have 
slowed down. So, there was a bit of catching up with the natural trend line, but as the base 
becomes larger, the growth will slow down in percentage terms. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Anusha Raheja from Dalal & Broacha. Please go 
ahead. 
Anusha Raheja: 
Firstly, you said that you might require capital over the next one-year time, so that is for the 
subsidiaries or for the parent company? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, the approval that we have taken is for the parent company and in the subsidiary we can, like 
in Housing Finance we have raised private equity, so, we have both the options available, we 
can actually raise capital either in parent or microfinance and or both, but that way in terms of 
our gearing, in terms of our capital adequacy we are fairly comfortable.  
So, we’ll have to wait for the opportune time otherwise we can wait to we don’t have any 
pressure to raise capital in terms of requirement of capital for growth. We can grow with the 
current capital as well. 
Anusha Raheja: 
So, the requirement is more specifically from I mean for the parent and for MFI because I think 
Housing Finance…. 
Nirmal Jain: 
We raised capital from ADIA and still our capital adequacy is very high is around 40% 45% or 
so. So, that’s more than adequate for the next few years. 
Anusha Raheja: 
And secondly on the gold loan NPL if I will see there is a sequential rise there to 1.2% odd 
levels. So, what explains that? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, gold loan in fact gold jewelry and ornaments are emotional assets of the customer and we 
generally are little careful before we just put them into auction or say even when the NPA and 
the customers are regular sometimes if the gold prices have fallen, customer may take some 
time. So, we just put up with that. But historically if you see the loss given default in this asset 
class has been minimal or negligible and I think it’s a festive season in this quarter and many 
people released the jewelry. So, I mean it’s a small temporary aberration, but I don’t see any risk 
in terms of the product class. 
Anusha Raheja: 
And what was the NHB borrowing during the quarter I missed on to that number? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, what we are saying is that if you look at our cost of funding on an average has come down 
by 10 basis point in the quarter and primarily because we get a low cost funding for our 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
affordable housing and the economically weaker section housing finance that we do. So, there’s 
a refinance from National Housing Bank, NHB where the interest rate depends on what kind of 
customers we are lending to. So, that has been at a lower rate and similarly we got some funding 
which is at a concessional rate from multilateral agencies. So, that has basically helped us control 
the cost of funds. 
Anusha Raheja: 
So, far I think this quarter we have managed the margins quite well I mean compared to other 
NBFCs where they are facing the margin contraction. What is the outlook over the next two 
quarters, how do we see margins panning out? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Actually, we have focused only on primarily four which are mortgages, MSME lending and gold 
loans and microfinance. So, in all these and affordable housing, affordable home loans are 
significant part of mortgages. We have the pricing power in the sense that the market is not so 
sensitive to interest rates, and we are typically able to pass on the increase in interest rate that 
happens systemically.  
And on the other hand, in the last few years, we have been able to improve our financial position, 
our credibility through the cycle and also the high-cost dollar bonds that we had which were 
raised during the times of COVID we have repaid. So, going forward I think we should be able 
to maintain our margins. Our NIM will remain at around 7.5% or thereabout. 
Anusha Raheja: 
And just lastly on the growth side so far we have seen quite strong growth across segments like 
home loan, gold loans and on the MFI side, see over the next one to two years are you seeing on 
the ground level any slowdown in any of the segments or whether growth is a concern or you 
would prefer to grow at a slower rates or you feel that the current momentum can continue? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, as of now the demand for credit is very strong and India is still a grossly under penetrated 
market in terms of credit to small businesses as well as the retail customers. So, at this point in 
time, I think the momentum for credit demand is strong and the growth trajectory will continue.  
Having said this, I will caution on couple of things if the economic activity slows down or if you 
see some significant pressure on the interest rate which can happen for multiple reasons, then 
one has to be cautious for that, but other than that if the economy remains strong the way it is 
today then I don't see any slowdown in the demand. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Renish from ICICI Bank. Please go ahead. 
Renish: 
Sir, just two questions. One is only your IIFL standalone profitability. So, if we look at the cost 
of FY24 ROE, ROA or in fact in the absolute PAT number that is being far lower than what we 
have reported in FY22 and FY23, so what expense that profitability hit in first half sir? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, in standalone one is that you would have noticed that we have moved significantly from 
direct assignment where the excess income or excess interest used to be capitalized to co-lending 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
and if you see our co-lending book has the cross 10,000 crores milestone in this quarter, which 
is very significant.  
So, I think when you compare the last year there is a significant component of upfronted 
assignment income and on the other hand co-lending book as it keeps building up you see the 
co-lending interest income also keeps growing. 
Renish: 
So, is it fair to assume that let us say the shift from a direct assignment to co-lending is actually 
hitting the profitability at a standalone entity level? 
Nirmal Jain: 
See another thing that happens in a direct assignment many a times if the assets get repaid faster, 
then obviously you have to take the upfronted income as a reversal also, but we are saying is 
right that primary reason is that co-lending is basically taking over. So, it is the transition phase 
and secondly because of Digital Finance and one account is in CRE being restructured, the 
provisions are higher. 
Renish: 
And sir secondly at the entity level if you look at non-fund-based income this quarter has actually 
gone up by 23% sequentially, but when we look at the incremental assigned plus co-lending pool 
that remains static at around 2,000 odd crores. So, what explains that I mean it is fair to assume 
that because of the higher interest income of the assigned portfolio the spread on the assigned 
pool might have gone up this quarter? 
Nirmal Jain: 
See what is assigned income growth. The assigned book also has I mean has grown slowly, but 
there's still a growth, but income from assigned assets -- you are saying quarter-on-quarter or 
YoY you are saying. 
Renish: 
Quarter sir. 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, banks basically have a reset based on the MCLR. Just give me one minute. This quarter we 
had an assignment in Samasta normally we had not assigned earlier, but there was a loan 
assignment of Samasta this quarter. So, what is happening still the co-lending, I mean most 
clients are not willing, but we are able to assign the assets.  
Renish: 
So, basically this quarter we might have assigned higher under Samasta which is a higher lending 
book that’s why there is a high non fund-based income, is that right? 
Nirmal Jain: 
That’s right. So, in the Samasta I think assignment will continue.  
Renish: 
And sir just last thing at the console level what should be the AUM growth over next couple of 
years we are factoring in? 
Nirmal Jain: 
25% is what we have guided, and I think we should achieve that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from HSBC. Please go ahead. 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Abhishek: 
So, just a few questions first on MFI when I look at the gross Stage-3 assets they have not gone 
up, but the credit cost has gone up sequentially, so have there been any write off because of 
which the credit cost is higher? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Yes, there has been some write off in Samasta? 
Abhishek: 
Can you quantify how much it was this quarter versus last quarter? 
Nirmal Jain: 
No, the provision has grown up because as the book grow Stage-1, Stage-2 also has gone up and 
the write off are 98 crores this quarter vis-a-vis 88 crores last quarter in Samasta, but the 
provision that you are seeing because when the book grows your Stage-1, Stage-2 provision also 
grow significantly. So, I think that’s why my provisions are high, but there is a write off increase 
of 10 crores also. 
Abhishek: 
And when I look at the yields the data that you have given on the yield in gold loan the portfolio 
yield has gone up, I think by about 1% in the quarter. So, I mean, can it be so sharp in just one 
quarter or does this have any kind of one off? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Actually, the gold loan portfolio churns very fast. The average life is 90 days, 120 days also and 
gold loan yield has started improving from quarter before last. So, maybe we are seeing impact 
in this quarter. See another thing that happens, and this is the average book is little different from 
the quarter end book. Now I don’t have those numbers with me, but when we reconcile that 
average book then probably that will explain the story better. 
Abhishek: 
So, this yield is based on the average book? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, what happens, the yield that give in the financial results is based on the quarter end. Yield 
has gone up as in the market the competition has eased. In gold loan the impact can be quicker 
compared to the other asset classes where the assets are much longer term like home loan, but 
in the gold loan yield can move very fast.  
Abhishek: 
So, the yield hike was taken when in gold loans? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Actually, we started taking from April because in the last year in the last two quarters there was 
very intense competition from banks and from NBFC. So, this year this financial year from April 
we started taking, I mean, we got back to the normal rates of interest, and we had quite a few 
teaser schemes and a low interest scheme that we withdrew in most of the places.  
Abhishek: 
And can you share that tonnage for gold loans for this quarter and last quarter maybe? 
Nirmal Jain: 
There is a 6% tonnage growth, it’s 63 tonnes now. 
Abhishek: 
One last question on cost of borrowing, actually two things. One when do we see this cost of 
borrowing start showing the upper trend because the market rates are stiffer you would have 
some back book repricing. So, when does it start moving up? 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Nirmal Jain: 
I think we should be able to maintain this at 9%. My personal view is that the interest rates in 
India at least have paused, and they peaked out. I mean they may not fall, but they might remain 
at these levels. In that situation, I think we should be able to maintain at the current level 10 
basis point here and there it can move around, but not beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
See first question is on the operating expenses line, if I really look at your loan growth you have 
been growing fastest in microfinance and probably followed by gold loans. Now both these 
businesses have lower tickets and, in that sense, tend to be sort of slightly more OPEX intensive 
and probably home loans and the wholesale business have lowest OPEX, but I think despite that 
your OPEX growth is lower than the loan growth. So, you seem to be kind of getting some 
benefit somewhere, so just trying to understand what's happening here? 
Nirmal Jain: 
We have slowed down the growth in our branches. So, a significant part of OPEX comes when 
we are setting up new branches. So, if you really look at, we are driving our growth by making 
our existing branches more productive and taking the productivity of a branch up as much as 
possible and also with our digital loan business is primarily end-to-end digital and there the 
manpower requirement is lower.  
So, in fact, OPEX is still at a much higher level, and we have maybe room for savings over the 
next few quarters. In terms of OPEX or a cost-to-income ratio because as I said that if you look 
at our gold loan branch productivity 8-8.5 crores there is a leading player is at 12 crores and that 
is a very significant difference.  
So, if we keep the branches on track whatever we have. So, the same set of people, same set of 
branches, if they can originate more assets and build up then our OPEX should come down. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
But microfinance, I mean, practically, I guess the geographies would be different so you can't 
share branches gold loan again sort of? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Even in microfinance we have 1,100-1,200 branches so that network was also expanded in the 
recent times. So, if you look at our manpower cost from the quarter-to-quarter basis, that has 
gone up from 380 to 415. Operating cost has gone up by 7% in the quarter, which is very 
significant and that is primarily because we are expanding the microfinance network. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The other expenses which is ex of employees and depreciation it's up around 15% which is like 
less than half the overall loan growth. So, that's I think where my question was? 
Nirmal Jain: 
No, that is basically because the new branches are not being set up, but the existing branches we 
add people. So, the new branch addition has been very minimal.  

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the digital loan side I mean this is small businesses but growing very rapidly. So, what is the 
tenure of these loans? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Now tenure of these loan varies from 6 months to 2 years typically. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
NPL in this book and I think the ratios may not be very accurate representation because it has 
been growing very fast, but over the last 6 months the NPA in this book has grown by almost 
like 25%. So, and I would believe that 6 months lag ratio, the fair ratio to look at given the fact 
that probably somebody may not default in three months, and we have a three-month NPL before 
that. So, are you worried, are you seeing, and you've been growing very fast. So, are you are 
kind of seeing any concerning clients because of which you would slow down, it's a small 
proportion of the book, so it matters less, but nevertheless it's a very fast growing? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, if you see our Stage-3 provision and this is 73%. So, our strategy here is that the risk is priced 
in because these interest rates are also higher on these kind of loans and we are prepared that 
through the cycles and as books mature they can be higher losses. So, we want to keep 
aggressively providing for it, but even risk adjusted return is quite attractive. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Your sense is that you would continue to grow this rapidly? 
Nirmal Jain: 
We will continue to grow, at this base, it will grow faster. When the base becomes larger, the 
growth will slow down and the GNPA, NNPA in this book will be higher than the rest of our 
other loan books and that will be priced as we go to the customer. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
There are no partnerships in this? 
Nirmal Jain: 
No, we have partnerships to source. We have a few partnerships, but a significant part of business 
is organic. So, we do have partnerships including Airtel and GPay and others also, but by and 
large businesses. So, our primary partnership, so our focus for growth is to have digital 
partnerships where we can get lead and we pay a fee, but we do underwriting and we take the 
risk. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
So sourcing is done by a partner and that is kind of picked up by you it’s something that you just 
pay and pass on the… 
Nirmal Jain: 
What happens in partnership model is that okay there are one or two small partnerships which 
is in FLDG, but there normally your interest rate in your income is also capped. So, many of the 
players that have done partnership might give you 15%-16% and then a bit of a first loss, but 
our primary strategy is that we want to have full access to data. So, we do underwriting, we keep 
learning and we have full control on the credit quality as well as whom we are lending to. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
See on the yield side your home loan yield is marginally down on a sequential basis and is there 
anything that that you should be reading? 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Monu Ratra: 
This is a very marginal change I think if you just look at it pretty marginal change and it’s 
primarily to do that how where we are playing out how the areas are panning out. So, there is 
nothing very significant in the yield change if you see rather the portfolio yield shade gone up 
only. 
Nirmal Jain: 
It’s 11.2% to 11% in the quarter over quarter, but this 11.2 was also bit on the higher side because 
historically it has been 10%-10.5%. So, it will be little bit of tapering off this quarter. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Bad rates in any cohorts or is it just competition that is driving this? 
Monu Ratra: 
There is nothing in the cohorts, but it's just the competition which is played out a bit. 
Nirmal Jain: 
This is a competitive segment to be in otherwise overall still overall I think 11% is pretty much 
okay in line with our strategy. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
Just on the LAP side interestingly the trend is very different your pricing cost seems to be pretty 
strong although so is it something that it's a very different segment. I guess the ticket size, I 
mean, how should one really think of it because I think that was also a reasonably competitive 
segment? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, for the last about two years like primarily earlier, we've been focusing on LAP only in our 
hub places, but as we have had experience of expansion in branches. So, we for the last two 
years we are doing a bit of LAP business in our expansion branches where the expected yields 
are better than the hub locations which is a very competitive market if you try to give LAP loans 
in the Tier-1 and the metros. So, the one which we are able to source through the smaller towns, 
we have better yields. 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, they're in line with the industry, so even the competition are at similar yields, and the primary 
reason is that this business has significant operating cost as well and is not in terms of the 
physical collection of the installment as well as processing and smaller locations for a small 
ticket LAP of Rs. 4 / 5 / 7 / 8 lakhs, the cost of title valuation everything is significant. So, the 
industry rates are also higher because there's the cost structure of this segment of business as 
well. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
You know on the microfinance side there have been some concerns in the industry that 
delinquent customers tend to get refinanced by basically get refinanced by finance company. So, 
they move from one company to the other. So, I think in this regard what is the policy that you 
follow? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Actually, all the customers data in microfinance is reported to the bureau. So, this is not very 
likely, but Venkatesh you are there on call. 
Venkatesh N: 
Yes, with aspect to the policy in terms of our lending, we don't lend to any customer who's more 
than 30 DPD and who's got an outstanding of more than 4,000. See couple of companies don't 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
report the credit bureau on a very daily basis. So, we give them a levy of 4000 maximum, which 
could be one EMI in some ticket sizes. So, ours is very restricted into that we don't give to any 
customer more than 30 DPD.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
Period, which means that if the customer has been an NPA comes out of NPA, you would lend 
him after a particular period or something of that sort? 
Venkatesh N: 
No, customer is not in an NPA. I'm talking about regular customer.  
Nischint Chawathe: 
That that's right. But I'm saying that customers who sort of come out of an NPA, is there a cool 
off period for re-disbursement? 
Venkatesh N: 
Yes, that naturally applies. We also look at the credit bureau, we have a track record of the 
customer and she's coming out of the NPA we definitely will not lend. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Deepak Poddar from Sapphire Capital. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Poddar: 
My question revolves around your ROAs, I mean, now this quarter also we have seen a very 
good growth and accordingly ROAs is 3.9%, but what sort of sustainable or steady state or 
aspirational ROA as a business we are looking at going forward now considering also because 
you told that your co-lending share will increase so the that will be ROA accretive that’s what I 
presume so some color on it would be helpful? 
Kapish Jain: 
So, if I can just pitch in as Nirmal mentioned in spite of the rising interest rate scenario, we have 
been able to pass on our rate hike to our borrowers, our spread across quarters have actually 
moved up. We have done our investments regard to branch expansions, which means that they 
wouldn't be any more incremental investments coming in to meet the growth targets from our 
operating expenses perspective.  
All these attributes should help us in maintaining our overall NIMs and with better optimization 
on our cost, we believe that we should be able to maintain our ROAs in the range which could 
be between 3.7 to 3.9 touching towards 4. So, we believe that we should be able to maintain our 
ROA at the levels where they are today and there could be some more sweet spots as well there, 
yes. 
Deepak Poddar: 
My second question is on your credit cost. I think ideally that could also help your ROA because 
ideally your credit cost in the range of 2.25% to 2.5% is little on the higher side, right? I mean 
considering the kind of rates. 
Nirmal Jain: 
Yes, it should be, on the more longer-term steady state basis, should be within 2%. 
Deepak Poddar: 
I mean why not below 1.5% by 1% higher? 
Nirmal Jain: 
That’s right. 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Deepak Poddar: 
I was trying to understand why it can’t be below 1% I mean because of the MFI business that 
you expect? 
Nirmal Jain: 
I will tell you what over a period of time. So, microfinance business historically prior to Covid 
used to have much lower NPA, but now in most of the industry we will expect longer term credit 
cost in microfinance business to be around 2% or so. Similarly, in digital loans it can be little 
higher than 2% also.  
And what you're saying is right that is if you look at home loan and gold loan should be much 
lesser, but I think as things stabilize over a period of time, then again it depends on the relative 
share of the unsecured loans and microfinance and digital loan, but it can be lower, it should be 
lower, if not 1 at least maybe closer to 1.5. 
Deepak Poddar: 
Yes because that straight away adds 0.75% to your ROA, right? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Yes, it should.  
Deepak Poddar: 
So, trajectory which is at 3.5% to 4% can inch towards 4.5% if our credit cost comes below or 
closer to that 1% mark? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Yes, that is there, but at the same time Deepak there will be little competitive pressure on the 
margins also over a period of time, I mean what you are saying in one scenario it can happen 
and at least the credit cost should go down and that should straightaway add to the ROA, but 
there will be many other variables and there are many other moving parts. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Prakriti Banka from HSBC Mutual Fund. Please 
go ahead. 
Prakriti Banka: 
Just one question I don’t know if you already answered that, but how did you manage your yield 
in the gold loan book in this quarter? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Gold loan yield across industry I think would have improved because last year Quarter 3 and 
Quarter 4 there was sort of intense price war kind of a thing because some people started teaser 
and larger players started following up. Many banks also got into this with a lower rate of 
interest, but I think many banks also now discover that if they do the separate profit and loss 
account for gold loan then the operating cost is much higher.  
So, it is not something which is because you are doing a Rs. 50,000, Rs. 60,000 loans for a 
shorter tenure then the cost is higher. So, I think it is actually the yield that is going back to the 
earlier level; it’s getting normalized, in between there was an aberration when the yield came 
down.  
Prakriti Banka: 
So, do you think there is still some scope for this to go up further? 
Nirmal Jain: 
No, I think they will remain at these levels.  

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Prakriti Banka: 
Because even I thought by Q1 itself, things were sort of normalized, which is when you were at 
17.5 and in this quarter, it's showing even higher than that? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Yes, impact comes actually with the lag of one or two quarters actually because as earlier loans 
get repaid because they are at a contracted rate which can be lower. So, it always spreads out 
over a couple of quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jigar Jani from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Jigar Jani: 
I just wanted to touch on the fundraising, although it's only an enabling provision. Now, 
considering we are moving largely off book which is co-lending and DA at 40% is what we are 
at, I think for that book and we are guiding for 25% growth, I think then 60% of the 25% only 
needs to be funded through internal accruals or equity because even if I consider the co-lending 
portion of 20% probably, it should be at 17% or 18% and we are already making kind of 20% 
ROE overall and we are expecting ROAs to remain stable. So, would this additional equity of 
3,000 crores be a drag on your ROEs whereas you can easily fund your estimated growth of 25% 
through internal accruals itself considering we are moving more and more off book? 
Nirmal Jain: 
It’s a good question and so if you don’t do this then probably the ROE can move up further as 
our profit keeps adding to the pool. But as we are in a finance business where, from a rating 
agency point of view from the banks that are partnering with you they also want to see a balance 
sheet becoming stronger as your total assets grow. I mean it's not necessary that we raise 3000 
crores, we said up to 3000 crores.  
But whatever equity addition happens, which can be to our networth 20%, 30%; which maybe 
in next 12 months to 18 months, we can catch up in terms of ROE and that will also help us grow 
a little faster than what we've been growing till now. 
Jigar Jani: 
So, there might be a chance that your growth trajectory might move higher post the equity fund 
rate and any plans to go inorganic in terms of growth for this fundraise? 
Nirmal Jain: 
We are open to opportunity, but there is in nothing in the pipeline, but yes, if there are good 
opportunities we can always look at them. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Adarsh from Enam Holdings. Please go ahead. 
Adarsh: 
Sir, broadly if you can break up the assignment assets in the categories and same for the 
colending and can you explain the economics for both these books both for you and for your 
partner? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, assigned assets we had 18,429 crores as on Q2 FY24 and co-lending is 10,576 crores. Most 
of these will be home loans and gold loans, but if you want a breakup, just give me a minute. 
 
 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, roughly 7,500 is mortgage assets, 8,900 or so in gold and the remaining is microfinance in 
the assigned book and the co-lending book again primarily is gold, LAP and housing.  
Adarsh: 
Just from a co-lending book can you just explain the economics like how did it work for you and 
for the LAP? 
Nirmal Jain: 
For every product like LAP, home loan and gold loan, the interest which banks will retain is 
negotiated separately, also based on the credit policy in the region and the geographies that we 
do. So, supposing I'm doing the gold loan I would say 16% and I agree with bank as there let's 
say 9.5 then what happens at every quarter whatever interest is accrued that comes into the 
escrow account 9.5 goes to them and the remaining comes to us. So, that is about co-lending. In 
case of assignments, we take the total income, make an NPV based on the probability of that 
income accruing, reduce the cost of servicing from that and that is upfronted. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, again going back to the personal loans again you yourself said that you will kind of remain 
cautious in personal loans, while given the small base I take an opportunity to grow strongly 
even from current levels, just kind of trying to understand why the risk adjusted return have at 
least at an industry level there have been discussions happening around small ticket personal 
loans where the ticket size is less than Rs. 50,000. Have you had a chance to see what proportion 
of your customers or what proportion of your digital loans have ticket sizes below 50,000? 
Nirmal Jain: 
Personal loan is happening in all sizes like the BNPL Rs.5,000, 10,000, 3,000, 20,000 all kind 
of things. So, we’ll have a reasonably good number of our loans less than Rs.50,000, but 
primarily our loans are to self-employed professionals or the small shopkeepers, businessmen 
and the micro enterprises.  
Another thing is that even personal loan as a category as an asset class, we can't paint it with one 
brush there are many banks they are doing smartly and very cautiously. So, when I said my 
worry is more about the new players there, they are still moving up on the learning curve in 
terms of credit underwriting and they are trying to achieve aggressive growth. So, there's a class 
of lenders or the segment of customers that they're targeting is more risky and the market is very 
big and the type of loan that you know get categorized as personal again is of very wide variety.  
But in our case mostly now our focus, there can be a small part of it as a personal loan. 
Sometimes people like sole proprietor, they run the entire thing through their personal accounts. 
So, it becomes the blurred line between personal and business loan. But our focus for growth is 
more on MSME and business loans. I think the credit risk is different when people are borrowing 
for consumption and people are borrowing for business or income generating activity.  
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
Sir, just one follow up here I mean have you seen any divergence in terms of delinquency 
collection and asset quality when it comes to MSME business loans originated organically versus 

 
IIFL Finance Limited 
October 19,2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
once originated through partnerships, any divergences in collections, asset quality between 
organic sourcing and one originated through partnerships? 
Nirmal Jain: 
So, we have multiple partners, and our experiences have been different. So, I can't reveal the 
names, but some of the partners that we experienced were not good. Then we realized that the 
profile that they target is different, so we slowed down or discontinued that partnership, but it 
varies across because the whole segment is so heterogeneous and it's so wide, it's very difficult 
to bracket, but you are right that our experience with different partners has been different, and 
we keep taking corrective actions where our experience is not good. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: 
And just one last question while taking an enabling resolution for equity inclusion, your 
subsidiary Samasta as well there are you kind of looking to bring a strategic investor on board 
or is it more like the parent infusing capital into the microfinance etcetera? 
Nirmal Jain: 
It is not strategy, but we can get a private investor or parent can infuse. So, either way, we have 
to see what kind of opportunities or what kind of investors we have, and we take a call on that 
so it's like open. There's nothing which has been not done till now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vidhi an Analyst. Please go ahead. 
Vidhi: 
Sir I just wanted to ask today our branch count is 4,596 versus 3,700 last year. So, when do these 
branches start contributing at the operating level and how much time does it take to breakeven? 
Nirmal Jain: 
In microfinance when the branches grow above particular size it is splitted. So, the cost structure 
microfinance is much lower compared to say gold loan where we need to put a vault, IT, camera, 
security and everything. So, typically, I would say 80% to 90% of our branches breakeven 
between 18 months to 24 months. There will always be some exceptions which take little longer 
and some exceptions which can be much quicker. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Sir, we don’t have anyone in the question queue. 
Kapish Jain: 
Thank you very much ladies and gentlemen. It was quite an intriguing session and in case you 
have any further questions, you can drop an e-mail at ir@iifl.com and we'll be happy to connect 
and give you any further detail that you might be looking for and let's stay connected. Thank 
you very much. 
Nirmal Jain: 
Thanks everybody and season greetings for the festive season to everybody. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. Thank you, everyone. On behalf of IIFL Finance Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank 
you. 
