DLF LIMITED 
DLF Gateway Tower, R Block,  
DLF City Phase – III, Gurugram – 122 002,  
Haryana (India)        
Tel.: (+91-124) 4396000, investor-relations@dlf.in 
Regd. Office: DLF Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor, Arjun Marg, DLF City, Phase-I, Gurugram -122 002, Haryana (India) 
CIN: L70101HR1963PLC002484; Website: www.dlf.in
4th November 2023 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Vice-President 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings webcast.  
Requisite details regarding the earnings webcast are as under: 
S. No.
Particulars 
Details 
1 
Date of Earnings Call 
31st October 2023 
2 
List of management 
attendees 
-
Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – Managing Director, DLF 
Limited
-
Mr. Vivek Anand – Group Chief Financial Officer, DLF 
Limited
-
Mr. Sriram Khattar – Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Rental Business, DLF Limited
-
Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business Officer and Joint
Managing Director – DLF Home Developers Limited
3 
Web-link 
of 
the 
Transcript 
https://www.dlf.in/qu-result/DLF-Earnings-31Oct-2023_Final.pdf 
This is for your kind information and record please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For DLF Limited 
R. P. Punjani   
Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
For Stock Exchange’s clarifications, please contact:  
Mr. R. P. Punjani - 09810655115/ punjani-rp@dlf.in  
Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha - 09810988710/ sinha-amit@dlf.in 
Ram 
Parkash 
Punjani
Digitally signed by 
Ram Parkash 
Punjani 
Date: 2023.11.04 
21:50:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“DLF Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK KUMAR TYAGI –MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
DLF LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK ANAND – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DLF LIMITED 
 
MR. SRIRAM KHATTAR – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR -RENTAL BUSINESS – DLF 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AAKASH OHRI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER AND 
JOINT 
MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
– 
DLF 
HOME 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to DLF Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call. We have with us today on the call Mr. Ashok Tyagi Whole-Time Director and Managing 
Director, DLF Limited; Mr. Vivek Anand, Group CFO; Mr. Sriram Khattar, Vice Chairman and 
MD, Rental Business; Mr. Aakash Ohri, Joint Managing Director and Chief Business Officer. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Anand. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you. Good evening, and welcome to DLF Limited Quarter 2 Financial Year '24 Earnings 
Webcast. Thank you for joining us today. We are happy to announce that our business delivered 
a strong performance across parameters. I will start with the financial highlights for quarter 2 
financial year '24 DLF Limited consolidated. 
The consolidated revenue stood at INR1,476 crores, gross margin at 57%, EBITDA stood at 
INR591 crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 19%. Net profit at INR629 crores, reflecting 
year-on-year growth of 29%. Record surplus cash generation from operations at INR1,147 
crores. 
New sales bookings for the quarter stood at INR2,228 crores, in line with our guidance. Our new 
products and existing inventory continue to even strong consumer interest. Our super luxury 
offerings, the Camellias and DLF 5 Gurgaon saw healthy demand during the quarter and 
continues to set new benchmarks, indicating strong demand for high-quality residential products 
backed by a strong brand. We continue to see sustained demand momentum across all segments 
and hence, keep a positive outlook on the housing cycle. 
Our new product launches that have been planned for the second half of the fiscal remains on 
track, and we remain committed to bringing calibrated supply across our key markets and 
leverage this growth cycle. 
Collections continue to remain healthy, resulting in record cash flow generation during the 
quarter. Consequently, post dividend payout of INR990 crores, we achieved a net cash position 
of INR142 crores at the end of the second quarter. We have, therefore, delivered on our 
commitment to achieving a net debt zero position. We'll continue to further strengthen our 
balance sheet through consistent cash generation. 
I'll now move to the financial highlights for quarter 2 financial year '24 DLF Cyber City 
Developers Limited consolidated results. Rental income grew to INR1,069 crores, year-on-year 
growth 9%. Consolidated revenue of INR1,463 crores, reflecting a 7% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA stood at INR1,109 crores, a year-on-year growth of 6%. And a net profit INR416 
crores, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 17%. Our office occupancy improved to 91% at the 
end of the quarter versus 88% in the previous quarter. Occupancy across the non-SEZ segment 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
has reached back to 97%, demonstrating the high-quality and inherent demand for such products, 
while SEZ occupancy stood at 85%. 
Our new office developments continue to garner occupier interest, and consequently have 
achieved a pre-leasing of 89% across our 2 new office complexes, DLF Downtown in Gurugram 
and Chennai. Retail business continues its growth trajectory and our progress towards expanding 
our retail offering stays on track. We expect construction of a large retail complex in Gurugram 
to start during the fiscal. 
I'm happy to share that U.S. Green Building Council recognized the sustainability achievements 
and commitments of our rental business at the Greenbuilding International Conference and Expo 
held in Washington, D.C., U.S.A. and recognize the business as a whole -- as a world leader in 
LEED Zero Certification and LEED for existing building platinum-certified space. 
This recognition is a testament to DLF commitment towards sustainability and adoption of green 
building practices in the country. We strongly believe that our healthy pipeline of new products, 
along with the resilient, as well as a steadily growing rental portfolio, will result in delivering 
consistent and profitable growth across our businesses. 
I will now like to hand over to Sriram to say a few words, right? Before we open this to Q&A 
session. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Thanks, Vivek. It gives me a lot of pleasure to share with all of you that the U.S. Green Business 
Council at the annual expo recognized DCCDL and DLF as world leaders in sustainability. And 
I'll just read out parts of the felicitation that they did there. It says DLF has become the worldwide 
leader in both LEED zero certifications and LEED for existing buildings platinum-certified 
spaces, which are extraordinary achievements. It also goes on to say that as the largest public 
listed real estate company in India, your actions and leaderships are influential and inspirational. 
You are setting a standard for sustainability, excellence to which others may aspire. 
I am honoured to recognize you're creating a sustainable build environment in the Greenbuild 
International Conference and Expo. U.S. Green Business Council could not be prouder to work 
with a global partner like DLF, leading the transformation and LEED generation of the build 
environment across India and throughout the world. I think this was an extraordinary 
achievement for us recognized by the highest body in sustainability in the world. 
And we continue on our journey on this. We have got the LEED zero for waste certification for 
our Cyber City in Hyderabad, and now we are replicating it across all our projects. And this is 
in line with our long-term goals of being leaders. Definitely in India and preferably across the 
globe in sustainability. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Thank you, Vivek. Back to you. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thanks Sriram. Thank you. Yes, we can open it up for Q&A now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question, may press star and one on their touch tone telephone. If you wish to remove 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
yourself from question queue, you may press star and 2. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will wait for 
a while till the question queue assembled. Our first question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar 
from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir congratulations, Team DLF for achieving this positive net cash after guiding for almost 7 
years. So seems to be a similar quarter for you guys. So I had a few questions. So 1 is, on 
Camellias, Aakash, so 14 apartments for INR712 crores. So fair to say that the pricing has now 
gone to INR70,000 crores, INR75,000 crores, if I just kind of do some back calculation on this 
unit sales? So that's the first one. 
The second is on your cash flow. So our construction spends are still relatively low. Now as your 
construction spends kind of move to the -- and you have 30 million square feet under 
construction, so your construction spend maybe ramp up to maybe INR2,000- crores, INR2,500 
crores a year, would you think that your cash flow is now we set still to this INR1100 crores-
INR1200 crores that you are kind of generating right now? Or is this, in some sense, be cash 
flow what we're seeing? 
The third is essentially just on your debt. Sir, what's the logic of keeping INR3,000 crores of 
debt and then INR3,200 crores of cash on balance sheet, that I could not finally figure out? And 
lastly, one for Mr. Khattar. So it seems to me basis your presentation, you don't have any space 
available for marketing in the non-SEZ space in this DCCDL whereas you may have some 
vacancies SEZ, but the non-SEZ space is not available. So what are your thoughts in terms of 
getting that space to market because that's where the demand seems to be? So these are few ones. 
Aakash Ohri: 
Okay. So thanks, Saurabh. So in Camellias, we are above the INR75,000,  you're right, mark. 
And now, as you know, we've got the last few to go. But I'm sure you would have read the 
Economic Times article. So very happy for Gurgaon to have reached that INR100 crore mark 
for one apartment. And I think that is something that is obviously everybody is quite excited 
about. 
 
So yes, Camellias is upwards of the number that you mentioned. So what you actually mentioned 
was the previous pricing and then it's gone up further. It's closer to what was being reported. 
And the only difference being that we have a price difference between lower, mid- and high 
floors. So that's where we are with Camellias. And I think we've been part of this journey, so 
where we started to where we are. 
And thankfully, there is -- it's backed by not just speculation, it's backed by solid demand, and 
therefore, the new Super luxury product that we were talking about earlier also, where we have 
-- we've also mentioned about it in our guidance. So based on the services, operations, strong 
demand, I'm happy to also mention to you that, today, Camellias has become the benchmark for 
the country and very proudly so. 
So not only here, but anywhere in the world, when real estate is mentioned, I think Camellias 
today is being deferred as an India product. So I think that is a bigger satisfaction than just 
reaching INR100 crore mark. So yes, that's where we are, Saurabh. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes. Saurabh, on the construction spend, first of all, last year, our total spend and annual spends 
were close to INR1,200 crores. First half, we spent INR650 crores and the second half, our 
estimate is we'll be spending close to INR1,000 crores. So on an annualized basis, we'll be 
spending around INR1,700 crores. Second half, we expect to start giving possessions for a large 
part of our floors. So that will increase our spending, plus the Arbour project pace is going to 
pick up in the second half. 
So there will be a large part of outflow coming up in the second half. The second part of your 
question was cash flow from operations. Yes, in the first half, we have achieved cash flow from 
operations of INR2,000 crores. And if you remember, the guidance I had given was upwards of 
INR3,000 crores on an annualized basis. So yes, considering our performance in the first half, I 
see an upside in our cash flow operations on a full year basis. 
Then your other part of the question was what is the logic of keeping INR3,000 crores of gross 
debt when we have a cash of INR3,165 crores. Just to remind you that out of INR3,165 crores 
of cash, the free cash which is available is only INR450 crores. Rest of the cash is not been 
realized for accounts, right? So therefore, we'll have to really live with this gross debt till the 
time we are able to generate free cash. And we are confident that as we are able to mature our 
product -- projects, and we are able to give OC, right, we'll be able to generate free cash and that 
will be utilized to repay the debt. 
Sriram Khattar: 
So Saurabh, on your question of space available in non-SEZ, it's with the complete modesty that 
we have sort of done well in the last few quarters in terms of leasing. In fact, in downtown in 
Chennai, where there was about 250,000 square feet of space that was left, that was also 
committed yesterday, and therefore, Downtown Chennai is also fully leased. So the space that 
we have available now is about 3%, 3.5%, which is about 6 lakh-7 lakh square feet of space. In 
addition to that, we have some of the hard options, which the tenants may not want to take up, 
which keep coming up, which will get released. And my sense is they will get released at rates 
which are current market rates and higher than the rates at which the hard options were. 
Three, as we -- our program is to complete Downtown 4 in Gurgaon by the end of '24 -- calendar 
'24. And in the first quarter of '25, the Atrium Place, which is our joint venture for about 3 million 
with Hines in which DLF has 2/3 stake, will start getting completed. So now the leasing and 
operations teams are working on marketing Atrium Place, and they have a head start of more 
than a year before the first building comes up to lease. 
In addition, this has also enthused us and we have marginally accelerated the start of construction 
of Phase 2 in Taramani, which we should start in the Q4 of this financial year. And we are also 
starting the construction in the next few weeks on the Phase 2 of Downtown in Gurgaon, which 
is a multiuse development of about 8 million square feet, 8, 8.5 million square feet, with a 2.7 
million square feet of mall, a destination mall and about 5, 5.5 million square feet of office 
towers. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Thank you, Sir, just 1 follow-up back to the residential side. So I mean how concerned are you 
about the sharp price rise you're seeing in Gurgaon? Is there a concern that prices go up too much 
and then that basically impacts affordability or that's not a concern for you right now? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Aakash Ohri: 
So, Saurabh, price is going up, so there is a latent demand. As far as concern is concerned, you're 
right now referring to the real estate thing for resi but tell me where the prices are not going up, 
whether it's eating out in our hotel or an air ticket or even a holiday. So I don't think -- see, right 
now, what is going up -- the only thing is that there is a demand for better products and good 
products. 
So prices that are going up, if you see this carefully, is going up for products, which are in a 
certain genre, so luxury and above. So if the post-COVID what has happened is that the demand 
and the spends have kind of changed to a certain habit that people have got into in terms of they 
realize their life is finite and all that, so therefore, live it up. 
So the demand for better, bigger homes is there today. Again, I'm not going to get caught into 
this luxury definition and all that, everybody kind of misuse it. But I'm saying better, bigger, 
more spacious homes is what the demand is today, and therefore, the price is a resultant of that, 
Saurabh. 
So it is not something which is just something in the air that you're talking about a smaller 
apartment with certain price points. With inflation, with price points going up everywhere, this 
is where it is today. And buying a residential real estate today has become -- I've repeated this, 
and I'm going to repeat it again, has become a priority for people to kind of -- it is the number 
one priority today for most of the people. 
So thankfully, a lot of people who are in the -- on the fringe and all that and would always live 
on rentals and do other stuff have also jumped into the freight. And I'm talking about the younger 
crowd, which is very heartening to see that the 30 to 40 bracket is today making real estate 
purchases. 
But the good part is that they are -- everybody is wanting to fund and take bigger homes. So 
therefore, the rise in price points today are a reflection of a certain mindset, which is changing 
on ground, Saurabh. So it is not about speculators, is not about what used to happen 10 years 
back. These are people who want to buy homes for themselves. 
And if you see the rentals, if you see rentals are a good parameter for what is happening today. 
And also, if you see the habitation charts, there is -- there are various reports in Gurgaon, which 
will tell you that most of the condominiums are now over 90%, 95% inhabited. 
So I think these are -- this is what you should see. So at this point in time, I wouldn't be concerned 
about that. But let's see how it goes. And obviously, things will settle down even further as we 
go along. But if you were saying that it's -- all I can say is that there are enough people out there 
right now who're wanting to better their experiences. And I'm looking at those people. They're 
not only just first time -- not only people who are habitual real estate investors, but also a lot of 
first-timers, which is very heartening to see, Saurabh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Tayal from Bank of America. Please go 
ahead. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Kunal Tayal: 
Sure, Thank you. Two questions from my side. There would be about INR19,000 crores worth 
of launches in the next 6 months. And after which you're largely left to the pipeline of about 
INR23,000 -INR24,000 crores and it seems like about 1 year's worth of launches of the new base 
-- is there a thought process already to start planning for the next phase of launches, which should 
come by for FY '26 onwards? So that's question number one. 
The second one is on the office side. Your IT services tenants have actually been very stable. It's 
something that we've not seen from the peers set. So is there any indication that you have from 
them that there is no intention to vacate any existing space? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So the first question is, see, we plan for almost 3 years ahead. And based on which geography 
we are getting into and what we are doing. So that, as an exercise, we continue to do internally. 
So yes, visibility may be shown for maybe a year or 1.5 years, but we plan 3 years in advance 
of what we are intending to do. So have been able to answer that question. 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So, Kunal, I mean while we have -- we have sort of documented the pipeline or the year after. 
It's not that our planning process is sort of shutting down. So we will have a -- I mean, we have 
enough land bank, and we will have a constant stream of pipeline flowing out. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Kunal, on your question of indication from IT services companies of any vacancy, that has sort 
of ebbed. And I dare say the impact of COVID is now behind us. This has been helped by 2 or 
3 -- for 2 or 3 reasons. Reason one is that during COVID, the space take up was for to a lot of 
exits, and therefore, -- but at the same time, the hiring was very good, and therefore, that is now 
coming back in terms of tenants, either not leaving spaces or asking for additional spaces. 
Two, what has happened is that some of the larger IT companies are no longer looking at 80 
square feet per desk, etcetera, which had become the norm pre-COVID, and would like to have 
more network collaborative open spaces, and therefore, the demand has gone up to 100 and -- 
the size they look at is about 120 to 130 square feet per desk. 
However, having said that, I may add a word of caution here that the companies are still working 
on their individual hybrid models. And that is something which has not yet stabilized. One thing 
is sure that it's going to be hybrid, but what form or shape the hybrid takes is still being worked 
out by companies. 
And there are companies who want to hot desk for hybrid. There are others who want to get 
individual desks for hybrid. There are others who say, even if it is hybrid, they have to cater 
peak performance, number one, number two, while attendance in our IT parts has improved 
dramatically, the larger IT services companies till now have been able to manage the increased 
manpower in the existing spaces. 
And last about a quarter or so, we are seeing the green shoots when they have now started 
planning for the next year and 2 years and started looking for space. So if this come back to 
office starts working in a positive way, and India is far ahead of the west on that, then I see that 
the demand from IT services will go up. The issue of vacancy, then we will be in a much more 
subdued. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Kunal Tayal: 
Pretty encouraging, Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Thank you so much, Congratulations on good numbers. My first question is on the DevCo's 
commercial portfolio, the DLF 5 and City Center. The GAVs there seem to have fallen on a 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Can you comment what's happened there? 
Vivek Anand: 
GAVs have fallen. 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So honestly, the GAVs keep on getting adjusted basis, the rentals. So this time to be fair, on 
some of those assets, we have done a very thorough analysis of the of the rentals that have been 
-- that are not they're just today, but their rentals that those buildings have been earning for the 
last 6 or 7 years. And I think that is the reason why the GAVs may have been slightly adjusted. 
As you know, -- these numbers have no bearing on the balance sheet or -- on the balance sheet 
or P&L. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Sir, I know I understand, 20% fall, which is what bothered. So just wondering... 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So maybe part of the devil is that the earlier number may have been slightly optimistic. This is 
the best that I can say. Because this year -- we've done a very scientific thing of what the rentals 
are taken a full 9-year cash flow discounted it like a private equity and then come with these 
numbers. But again, tomorrow if we to go out to sell it, I'm sure you could get INR50 crores less 
than this or INR100 crores more than this, that will be a bilateral coordinate -- bilateral 
negotiation. It should not that we are in the market for selling any of these. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Got it. And second, DCCDL used to give dividend typically in Q2. This time, there was a 
dividend but very small. Any thought process behind that? 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
No, Puneet, I think if you go through the cash flow of DCCDL in the last 1 year, DCCDL gave 
a hefty dividend in the end of Q4, which really was a substitute for the final dividend. So hence, 
the final dividend was a very small one. DCCDL has again given its half year dividend, but that 
obviously has come at the end of September, so that's coming early October when the DCCDL 
did their second quarter results meeting. So DCCDL continues to be in the cycle to give 2 
dividends a year, which is what we have been tuned to for the last couple of years. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Okay. So the cash would come -- would have come in October until September... 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Because as you would appreciate that once the first half results are declared, then the company 
declared in time dividend for the last 6 months. 
Puneet Gulati: 
I understand, thank you so much. And secondly, on the cash tax liability for the DevCo, that 
seems to be quite low. How long do you think will that advantage persist? 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Cash tax liability? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. The cash tax, the cash flow statement. 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Part of this, Puneet, is linked to the massive change in accounting policy that happened when 
the new Ind AS accounting standards got notified growing that sense. So part of this is linked to 
that. I mean, we do believe that in our tax returns, we don't foresee a significant tax liability for 
the next couple of years. But these are things which are constantly litigating it between us and 
the department, which is par for the course. But we don't foresee a significant amount of cash 
outflow. At least for the next couple of years. Am i right? 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, yes, absolutely. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. That it -- and lastly, the collection run rate has gone up to almost INR2,200- 
INR2,300 crores. Is that a sustainable run rate? Or was there some completion additional 
collection that came through? 
Vivek Anand: 
So Puneet, if you remember, the guidance I had given on collections was a growth of almost 
13% to 15%. And that maintain absolute numbers of close to INR6,400 - INR6,500 crores. So 
yes, corrections have been good in first half, and I see a potential upside coming in collections 
and the same upside I expect will flow in the OCF as well, which I clarified in the earlier part to 
Saurabh. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. And then you lastly guided that construction cost would go up by roughly 50% over 
the previous year. That should be... 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, INR1,200 crores of last year going close to INR1,700 crores. So that will be almost a 40% 
increase. A large part of it, you will see it in the second half. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood, Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Our next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sir, just on the Phase 5 side, you talked about pricing. We are getting closer to INR100,000 per 
square feet. When I just look at your Slide 10, like when -- where we are talking about 5 million 
square feet of luxury valued at about INR12,400 crores, I mean that's like 25,000 square feet. So 
does this number see a significant upward revision? Because I believe the bulk of this would be 
Phase 5. 
Aakash Ohri: 
So what you are seeing is for a ready-to-move-in or ready apartments. And as far as valuation is 
concerned, definitely, you will see there is a tremendous upside there already. And as far as this 
is concerned, if you go back to what it was earlier on certain price points at launch, they were -
- if I just go back 7 years, there was an ex-price. And today, that price is about 4x that value. 
So I wouldn't want to speculate on future values. But all I can say is there is a reasonably good 
upside to what you have just mentioned. Right now, as what Mr. Tyagi was saying, that -- when 
we come closer to launch, that's when we made our pricing, and we true up the whole thing. But 
at this point in time, this is just a guidance given. But as I said, you will obviously put together 
also. But there is a good reasonably positive outlook there. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
But again, we are not in the numbers game there in terms of this is going to be a staggered kind 
of a launch as super luxury deserves. And there will be price points at various intervals that will 
go up based on how much stock we bring in at that point in time. And that's how we -- that's 
how we'll be approaching the DLF 5 story. 
Vivek Anand: 
And just to add to what Aakash said, Kunal. See, when we had given this guidance, we had given 
this guidance towards the end of last fiscal year. And a lot has changed in the last 6 months, and 
therefore, keeping it short, yes, these numbers will undergo a change, and there is a potential 
upside to this number. 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Yes. So again, Kunal, what Vivek and Aakash said, absolutely. These numbers will undergo 
change as the product and the pricing gets screwed up close to the launch. I mean we had the 
objective we had an internal debate of whether we should change these numbers now or as it 
was launched. Honestly, I mean, you know us as a company. We are conservative people. 
We don't -- I mean, we are not in the business of trying to milk every guidance upside from a 
market standpoint. And so we are okay with this. But obviously, these numbers will undergo a 
positive change as we hit closer to launch. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Got it. Got it. And secondly, can you just comment a little bit on the new launches status in terms 
of like where we are in terms of approvals and time lines, for example, for Sector 76 and also 
for Phase 5? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So in 77, that's Privana, the approval process is on, and this is a Q3 end launch and so far so 
good. And the other one you mentioned was the DLF 5 one, right? So that is also on track for 
Q4, but that was, as we had said, Q4, Q1. So that is also on track. So far, based on what we are 
doing internally, our approval processes are on track. And also for the Valley Orchard in 
Panchkula, the SCO in Gurgaon. So all the approval process and the -- right now, we are meeting 
those time lines as we speak. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
So Panchkula will be in Q3 just confirming, right? Panchkula in Q3? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes, that's right. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
And DLF 5 will be in Q4? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. Q4, Q1, yes. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Okay. Q1, there's a possibility it slipping in Q1? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Not slipping. It's part of the thing because this is -- as you know, it's a big, very big project, and 
it's coming after Camellias was 2014. This is 20s almost a decade. So these products require that 
kind of an intention. So 1 month here or there won't really matter, but I'm just saying you should 
know where we are as far as the planning is concerned. But so far, it's on track. It's just that we 
just -- we'll take the call closer to Q4 or maybe in the beginning of Q4, we'll know exactly, say 
-- by January, we'll know without to take. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
And either way, Kunal, our sales guidance of 13,000 plus is under no threat, frankly, even if one 
of these projects tend to slip by a few weeks here and there. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Understood. And my last question is on, again, like I think on the utilization of free cash 
flows, like we are clocking almost like INR1,100- INR1,200 crores a quarter now. And with 
debt behind us now, how should we look at it incrementally going ahead because we'll end up 
piling a lot of cash in coming quarters and years? 
Vivek Anand: 
So I think as, Kunal, I had said earlier, the -- it's very clear. I think the first priority is to really 
generate as much as free cash as possible. And while we have INR3,100 plus crores of cash, the 
free cash available is INR450 crores. So the first priority is to make sure that we complete the 
projects, get the NOCs and convert that into free cash. So once we have free cash, yes, one of 
the things we could possibly do is to really repay some of the debt. Second is to really put the 
cash behind growth, right? And third is to continue to reward the shareholders. I think that's 
consistently what we are following. 
Kunal Lakhan 
Sure, Thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
Our next question is a text question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Can you update us on the status of the Tulsiwadi and Andheri project? 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Okay. So the Andheri project is on track, as we had mentioned last time. We -- in the slum rehab 
is making very good progress. I think of the first phase of 30-odd stores somebody have 27-28 
stores are already ready. And we stay on track for a potential launch around, I'd say, definitely 
before June of '24. So that does look to be on track. And the first phase should be about 1 million 
square feet of launch, give or take. Tulsiwadi has been in a significant legal mess and it's just 
gone further deeper in that. 
We had made a bid for acquiring 100% of the shareholding of the company to the then lender, 
PNBHFL, who did not -- who was unable to give us a position of 100% of the shares. Then they 
did a -- they sort of sold off the loan to an ARC, which sold off the stake to an entity. We went 
to -- we and Shapoorji Pallonji both went to court against the completely non transparent method 
that the process was done. 
The Delhi High Court has made some scathing observations and has put all the shares in 
suspended animation. And I think both us and SPC are exploring the complete legal options on 
both counts; a, to restore the shareholding of the company back to where it should have been; 
and b, to ensure that our outstanding debt from that company to us is not jeopardized. 
So I think we are an extremely strong solid -- I mean, legal ground. Delhi High Court has, by 
and large, in their interim conclusion supported our stand. And now I think we just a question of 
sort of taking that legal issue through all its right, I mean, course. 
I think we just landed up in some sense in an unfortunate situation of what could have been a 
great project. But we do hope that we'll eventually be able to come out without a financial loss, 
maybe with the shareholding also restored. And we are in the midst of that legal battle. Andheri 
project is on track. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
First is to Mr. Khattar. So I think very good leasing quarter across the operations and the under 
construction portfolio. Just wanted to get a sense of that leasing, 3 lakh square feet each leased 
out in both SEZ, non-SEZ space. Where is the demand exactly coming from? Is it the existing 
tenants expanding? Or are we also seeing some new tenants, specifically in SEZ spaces as well? 
Sriram Khattar: 
So I will start with the non-SEZ spaces. The demand is coming from new tenants and existing 
tenants. And as I have mentioned earlier in the earlier analyst calls also the majority of the 
demand continues to be from the so-called global capability centers, which find India a very 
compelling location to look at because of its strong digital backbone, high-quality, global 
quality, infrastructure and office spaces at a fraction of a cost, and very high-quality, young 
English-speaking skilled manpower. 
These -- they are expanding in the country, and I personally believe that in the next 4, 5 years, 
they will be a major contributor to the growth of the offices market. And then in Downtown 
Gurgaon, we have been able to establish a rental of INR150. And in downtown Chennai, we've 
been able to establish a rental of INR100. 
In the SEZ space, fortunately, we are slightly better off than what the competition is. We have a 
vacancy of about 14%-15 odd percent. We believe and we are given to understand that the 
ministry of commerce is in the final stages of allowing floor-wide de-notification. And once that 
comes, we will -- we believe that the demand for our quality spaces even in SEZs will go up. 
And over the next 4-5 quarters, we'll see a fair amount of traction there also. 
So to add to this, what Saurabh asked in the beginning as to where the stock is, we believe that 
floor-wise de-notification will also give us about 800,000 to 1 million of stock in the next year 
or so. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. And just -- just a follow up on that, SEZ space is also seeing demand from new tenants or 
just existing tenants expanding? 
Sriram Khattar: 
It's a combination of both. It is existing tenants expanding, say, about 60%, 70%, and 30%, 40% 
new tenants coming. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. Okay. And just 1 question on Camellias again, whether the inventory that is there right 
now in our slide, it's repriced to 1 lakh square feet, or -- what's the pricing assumption there? 
Because I'm seeing -- like if I add up the sales that we have done this quarter, plus the inventory 
that is their balance, there's a 20% jump in the inventory value. So what's the pricing assumption 
now in Camellias? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So pricing is, as I mentioned earlier also, it's the lower, middle and higher floors. Higher floors 
go upwards of the number that you're talking about. The lower floors are basically based on that. 
There's a preference location thing, which is a 20% difference between the 3 segments that I just 
mentioned. So that's where the valuations will be. Some of the inventory that is left, some of 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
them are on a higher floor, some mid- and some growth. So based on that is what the valuation 
is going to be. So if that's -- if I've been able to answer that for you. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. So the range would be -- Sorry, you can go ahead. 
Vivek Anand: 
I think you -- so what we've done is that the current value of inventory is based on the average 
price realization of quarter 2, right? So -- and what Aakash is saying that the current price is 
certainly more than that. So answering your question, right, there will be a potential upside there 
in pricing. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
A couple of questions. Firstly, on Privana. So is there a rethink on the product that we have there 
versus the mid-rise that we were envisaging? 
Aakash Ohri: 
No. So product, not we think in that way, but there was -- already, there were a couple of towers 
of high-rise in Privana. So it was -- that's just been some more towers basically have been added 
as high rise to the mid-rise scheme. That's all. So this -- in the plan, there was already highrise 
is a mix of that with some mid-rise. 
But right now, there is -- I think it's just -- we've added more highlights to the scheme. So as we 
kind of -- we feel that the demand there is more. And then, of course, the way it's coming out, 
again, it's -- if I can call it an Arbour 2 because it's just -- it's the same kind of spec and payouts 
and all that. 
And the approach infra closest to the biggest green land in Haryana. So for a home, it's -- it can't 
be more perfect. So that's what it is right now. And it's just gotten -- I mean, to answer that, it's 
just -- now the product is enhanced even more, and therefore, that's what it is. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. So we look for similar sell-throughs and does it also lead to better, let's say, FSI utilization 
there? Or that's not the idea here? 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
So, Abhinav, I mean what we are launching there right now is barely covering a 1/4 of the total 
size that we have there. So we have an enormous degree of flexibility in terms of the -- of how 
to use the maximum FSI available on that site. So I think what the product changes that Aakash 
alluding to have been more driven by; a, the success of Arbour; and b, by what I think the 
customers today looking forward is just -- it's not a stand-alone site where if you don't build now, 
you lose the FSI for life because this is a part of a far bigger land parcel. But yes, I mean, to 
Aakash's point, Currently, what we are looking at is a product, frankly, far closer to Arbour than 
the old colony sector... 
Aakash Ohri: 
So adding to Mr. Tyagi's point, because just for you to put it in perspective, you can -- I mean, 
only a colloquial way of saying it, it can be called DLF 6, but there's so much to do there. There 
is so much to do there because it's a good parcel, and we'll kind of build it from scratch. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay. secondly, and congratulations to Mr. Khattar on the strong performance we have seen. So 
Tyagi sir, my question is, does this bring us closer to the REIT offering now considering we are 
here. And the SEZ, you are also very positive on the Ministry of Commerce giving a favourable... 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
First, what will bring us closer to a REIT is the performance of the other REITs and not 
performance on Khattar. And those done doing significantly better. But to be fair, as I think we 
have said umpteen times in the past, we are now ready from a structuring standpoint to almost 
press the button within a 180-day period of whenever the 2 shareholders decide. 
I think it was, in some sense, in a pause mode for a variety of reasons, including COVID and the 
aftermath of COVID, the vacancy overhang that it left the bits and pieces and the entire interest 
rate scenario. I think there's still possibly a few quarters away from the interest rate scenario 
turning benign, which actually is the right time for a product like that. 
But clearly, I mean, our monetization at some stage, I'm sure will happen. It's just a question that 
-- I mean that both the shareholders, while they are aware and cognizant of that, I don't think 
there right now, if I may use the word in a tearing hurry to do that. But at some stage, I'm sure 
that there will be an interesting amortizing option that will be executed. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Thank you and all the best to the team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So just had a few more. So 1 is your staff cost is down quarter-on-quarter. What explains that? 
I mean given the performance of the company. So that's first. 
The second is with Dwarka Expressway, we are now finally completing, sir. Is there are like a 
lot of investor inventory, whatever gets unlocked and that kind of comes to the market? And 
how does it interact with your New Gurgaon supply, if you have any thoughts about what archive 
Dwarka Express completion in Gurgaon? So that's the second one. 
And thirdly, Tyagi sir, you have kind of your sales guidance has gone from INR12,000 to 
INR13,000 and this call INR13,000 crore plus. Would you want to kind of give a range as to 
where you see the number or should it be better because every quarter now you... 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
I will answer your last question first before I defer to Vivek and Aakash on the balance piece so 
make in our card for the balance piece. We have always maintained a guidance of INR12,000 
crores - INR13,000 crores, and even in our last call, I had mentioned specifically that there is an 
upside risk to this number, which is which is what -- I mean I believe that now maybe the upside 
risk is slightly stronger. So hence, I added the plus INR13,000 crores. But you won't not just into 
giving a sharper number than that. 
Vivek Anand: 
Staff cost,Saurabh. Our staff cost for the full year is expected to be somewhere close to INR560 
crores to INR570 crores. So I think you are referring to quarter 1 and quarter 2 staff costs, where 
quarter 2 staff cost has dipped, right? Is that... I think that's more to do with phasing of spend. I 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
think quarter 1 has a larger provision for sales incentive, right, which is the sales incentive 
normally be booked with a lag of 1 quarter. 
So quarter 1 had impact coming from quarter 4 sales, which was the highest quarter in the last 
financial year. And quarter 2 has sales incentive booked for INR2,000 crores of sales, which 
happened in quarter 1. I think that's the only reason why there is a difference. But on a full year 
basis, you can take INR560 crores, INR570 crores kind of a number. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
And should your gross margins be higher because Camellias was booked into revenues like 
when a the gross margins being higher than the 57% we are reporting? 
Vivek Anand: 
No. So you're talking about second half? I didn't get your question. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
No, no. So this quarter, we would have booked these Camellias sales, right, into revenues, it's 
14-odd apartments that's at a higher price. So the gross margins on those sales will be like north 
of 70%, I'm guessing. So, your gross margin, which you are reporting is 55, sorry, 57? 
Vivek Anand: 
So Saurabh, what we -- what I've sold today is at a higher price and therefore, at a higher margin. 
So that margin will get recognized when we'll issue the possession letters, which will happen 
sometime away. Now this 57% margin is for the positions I have given during the quarter and 
something which was sold a year or 2 years back. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Got it. and lastly on Dwarka Express way. 
Aakash Ohri: 
With reference to Dwarka Express way as you know, Saurabh,  for over 5 years or whatever 
inventory that was there, that has been still hanging around there. And that is more of an investor 
market than anything else. So it kind of sometimes worries me next visit also. Because it's more 
of -- I don't know who's finishing off what payments there, but everybody is near to make that 
initial transaction. 
And post that, what's happening is, whether it's habitation or where it's anything else, that I feel 
right now is contributing to what the other developments are seeing and especially in terms of 
moments and all. So I don't -- I mean, at this point in time, too early to comment. But whether 
it's conflicting or not each markets are different. We are completely, as you know, sold out in 
ROG. I will only know post that. But each one of our projects kind of work on a different 
parameter and requirement. And basically, as far as DLF is concerned, it is an end user's product. 
So speculators and that particular thing I feel at this point in time, I don't think we've gone after 
that for a long time. At least in my tenure, I can say that very clearly to you. So I think there are 
two very different markets here, Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. And just on your Phase 5, Aakash, so your Camellias has gone to nearly 1 lakh and now 
you're launching this mini Camellias, if I can call it, in Q4 or Q1. So now is it like Phase 5 breaks 
the pack from Gurgaon and now trades in line with Central Delhi, South Delhi types? Or is that 
something you think is structurally now that the rate convergence between Phase 5 and South 
Delhi has finally happened or... 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes, yes. DLF 5 now you should be worried to compare it with Bombay what you're saying 
central Delhi. So different about time, the kind of work that we've done and it's got accolades. 
And I say it with pride as in Indian, I mean first DLF and then, of course, kind of product that is 
being done and the ecosystem that is being kind of created. It is, today, when people -- when 
foreigners come or people from outside NRIs and all, the first thing is like the Beverly of India, 
Beverly Hills of India. 
So yes, the DLF 5 would see that because also had of a lot of infrastructure, as you've seen, the 
social fabric is very strong. The kind of community that lives in the DLF 5 I can simply say half 
of India's GDP is kind of contributor from the kind of people who are who are part of the 
community there. And the good part is people love staying there. So as far as that is concerned, 
Saurabh, I see a lot of -- going forward also, it's become the choice. 
I mean, today, if I can share this data also quickly with you. Any expat who's coming into the 
country, and you know when they come in their 6 months before that, their first choice when 
they come for these reiki visits is to see where they're going to live. And whilst Delhi is an 
option, Vasant Vihar and other colonies, DLF 5, DLF Golf Link is the most preferred choice. 
And this I think will pick up from any data, any relocated companies and all. 
So today, I see that going up. And with the entire cost that is being great and especially the social 
infrastructure, I think it is now becoming the go-to place for by choice to live there. So once -- 
first, it was something that we were pushing. Now it is more of a full product. 
So I think again, with the demand and supply syndrome, what's going to happen is that you will 
see this definitely going up, as you see, Mangolia today is trading at about almost INR60,000 -- 
INR55,000 to INR60,000 a square foot, that's about INR35 crores to INR38 crores and where it 
was earlier. 
So these were all very latent demand. Nothing -- I don't see this as a volatile the kind of thing. 
I'm seeing this as people who are -- have very few options of communities like this, it's like an 
into a central part where you have 500 acres of a green lung right in front of you, and then, of 
course, the security system and everything else. 
So I think that's where the demand will be. And second, you've been holding it for 5 years on 
launch pipelines and all. What Mr. Tyagi must told you must be music to all of your years, 
hopefully, that now DLF pipelines are ready and things are happening. So I think that's 
something that we are concentrating on. 
And Vivek said, margins are something which is extremely dear to us. Our projects will be 
launched only subject to what conditions are. And margins will prevail over any gross numbers 
that we have want to post. So that's where we are Saurabh. We are getting here. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Thank you, Happy Diwali.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashok Tyagi for closing comments. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Ashok Kumar Tyagi: 
Thank you. There's not much that I can say after that Aakash's rousing speech. But honestly, I 
think this hitting at zero debt was a very important sort of. It's almost an emotional target for 
many of us over the last 8- 9 years, as you know, and we've taken a lot of steps in the last few 
years on this. So it's great that we finally hit there. I think this -- I mean, the future does foretell 
-- I mean feel of strong cash flows and strong launches, hopefully. 
The RentCo, I mean, is doing an exceptional, exceptional job in terms of its leasing pipeline, it's 
built out of new capex, it's certification in all of these ESG and LEED certifications. So I think 
all in all, I think we are in, hopefully, a good place, and I just hope that the markets continue to 
be to be positive. And hopefully, you look forward to the next quarterly interaction. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of DLF Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
