 
Registered Office:  INDIGO Paints Limited, Indigo Tower, Street-5, Pallod Farm-2, Baner Road, Pune - 411045 
T: +91 20 6681 4300, Email: info@indigopaints.com, Website: www.indigopaints.com, CIN: L24114PN2000PLC014669
 
November 11, 2023 
To, 
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department  
25th Floor, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001 
Scrip Code: 543258 
To
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C-1, Block G, 
Sandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol: INDIGOPNTS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Intimation under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 for Transcript of Earnings Call for quarter half year 
ended September 30, 2023 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30 and 46 read with clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule 
III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the earnings 
conference call held with the analyst and investors on November 06, 2023 at 11.00 hrs 
(IST) to discuss the unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and hlaf 
year ended September 30, 2023. 
The above information will also be made available on the website of the company 
www.indigopaints.com/investors 
You are requested to take note of the same. 
Thanking you, 
For Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
Dayeeta Gokhale 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: as above  
DAYEETA 
SHRINIVAS 
GOKHALE
Digitally signed by 
DAYEETA SHRINIVAS 
GOKHALE 
Date: 2023.11.11 12:02:45 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Indigo Paints Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Conference Call” 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HEMANT JALAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
MR. SURESH BABU -- CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
MR. CHETAN HUMANE -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
                                    MR. SRIHARI SANTHAKUMAR – GENERAL MANAGER – 
FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON -- ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Indigo Paints Q2 FY '24 Conference Call 
hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good morning, good afternoon, good evening depending on the 
part of the world you are joining this Indigo Paints Second Quarter FY '24 Conference Call. 
Without much ado, I'll hand over to the management for the introduction of the management 
team and further proceedings. Thank you. 
Srihari Santhakumar: 
Thanks, Manoj. Thanks, everyone, for joining the conference call today. Today, we'll be 
discussing the financial performance of the company for the quarter and the half year ended 
September 30, both on a standalone and consolidated basis. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Hemant Jalan, MD of the company; Mr. Suresh Babu, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Chetan 
Humane, CFO. 
Over to Mr. Jalan for the performance highlights. 
Hemant Jalan: 
Thank you. Thank you all for joining in on the earnings call of Indigo Paints for Q2 FY '24. 
Now, our financials for the quarter and for the half year ended 30, September 2023 have been 
uploaded on the stock exchange portals along with our analyst presentation, and we hope you've 
had a chance to go through them. 
At the very outset, I'd like to highlight the consistency in our top-line growth. For the last two 
quarters in a row, Indigo Paints has witnessed an industry-leading growth rate and that too by a 
factor of more than 3x to 4x, which indicates significant market share gain by the company. 
While it is heartening to see the sustained top-line growth, the team is now motivated to propel 
this growth further. 
We expect to increase the gap between our growth rate and the industry growth rate in the 
upcoming quarters. This is all a consequence of various initiatives which we undertook last year, 
which are starting to bear fruits now. I shall first elaborate on the standalone results for the 
quarter and the half year, after which I will get on to the consolidated results. 
Now, compared to Q2 of FY '23, our standalone sales in Q2 of FY '24 has registered a value 
growth of 11.48%, which is far ahead of the industry growth rate. Our gross margin of 45.72% 
in Q2 FY '24 is higher than the gross margin of 41.72% on a Y-on-Y basis by 400 basis points 
and we continue to maintain the leadership position within the industry on gross margins. 
EBITDA in the quarter has increased by 23.72%, from INR33.8 crores in Q2 of FY '23 to 
INR41.8 crores in Q2 of this year. The EBITDA margin is 15.45% this quarter, which is 
significantly higher than 13.92% registered in the comparable period last year. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
If you will recall, last year in Q2, the company had a one-time gain of INR16.3 crores due to a 
tax reversal pertaining to earlier years. After adjusting for this one-time gain, which was 
recorded in Q2 of last year, our PAT in this quarter has increased by 25.92%. From a figure of 
INR20.76 crores last year same quarter to INR26.14 crores in the quarter just ended. 
The PAT margin has also expanded from 8.45% in the same quarter last year to 9.56% in Q2 of 
this year. This is despite a significant increase in our depreciation expense this quarter due to 
commissioning of our new plant at Pudukkottai. If I talk about the stand-alone half-yearly 
results, our sales have grown at a healthy 17.33% from INR466 crores in H1 of last year to 
INR547 crores in H1 of this year. Once again, this growth rate exceeds the industry growth rate 
by about 4x to 5x. 
The gross margins have expanded from 43.39% in H1 of last year to 46.7% in H1 of this year. 
EBITDA has increased by 29.64% to INR89.5 crores in H1 of this year compared to INR69 
crores in H1 of last year. And the EBITDA margin has expanded to 16.35% from a figure of 
14.8% in H1 of last year. 
Once again, after adjusting for the one-time gain of INR16.3 crores due to tax reversal in H1 of 
last year, our PAT has increased by 41.2% to INR57.4 crores this first half compared to INR40.6 
crores clocked in H1 of last year. And of course the PAT margin has expanded from 8.65% in 
H1 of last year to 10.37% in H1 of this year. 
If we move now to the consolidated results for the quarter, our revenues have grown by over 
15% to INR279 crores, while the EBITDA grew at 24.76% and PAT grew by 21.98%. The 
EBITDA margin was 15.1% and the PAT margin on a consolidated basis was 8.97%. Once 
again, the PAT growth rate numbers have been adjusted for the one-off gain recorded last year 
due to tax reversal. 
The sales growth rate at Apple Chemie, our subsidiary, is expected to pick up considerable pace 
in the upcoming quarters because they have made a significant increase in their sales force across 
the country and the effect of that is beginning to kick-in.  
On a consolidated basis, for the half 
year ended September 30, 2023, our sales growth was at a robust 21.6%. Gross margins 
expanded to 46.46%. EBITDA increased by 32% to INR91.2 crores, while the EBITDA margin 
expanded to 16.1% from 14.8% in H1 of last year. 
Again, after adjusting for the one-time gain last year, the PAT increased by almost 40% to 
INR56.84 crores compared to INR40.64 crores clocked in H1 of last year and the PAT margin 
expanded to 9.9% compared to 8.65% in the first half of last year. Now, the advertising and 
promotion spends have been largely in line with our guidance and our stated strategy. During 
the quarter just ended, while the overall advertising and promotion spends increased by almost 
8% to INR15.8 crores, however, expressed as a percentage of revenue, the same has gone down. 
And this trend is expected to continue in the next many quarters. 
In the Q2 quarter just ended, we had launched a new advertising campaign to promote our 
economy range of emulsions, both for exterior and interior surfaces. In the current month, in 
November, we have just launched a Kerala-centric advertisement, which has already gone viral. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
The advertisement features both our brand ambassadors, Mr. M S Dhoni and Mr. Mohanlal, in 
the same ad, to promote our premium differentiated product, which is the dirt-proof and 
waterproof range of exterior paint. We have mentioned in our analyst presentation our volume 
and value growth numbers for each of the four major categories of paint products, being 
consistent with our past pattern of transparent disclosures. 
You will note that during this quarter, the company witnessed very high volume and value 
growth in the putty and cement paint category and also in the primer and distemper category. 
Fairly good growth in the emulsion category, whereas the growth was somewhat muted in the 
enamel and wood coating category. 
Volume growth numbers are slightly higher than value growth numbers for almost all the 
categories, because across the range, the growth in the economy range products exceeded the 
growth rate of the premium range products. We continue to focus on network expansion, 
although we give a larger emphasis on improving the throughput per active dealer. 
Increasing the throughput per dealer is driven largely by increase in our tinting machine 
population. Our count of active dealers stood at 17,148 as on 30th September, and our tinting 
machine population stood at 9,114 on the same date. You will note that our tinting machine 
addition is gathering considerable pace. We added 457 machines in Q2, compared to 384 
machines that we added in Q1, compared to 295 machines that we added in the yet preceding 
quarter, which was Q4 of last year. 
During the quarter just ended, we have also opened two more depots, one in Eastern India and 
one in Western India, to increase our distribution efficiency. We intend to open a few more 
depots in the next quarter to further strengthen our distribution network. On the capacity front, 
we are glad to announce that our new water-based plant at Tamil Nadu went on stream at the 
most opportune moment on 18, September. Opportune because it was timely to cater to the high 
demand during the ongoing festive season. We have also started civil work at our new water-
based plant, which is being set up at Jodhpur, which is expected to get commissioned in another 
18 months. 
Finally, as the saying goes, the proof of the pudding lies in the eating. And the back-to-back 
industry-leading growth rate for two quarters in a row is proof that the new measures taken by 
our team last year are working very well on the ground. Backed by this conviction, we are 
undertaking further new initiatives. And one such initiative is our foray into project sales. We 
are building a team to venture into project sales in several states of India. And we are also setting 
up a separate team to focus on construction chemicals and waterproofing products across all 
depots in the country. 
Q3 has started off on a very positive note for us. And the growth rate that we have witnessed in 
sales in October has surpassed the growth rate that we have seen in any given month during the 
last three years to four years. If you follow our results carefully, you will note that Q3 is 
historically a much better quarter for us than Q2, both in terms of sales as well as profitability. 
And Q4 is always our best quarter on both accounts. Hence, all I can say is that the best from 
Indigo Paints for FY '24 is yet to come. Thank you. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
And we now look forward to taking your questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on industry-leading growth and gross margins. My first question is on staff cost. It is 
up 5% quarter-on-quarter and 45% Y-o-Y. You also said that, you are setting up a team for the 
project business. And for waterproofing and construction chemicals, it is underway. So if I take 
additional incremental cost in terms of project team and fully deployed waterproofing and 
construction chemicals also, where do you see this quarterly staff cost? It was around INR26 
crores broadly in Q2. Where do you see this stabilizing in the next few quarters? 
Hemant Jalan: 
I think the increase in manpower that will happen in project sales and in construction chemicals 
is going to be a very, very small percentage of our existing staff cost. The senior level additions 
that we had planned are already in place and they have already been reflected in the staff costs 
of the last quarter. What we need to add are people more at the middle management level. And 
the size of the team that we will be building at this stage is not going to be prohibitively high. 
And therefore, I don't expect the employee cost to rise very substantially from the level at which 
they are at. 
Maybe 4% or 5% on an absolute amount could be the possible increase that we are looking at. 
So it's not very material as far as our margins are concerned. Because these increase in employee 
costs do end up giving a significant return in terms of increase in the top line sales and therefore 
also in the bottom line. And therefore, they are well absorbed in the cost structure. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My second and last question is on the demand side. So, one is one other paint company had said 
that in Kerala the demand is a bit weak. I wanted to understand how you have faced demand 
there. Especially, given the new advertisement with Mohanlal and Dhoni is being done there. Is 
it helping you grow a bit similar to some of the other markets? 
And second, on a PAN-India basis, enamels and wood coatings as you highlighted, that has been 
a laggard. So do you think in Q3 you would expect recovery in that part of business? 
Hemant Jalan: 
See, Kerala has shown muted growth in the last couple of months. And that has been called out 
by other companies also. We are much more exposed to Kerala as a percentage of revenue than 
other companies. So you would have expected us to be much more adversely affected by this 
phenomenon. Fortunately for us, the other states are galloping at a very healthy rate. And they 
have made up for this somewhat muted growth in Kerala. 
We have had growth in Kerala on a positive level in each of the months. But yes, the growth 
levels have been somewhat low. I understand that some companies have even registered negative 
growth in Kerala. I do not have precise figures to substantiate it. As far as this new advertisement 
is concerned, that advertisement has hit the TV screens only from 1st of November. So its effect 
will be visible as far as Q3 is concerned. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
These ups and downs in different parts of India are not uncommon in the paint industry. And I 
do not think anyone has any logical reason as to why they happen. In a particular quarter, some 
regions grow very fast and some regions grow slowly. 
And the reverse happens probably in the next quarter. So these things are hard to predict. But 
despite having more than 25% of our sales in Kerala, we are still registering way over industry 
top-line growth. And that means that the other states are doing extremely well. And that is a 
good sign as our dependence in Kerala comes down. 
Abneesh Roy: 
And on the question on enamels and wood coatings? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So enamels and wood coatings, again, look at last quarter. Now, we had very good growth in 
enamels in the last quarter. So it was like 35% or something if I remember correctly. So again, 
these quarter to quarter variations happen. In some quarters, some segments grow much faster 
than other segments. I think it's more meaningful to look at it in the entire year as such. And that 
evens out these quarterly blips and dips that happen. So I won't read too much into it. But yes, 
in the putty segment, we have consistently been growing very well. 
Last quarter, if I remember correctly, our emulsion growth was somewhat tepid. And this 
quarter, that has bounced back. Enamels was very good last quarter. And it has been somewhat 
neutral this quarter. And I think that a statement to that effect has been made by some of the 
other larger paint companies also, whereas we continue to do extremely well in the primer 
distemper category. 
Unfortunately, we don't have this segment-wise breakup of value volume growth from other 
companies. So it is difficult to benchmark as to how we are doing in each segment vis-a-vis the 
competition. But we disclose all these numbers consistently for the last 3 years since we have 
been listed. I wish you would use your influence with the other paint companies to disclose in a 
similar manner so that benchmarking becomes a little easier. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Atharva Bhutada from Purnartha. Please go 
ahead. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So I have two questions. One was, how we have been 
able to boost industry with such high sales growth when the whole industry has been growing at 
3%? Can you please explain how we have been able to get so much demand for our products? 
And what strategies have been chosen to grow so quickly? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So you want to know why we are growing much higher than the entire industry? 
Atharva Bhutada: 
Yes, sir. 
Hemant Jalan: 
I guess, we must be doing a better job of execution. And secondly, you must remember that our 
base is somewhat lower than them. So we have loads of catching up to do. So unless we grow at 
a much higher rate than the rest of the industry, it would be impossible to catch up and overtake 
some of the companies that are significantly larger than us. And that is something that we very 
much want to do. We have spelt out the strategies that we have undertaken in the last fiscal year. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
And that was to shift our focus to the larger cities in India where we were underrepresented. To 
focus much more on tinting machine installations, which is happening now, to engage much 
more with the influencer community, the larger printing contractors in these larger cities, which 
also we have been doing for the last 18 months, and to significantly ramp up our sales force, 
where we felt that over the last few years, the size of our sales force had not quite kept up with 
the increase in sales that we had registered. 
So we made some fairly large increases in our sales force in Q1 of this year, or maybe it started 
in Q4 of last year. And now, every quarter, we are making modest increases in the size of our 
sales force. And that is helping us all of this put together is helping us register a significantly 
higher growth than the rest of the industry, which we hope will continue into the quarters ahead. 
Atharva Bhutada: 
And so, other paint companies have hinted a slowdown in rural spending. And also downgrading 
happening in rural demand. So are we seeing an uptick in demand in the rural areas, or have we 
lost any market share to the local players due to downgrading? 
Hemant Jalan: 
No, I don't think so. We do not see any stress in rural demand for paints. We have a fairly strong 
presence in all the Tier 3, Tier 4 towns in India. And we find that the overall growth rate in rural 
sectors is just about the same as far as the growth in the urban sectors is concerned. So at least 
from our end, from our perspective, we have not noticed any slowdown in rural demand. And I 
don't think we have lost any market share to any local player. 
If that would have happened, then our top-line growth rate would have been much, much lower 
than what it is today. So I think we are gaining market share. It's hard to say at whose expense 
we are gaining market share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP 
Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So my question is on the project sale space where you are trying to build up your team. So I just 
want to understand whether initially you would like to go with a few states and then you want 
to expand this business? Or you want to get into the states where you have a good presence? 
Hemant Jalan: 
Are you talking about this project sales? 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Yes, sir. 
Hemant Jalan: 
Yes, you're absolutely right. We would like to. We have selected about eight states in India 
where our retail presence is the strongest relative to our overall portfolio, because to do good 
project sales, you need to have a strong presence on the retail sector also. You need high visibility 
in the retail space to be able to venture into project sales. And since it is a new area for us, we 
would hesitate in going big bang and starting project business in every part of India. 
So we are attempting to do that initially in about eight states. We will see how the going goes, 
what kind of traction we get, what kind of corrective actions, if any, are required in our approach, 
and then gradually scale up on an all-India basis. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right, sir. So in terms of product portfolio as well, are we looking at a different kind of a product 
portfolio for this particular stage? Or we will be taking over our current portfolio under this 
particular business? 
Hemant Jalan: 
No, it will be the same portfolio completely. And some companies are known to perhaps give a 
separate line of products for project sales, which are priced a little lower, and perhaps the quality 
is also not on the same level as the retail products that they offer. We do not intend to imitate 
that. Yes, project business is a little more competitive in price, but I think we can handle it within 
our existing portfolio without diluting our product quality and coming up with a separate range 
for project sales. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right, sir. So my second question is on the differentiated product strategy. This was one of our 
strategies in the past to drive, or it was one of our key growth drivers. But, recently we have not 
been emphasizing more on this. So anything on the innovation front which you would like to 
comment going ahead, which you are planning to add to your portfolio in the coming quarters 
ahead or maybe, you know, another one year-to two-years? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So even the differentiated products that we had launched eight-years, 10-years ago, at the end of 
every year, we do report their contribution to our overall top line. And every year, we are happy 
to find that there is at least a 1% increase in their share in our overall sales, which means that 
they continue to grow at a faster rate than the rest of the portfolio. There are a lot of new products 
that keep coming up that I won't call them very, very differentiated. 
Those are more of minor variations or, different variations with higher sheen or higher dirt 
resistance, etcetera, and existing categories that keep getting launched. That is, I think, 
something very inherent with the industry and something which most companies do regularly. 
So it does not require special mention. 
As far as coming up with a really innovative, different product is concerned, yes, there are some 
products that are on the anvil, but I would hesitate to talk about them unless they actually get 
launched. Some of them could be very, very material, but they're also more challenging to 
develop. And we have been working on them. But even without that, more than a 30% 
contribution in our portfolio from differentiated products is not at all a bad number and we are 
happy to let that existing portfolio continue to grow. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Right, sir. And one last one on the construction chemical. So we have seen many paint companies 
entering into this space and there is a lot of competition in this particular space. So, how you 
would be looking at your product and how you are planning to expand it or maybe compete with 
these large players who are already there, some of them have a considerable market share. So, 
how are you planning to compete with these large players in this space? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So we are competing with them on the paint front. So, construction chemicals is no different. I 
mean, there is no product category in the consumer space which is devoid of competition or 
devoid of presence of some very large established giants. So we have made a very successful 
foray into the paint industry. Being a rank outsider, we have definitely come to the number five 
position in paints over the years, fighting the might of very, very large and very well-established 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
and very well-run companies. So I don't understand as to why it would be any different when it 
comes to construction chemicals. 
We are blessed with very, very high quality know-how, which has flown to us from our 
acquisition of Apple Chemie, who are a very, very sound technology-driven company in the 
construction chemicals and waterproofing space. Of course, they operate in the B2B space, but 
aided with that acquisition, I think, are the products that we have launched. Our first emphasis 
is on product quality, that the product quality has to be superior to whatever else is available in 
the market. We do that for every paint product and we have followed the same philosophy with 
construction chemicals. 
The second is to advertise and build a brand. We have recently shot a TV commercial, which 
will probably air from maybe January, on construction chemicals with our brand ambassador, 
Mr. M S Dhoni, to try and do some sensible brand building in this space. And the third is to 
build a network outside the paint dealers, because a lot of construction chemical sale happens 
through cement dealers or through other hardware dealers. Let Suresh speak a little bit about 
that. 
Surendra Thundiyil: 
We have actually started building a parallel team to cater to what you typically call the building 
material counters, which specialize in selling more of this construction chemical. So we are sure 
that today we are catering to almost 21% of our existing base in terms of having put the materials 
in the shelf space. So going forward, we will see more traction coming in and definitely it will 
start figuring out in terms of total share to the total sale of ours. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Thanks for the understanding and all the best for your future conference. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Lakshminarayanan from Tunga Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
In terms of your active dealers, which you have on the printing machines you are actually 
present, how many of these active dealers are multi-paint dealers? And second, in terms of the 
machines you have installed, in how many places will you be the only machine? 
Hemant Jalan: 
Almost all paint dealers in the country are multi-brand. It's very, very rare to find a single brand 
paint dealer of any company anywhere in India. So I would say that more than 99% of the dealers 
would be multi-brand. And to find a dealer where ours is the only printing machine would also 
be exceedingly rare. Most paint dealers today have a minimum of two tinting machines of 
different companies and many have three or more. So finding a paint counter where we are the 
only one who is having a tinting machine may be in some remote rural areas. That could be true. 
But in urban centers, it would be very hard to find such a dealer. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And when you appoint a dealer or put in the machine, what would be your proposition to the 
dealer? Is it a wide range of products or is it better incentive to the dealer? What kind of 
challenges do you face and how do you counter them? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So it is a difficult proposition. Obviously, the dealer understands that he would make a slightly 
more margin by selling Indigo Paints compared to an industry leading brand because our width 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
of distribution would not be as intensive. And therefore, a dealer selling Indigo Paints would 
typically not face competition from another dealer selling Indigo Paints who is 50 yards away 
or 100 yards away. 
So our dealers are a little more spread out and therefore they enjoy a higher margin. However, 
the higher margin in itself does not convince a person to install a tinting machine. He is also 
concerned about what volume of sale will he be able to generate. Unless he sees a higher or a 
significant volume of demand coming in, usually the dealer will not give you the floor space to 
install a tinting machine. So that requires a lot of working with the influencers. It requires a lot 
of sustained brand building efforts in terms of advertising. 
And once the dealer sees enough demand coming in for your product, either directly from the 
end consumer or from the influencers, which are the painters or the contractors, once he sees 
that coming and once he is convinced that he can sell a sizable portion of Indigo Paints through 
the tinting machine and thereby earn a much higher overall margin, that is the time when a dealer 
is convinced to install a tinting machine. 
So installing tinting machines is not easy because most dealers already have two brands of tinting 
machine. So when a dealer wants to install your tinting machine, he is usually displacing some 
other tinting machine which is already there in the counter. Now, another value proposition that 
we have, which aids in this process, is that even our tinting machine is very unique in its 
structure. We are the only company that offers a tinting machine with an embedded computer 
inside it. 
 
All other tinting machines offered by our competitors require a separate external PC or a laptop 
to power it, which becomes a sizable investment on the part of the dealer. And it consumes 
additional shelf space to put that PC or a laptop. Our tinting machine is very compact. It does 
not require any external computer to power it because it's embedded within that. And that also 
becomes an added attraction as far as the dealer is concerned. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
And in case of any competition, a large or small competition coming in, how do you look at it? 
What would be the proposition? Typically, it would be a reduction in the realization of the end 
customer or it would be higher margin or it could be putting more machines because you outlined 
that putting machines is not easy. It has to be done holistically. How do you think about any new 
entrants coming in or big or small in this? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So it is not for us to speculate on what strategy a new entrant would adopt and how they would 
circumvent the various modes that exist in this sector. That question is better addressed to the 
management of the proposed new entrant into the space. Whatever strategy they may choose to 
adopt, I don't think the paint industry is losing sleepless nights over it. 
The industry is large enough to accommodate more players and we are of the firm conviction 
that any new player, no matter what be its corporate size, is going to have to make a gentle entry 
into this sector and grow incrementally because it takes time to establish distribution network to 
populate printing machines, to build a brand and to establish the connect with the influencer 
community. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
And in such a large industry with decorative paint sales being in excess of INR60,000 crores per 
annum, any new entrant who may achieve whatever volume they want, whether it is INR1,000 
crores, INR1,500 crores, INR2,000 crores, is not going to cause any kind of a disturbance as far 
as the overall industry is concerned. So this is not the first time when a large group has entered 
the paint sector and this will not be the last. 
And going by past track record, no new entrant has ever shaken up the industry or caused any 
disruption into the profitability pool. So we just have to wait and see as and when the new 
entrants will come. They are welcome. They will keep us all on our toes and I don't think 
anything materially will happen to any paint company which is already there. 
Lakshminarayanan: 
So profitability pool will not go through any material changes, is what you are hypothesizing? 
Hemant Jalan: 
I don't expect it to because if somebody uses price as a lever to enter this industry, I don't think 
that that would be a sensible strategy for any company because this is not a product which sells 
on low pricing. In fact, having a slightly premium pricing position slightly aids the entry of any 
new entrant into the sector. So I don't expect that low pricing is a strategy which is going to work 
for anyone. And I sincerely doubt that any new entrant would go down that path because that 
would be at their own peril. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Varun Singh from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Varun Singh: 
So my question is on the existing discounting which is happening in the market. I understand 
your commentary that this is not a segment where a price as a primary vector for consumers to 
make decisions. But still, having said that, like whatever discounting which is happening 
currently, do you think that will have a repercussion on the brand or the brand perception itself? 
Any commentary you wish to offer? 
Hemant Jalan: 
On whose brand? 
Varun Singh: 
Sir, I'm saying in general, because of higher competition, excess discounts, offers, etcetera. are 
being rolled out. Will that not have some…¦ 
Hemant Jalan: 
I don't think that excess discounts or something have anything to do with competitive intensity. 
I mean, the competitive intensity has not changed significantly in the last 12 months. This is a 
factor of variation in raw material prices. Now, typically, the industry is accustomed to a certain 
range of gross margins and therefore a certain range of EBITDA and PAT margins, which is 
fairly good and fairly steady. 
Now, what happens is that whenever raw material prices go up by, let's say, 10%, 15% or 20%, 
rather than immediately go for a price increase, which is a complex exercise, it means changing 
MRPs and there is a lot of material in the pipeline. So it causes a lot of unnecessary disruption. 
What paint players do is that they will lower their discounting, etcetera, to the trade and 
therefore, in an indirect manner, it gets passed on to the consumer without causing any supply 
chain disruption. The reverse happens when commodity prices ease. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Now, in the last 12 months, we have seen an easing of commodity prices, which started maybe 
May, June of last year and kind of bottomed out a few months ago. And during that period, the 
industry had two choices, either lower the prices from whatever escalation they had taken when 
raw material prices went up very, very sharply two years ago or give higher discounts, which in 
a way gets passed on to the end consumer. So they don't get retained by the dealer by and large. 
So the industry at the moment has chosen to increase the level of discounting. It is being done 
by every player in the industry. 
Last three months, prices have been reasonably steady. If there were to be any significant move 
further in the downward direction, then quite possibly instead of further increasing discounts, 
the industry may resort to a price cut. But that does not appear visible on the horizon at this point 
in time, prices look quite stable, very, very minor upturn visible in the last couple of months, but 
too minor to cause any significant change in the discount structure. 
And in case the raw material prices start moving up, you will find this discount level slowly 
shrinking until you reach a point where price increase becomes a necessity. So I don't think that 
it affects the brand value of any company. And I don't think that this increase in discount has 
any relation to the competitive intensity, which has not undergone any change in the last 12 
months. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it. Understood, sir. Very clear. And the second question is on Apple Chemie. So, sir, what 
is the three-year view? How do you see growth rates and hope for differentiation over the years, 
sir? 
Hemant Jalan: 
So Apple Chemie was a very strong B2B player in construction, chemicals and waterproofing 
in the state of Maharashtra, with very strong marquee clients like L&T and Shapoorji Pallonji 
and B.G. Shirke and Afcons and a whole lot of other leading infrastructural project executors. 
So they have been supplying products to, Pune Metro, Mumbai Metro, now the new trans-harbor 
link coming in Mumbai, the Samruddhi Expressway from Nagpur to Bombay and so on and so 
forth. 
Now, after our acquisition, we have pushed them to expanding their sales force outside 
Maharashtra in many regions. So they have made a very radical change in their sales force. Now, 
they have sales offices in 8-10 parts of India outside Maharashtra. Being a B2B business, it takes 
a little time to get your products approved. Maybe even with the same vendor, even if it is L&T 
or even if it is Shapoorji Pallonji in Delhi or Hyderabad or Chennai or Kolkata, you will have to 
go and get the product approved at each location. And they have started getting their approvals 
and they have started getting their orders from these newer geographies. 
And this we expect to grow. We are roughly looking at for the whole year, this financial year 
we expect that the top line would grow from 45% to 50% or thereabouts in this year. And 
depending on how the scale up happens, once we get the confidence that these new geographies 
are yielding the desired results, we will push them into further strengthening the sales force in 
all of these geographies and maybe some other geographies which they have not yet looked at. 
So the sky is the limit. It's a huge industry with massive potential. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
And, there is a possibility. I'm not saying that it will happen, but I'm saying even 100% growth 
on a Y-on-Y basis is not inconceivable given the potential that exists and given the fact that they 
have been so far operating in just one limited geography with considerable success. 
So we are quite optimistic about Apple Chemie. I don't want to give a number guidance as to 
where Apple Chemie will end up in turnover in the next two to three years. We are looking at a 
INR55 crores to INR60 crores turnover in the current fiscal. Whether next year it scales up to 
INR100 crores or a little less than that or much more than that, I think we'll have to take it one 
step at a time, see the results for this year before giving any guidance for the next fiscal. But we 
are very optimistic about very high growth rate as far as that company is concerned. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood, sir. And any scope for differentiation compared to other players into the segment? 
Hemant Jalan: 
They do have some differentiated products which other people in the country are not 
manufacturing, where they compete with imported products. And because of their sound 
technology, they are able to operate at a much, much lower price than the imported counterparts 
and still deliver extremely high gross margins in some of those products. 
Now, differentiation in this sector, when you talk about B2B, it actually changes from site to 
site, because the grade of cement being used in one project in a city could be quite different from 
the cement being used in another project in the same city. The quality of sand varies and 
therefore, you have to keep tailor making the additives and construction chemical to suit each 
project. And you virtually have to set up a mini mobile lab at each project site to continuously 
monitor that, because even during the course of execution of a project, the quality of sand or the 
quality of cement may undergo some change. 
So a minor change is required and some customization is required at the level of construction 
chemicals. And you have to be very nimble on your feet to keep doing that, if you want to sustain, 
because all of these projects typically last for about three years and many changes happened in 
the quality of ingredients during that three year period. So that kind of change, differentiation, 
being very service oriented, having mobile labs at the sites of large projects are something that 
they do, which is what has made them successful in the past. 
Varun Singh: 
Understood, sir. And sir, one last question, what would be our progress on Strategy 2.0 and if 
you could highlight the success of it in some micro macro market in India for us? 
Hemant Jalan: 
No, I can't give you granular information at the state level as to which state it has worked better 
and which state it is not. Obviously, the strategy is working very well. Otherwise, we would not 
be registering more than 4x the industry growth. So the proof of the success of the strategy is 
there before you in terms of numbers. All I can say is that, our team is confident that this gap 
between Indigo Paints and the rest of the industry in terms of growth percentage, we would 
expect it to only widen in Q3 and Q4. 
There are many markets in India, which in the last quarter have given us in excess of 100% 
growth. And these are not tiny territories. These are some fairly big states where we already had 
a good presence. Why some state gives you 100% growth and some state gives you a 5% growth 
is a question that is difficult to answer. It all depends upon how well the team there is executing. 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
We would like all states to rise and give us at least a 50% growth rate. That is all our endeavor 
and that is the direction in which we are pushing. And we hope we come up with much better 
industry leading performance in Q3. That is our attempt. 
And as I said, October has been a spectacular month. The growth rate that we have witnessed in 
October of this year, I have not seen in our company in any month during the last three years, 
four years. So it has been a pleasant surprise. Can we sustain it in November, December? We 
certainly hope so. But we keep our fingers crossed. 
Varun Singh: 
Got it, sir. Very clear. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Nilesh Patil: 
We have indicated that the growth in Tier 1, Tier 2 cities have outpaced the growth in Tier 4 and 
Tier 3 cities. We just wanted to understand whether in Tier 1 and 2 cities as well, the premium 
product sale has led to economic products? Is it a fair understanding? 
Hemant Jalan: 
The growth rates? Yes. I mean, overall growth rates in the economy sector in Q2 have grown 
much faster than the premium range products, across all sizes of cities. That is more a 
phenomena of what happens during this quarter, which is a monsoon quarter. Typically, I mean, 
the painting is led by exterior painting and most of your premium products in terms of share of 
total pie happen to be your exterior range products. And exterior products do suffer a muted 
growth rate during this period, because of monsoon. Q2 is completely a monsoon quarter. And 
the product mix changes substantially. 
So it is not surprising that most companies have reported a higher growth rate in the economy 
range products. And so have we, which is why for every company, the volume growth rate is a 
little higher than the value growth rate, because in a price stable scenario, if all products were to 
grow at the same rate, theoretically, there should be zero difference between value and volume 
growth. 
The fact that volume growth exceeds value growth means that the lower end products have 
grown at a slightly faster pace than the premium range products. And to answer your specific 
question, that is true both in Tier 1, Tier 2 towns as well as in the smaller towns, at least as far 
as last quarter is concerned. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes, understood. So in Q3 or you can say in H2, the pricing growth is likely to revise, can we 
assume that? 
Hemant Jalan: 
That's very hard to predict. We are seeing a growth in both segments, the premium segment and 
the economy sector, which segment will grow faster. Now, if the premium sector growth will 
outstrip the economy sector growth, of course, the share of premium products naturally rises in 
Q3. But when you do a year-on-year comparison, it was also higher in Q3 of last year. 
Now, whether the growth rate of the premium segment will be higher in Q3 compared to the 
economy segment is something very hard to predict. But overall, the share of premium products 

 
Indigo Paints Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
definitely rises in Q3 and Q4, which is why gross margins improve tremendously during Q3 and 
Q4 and so do EBITDA and PAT margins. 
So that I can safely predict that the gross margins would be significantly higher in Q3 and much 
more higher as we go forward into Q4. And the same you would notice for EBITDA margins 
and PAT margins. Now, whether the difference between value and volume growth rates, would 
reverse or flip itself is something that, frankly, I don't think I can make an honest prediction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Hemant Jalan: 
Thank you. Thank you all for giving us a very patience hearing and joining in this call. I wish 
you all a very, very Happy Diwali and a joyous festive season. And we look forward to 
interacting with you again three-months from now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
