Ref: ITL/SE/2023-24/43 
Date: November 04, 2023 
To, 
The Manager, 
Corporate Relation Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai — 400001 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5'» Floor; Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400051 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q2 FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call held 
on October 31, 2023. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //in10stech.com /investors/earnings- 
call 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Al, Vikrampuri, Secunderabad - 500 009, 
a 
l 
Telangana, India 
Nn 
S 
T: 
+91 40 44558585 
F: 
+91 40 77819040 
E: 
info@imlOstech.com CIN- L30007TGI9S90PLCOTI51IO 
Our Global Offices 
; Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
| Singapore 
  
www.iniOstech.com
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2023.11.04 
17:27:53 +05'30'

Inlos*" 
“Intense Technologies Limited 
Q2-FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2023 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C.K.SHASTRI 
: FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. ANISHA SHASTRI 
: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. ANIL KUMAR VENGAYIL 
: COO 
MR. NITIN SARDA 
: CFO 
MS. PRATYUSHA PODUGU 
: COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. LOKESH 
: FINANCE TEAM 
Page 
1 of 17

InlOs” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
October 31, 2023 
  
Moderator: 
S Rangnekar: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Intense Technologies Limited Q2 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be 
in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over 
to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank you and over to you. 
Good afternoon and thank you 
for joining 
us 
on Intense Technologies Second 
Quarter FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have with us Mr. C.K. Shastri, 
Managing Director; 
Mr. Anil Kumar, Chief Operating Officer; 
Ms. Anisha Shastri, 
Director; Mr. Nitin Sarda, CFO; Ms. Pratyusha, Company Secretary and Mr. Lokesh 
from the Finance team. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on today's call 
could be forward-looking in nature and a note to that effect has been included in the 
earnings release of the Company, which 
is also available on the stock exchanges 
website. 
| would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to give us a brief overview of the Company's 
performance and to introduce the team. Over to you, Mr. Shastri. 
Thank you, Siddharth and good afternoon to all our investors. Thank you very much 
for taking time for this Earnings Call. 
It's always a privilege to engage and interact 
with our investors because your critical feedback always helps us improve and do 
better and better as we move along as a Company. 
As such, I'm sure most of about Intense Technologies, but for those who do not know 
about Intense Technologies, we've been an enterprise product Company for a very 
long time and rechristened ourselves today into a tech enabled services in the last 
nine months or so, and we are building, as I've shared in the last meeting, we have 
very marquee customers, whether it is banking, we have customers like Axis Bank, 
HDFC Bank, 
IDFC 
First Bank, 
IndusInd Bank, YES Bank. And similarly, 
in the 
insurance sector, we have the who’s who, 
as our customers, same 
is with the 
telecom, we have Jio, BSNL, Vodafone to name a few. And we have started onto a 
path where we would want to expand from our existing product to tech-enabled 
services, which is seeing good results, which my colleague, Anisha would be sharing 
with you, a detailed overview of this. 
I'm sure we are seeing the investments what we are making, progress in the right 
direction, where we wish the Company to go forward and the results are the reflection 
of the same. We had a year-on-year growth on quarter-to-quarter basis at a 55% 
growth, Rs.32.78 crore is what we have done in the Q2 FY24 vis-a-vis Rs. 21.16 
Page 2 of 17

Anisha Shastri: 
crore. Similarly, half yearly Rs. 56.73 crore to Rs. 36.32 crore. There also we have 
seen a significant growth of 54%. 
EBITDA as you can also see that we have Rs. 7 crore vis-a-vis Rs. 6 crore last year 
which 
is again increased by 15% and same goes with the Net Profit and EBITDA 
which are already published and they're with you. 
| would not want to take much of your time so that we'll have more time for your 
questions. 
| will hand over the details to be provided by Anisha on the Company 
overview and what we see the Company and the investments what we have made 
in “Project “Butterfly”, how 
it's panning 
out and what 
is the way forward 
as 
a 
Company. Over to you, Anisha. 
Thank you, CK and thank you all for joining the call today. My name is Anisha. I'm 
an Executive Director here at Intense. 
So, for those of you who have been joining this call for the last couple of quarters, 
you will know that in Q4 we started something called “Project Butterfly.” This was our 
initiative to ensure, #1, how do we leverage all these marquee customers that we 
have and how are we able to farm. Now, the intention of Project Butterfly was to see 
how do we create more revenue streams for the organization. Erstwhile, we were 
only selling our license and services. So, we added a lot of large marquee names to 
our credit, but we were only selling that one license and services around that license 
to our customers. So, Project Butterfly was all about adding new revenue streams 
so that we are able to farm our existing customers better and we're also able to 
provide significant value to newer customers that we're adding on to our kitty as well. 
We 
also 
further decided 
that we would 
focus 
purely 
on 
BFSI, 
telecom 
and 
government. These are the domains where we have our expertise and we said 
without deviating 
and without diluting 
our focus 
and 
our resources across 
all 
verticals. We will focus predominantly on BFSI, government and telecom. 
Third, we were in a good position from a cash standpoint where we finally had the 
appetite to make investments into sales. As an organization, |'m sure for those of 
you who have been following us for a long time now, that sales and marketing has 
always been our weakness. And so, we wanted to definitely critically address these 
pain points. So, from Q4 onwards, we started adding additional people in our sales 
engine. 
In fact, as a matter of fact, even this quarter we added four additional sales 
personnel with pointed focus around being able to cross-sell, up-sell these new 
revenue streams that we've added. 
Apart from the IP assets that we already had that we use to service our customers, 
what we did was, we expanded horizontally and vertically around the skill sets that 
we have and around the IP that we possess. So, we added in terms of new revenue 
streams, 
we added communications governance 
beyond 
just communications, 
designing and presentment, we added data services, data quality, data remediation, 
data governance services, we added transmission services to complete the last mile 
of the communication piece, we added cloud services to manage our customers, 
cloud infra, migration from on-prem to cloud environments, migration across hyper 
scalers like AWS, Azure, etc., those kind of capabilities. We have a lot of product- 
minded 
talent with 
us, 
which 
the world 
as opposed 
to conventional 
services 
organizations, this product mindset really helps 
in delivering solutions 
in 
a much 
more generic manner which customers are able to reap benefits in the longer run. 
So, we added those talent services and government managed services. We forayed 
into government, we finally had the appetite to take on government and so, we added 
government managed services also to our revenue streams. We also added strong 
partnerships with companies like AWS, Oracle, etc., so that we are able to look at 
Page 3 of 17

how we can expand in international markets, more economically. For us, erstwhile 
adding one salesperson to man an entire continent, those models were not working 
out for us, and so our focus has been around how do we add partners that can help 
us get to these regions and help us sell our services and IP-based services in those 
regions. 
So, in fact, 
if you look at some of these green shoots that we've added, I'm proud to 
say that even the few projects that we've already closed over the last couple of 
quarters, our customers have seen significant benefits. 
For example, on the communications governance front, today, we help a bank save 
about $10 million every year 
in their communications spend because of the way 
they're able to govern their overall communications strategy across the entire bank, 
pan bank. Similarly, 
if you look at the data quality issue, now, 
if you look at a bank 
for instance, they're selling hundreds of products across CASA, credit card, loans, 
demat, they have so many different offerings that they're selling to their customers 
and regulatory penalties are huge when your data quality is an issue. 
You are not able to upsell, cross sell to your customers because your data quality is 
an issue and your operations costs are heavy because you're trying to service 
customers, but you have poor data supporting all your analytics. And ultimately for 
any organization, you how important analyzing your operations, analyzing your data 
today is. But your analytics are only as strong as the data that is fed into 
it. Like in 
Java, there is this terminology saying garbage-in, garbage-out. So, 
if you don't have 
relevant data that you're feeding into your analytics engine, then that is going to cost 
the organization a lot in terms of their decision-making and their ability to cross-sell, 
up-sell to customers further. So, we solve such kind of mission-critical problems for 
our customers and all of these services are seeing great traction in the market, both 
with existing customers and with new customers. 
Similarly, 
if you're also doing things 
in government around managed services, 
automating processes, helping bring in cutting edge tech to government processes 
to ensure citizen services 
are smoother, 
they're 
able 
to, 
say, 
provide welfare 
schemes 
to citizens 
better, 
more accessible through WhatsApp, through more 
citizen-friendly platform. 
So, 
all of these kind 
of green shoots that we've added are definitely helping us 
understand the kind of potential and the value that we can also offer to our customers 
better. And I'm happy to say that some of these things are also paying off. You will 
have seen 
it in the form of our results as well. 
From a hiring standpoint, we have continued to invest in sales and we're doing very 
sharp shooted sales hiring. We're not hiring generalists, we're hiring people who can 
help expand on each of these individual revenue streams that we've added and 
we've fortunately found some good talent, let's see how this pans out. 
So, overall, strategy per se, what we started in Q4 last year continues to remain the 
same. We are pretty bullish about what we set forward, and of course, like all of our 
strategy takes some time to pay off. 
But we are very confident 
in what we had 
originally set forward and we want to continue on the same path and hopefully it will 
reflect in our year-on-year results. So, my request to all of you also is don't look at 
us like a quarter-on-quarter organization. Our focus is year-on-year growth which we 
are gunning. Our annuity revenues continue to support us and the green shoots are 
also adding to our annuity revenues. 
Page 4 of 17

Moderator: 
CA Nihar Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
CA Nihar Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
CA Nihar Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Nitin Sarda: 
So, thank you for your patience in us and we look forward to continuing to put in the 
efforts to see how we can grow year-on-year. Thank you so much. And now | think 
we'll open 
it up for questions if anyone has anything else to add? 
We will now begin the question and answer session. We have our first question from 
the line of CA Nihar Shah from Crown Capital. Please go ahead. 
This was just in the reference to the guidance on the last concall. In the last concall, 
we said that we are expecting around 30% EBITDA growth and 20% to 25% revenue 
growth. So, are we 
in line to do that for the year or has there been any change 
because our numbers have been great, so is there any change or are we in line to 
do that? 
While we are investing significantly in all these additional revenue streams to pay off, 
we will continue to spend on our sales efforts and marketing efforts. So, 
| would not 
want to commit anything on numbers as such. We may be requiring to continue to 
make these investments to see that these green shoots pay off. But from a growth 
standpoint, we are hopeful that all our strategies will pay off in the long term and we 
are gunning for it. 
Any sort of outlook for FY25 or '26 from your end? 
It's only been about two, three quarters since the Butterfly actually started kicking off 
and we are slowly able to see the results of it. We hope to continue on the same 
trajectory. 
How much percentage of customers we already have, are we cross-selling or up-sell 
something like that like conversion ratio, do we have a conversion ratio where we 
use the Project Butterfly for the clients and they have converted and we have been 
able to sell more? 
| probably don't have a number around the conversion ratio. What we have done is, 
we have segregated all our accounts into strategic, growth, active accounts, etc., 
We've set targets for each of those accounts and our account managers are now 
consciously working on what all they can cross-sell into existing accounts. 
We have our next question from the line of Rajesh Aynor from IT! Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Sir, my question is around the margin profile because we have an existing - 
Your voice 
is very low, Mr. Rajesh. 
The question was around margin profile because we have an existing business and 
then we are also required to make lot of investments in the upcoming area, which is 
on the Project Butterfly. So, can you give us some sense of where exactly the margin 
would be heading and after the ramp up phase, or how long can this phase be where 
we are growing at a higher rate? 
Nitin here. From a cash and liquidity standpoint, see, when we closed financial year 
in March '23, we were sitting on our liquidity of about Rs.25 crore, and 
it has Rs. 12 
to Rs. 45 crore for this quarter end. When 
| say that it is inclusive of our fixed deposits 
with banks, mutual funds and the cash balances lying in our bank account. So, we 
definitely have a higher appetite. But in terms of the expected investments, we have 
to make in our Project Butterfly. 
It's more of an exploration journey. We do have 
it 
like Anisha has mentioned, we are going for hiring talent on a sharp shooting basis 
Page 5 of 17

C.K. Shastri: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Rajesh Aynor: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Anisha Shastri: 
where we see people who have relevant expertise and experience in this particular 
segment, we are trying to onboard them... talent with experience definitely comes at 
a price tag. So, 
in the short run, these investments will have to be made to ensure 
that we are successfully able to navigate this transformation stage. 
To further add to what Nitin said, what we are saying is that the investments will be 
in the next six months to a year, thereafter the margin growth you could see. 
What kind of margin profile does the underlying business have? 
All the revenue streams are at multiple margins like for example the transmission 
services 
is 
a lower margin business, 
but ultimately 
it covers the last mile. So, 
it 
improves stickiness on the customers premises, right? So, some of these are lower 
margin, then the data is a high margin business. So, whatever green shoots we've 
added are a combination of multiple margin. 
But that 
part you're saying 
will 
be 
relatively clear after we are done with 
this 
investment phase, all these expenses will be getting loaded? 
Yes. 
What 
is our export business currently and are we really focusing on export also 
because we have a 
lot in the domestic business itself? 
We have added 
partners 
internationally with 
the endeavor 
to focus 
on 
export 
business. But in terms of sales personnel per se, our focus has been more in India. 
How much is exports currently for us as a percentage of top line? 
It's around 20%. 
We have a next question from the line of Sumit Kothari, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Expenditure item which is called the IT infrastructure cost which is shot up to almost 
six crore in the current quarter, which is like 6x year-on-year and still a substantial 
increase even from the last quarter, can you give some detail on this cost and the 
trajectory going forward for this? 
So basically, 
if you remember from our last quarter, a lot of investors and analysts 
have been asking questions on our operating expenses as to reasons why 
it has 
shot up. Previously, what we were doing 
is, since we have also magnified our 
offerings, there's a lot of composite deals that we engage with our customers wherein 
there is also a component of supply of IT, hardware. So, what we used to do earlier 
is to club this in operating expenses and that's where if you look at our earlier results, 
you'll see that the operating costs shot up and there were a 
lot of questions on that. 
So, what we have done 
is to provide better clarity. We have carved out this from 
operating expenses and mentioned 
it separately for the previous periods as well. 
From 
a trajectory standpoint, these are deals, we cannot say for certainty, 
this 
depends on how the engagement progresses, the delivery progresses. 
Typically, 
in most government deals, these are all always composite. So, you have 
to provide hardware, software, managed services, maintenance, all of that as part of 
an overall tender, right? So, like even BSNL, etc., all of these accounts and even the 
accounts that we've added 
in government 
in the 
last quarter, they 
all have 
a 
Page 6 of 17

Sumit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
C.K. Shastri: 
component of hardware, a component of software, and managed services AMC. So, 
that's why you see that number go up. 
The next question 
is regarding the margins. 
| know we have spoken a 
lot about 
margins, but see, I've been invested in Intense probably for the last decade, a pretty 
large investor And I’ve always seen that the margins have been in the range of 30% 
to 35%. Now, 
| know that we are evolving ourselves from an enterprise product 
Company to a tech enabled Company and we are making huge investments and the 
margins are lower currently around 18% to 20% range. So, what we are saying 
is 
that probably after six, eight months when we are done with our investments, will we 
go back to a 35% kind of EBITDA margins in the long run? 
That is the hope, but like 
| said, 
in the new revenue streams that we've added, some 
revenue streams are low margin but high stickiness businesses and some are low 
volume, but high margin businesses. We've added both as a combination and the 
strategies, 
| mean, you understand with the intention of improving stickiness with our 
customers, with the intention of improving longevity of deals, etc., right? So, given 
the fact that we are adding a combination of margin businesses, 
| may not be able 
to comment at the moment as to how much that number will be per se, 
but our 
endeavor is to see that we are able to maximize on it. 
Even 
if we have some clarity on the direction, 
if not the absolute number, 
is 
it fair to 
say that the 18%, 20% is like the rock bottom in terms of margins and it can probably 
only go up from here, do we have at least that clarity? 
| know we are looking at a 
consolidated mix of different products here, but can we say with full confidence that 
this 18%, 20% is bare minimum that we will clock? 
Like we said even for the current quarter if you see 70% of our revenue continues to 
come from annual engagements and 30% is something that we have started to see 
come from TaaS, government services, transmission services. So, 
it would be safe 
to say that 18% to 20% would continue to be delivered on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
And also, see, the Project Butterfly 
is something that we have put 
in place. 
It's a 
multi-year transformative strategy, and as an outcome of that strategy once we have 
in place, overall depending on the weightage of the revenue coming from each of the 
segments, right, you will see that our absolute number will definitely be higher from 
every year performance. 
The operating 
leverage should come 
into picture maybe once we have some 
streams. Nitin, 
if you can highlight something on the top line front at least? So now 
we are changing our strategy from enterprise to tech enabled service Company, so 
| expect at least the revenue predictability to be much higher than what we have seen 
in the earlier days like because 
it was a product Company, the cycles were longer 
and we were not sure about giving any guidance for the next quarter or for the next 
year also, but now we have some predictability in terms of revenue, so can we say 
that this 32 crore that we did in this quarter, so there's at least like the base revenue 
that we have or can 
it be very volatile even the revenue part? 
See, I'lladdress your question in two parts. So, first thing is quarter-on-quarter results 
that we declare. 
| would request you to not perceive us from that prism. Kindly 
evaluate us from year-on-year basis. We have done Rs. 32 crore in this quarter. On 
a year-on-year basis we'll definitely deliver growth compared to the prior years. But, 
it also depends on the traction that we've seen from each of the segments like 
| 
mentioned. 
Just to add to what Nitin said, this is not pureplay people resources, like you hire 
number of people and number of people like any traditional services, these are all 
niche technology-based services and it has also its own selling cycles. 
Page 7 of 17

Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Sumit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Moderator: 
Namit Arora: 
| was just trying to reiterate the guidance that you have given. So, the Rs. 32 crore if 
you annualize it, you come close to Rs. 120 crore, Rs. 90-odd crore you have done 
in the last financial year. So, 
is this a fair number to have in my valuation sheet, Rs. 
120-odd crore? 
| understand you have been joining us from all quarterly earnings calls, right? So, 
while we had mentioned - 
Much before that, I've been there for a long, long time. 
Correct, correct. Basically, 
in Q4, traditionally looked at our results, Q4 was lumpier 
wherein 50% of our top line 
is to come in Q4. But what we have started to do is, 
wherever contract is coming up for renewal, we are really finding the milestones so 
that the revenue gets recognized in the straight-line basis and which would address 
your volatility factor. But having said that, from a year-to-year basis, since we are 
redefining those essentially same contracts with marginal growth in some cases and 
good growth in some cases, 
| would not really extrapolate this quarter's performance 
to the whole year. While our ambition and objective are to achieve those, but we 
definitely are looking at what you had mentioned 20% growth year-on-year. 
What do you think where will we be needing some investments, as you are changing 
the strategy. So, which year would you think will be the best year some time like 
FY25, FY26. 
If you can throw some light because we can see it happening because 
we are making some investments, so, based on some assumptions we can see 
it 
happening. So, can you say with some confidence that FY25 will be the year for us 
or FY26, 
if you can say - 
| would say with a lot of disclaimers here, because FY25, '26, two, three years is a 
very 
big time 
for the macroeconomics and microeconomics 
at 
play, which 
are 
definitely not in our control. But FY26 
is where we'll see the total outcome of our 
Project Butterfly because we are in the advanced stages of its implementation, so I'll 
put it that way. 
Because of the change in strategy, can we expect the payables from the debtors 
which are there to change now you have like almost Rs. 40-odd crore of receivables, 
so because of the change of cycles, because it's more like a service Company now, 
can we expect the receivables to be received much before and the working capital 
cycle to improve or is it going to continue for some more time? 
No. See, like I've mentioned, the definitely the collections will improve. Even 
if you 
look at from March, although the reported numbers have gone down only marginally 
from Rs. 53 crore to Rs. 
51 
crore, right? As we speak today, we have actually 
realized more than 20% of outstanding from September and we are expecting to 
have 
higher collections 
in 
this 
current month 
as 
well. 
So 
definitely 
we'll see 
improvement in collection cycles, better working capital management. 
We have our next question from the line of Namit Arora from Indgrowth Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, my question was on competitive landscape. 
If you could give us your thoughts 
on some of the companies’ you run into typically as competitors? That was one, 
second is that how do you position yourself in terms of differentiators or what do you 
think is your competitive advantage vis-a-vis the competitors? And the third related 
question 
is that, are there any larger companies that you sort of respect or admire 
which may be sort of role models or aspiration? 
| would be very grateful for your 
thoughts on these questions. 
Page 8 of 17

C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
That's a very good question, sir. The thing is that we are talking about niche areas in 
the technology side. So, this is not a pureplay services game, which we have planned 
to play that we are talking about. We have built IP assets in the data side, we have 
data deduplication, data extraction, data quality tools, all these things. Even our low 
code platform and some of the things which we have built the digital engagement 
platform which have been deployed at scale, these tools help in delivering faster and 
at a better cost to the end customer. So, our value proposition we being for last 1.5 
decade plus, we've built a lot of IP assets being the product mindset as a Company 
and we are now monetizing 
all these assets 
in terms of providing tech enabled 
solutions, tech enabled services. So that's the key differentiator and you will find very 
few people with these kinds of capabilities. Of course, there are niche data, only data 
services players, only low code players only transmission players and so on and so 
forth. So, we are giving a combination of the value what we deliver in terms of time 
to deliver and in terms of cost advantage. 
We have our next question from the line of Yogesh Bhatia from Sequent Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir, actually this is my first time attending the call for Intense Technologies. 
| wanted 
to know how do we work in the sense do we have any sort of order book that we look 
like or do we have some contracts or how does the revenue, how do they work for 
us? 
See, the farming or the existing annuity revenue comes from the existing contracts 
what we have with our customers and the new logos, new customers or the new 
contracts that come in. So, existing contracts comprise of the old ones, some of them 
have licensed AMC, some of them are. complete managed services where you get 
paid monthly basis, some we have on a SaaS model. So, existing contracts, we have 
a mix thing, but we are looking at building most of our contracts into our annuity- 
based revenues. 
So ideally, when Intense Technologies goes and gets a client or a logo, it's more like 
a three-year, four-year, five-year annuity sort of business that this 
is the kind 
of 
service that we are going to provide for the next four to five years? 
Absolutely. 
Are we able to ascertain certain value when we get the contract, see, this 
is the 
amount of work that we are going to do for them over the period of next four years, 
five years? 
Typically, yes. With this new strategy, we could see some upside to it by cross-selling 
and upselling other services to the existing clients. 
Ideally, what is the size of these kind of engagements like 
Rs. 10 crore -Rs. 5 crore 
sort of client 
is what we look at annually or its larger and what sort of resources 
usually we deploy, 
| mean by the number of engineers or man hours that we deploy 
for this engagement? 
That's what 
| said, the difference here is just it's not people versus the revenue, it's 
not like a typical 100% services organization, where number of people per head = 
earnings is what it is taken into. Here, we bring in the IP. With the IP and the services, 
a number of people required will be less because of using the IP. The margins are 
better. 
What is the ticket size of a logo that you have -? 
Page 9 of 17

C.K. Shastri: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Yogesh Bhatia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Moderator: 
Milan Shah: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Milan Shah: 
It all depends, the size, we take deals right from we have customers who pay us Rs. 
1 crore year to a $1 million a year to $2, $3 million a year also. 
It all depends on the 
size of the deal, size of the work, the engagement, what we take up. We have a mix 
of all of these. Some have just purely - 
You say that you will do 25% growth or 30% growth or some number that you have 
envisaged as a Company, but we as investor community, how do we track that, how 
do we get a sense that this is going to happen or these are the chances because 
most of the IT companies that we understand, they work on order book basis or they 
have some contract value basis, how do we as analyst investment community try to 
track that for a year for Intense Technologies? 
So, to answer your question, Yogesh, see, like we mentioned, we have our annuity 
engagements, which typically see a growth of 20% year-on-year and - 
Is 
it fair to assume that Rs. 90 crore turnover that we did last year, 
in which how 
much percentage is annuity? How does as an investor 
| Know that? 
| understand. Rs.60 crore was coming from annuity engagements, and from year- 
on-year you can probably assume that we will be able to deliver 15% to 20% to be 
on the safe side on our annuity engagements. And since we have forayed into new 
services, 
it would be very difficult for us to put any number because the market 
traction that we are receiving for 
it looks very promising and it's going to be only a 
better year-on-year performance, 
I'll put it that way. 
If you can break this number for me for this quarter of Rs. 32 crore how much was 
annuity and how much was new business? 
About Rs. 25 crore has come from annuity and the balance has come from our TaaS 
services, government services, data services and a 
bit from transmission services. 
This has started to come in just after two to three quarters of our offerings. 
The project butterfly. What you mentioned? 
Yes, yes. 
We have our next question from the 
line 
of Milan Shah from 
Urmil Research 
Consultancy. Please go ahead. 
My question is understanding the infrastructure cost, which is increased in half yearly 
from Rs. 3.5 crore to Rs. 8.99 crore. What is the trajectory for full year and now what 
is this investment -- is 
it like a cloud services? 
So, 
if 
| have understood your question correctly, you want to understand the nature 
of this cost and what 
it is going to be for this financial year, right? So, basically to 
answer your first question, these are 
a hardware procurement cost that we also 
deliver as part of a composite contract with our customers. And these are very deal- 
specific, Milan. So, 
if there is any other deal that comes up from government or from 
other customers that requires 
us 
to supply some hardware, 
servers then this 
definitely would go up and the recovery cycles again is pretty quick we realize, our 
invoices within 30 to 45 days max. So, 
it would be very difficult for me to give you a 
trajectory. This is very deal specific. 
What is the margin in this investment? We have incurred 10 crore cost. We got any 
sense of margin in these investments? 
Page 
10 of 17

Nitin Sarda: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Milan Shah: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Milan Shah: 
C.K. Shastri: 
See, 
it varies from contract-to-contract. 
Combined of our services, right? 
It will have a combination of service and software and this piece. So, while the margin 
on this front will be low, the margin on the software services part will be higher to 
cover up, so 
it works like that. 
My second question is intangible asset is Rs. 20.9 crore. 
It is depreciated in long run 
or gradually it is going to be written-off? 
These are our software that have been under development for the Company for quite 
some time. Marketing communication hub called which we call it as “Reach.” We are 
also developing Blockchain. So, these all softwares are being developed based on 
our on the ground feedback from our customers which ensure that there will be 
economic benefits that we definitely are going to realize. For a few of our solutions 
we have reached at the cusp of deployment. We are in UAT testing phase. So, we 
will see some of these being deployed in the current year. So, once we are able to 
license them to our customers, deploy them in the customers environment, we'll start 
amortizing 
it. And at that point of time, definitely, we will try to evaluate what would 
be the economic life of this and then we'll amortize over a period of such useful life. 
And congratulations for Nitin. After his joining our Company’s cash flow is increasing, 
and you see he is going to be making good efforts in collecting dues, but 
| want to 
understand 
in this call from any USA Company we are going to acquisition or in 
negotiation stage. 
It is in development in this stage? 
We are in talks in terms of partnership. We've 
| think made a press release. We had 
tied up with the Natsoft to be our strategic partner for us, to take our products and 
solutions to the market. But from a strategic perspective, that 
is only a sales and 
marketing agreement, but not financial investment or anything which has come up 
as yet. 
CDR India is making very, very good announcement. 
| want to understand after AGM 
is completed one month before, and the disclosure to extend 
is after one month. 
What we are going to do in one month. So, to be careful and 
| suggest Company has 
to do some presentation to Bombay or investors community to make any investor 
conference in Company. 
It's 
a very good 
input. We're definitely planning 
to have 
a presentation and 
a 
roadshow post-Diwali 
is what we are looking at. We are coordinating with CDR to 
come and present; what we intend to tell you what we are doing in our Company as 
a project butterfly and what are the solutions we have, what are the IP assets we 
have, what are the customers we have, all those details. 
Sir, can you give me any detail in sector wise, any banking, government services 
and 
insurance, 
any 
aggregate 
number, 
| 
didn’t want 
a 
perfect number, 
how 
percentage wise we are going to service these industries? 
We don't have that bifurcation at hand — 
No problem, sir. 
| will mail for that one. But it is better to understand which sector we 
are going to - 
We are focusing a lot on the banking side, BFS! side from what we were hitherto in 
the beginning, we were more or less Known as the telecom Company, but in the last 
Page 11 of 17

Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Milan Shah: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
CK Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
one, one and half, two years we made great foray into BFSI and made significant 
progress in that. 
My last question is what is the manpower strength right now, any reason to hire or 
maybe restructuring for the same? 
We are currently at about 565-odd people. All investments predominantly in this year 
have been made only 
on the business development, 
sales, 
etc., 
So, 
any new 
additions also will more 
or less 
be 
in these directions. 
To service our existing 
customers, 
| think we have enough people. We won't need to add significantly on 
that front. Investments will largely be on the sales front only. 
We can be confident if we are going to see more growth in next one or two years? 
That's the hope. 
That's the reason we are making these investments and we are already seeing some 
green shoots and that it's quite encouraging to see that and we hope we definitely 
do much, much better than what we do this year. 
We have our next question from the line of Aejas Lakhani, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
| have just two follow up for your opening remarks and then a couple of questions. 
So Anisha, 
first, there are two points which were quite clear that you 
sort 
of 
articulated at the start. 
| want to refer to both of those. One is that you mentioned the 
new streams of revenue. So, are these all built out on the NXT platform in the plug- 
and-play format that we've been historically following? That's one on your opening. 
And second 
is you spoke and the words that were distinctly different in when you 
spoke about the cash being used to make sales which has been a weak function. 
You spoke about be more pointed, be more very vertical specific in your approach 
of sales. Now, having seen the Company over many years, we've had this kind of an 
approach when we won the Vodafone deal and 
| think 2016 when we had the 
European... our sales function head there, who was also trying to cross reference 
the India to the Vodafone or with Anil coming on board and managing the large PSU 
project. I'm really trying to understand that in the erstwhile approach of sales versus 
the current, what has really changed and how do you measure 
it and manage it? 
One big difference before Anisha answers that. See, what we were doing then was 
only selling license and services around the license. But now we've expanded our 
offerings completely. Over to you, Anisha. 
The first question that you asked around the NXT platform. So, 
in 
a 
lot of these 
implementations, yes, we do use that underlying 
IP to be able to optimize those 
processes, service the customer faster, better, etc., But it's not necessarily a hard- 
and-fast. 
Like for example, 
In the case of data opportunities, we have our own 
proprietary data IP for deduplication, for quality, ETL, etc., But if the customer comes 
and says, no, 
| already have Informatica licenses and 
| want to use that. Then we're 
comfortable with that as well. So, 
| think that's to answer your first question. Your 
second question, yes, while we did hire sales people in the past to support the region 
or something like that, now what 
| meant when 
| said focused sales hiring, 
is for 
instance, 
if I'm doing say transmission services, then hiring someone who has the 
experience of having sold transmission services 
in BFSI 
in the past or say data 
services. Then someone who understands 
the data domain 
to 
be 
able 
to do 
solutionized selling 
in data services. So not a generalist salesperson to cover a 
continent or cover a region, 
but someone who has experience 
in each of these 
individual 
lines that 
I'm 
hiring 
for specifically. 
Like we hired someone 
for cloud 
Page 12 of 17

Aejas Lakhani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
services, someone who has been selling for AWS, Azure, etc., in the past. Then we 
hired someone for talent services, someone who was managing these competency 
centers at IBM where they were placing people and doing managed services. So, 
basically very pointed people who have had experience in exactly that service stream 
in the past. 
Anisha, how do you measure these sales people? 
Their experience for sure, number one - 
I'm sorry 
| mean in terms of how do you measure their outputs like do they have like 
farming targets or hunting targets or a combination of both, could you just walk me 
through the measurement of their output? 
We have broken our teams down into farmers and hunters. The hunters are not 
involved with any of our existing accounts at all. Farmers are given individual account 
targets on how much they should be meeting. So, we have specific targets that we 
agree upon collectively at the beginning of the year as part of our GTM, and then we 
have weekly calls both to track progress of invoicing in the quarter as well as their 
pipes for the years. So, both ways. 
May 
| ask or learn who takes the reporting -- is it Anil, you, CK sir? 
Both of us, Anil and myself. 
My next question is for Nitin. Shastri sir has mentioned maybe 2-3 years back that 
he's trying to pivot from the license to the SaaS model and as the licensing deals 
and you also alluded to this in one of your remarks that you're trying to pivot to the 
SaaS. But the number you just quoted, look, out of your Rs. 90 crore revenues last 
year, 60 crore is annuity, you said that can grow at 20%, but 30 crore would still have 
the component of the upfronting licensing that is taking place. 
Is that understanding 
firstly correct? Point #2, is there a pathway for you to be able to pivot that into out of 
that Rs.30 crore say migrate some of it into the SaaS format in this current year and 
the year ahead? How does this all sort of piece meal work? 
See, what you said is correct. 
If you really look at the Rs.70 crore and the balance 
Rs.20 crore, Rs.20 crore are the new licenses, new sales which have happened. 
Most of them have the opportunity to convert into 
if not for the hardware part, the 
others have an opportunity to convert into annuity revenue or add more revenues 
through upsell, cross sell opportunities 
if not straight away annuity. Some of the 
contracts are long-term contracts which are 4-5 years contracts like the BSNL, like 
the Inmarsat, 
like the Vodafone ones which we have. So that's how 
it pans out. 
| 
hope I've answered your question. 
Shastri sir, just a follow up. So still 20 crore is upfront licenses that we are booking 
and selling year-on-year broadly including the hardware. 
Not in licenses, 
it includes also hardware. 
If you were to give me the cut between, say, the hardware and the licenses breakup? 
Maybe Nitin can get back to me. Nitin, two questions to you. Typically, the hardware 
element, we've seen with the earlier engagement with the PSU that the working 
capital sort of gets blocked up. So, your comments and thoughts on that? And point 
#2, you mentioned some time back that you're trying to improve the working capital 
cycle. But, we have known time and again that it's very difficult for the customers 
who are used to the long payment cycles to start paying earlier than what is desired 
Page 13 of 17

Nitin Sarda: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Nitin Sarda: 
or what the Company would intend or like, so how do you really sort of get these old 
folks who we've been dealing with for multiple years with a certain payment cycle to 
make them paying earlier? 
So, to answer your question, see, 
if you look at Q2 of last year the DSO was about 
214 days and which we've been able to reduce to 197 days by the March '23 financial 
year end and 
if you look at today, 
it is somewhere around 171 days. So, what is also 
important is the composition of my total receivables. We do have some receivable 
from government, but we don't see any challenges in collections there, we should be 
able to optimize 
it further — 
Especially to add that we had a few problems, we have still problems that we are 
reducing the business, we are tightening our terms, for example, Nigeria was one 
place where we had to face a lot of difficulties in collections. So, we have decreased 
our exposure towards such countries in such opportunities. 
But how do you improve the receivable days? 
See, typically, 
if you really look at it, 70% of our collections come in within 91 days. 
There are some sticky customers, government customers where 
it takes a longer 
period. 
Shastri sir, what 
| can decipher from what you're saying is that you're trying to focus 
more on the 70% business, which gives you the monies in the 90 days. Over the 
government business, which is elongated to sort of a year or so because that's how 
the average will come up to say 170, 180 days. 
Is that understanding correct? 
Absolutely right. 
But sir, we have a focus of doing more government-oriented projects as well, right, 
the three areas you mentioned, banking and government was a 
part of that. But then 
We have 
to factor 
in your costing 
on these things. They have 
better margins 
compared to the others. 
So, not all government deals come with poor receivable cycles. We've not noticed 
that across all PSUs. Some PSUs are troublesome. 
So, one large PSU with which we won the multi-year deal, the deal size has got 
truncated and there were a 
lot of further opportunities coming out there. So, 
in our 
experience now is 
it that you will be far more cautious 
in picking up such kind of 
business? 
Yes, yes, definitely, we'll be very cautious. So, we have now a complete process 
which we have set up for risk assessment and all of that before we take up the things. 
Sir, second 
half continues 
to 
be 
a seasonally better 
half than the 
first. 
Is that 
trajectory is continuing even in the newer format of the more annuity stream? 
Yes, 
| mean, we've tried to straight line our Q4 across the financial year. The idea is 
to at least replicate what we've been able to perform, but that would also depend on 
a 
lot of contracts which are under negotiations to materialize before end 
of the 
financial year. 
Page 14 of 17

Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Aejas Lakhani: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
CA Nihar Shah: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Ketan Phatak: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Ketan Phatak: 
Shastri sir, earlier we had the regiment of having that one large licensing deal for 
which we were subject to different timelines because of which you could not commit 
to how the year may pan out for you. As you have pivoted more to SaaS model, as 
an investor, 
is there any way that you and your team can potentially figure out and 
even quantify the extent of the order win, the duration of the order win, because 
earlier at least you would give out a broad ballpark number of the licensing deal 
possibility and the one that you have won. 
But today, your revenue traction 
is 
improving, but the underlying of what is resulting is Known to you but not to us. So, 
there is a gap that needs to be sort of filled. 
What happens 
in a 
typical enterprise grade license sales are that you have the 
architecture review business sign off, budgetary provisions, POC, pilots, these are 
all long drawn. And sometimes you do everything, the entire team changes, the new 
folks come. So, those were the risks which we have seen. But when 
it comes to 
pureplay services, it's not much of them, they just see the capabilities what we have, 
because these are faster, outcome-based opportunities which definitely don't have 
the hangover of the ones like selling the enterprise product sales. 
Sir, 
if you could 
in your annual report even just give out the new cut of these 
revenues, which are more quicker than the long-term process, even your team can 
figure some way of giving better disclosures like much appreciate the infrastructure 
cost, disclosure which has been bifurcated, that's very helpful to us, so just maybe 
you can sort of consult with the team? 
Sure. 
We have a next question from the line of CA Nihar Shah from Crown Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
One clarification. We talked about annual growth of around 20% year-on-year. So, 
can you just give me the drivers for such growth, like what has changed over the 
years because we haven't seen this much growth over the years, but now we are 
expecting around 20% growth. 
That is what we've been talking about, the project butterfly, where we have increased 
the number of lines of revenue streams. 
If you really look at the data services, they 
were not there, translation services were not there, the cloud services were not there. 
These are all the new revenue streams which we have added to our portfolio and 
that's what will be the result in what we expect the growth to come from. 
We have a question from Ketan Phatak, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
| have a few questions. Most of them have been asked by previous people, but 
| 
wanted to understand we have done Rs. 
56 crore 
in 
H2. 
So, would 
it be 
a fair 
assumption or is the aspiration for us to be in the range of Rs. 120 to Rs. 125 crore 
for this financial year? 
We would definitely be refraining from committing any hardline number. What we 
can at this point of saying is we'll definitely outperform last year's published numbers, 
because 
like 
| 
said, 
there 
are 
lot 
of 
contracts which 
are 
under discussions, 
negotiations, lot of it depends on whether we are able to conclude those contracts 
by Q4 and that would sort of drive our numbers as an organization. 
No, 
| understand that. But, as an organization, you have been talking a lot about the 
project butterfly for the last few quarters. So, as an organization, there would have 
Page 15 of 17

C.K. Shastri: 
Ketan Phatak: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Ketan Phatak: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Ketan Phatak: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Ketan Phatak: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
been an aspiration of being a Rs. 200-250 crore Company over the next three, five 
years. 
Aspirations are there, ambitions are there. We are making the investments towards 
that, 
but we don't want to commit a hard number sir, that's 
it. We definitely have 
aspiration. As Nitin said, we would want to outperform what we have done last year. 
My next question was sticking to what we did last year because we are not talking 
about absolute numbers for the current year or even for H1, the Rs. 56 cores that we 
have done, what would be the breakup of license to services in this? 
It's a composite thing that as what 
| mentioned. Most of our contracts now we are 
moving them to composite deals like license services, for example 
in BSNL, we 
provide operation support, 
we 
provide customization services, 
all 
of that 
at 
a 
transaction-based price. 
In another engagement, we have a combination of all this 
sort of monthly fixed price. The licenses revenue is the most minimalistic, but if you 
really look at it as a complete managed services, 
it's a combo, all that combination 
of everything. 
So, are we saying that we are not really pursuing any license-specific deals? 
Those are very minimal sir because what we have seen is that even in the interest 
of our Company the composite deals are more profitable and better, these things are 
licensed, 
world 
has changed now because 
of the SAP coming 
in 
a 
big way. 
Enterprise licenses people bargain quite a lot and you don't get the actual value what 
you need 
to deserve 
to 
get because annuity 
is predictable revenue 
for them, 
predictable cost for them and predictable revenue for us. And it's win-win for both 
the client and the vendor. 
What 
| wanted to know is, I'm sure there could be some legacy customers who will 
be only license-specific — 
They are there. Those continue, but then they also take our support services, they 
also take our operation support, change request. 
| agree with you. 
So those customers who are legacy customers who are only license-specific, what 
was the licensing model for them -- was it a perpetual license, was 
it a subscription- 
based license? 
The license with AMC, some customers, 15%, some 12%, some 18% and there are 
some customers where we also have given growth licenses. The more customers 
they add, they pay additional license fees. 
Ladies 
and gentlemen, 
that was 
the 
last question 
for today. 
| 
now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
As always, thank you very much for taking your time to participate in this earnings 
call, 
| really appreciate all the inputs and the suggestions given by every one of them. 
We'll take 
it internally and consider all your valued Input. Thank you very much and 
hope to see you all in the next quarter earning call. 
On behalf of Intense Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 17

  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
Page 
17 of 17
