Ref No: RML/2023-24/421 
Date: November 2, 2023 
To,  
BSE Limited        
  National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Scrip Code: 543228 
 NSE Symbol: ROUTE 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 
We are enclosing herewith copy of the transcript of the Company's Q2 FY24 earnings conference call dated Friday, 
October 27, 2023.      
The transcript is also available on the Company's website under the Investors section at:  
https://routemobile.com/compliance/2023/Route-Mobile-Ltd-Q2-FY24-Earnings-Call.pdf 
Further, please note that no unpublished price sensitive information was shared/discussed by the Company during 
the said earnings call. 
  You are requested to take the above information on record. 
  Thanking You 
  Yours truly, 
  For Route Mobile Limited 
    _________________________________________________________________________ 
 Rathindra Das 
 Group Head-Legal, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No. F12663
 Encl: as above 
Registered & Corporate Office: 
Route Mobile Limited 
4th Dimension, 3"' floor, Mind Space, Malad (West), 
Mumbai - 400 064, India 
+91 22 4033 7676/77-99 I Fax: +91 22 4033 7650 
info@routemobile.com I www.routemobile.com 
CIN No: L72900MH2004PLC146323 
Rathindr
a das
Digitally signed by 
Rathindra das 
Date: 2023.11.02 
18:44:02 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
Route Mobile Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Concall 
27th October 2023 
Management 
1.
Mr. Rajdipkumar Gupta, Managing Director and Group CEO
2.
Mr. Gautam Badalia, Group Chief Strategy Officer & Chief Investor Relations Officer
3.
Mr. Suresh Jankar, Chief Financial Officer

 
Page 2 of 18 
Route Mobile Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm Yousef, the moderator for this conference. Welcome 
to the conference call of Route Mobile Limited, arranged by Concept Investor Relations to 
discuss its Q2 FY '24 results.  
 
We have with us today, Mr. Rajdipkumar Gupta - Managing Director and Group CEO; Mr. 
Gautam Badalia, Group Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Investor Relations Officer; and Mr. 
Suresh Jankar, Chief Financial officer.  
 
At this moment, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question- 
and-answer session. At that time, if you have a question, you may press * and 1 on your 
telephone keypad.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to remind you that some of the statements made in today's 
earnings call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve certain risks and uncertainties. 
Kindly refer to slide number 2 of the presentation for the detailed disclaimer. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajdip Gupta, Managing Director and Group CEO, Route 
Mobile Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Thank you, Yousef. Good evening everyone. I hope this finds all of you in good spirit as we near 
the festive season.  
 
I have some exciting news to share tonight. Even though the month of July and August typically 
see downturn for us, given the holidays and a usual dip in global volume, Route Mobile has not 
just preserved the volume but also sold and registering our highest ever revenue, in fact, even 
amidst of the global challenges, our year-on-year growth in both revenue and PAT in H1 FY '24 
has exceeded over 25%.  
 
This past quarter has been pivotal for us marked by securing several significant deals that 
promises to propel our growth trajectory. Here are some of the standout agreement we have 
clinched.  

 
Page 3 of 18 
 
First off, collaboration with VI India this quarter. It's a major International A2P termination and 
firewall management services deal and one we are particularly proud of. Our history with Idea 
and now our re-engagement with the merged entity Vodafone Idea underscores our platform 
robustness. This association alone has the potential to bring around US$100 million in revenue. 
We are gearing up and in the process of deploying a firewall which will go live very soon. 
 
In Southeast Asia, we clinched another major International A2P termination and firewall 
management service deal, and it's already live and running.  
 
Finally, there is a global e-commerce giant we partner with. In Q1 FY '24, they are onboarded 
and live with us now. In fact, now we are expecting to gain more traffic from international 
destinations including India.  
 
These big wins make me confident in saying we are on track for our annual revenue growth of 
20% to 25%, and frankly, we might just hit that top mark. Additionally, since Q1 FY '24, we all 
hit several milestones. Some of them are, we got a nod as a major provider in Gartner CPaaS 
Magic Quadrant for 23 and were featured in four Gartner Hyper Cycle report this year.  
 
We have forged a significant partnership in Bangladesh with Robi Axiata Limited focusing on 
RCS business messaging. We successfully launched Route Amplify, our flagship event. It was a 
melting pot of industry leaders where we shared and gained insight into key areas like customer 
engagement and digital identity.  
 
Our new product revenue has shot up by staggering 64%. Our collaboration like the one 
enabling WhatsApp-based ticketing system for Delhi Metro only goes on to prove our 
innovative product development. 
 
Now, for our deal with Proximus Group, everything is on track. They are eyeing to wrap up by 
quarter Q4 of '24. We have even set up an Integration Governance Committee pulling in senior 
leaders from Proximus, Route Mobile, and Telesign, all working together to ensure smooth 
sailing. And every step we have taken so far is just reinforces our confidence in the partnership.  
 
I am personally thrilled about what lies ahead, especially leading the CPaaS division post deal.  
 
Last but not the least, based on our sterling performance this quarter, the Board has approved 
an interim dividend of Rs. 3 per share. Big thank you to all involved. 
 
Now, I will hand over to Gautam who will share more about our financial highlights. Over to 
you, Gautam. 
Gautam Badalia: 
Thank you, Rajdip. Good evening, everyone. Season's greetings to all of you. We have already 
uploaded our quarterly earnings presentation on our website as well as the stock exchange 
websites. Hope you had a chance to go through the presentation.  

 
Page 4 of 18 
 
I will quickly summarize our financial and operating performance before opening the floor for 
Q&A. The quarter gone by has yet again been an outstanding quarter considering the 
seasonality of the business.  
 
The key highlight for the quarter gone by has been the large deals that we have won as 
highlighted by Rajdip earlier. The throughput from some of these large deals should start to 
reflect from Q4 onwards. Hence, we believe that we will be closer to the upper end of our 
revenue guidance band of 20%, 25%.  
 
More importantly, FY '25 looks very promising on the back of full-year effect of these large 
deals, plus the benefits of synergies that should start to flow to Route Mobile from the 
Proximus deal. 
 
In terms of the update on the Proximus transaction, as Rajdip highlighted, the regulatory filings 
are well on track, and it seems that the transaction including the mandatory tender offer should 
close during Q4 FY '24. 
 
In terms of the synergy that was called out at the time of signing, we have been able to further 
validate the same based upon the interim work done so far. Based on the exhaustive work 
done over the past six weeks by the integration governance team, we reconfirm that the overall 
Euro 90 million or US$ 100 million EBITDA synergy stands completely justified. Out of these, 
some of the synergy buckets where Route Mobile will stand to benefit are as follows.  
 
In terms of bucket one, which is the revenue and cross selling synergies, Route Mobile will 
leverage the digital identity platform of Telesign in emerging markets. Digital identity as a 
product is a very unique SaaS offering which is used to curb digital frauds and entail gross 
margins which are northwards of 80%. Route Mobile will also be making inroads into untapped 
large global accounts through Telesign to service their requirements in emerging markets.  
 
In terms of the synergy bucket 2, which is OpEx savings and synergy, create a state-of-the-art 
product innovation lab in India to focus on new product initiatives, automation and AI/ML 
capabilities; drive economies of scale by consolidating the cloud infra, software licenses and 
vendors across the group, and work towards a low-cost operating model through the shared 
service center construct and leverage the capabilities of our BPO arm which is Call2Connect. 
 
In terms of synergy bucket three, direct cost synergies, drive better efficiencies owing to higher 
economies of scale and deepen as well as expand our exclusive MNO connect.  These 
initiatives will definitely accelerate our journey towards a billion-dollar revenue with 15% 
EBITDA margin target by 2027.  
 
Just to further reinstate, this deal will pave the way for Route Mobile to be a global CPaaS 
player in true sense, with an unparalleled reach and a very comprehensive product stack of its 

 
Page 5 of 18 
own products coupled with licensed products from the group. By virtue of this deal, we should 
be able to demonstrate, “cost leadership at scale with industry leading growth rates”. As I said, 
this is only an interim update and will be fine-tuned further. As and when these are further 
crystallized into the final operating model, we shall update you on the same. 
 
Highlighting some of the key business metrics for the quarter and the half yearly numbers gone 
by, in volume terms, we processed over 31 billion transactions in Q2 FY '24, which is again the 
highest quarterly volume, billable volumes processed by us till date. Billable transactions 
increased from 26.9 billion in Q2 FY '23 and 29.5 billion in Q1 FY '24 to 31.3 billion in Q2 FY '24. 
Average realization per billable transaction marginally decreased from 32.8 paisa in Q1 FY '24 
to 32.4 paisa in Q2 FY '24 owing to increase in domestic volumes in India.  
 
In terms of geography, India continues to be our largest market by termination accounting for 
47% of our revenue by termination. You may refer to slide 20 of the presentation. Domestic 
volumes in India witnessed a double digit growth despite the NLD price increase.  
 
We continue to witness very strong momentum on our next generation products. New product 
revenues grew by 64% on a Y-o-Y basis and 53% on a Q-o-Q basis in Q2 FY '24.  
 
In terms of operating overheads, in Q2 FY '24, employee benefit expenses decreased primarily 
due to roll back of performance-based stock options and cancellation of ESOPs owing to 
resignation by few employees. The increase in other expenses was primarily due to foreign 
currency translation loss of INR 91 million, an increase in travel and business promotion 
expenses, both totaling to an increase of INR 30 million. The business promotion expenses was 
largely related to our flagship Route Amplify event, which was held in Mumbai.  
 
In terms of EBITDA, EBITDA grew by 16% Y-o-Y from 1,094 million in Q2 FY '23 to 1,268 million 
in Q2 FY '24. There was a sequential growth of 2.5%. From a balance sheet standpoint, average 
receivable days stood at 73 days, and average payable days stood at 64 days. Normalized cash 
flow conversion in H1 FY '24 was very strong at 77%. You may refer to slide 16 for the same. 
 
With this, we open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who wishes 
to ask a question, you may press * and 1 on your telephone keypad. If you wish to remove 
yourself from the question queue, you may press * and 2. Participants are requested to use 
handsets while asking a question. Ladies & Gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the 
question queue assembles. First question is from the line of Ronak Chheda from Awriga Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Ronak Chheda: 
Congratulations on the result first of all. I have two questions. First question is on the e-
commerce giant’s business, right. We have done a multi-geographic deal. So, can you just 

 
Page 6 of 18 
explain on this further and how much of this business would broadly split into India and the 
other emerging geographies? How should one think of the deal itself? That's the first question. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Let me just answer this question. So, Ronak, I think India is going to be at least about 50% of 
the revenue and remaining 50% will come from international. We have signed a contract with 
this E-com giant for 10 countries and including UK and some of the Asian countries as well. And 
I think the connectivity and the binding is already done, and the testing is also done, and we 
already started getting traffic for India. So, we believe by next quarter, maybe by this quarter, 
we can see more traffic, but in terms of split, I think 50% revenue will be India and remaining 
50% will be for international. 
Ronak Chheda: 
That was helpful. My second question is on, you actually touched upon in the opening remarks 
on the synergies which could flow from the merger process and some business coming from 
Telesign. I mean, how soon can we start looking at that in the results itself? Will we wait for 
the deal to be completed and then this will flow, or we should start seeing it from this quarter 
itself? 
Gautam Badalia: 
So, see, I think we are kind of at this point in time working on wireframes, but even before the 
deal, Telesign was a partner with Route Mobile, and we used to help them for some part of 
their termination into emerging markets. That continues as is. In fact, the throughput on that 
has increased to some extent, but I think lion share of synergies will start to flow post-closing. 
Ronak Chheda: 
And just last bookkeeping question on your working capital. I see the receivable days have gone 
up. Should we read too much into it or this is just a quarterly phenomenon? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes. I mean, you shouldn't read too much into it. In fact, a few days post the closure of the 
quarter, we received one of the payments from a large OTT player. So, we also have to account 
for July, August, and even September to an extent. These are typical holiday seasons I think in 
most of these places. So, I think that you shouldn't read too much into it. I think from a free 
cash or our operating cash generation standpoint, I think probably we have done fairly well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Nikhil Choudhary: 
First question is regarding Vodafone Idea deal. I hope you understand that given the 
contradictory filing by, you know, both the companies when they are also contracting you, we 
just want to understand how basically you accounted for USD 100 million in revenue potential? 
And any rough timeline in terms of when you will be able to materialize it? That's my first 
question. I have a follow-up. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Nikhil, I think, as I said already that the deployment of our firewall is already in process and 
based on the timeline which we have given to Vodafone Idea, we are looking out to go live by 

 
Page 7 of 18 
December. So, that's the current timeline we have. And what was your other question? How 
we quantify $100 million? 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yes. And timeline of that recognition. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, very simple math, right? If you see the number of subscriber what Vodafone Idea has about 
200 million and you multiply by particular SMS, you know, and then you say 5 cents per SMS 
cost. I think that is a kind of math we have done at our end while giving this number to the 
market, and we believe that the number may be more than $100 million, but we are little bit 
conservative giving that $100 million number.  
Gautam Badalia: 
Just to add, this entire revenue because of our exclusivity will flow through Route Mobile. So, 
this revenue, I mean, whosoever gets the pie of it will have to necessarily terminate through 
Route Mobile. So, we get 100% pie of this revenue to Route Mobile.  
Nikhil Choudhary: 
So, is it fair to assume that, Gautam, that this 100 million will start flowing from quarter four 
of '24 and next 12 month we can see it flowing through our P&L? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
We can consider quarter 4, yes. You are right.  
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Second question is in terms of ILD revenue. This quarter while NLD has done quite well, which 
you have highlighted, ILD we have seen a decline. I think it's maybe due to volume decline. Can 
you please help us understand what led to that? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, I think, as I say, seasonality, right? We always need to understand the H1 is 45% of our 
revenue and H2 is almost 55%. Now Diwali and all the other festive season is going to be start 
in the month of this quarter especially. So, we will see the growth, and I think there is nothing, 
the dip is basically based on the seasonality and nothing to worry about. And we have seen the 
growth in this particular, in fact, October month, and we see the growth going to come in 
November and December as well on ILD business. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
So, just last question from my side. You know that you have highlighted in your cash flow 
statement about 297 crores basically deposited for firewall deal. Based on the filing by your 
competitor, 57 crores are the revenue basically just from the firewall deal, and you have 
highlighted earlier, we generally deposit, you know, three to six month of payment to telecom 
operator. So, just want to understand how big is maybe the other contract or what kind of ROI 
we are looking, if my calculation is right maybe? 
Gautam Badalia: 
So, we have given these INR 297crs to two operators and for one operator, a partial payment 
was made last quarter. The final payment will be done once we are close to going live.  
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Gautam, what I want to understand is the quantum of Vodafone firewall deal based on 
disclosure by the competitor who lost the contract was about 57 crores for annual, right? So, 

 
Page 8 of 18 
just want to understand and given it was one of the biggest firewall deals, what basically led to 
deposit of 300 crores which is, you know, much larger for us? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
No, let me just correct you. I got your question. So, there is two streams of revenue. Okay. First 
is the firewall revenue which is the firewall deployed by 365squared at Route Mobile company, 
and there is a revenue share between 365squared and Vodafone. Okay. That is a separate deal. 
Then when all the traffic which flows through Route Mobile platform to Vodafone Idea, that's 
additional revenue we generate.  
 
So, I think if you are talking about one firewall revenue which is separate, I think that number 
comes to the number which you are talking about, then there is additional revenue potential 
and margin which Route Mobile generates traffic directly with working OTT players. So, you 
have to consider in that way.  
 
And that is the potential we have seen in this overall deal, and we believe that the platform is 
going to play a very critical role to mitigate or to at least mitigate the risk of the grey routes 
which was still there on their network, and we identified certain grey routes which has been 
used, and with our firewall we believe that we will mitigate those risk of grey route, and we 
will definitely deliver the commitment which we already made to Vodafone Idea.  
Gautam Badalia: 
Also, Nikhil, the deal, I mean, from when it works with the erstwhile partner and it's moved to 
us, I think the price has also moved quite a bit. So, the deal value per se I think would have 
more than doubled, right. So, it was not an apple to apples comparison from that perspective. 
So, I think we also have to kind of take that into our account. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, just on the realization piece, so I think we were expecting some increase in the realization, 
but because of the mix it has come down a bit, but net of the mix impact is there. What has 
been the realization increase for this quarter like to like? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, if we adjust for the sharp increase in our domestic India volumes, the average realization 
would have marginally gone up.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And we understand the seasonality, but I think the Y-o-Y growth has sort of come down a bit 
in this quarter. So, any particular color that you can provide there? 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, so the base has also kind of increased quite a bit and Y-o-Y, I mean, we demonstrated, you 
are talking about it from a H1 standpoint or quarterly standpoint? 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
No, Q2 Y-o-Y versus Q1 Y-o-Y I was alluding to.  

 
Page 9 of 18 
Gautam Badalia: 
Sequential?  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Stronger, no, no, sir. Not Q2 over Q1. I was saying Q2 versus last year Q2, and Q1 versus last 
year Q1. So, this Q2 versus last year Q2, growth rate has sort of come down a bit compared to 
what we saw in Q1. 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, sir, last year I think there were a few acquisitions also that got baked in and now everything 
has been kind of consolidated with a larger base. I think you are talking about for this year 
growing from a 20% to 25% on a Y-o-Y basis, and within that I think basis some of these deal 
wins we are talking about hitting the top end of that band.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And finally, sir, you mentioned about some resignation wise some employees etc. So, this is 
like, you know, some course resignations or these are, you know, some of the efforts towards 
the rationalization…. 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, no, it's not towards rationalization. So, what had happened is and this I think we have called 
it out multiple times in previous calls also, a lot of the cost I think that was there in terms of 
the employee benefit expense was attributable to the ESOP cost wherein a lot of that cost was 
front loaded rather. And in the past, I think when we had issued this or granted this ESOP under 
the ESOP 2021 scheme, a lot of these ESOPs were rolled out to employees and there were 
performance criteria.  
 
So, wherever, I mean, employees have not been able to perform, those ESOPs have kind of 
been relinquished. On top of that, there are some cases where employees have resigned and 
hence, some of those ESOPs have been kind of rolled back. So, it's completely and purely on 
performance and owing to resignation of few employees. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood Sir. Is there a way to quantify the deal with the large e-commerce companies, you 
know, sort of a number are we looking at? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Sarvesh, we are at very early stage of our live traffic. Probably, we can quantify this in more 
detail by next quarter, by this quarter end and once we have the next quarter earning call.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Couple of questions. First of all, just want to understand, I think you partly alluded about the 
guidance kind of thing. Now even for lower end, I think you indicated about last time at least 
20 percentage and in the earlier prepaid remark, you said 20 to 25 percentage and high chances 
of hitting upper end, so which is roughly let's say 25%, which require very significant 
acceleration in H2. Even to reach 20 percentages, you require 15, 16 percentage growth over 
H1. And other way to put is 9%, 10% CAGR to hit lower end. So, can you help us understand? I 

 
Page 10 of 18 
understand about seasonality in December quarter, but it is materially higher even including 
Vodafone deal. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Dipesh, I think you need to also consider the e-commerce client which has gone live now 
and that effect is going to be in this quarter and next quarter plus the Vodafone deal. We are 
also working on certain more firewall deal which we will announce very soon. So, keeping all 
this in mind, I think we are very much sure that we will achieve our guidance which we have 
given to the market. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, more like 25% you are confident.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Yes.  
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, it will be closer to 25% than 20%. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, second question is about the security deposit. I think we mentioned to MNO for the roughly 
around 300 crores kind of number. Whether any payment is related to Vodafone also covered 
here? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, part of it.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
And in H2, you expect any material number or these number will taper off materially in H2? 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, H2 also I think there will be some bit of that will come through plus one other deal that I 
think Rajdip talked about, if that happens.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
In that case, your reported OCF might be still very muted, right way to understand it?  
Gautam Badalia: 
No, that's correct, but I think we have always been kind of very, very particular that some of 
these are a CAPEX kind of investments where we are investing this for two years with two years 
payback where the ROCE tends to be northwards of 25%. So, I think once we are done with this 
additional, this new deal as well, I think our plates will be completely full, and for the next two 
years I think you will be able to see meaningful improvement in OCF, not only normalized OCF, 
but even the reported OCF. 
Dipesh Mehta: 
FY25 will be much better here from reported OCF also.  
Gautam Badalia: 
That's correct.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
And last question from my side is about new product. I think very strong growth. So, just want 
to understand what explains this and how we expect that trend to continue? 

 
Page 11 of 18 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Dipesh, I think we are investing heavily, and I think our focus is always on new product along 
with the messaging and the kind of pipeline we have as of now and we believe that growth is 
going to be significant in coming quarters.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Is it single product driving it in terms of WhatsApp or? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
No, it's a mix of product which we have as a omni channel stack which we have. So, it's a mix 
of all products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead.  
Amit Chandra: 
So, my first question is on the volume growth. So, obviously we have seen both NLD and ILD 
price hikes, and we have seen some volume drops because of the increase in price. So, how do 
we see the volumes from here on in terms of like the NLD volumes can also come down because 
there has been a price hike, and if I am not wrong the volumes are down in this quarter, so you 
treat it as an aberration or is it going through something that they are finding some other 
alternatives? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Amit, Rajdip here. Our volume on NLD has grown. It has not gone down.  
Gautam Badalia: 
We had double digit growth.  
Amit Chandra: 
No, but overall at industry level I am just talking about.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
I cannot comment on industry level based on the customer base we have, based on the 
customer we onboarded in last few quarters. We see a significant growth in those customers 
and due to which our volume has increased in spite of the price increase at NLD level.  
Amit Chandra: 
And in terms of the firewall deals that we are taking up, obviously, these deals are based on 
upfront commitments in terms of volumes to the operator. So, what confidence level we have 
or what kind of growth we are assuming in terms of the existing volume that we are having in 
terms of committing these higher numbers because you are saying that…. Yes. So, it's around 
300 crores for our 800 crores kind of annual revenue, and if I am not wrong this number was 
much lower in the earlier version.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
No, no. Amit, I got your question. The earlier version was the price was half the current price. 
Okay. It was about 2 cents or 3 cents. Now price is 5 cents. So, you need to consider that. Apart 
from how confident we are, our firewall is deployed in 16 countries. We are doing this job in 
multiple countries, and we have the insight, and we have so much confidence about our 
product that deploying this product with VI will definitely generate more revenue for VI and 
for Route Mobile. And based on the insight we have got from our platform for various other 
country, I think that is the confidence which gives us to make sure that we can achieve our 

 
Page 12 of 18 
numbers. So, it is all about our product. We have always believed that is one of the best in the 
market as of now.  
Gautam Badalia: 
And just adding to what Rajdip said, it is because of the robustness of the product, we had been 
servicing Idea for some time, I think for the longest period of time on the firewall. We were the 
first ones to kind of get this product kind of initiated and approved by an operator in India, 
right? So, it was only after the merger that this switched to another partner, but within a year's 
time they realized the robustness of our platform and switched it back to us. So, it's not just 
merely on the commitment. I think commitment was not the factor to kind of get this swung 
in our favor. It was the robustness of our platform, the capabilities that we have and the reach 
that we have with the global audience that helped us garner this kind of revenues for an 
operator.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, another thing, Amit, just to give more clarity out here, we work almost with all the OTT 
players globally now, including you name it everyone. And India as a market, we always, I think 
we have our firewall deployed with the BSNL. Based on the data points which we have received 
from BSNL firewall, we are 100% confident that what kind of volume Vodafone Idea should 
have on their network, and based on that calculation what we have got from BSNL, we give this 
kind of commitment. And we are very much sure that we will achieve that. So, as an India 
market understanding, we have very clear understanding with our current firewall with BSNL 
right now.  
Amit Chandra: 
And so these commitments are like for every year. So, every year we will have to put in this 
kind of money or? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Not exactly. It's just one security deposit we have to pay and based on a month-on-month basis, 
we have committed to the volume, which we are sure that we will achieve that. 
Gautam Badalia: 
And Amit, just to kind of revalidate that 297 crores is not purely for Vodafone. It's for two, two 
mobile network operators just to kind of lay the math number correct on that.  
Amit Chandra: 
Yes, I am aware of that.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial Limited. 
Please go ahead.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So, I have a couple of questions. The first one is on your deal with Telesign. And last quarter I 
remember you mentioned that there were some monthly revenues that you were supposed to 
get from Telesign, and over a period of time that revenue was supposed to increase. So, I just 
want to understand like what's the update on that? Where were we at the end of last quarter 
and the current quarter? And how long will it take for the entire potential revenues from 
Telesign to flow in through Route Mobile? That's question number one. 

 
Page 13 of 18 
Gautam Badalia: 
So, Swapnil, I think even prior to the deal, I think Telesign and Route Mobile were partners. We 
were working together, but as I said, since the deal, we have been working closely on various 
integration frameworks. So, the throughput has increased. Definitely it has increased, and we 
have been adding more value into Telesign because of our strong entrenchment into the 
emerging markets. So, that continues as it, and it's still working as partners. 
 
But the day we are able to close this deal, we believe we will be able to get significantly more 
traffic from Telesign to Route Mobile. I think that is because today, I mean, because of certain 
competition sensitivity and certain legal guardrails , we are not able to kind of completely be 
as transparent as what we can be subsequent to the deal and once the deal closes, definitely, 
I think we believe there will be a significant increase in the throughput. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Any numbers you can share? 
Gautam Badalia: 
I mean, it's too early for us to say. As I said, I mean, we have done some interim work on this. 
Let us come to the final leg of that work, the wireframe. At that point in time, we will definitely 
come and give you more crystallized framework of how things will pan out.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
The other way to look at this is like I was looking at your tier one CPaaS revenue share. Now 
that has been declining, you know, quite a bit. So, I just wanted to understand, is this the impact 
of value first acquisition by one of the competition or? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Partly yes. Partly yes.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And as and when Telesign revenues ramp up, we will see some increase in the revenue share 
from this particular metrics? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Possibly yes, yes.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And just on the balance sheet side, so I see that your borrowings seem to have increased. I 
mean, if I were to add up your long-term and short-term borrowings, that add up to around 
150 crores. Now we do have a decent amount of cash as well. My question is as to what is the 
reason that we are seeing this increase in our borrowings number on a Q-on-Q basis? 
Gautam Badalia: 
No, some part of that, Swapnil, is also some bit of it is treasury management where we kind of 
since we have to pay that in dollars, we don't convert necessarily the INR amounts. We keep 
that as deposits and kind of create a kind of treasury structure. So, some of these borrowings 
that we have is again backed by fixed deposits as a security. I mean, partly, that's a security 
that's given. So, it's also some bit of it is treasury management.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
And just the last bit on working capital, I know someone asked in the beginning also this 
question, but an increase of DSOs from roughly around 60 odd days to 73 is decently high 
number, and so if you can give some explanation around that? 

 
Page 14 of 18 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, so there was one particular large OTT payment, which we received just after the quarter 
has closed. So, that that led to that bit of a blip.  
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
So, from a normalized basis, what should be the number that we should be expecting? 
Gautam Badalia: 
It should be around that 64, 65 days.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, I basically had two questions. The first one is, could you just give me a sense on Route 
Mobile's presence in the fraud prevention space? How big is this fraud prevention space to 
Route Mobile right now? And how do you see Route Mobile's presence growing in the space 
and the offerings in the space that Route Mobile has? That's the first question. 
 
And the second question is, you know, I don't quite understand this deal. I am sure you have 
got this question before because Proximus was trying to list Telesign before which is public 
knowledge and that failed, and now they have done this deal through Route where the 
promoters are infusing money into Telesign. So, I am just trying to understand could you give 
us some, I don't know if you will be able to answer this, but could you give us some sort of 
indication as to a few years down the line, do you see Telesign, Route operating under one 
entity? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
I think it's too early to comment. So, honestly, Gautam, you want to add something to this? 
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes, I think the immediate focus right now is to kind of get the deal consummated. Once the 
deal is consummated, some of these strategic thought processes, I think, will be dispensed. At 
this point in time, as Rajdip said, none of these things are kind of there on the radar. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
No, but why was the deal structured this way then?  
Gautam Badalia: 
Because cross-border mergers are not possible in India and hence the deal had to be structured 
in this way, but if you look at some… 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Gautam, I think I have already explained so many time about the whole deal rational as a, I 
think you can refer to multiple interviews of mine and in media also. I think I have explained 
very clearly why I choose Route Mobile and why I wanted to, sorry, Telesign and why I want to 
reinvest it back to Telesign. So, probably, if you want to know more about it, you can just give 
a separate call to us, and I am happy to answer all your questions. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
That's fine. Could you answer the second part, which is about the fraud prevention segment 
and Route Mobile's presence? 

 
Page 15 of 18 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, see, the partnership with Telesign, the Telesign is one of the leaders in digital fraud and 
digital identity product. They got the most evolved stack as compared to anybody in this 
current CPaaS ecosystem. We believe that partnering, bringing their entire stack to all the 
emerging countries where we have our presence. Right now our stack is not evolved as what 
Telesign's is, and we are definitely going to work with Telesign to use their stack in all the 
emerging countries where we operate from. And potential wise, I think digital identity has a 
huge potential. In the next two to three year down the line, you will see that impact on our 
revenues as well. 
Kaustav Bubna: 
Currently, you would say, it's meaningless, the Route Mobile's exposure to the segment. Is that 
the right assessment? And it will grow as…. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
See, just to understand, there are multiple APIs needs to be opened by operators. For SIM swap 
APIs operator, we are dependent on operator. In India, only Vodafone and Jio has opened their 
API for SIM swap. Airtel is still thinking about it. The market itself is not ready in India, but in 
other market if you go to Europe or US, it is already available, and that's why Telesign has a 
decent amount of revenue coming from DI business. Now we have made inroads to Jio and 
Vodafone Idea and got their API access where we are going to use Telesign's stack to sell this 
product in Indian market or nearing country market, like emerging markets.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
And I will get back to you guys on this because I read everything about the deal, but I still had 
questions as to, you know, because…. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Happy to answer all your questions and because it is directly to me, you can call me also to 
understand more then why I have invested. I am happy to answer any further questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. We will move to our next question from the line of Harsh Chaurasia from Vallum 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Harsh Chaurasia: 
So, just there was one doubt, like, recently, there was an event from WhatsApp India where 
there was a lot of aggression on the business messaging part. So, I just want to know how Route 
Mobile WhatsApp Business messaging offerings are unique from the business messaging of 
part of WhatsApp India? And how are they being still relevant in this market, like, when we are 
seeing offerings from the WhatsApp India part?  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, I think if you attended that event, we were also part of that event, and we also have been 
invited by WhatsApp to be part of that event. And just to share about our relevance in this 
market, that recent deployment with Delhi Metro, they were the first company to have this 
ticketing system built for Delhi Metro which has a conversational chat along with the 
conversational commerce integrated within the same app and including our own bot, which is 
a Roubot.  

 
Page 16 of 18 
 
So, I think we as a company have built our stack which is now capable enough of handling 
payment along with the conversation chat as well, along with the bot. So, we are very much 
bullish, and we have seen the growth in our revenue in last quarter, and we have seen the 
same growth in this quarter also coming from WhatsApp Business messaging as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Parth Patel, a retail investor. Please go ahead. 
Parth Patel: 
I just wanted to follow up on the question which was just asked around WhatsApp. As you see 
even Amazon today sends WhatsApp instead of SMS. So, just wanted to understand how, what 
kind of impact will it have on your margins as well as, you know, if and when globally the OTTs 
also shift to WhatsApp Business messaging instead of SMS? And what kind of efforts are we 
putting in to grow this side of business as well? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, Parth, our new product growth is 64% last quarter, right? And as far as Route Mobile is 
concerned, we are a platform company. Any customer coming to Route Mobile platform, they 
have an option to select the channel they want to communicate with, whether it's WhatsApp, 
RCS, email, voice or SMS, right. So, at the end of the day, we as a platform company going to 
provide them all the bouquet of services, let the customers select. We spend enough money 
to build the stack in-house. And now as a one single company which has every single channel 
of communication available in one platform, probably we are the only one in India who has the 
entire stack within one platform. 
Parth Patel: 
And the last one, second question which is fairly simple. So, in terms of the EBITDA margin for 
the firewall deals, you know, with VI or even with other smaller MNOs, so   what kind of EBITDA 
margin can we expect on the VI side which is a larger deal and also on with the smaller MNOs? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Let the deal start, right. It's too early to comment, and all our firewall deals are always over 
20% to 25% range. Some of them are even 30% to 40% also.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Suresh Kumar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  
Suresh Kumar: 
Quick question on the overall guidance, medium-term guidance. I have seen various interviews 
of Rajdip, and you spoke about a billion dollar revenues in two to three years. And in some 
interviews, you are talking about a combined revenue of $2 billion between Telesign and us. 
So, just want to get an update from you on what is the guidance that we can expect over the 
medium-term two to three years? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
So, very much whatever guidance I have given during all my interviews, I stick with that 
guidance. We as an individual company level, we are definitely looking out to hit about a billion 
revenue in two to three year down the line. So, there is no change in terms of those guidance.  

 
Page 17 of 18 
Suresh Kumar: 
That's great news. And one last again on the industry specific question. I mean, we are doing 
great, great momentum across various deals. What are the biggest risks for you as a company 
as well as an industry? Is there any risk that you foresee? How are we being prepared for it? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
I don't see the risk honestly because as a platform company, we have to innovate every single 
quarter and the month and as far as our product stack if you see, we are ready with almost all 
the changes required, market required in coming years down the line. And if the particular 
channel is getting shift from say SMS to WhatsApp or WhatsApp to RCS, probably, we have all 
the channels. So, the risk is only if you stop innovating, then there is a risk. We as a company, 
we keep on innovation, and I think we will keep on doing this on other channels also. For me, I 
think right now I don't see any immediate risk on overall business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ronak Chheda, Awriga Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ronak Chheda: 
Rajdip, just one strategic question for you. When we listen to the commentary of your global 
CPaaS competition, right, most of these players have been calling out slowdown in the 
messaging side of the business or the communication, marketing side of the business. Post 
merger when you control the entire CPaaS business of the group and the targets which we 
have, just wanted to get your thoughts on how are we thinking to, you know, direct the 
business because developed market seems to be maturing? Just your thoughts just on a 
strategy point of view for the next five years.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Ronak, it's a very good question, but if you see the most of the developed market tech giants 
based out of US, their market is going to be the emerging market, whether it's Facebook or 
Google, right. The potential growth for all these large tech giants are in emerging markets, and 
we as a company are already a champion of this market. We want to make sure that we 
empower Telesign to go and win more accounts or more destinations with their relationship 
with those tech giants in that market, and we as a company will support them for delivery and 
termination in this market. So, that is a synergy we see, and that is where we believe that both 
the company has their own strength in different market. So, one is champion of developed 
market, and another one is champion of emerging market. Combined, both the company can 
create a great value as one group. 
Ronak Chheda: 
So, you don't see that as a challenge because we are where the entire business is going to be 
focused for the next three to five years from global CPaaS business point of view. That is what 
you are saying. 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Yes.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Sangram Kanadia, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead.  

 
Page 18 of 18 
Sangram Kanadia: 
My first question is how will Proximus deal affect the upcoming revenues of earnings in positive 
or negative way? And the second question is will the shares be delisted after the Proximus 
deal? And will the key managerial personnel be changed after the signing of the deal? 
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
There is no plan of delisting the Route Mobile. And as I said, my responsibility for the overall 
group is going to more and I am going to lead the entire CPaaS business of both the companies.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Just one question on gross margin. The gross margin has declined on Q-o-Q basis and, you 
know, what basically make it more questionable is that happened despite of such a big increase 
in new product revenue which increased by 53% Q-o-Q. And we generally have much higher 
gross margin. So, if you can tell us what happened there?  
 
So, our gross margin decreased by 20 basis point on Q-o-Q basis and that happened despite of 
new product revenue increasing by 53% Q-o-Q which has much higher gross margins.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
That's just a very small amount as compared to the 1,000 crores revenue, right?  
Gautam Badalia: 
Yes. It is a function of various country mix, product mix. And I think the delta is so minuscule 
that I think the new products, their contribution is so small that it doesn't move the needle by 
much.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take this as the last question for the day. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Rajdip Gupta for the closing comments.  
Rajdipkumar Gupta: 
Thank you everyone and have a nice evening. Thanks a lot. Take care.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Route Mobile Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
