 
 
Ref. No.: GTPL/SE/2023 
 
October 23, 2023   
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 540602 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),   
Mumbai – 400051  
 
Trading Symbol: GTPL 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  Transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 
2023  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, transcript of the Post Results Conference Call on Unaudited Financial 
Results (Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023, held on October 16, 2023, is available on the Company’s website at 
https://www.gtpl.net/investorrelations/financial-result. 
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
enclosed herewith. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For GTPL Hathway Limited 
 
 
 
Hardik Sanghvi 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
FCS: 7247  
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
Hardik 
Harshadkumar 
Sanghvi
Digitally signed by Hardik 
Harshadkumar Sanghvi 
Date: 2023.10.23 13:44:11 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“GTPL Hathway Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. PULKIT CHAWLA – EMKAY GLOBAL FINANCIAL 
SERVICES 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANIRUDHSINH JADEJA – PROMOTER & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
MR. PIYUSH PANKAJ – BUSINESS HEAD CATV & CHIEF 
STRATEGY OFFICER – GTPL HATHWAY LIMITED 
5 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q2 FY2024 results of conference call of GTPL 
Hathway hosted by Emkay Global Financial Services. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at 
the end of today’s presentation. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I will now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Pulkit Chawla from Emkay Global Financial Services. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Pulkit Chawla: 
Thank you Akshay. A very good evening everyone and welcome to the GTPL Hathway 
earnings call. We have with us today Mr. Anirudhsinh Jadeja, Promoter & Managing 
Director; Mr. Piyush Pankaj, Business Head, CATV and Chief Strategy Officer; and Mr. 
Anil Bothra, Chief Financial Officer. Without any further delay, I shall now hand over the 
call to the management for their opening remarks. Thank you and over to you gentlemen!  
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Thank you Pulkit. Good evening everyone. A warm welcome to everybody to the earnings 
call of GTPL Hathway to discuss financial performance of Q2 FY2024. As one of the 
largest MSO and broadband player in this country, it pleases me to see us going from 
strength to strength. We have added 800k subscriber in digital cable TV business and 120k 
subscriber in broadband business year to year and look forward to maintain our growth. The 
main strategy is to consolidate the industry and enhance customer experience through 
layering of services. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Piyush Pankaj who will take you 
through the quarterly business and financial performance of the company. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thank you Mr. Jadeja. Good evening everyone. The company has recorded its highest ever 
quarterly revenues beating the previous quarter and is well on track to be the highest 
revenue grossing in financial year. Our KPIs have also increased both on a quarterly and 
yearly basis. First I will talk on the digital cable TV business. Active subscriber base as on 
30th September 2023 stands at 9.4 million increasing by 350k Q-o-Q and 800k Y-o-Y. 
Paying subscribers stand at 8.70 million. Paying subscribers increased by 400k Q-o-Q and 
700k Y-o-Y. In the Broadband business, we have added 120k new subscribers, an increase 
of 14% on Y-o-Y basis to reach 990k. Homepass subscribers stood at 5.55 million as on 
30th September 2023 of which 75% are available for FTTX conversion. Homepass grew by 
550k on Y-o-Y basis and 150k on Q-o-Q basis. The broadband RPU for Q2 FY2024 stood 
at Rs.460 an increase of Rs.10 on a Y-o-Y and stable on quarterly basis. The average data 
consumption per customer per month stood at 310 GB, a 25% increase Y-o-Y. This quarter 
we announced Mr. Kartik Aaryan and Ms. Rashmika Mandanna as the new brand 
ambassador of our company. They will be part of our new ad campaign the ab ke jamane ka 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
connection to highlight the variety of services that we are well equipped to provide. On a 
consolidated level revenue grew by 19% Y-o-Y to Rs.7900 million. 
The digital cable TV subscription revenue stood at Rs.3226 million up by 17% Y-o-Y and 
8% Q-o-Q. The broadband revenue stood at Rs.1317 million an increase of 10% Y-o-Y and 
2% Q-o-Q. The consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs.1351 million with an EBITDA margin of 
17.1%. Profit after tax for Q2 FY2024 stood at Rs.344 million. The standalone revenue 
stood at Rs.5121 million an increase of 21% Y-o-Y. EBITDA stood at Rs.765 million with 
an EBITDA margin of 14.9%. PAT for Q2 FY2024 stood at Rs.243 million. The net debt 
equity continues to remain negligible as the company remains conscious of its capex and 
leveraging efforts. This is all from my side. Thank you everyone. We can now begin with 
question and answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vinit Manek from Karma Capital Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Vinit Manek: 
Hello Mr. Piyush. Hi Mr. Jadeja. Thank you for this opportunity. So our first question is on 
the side of the margins so we had marked an improvement in the margins from Q1 to Q4, 
but still we committed to stay on the 20% EBITDA margin by the end of Q4 so can you 
help us understand that how do you plan to achieve this 20% margin journey by Q4 with 
our expenses, which are increasing at a faster rate versus the revenue growth so can you 
help us understand that. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes Vinit. Actually if you see we have improved by 100 basis point this quarter from 16.1% 
we have gone up to 17.1% in the EBITDA margin and as you will see that the NTO 3 
implementation has happened and because of that Q2 is still showing a higher side of the 
cost, which has stabilized now so we have increased our revenue and we have increased the 
cost also. So now the cost has stabilized so we are looking forward that somewhere the 
EBITDA margin is again going to improve. Last year we were at 20% that we are going to 
achieve by Q4 and many projects are outsourced, which I cannot disclose but yes we are 
confident that with those new projects coming into the fold of GTPL, our margin is going 
again back to the 20% as whatever hit we have to take for that, it has already happened in 
Q1 and Q2. 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay so on the pay channel cost the 434 Crores  that we reported this quarter you expect 
that expense to be at a steady rate versus the revenue growth going forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes if you say the increase in the pay channel cost is not going to happen on that pace  
whereas the increase in the revenue is going to happen in the higher pace because revenues 
are still getting realized, cost has already stabilized. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay and how should we look at the other expenses which is 182 Crores for the quarter so 
do you expect the similar growth rate going forward in the following quarters or do you 
expect that to decelerate. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
The other expenses are going to be on the normal rate now. As you see other operating, 
admin and saving expense which has gone up by 4% quarter to quarter and if I talk about 
the H1 to H1 it has gone up to by around 19%, but 182 Crores which we are seeing right 
now already considered whatever increase we have to do. As whatever the expansion we 
have to do in the north and all which is we have to take. It is taken in Q4 and Q1 and Q2 of 
the cost so we are not seeing that it is going to go up much and it will be on the normal rate. 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay and my second question comes to the broadband segment so even under broadband 
segment our growth rate is now coming down to a 10% kind of a growth versus in the 
previous year in few quarters where we were growing upwards of 15% to 20% so how are 
you looking growth over there and has the B2C component of the subscribers that we were 
adding it on an inorganic basis or has that come in or it is yet to come in for us. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No B2C is coming in still. B2B as last quarter we have added good numbers. This quarter it 
could be a bit down as some of the technical problems and all we have faced on some of the 
network so B2C whatever the numbers you are seeing that 30k we have increased in the 
quarter. Around 25k is around B2C so we have increased from 960 to 990k we have gone 
that is 30k increase in the quarter out of that 25k is B2C right now and 5k is B2B.  
Vinit Manek: 
Okay so the B2B revenue is yet to come in the coming quarters. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
That is right. 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay and should we expect that growth rate coming back to 15% kind of a growth rate. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Y-o-Y we are looking forward to, we are down to 10% right now. Y-o-Y we are looking 
forward that it should come back to 15% again. 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay and just one last question from my side. So even on the depreciation side we had seen 
a slight acceleration versus the previous quarter run rate during this quarter, which is 820 
Crores so any one off in that or this is a steady state number that will be there going 
forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
As we consolidate  Metro Cast so that is why you have seen some increase in the 
depreciation over there so we have added the assets of Metro Cast in our case where the 
Metro Cast have some on the asset side so that comes into the depreciation. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay so this is steady state number that will go forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes that is stable number I will say which is going to be. 
Vinit Manek: 
Okay. Thank you very much for taking my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
So, with the World Cup going on  we may expect higher margin on marketing incentive so 
can you help me understand the typical structure between an advertiser say Pepsi and the 
channel for example Star Sports and the broadcaster such as ourselves. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Rahul no we do not get the margins on the advertisement side. Advertisement is only for the 
broadcaster. Yes we get the enhancement in our subscriber base because of that I am seeing 
that right now I am seeing that around 120,000 customers has come back within the first 
week of October, you can say from 4th October till date and more are coming back on that 
so I am seeing the surge in our subscriber base especially the subscriber base who has 
already have the boxes in all their homes and they have stopped the services, they are 
coming back so that surge I have seen within a week’s time. We got around more than 
120,000 subscriber base back in our port. 
Rahul Jain: 
Okay so my second question is like do we have some leverage for the placement of 
marketing incentive when it comes to our 50 plus channel that we own and operate. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
You are talking about leverage on what, on the World Cup or you are talking about in 
general leverage. 
Rahul Jain: 
In general leverage.  
Piyush Pankaj: 
In general yes the number of revenue are higher then we get more incentives from the 
broadcasters because they have to put all 50 channels together. We should put them in our 
packages also and all so that is the case so we get more incentives so the number of 
channels are  higher. 
Rahul Jain: 
I understand the whole effect of  pay channel cost and placement revenue are higher on a 
year on year basis but can you explain the performance on a quarter on quarter basis. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We have just two quarters so we have started implementing on Q1 somewhere from the mid 
of the April and by this quarter the whole market has got stabilized so whatever increase has 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
to happen at the pay  channel side has already happened and now we are at stable stage 
from Q3 onwards where cost side is at least totally stable now. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Urvi Shah from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Urvi Shah: 
Good afternoon. Apologies I got disconnected earlier. Sir so I had a quick question. We can 
see that there is higher increase in depreciation and interest on Q-o-Q basis so what is the 
reason for that. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Hi Urvi, the reason is that we have consolidated Metro Cast in this quarter and their 
depreciations and their fixed assets also came into our books and because of that you are 
seeing that around from 73 to 74 Crores it has gone up to 82 Crores that is increase of 8 
Crores happened, about 11% increase because of that. 
Urvi Shah: 
Okay thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
Hi sir, good afternoon. This ARPU which has stayed flattish quarter on quarter basis so 
what is the outlook on that, I mean do you see this increasing. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
You are talking about broadband business. 
Rahil Shah: 
Yes broadband yes. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
I explained in earlier calls also Rahil that the broadband we are looking for more of volume 
gain rather than the value gain, but being sensitive market the ARPU range will be between 
400 to 460 and this increase is also what you are saying that we have gone up from 
somewhere 450 to 460 and last two years if you see our trend from 400 to 460 that is only 
because that people are going for the higher packages that they are going from 50 MBPS to 
80 MPBS to 100 MBPS where the prices are high so that is the way. We still consider if 
you ask me that broadband business is more of a startup business out of 315 million homes 
only 35 million homes are there in broadband so still a long way to go and it is going to be a 
more of a volume game like the telecom rather than value game right now. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay so headroom is huge and you see near term good traction for that. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes from the traction the way it is going to increase because as you know all the focus is 
there in the Digital India and broadband government is pushing it, everyone is pushing it, 
everyone is going for digital and more and more as more consistency we are going to 
require as more financial transactions are going to happen through this then wired 
broadband is one of the most, most consistent provider and most consistent you can say 
giving the wire bandwidth and everything so it is a proven technology, worldwide proven 
technology so we are going to in fact wire broadband is going to grow as it has grown in 
other markets if we talk US already penetration is more than 70%. You talk about Euro 
zone it is already more than 60%, China 55% so already those markets have already gone 
up so we are looking forward so that India will come to close to 50% at least in wired 
broadband. 
Rahil Shah: 
So based on your knowledge about the industry by when do you expect India reaching that 
stage in general? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes we are looking forward that half a decade five years, we should be there. 
Rahil Shah: 
We will be more than ready to capture a good market share there. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes 50% penetration that is going to be 150 million household that will be wired 
broadband. 
Rahil Shah: 
Right, right okay and lastly you said the pay channel cost increase will not happen at the 
same rate as the revenue growth so what are your expectations about the full year then in 
terms of revenues you have seen a good growth in Q2 so is this sustainable quarter on 
quarter any outlook there. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
As I talked about that we are already Y-o-Y 17% increase is already happening there. I am 
looking forward that if you see my trend from last five years to six years we have the 
CAGR of subscription revenue is between 18% to 21% that is what we are going to 
maintain in this year also, already we at 17% so we are going forward, also we are seeing 
that somewhere 18 to 21% of subscription revenue, yes free channel is now stabilized so we 
are looking forward that as revenue will grow and the cost will be stabilized main cost so 
that we will see that the margin will improve and from 17% margin right now we are going 
to go up and again the normalized margin of 20% that is what we are trying to achieve. 
Rahil Shah: 
Perfect okay and GTPL Genie how is that doing. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
GTPL Genie is doing good, initial days I will say because still the product is new for the 
subscribers around 90k subscribers has come mainly more towards the contract cable, but 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
yes right now we are re-jigging the whole you can say the offer and by end of Q3 we are 
going to relaunch Genie in a newer product so that is the plan right now but yes this Genie 
is I think is a good traction 90k around but we are seeing that slowness has come there at 
that point of time so it is required a rejig which we are going to do in this quarter. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay perfect Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saloni Sha an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Saloni Sha: 
Hello Sir, good afternoon. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir I have few questions specific 
to the different revenue items. The first one being revenue based from activation so we have 
seen an increase in active and paying subscribers yet the activation revenue is lower if we 
see the Y-on-Y and Q-on-Q basis so I think if you can just throw some light on how the 
subscriber base has moved on gross basis, addition of new subscribers Metro Cast 
subscribers rather than the net basis. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes activation revenue is more of what you are recovering at the time of putting the boxes 
in the subscriber home, which is for activation of the boxes what revenue you are getting it 
yes activation revenue was very high in the past and it is getting deferred according to the 
accounting standard, it is getting deferred for five years, it is a deferred revenue which is 
coming back to our books. The realization of the money has already happened in the past. 
See this revenue is continuing at the time when the digital DAS that as you know the 
digitization of whole industry was happening and the whole boxes are getting placed in the 
customers room that was happening and at that point of time you are giving the boxes in 
bulk because every customer the new boxes has to go into their household and you are 
collecting the activation income from them as you are putting the assets in their households 
and those are getting deferred for 5 years according to the Ind AS and those revenues are 
coming back so right now Ind AS I will say the activation revenue is very less because 
whenever you are giving the box activation is normal course of business now rather than a 
special course of business at the time of DAS implementation when you are doing the 
whole digitization of the industry so that is why you are seeing there is a decline and we are 
looking forward that activation revenue will be in the range of negligible you can say in the 
whole P&L and you can see that in Q2 also it is hardly 4 Crores which is there. It will 
remain in the same range 3 to 4 Crores every quarter, not more than that. 
Saloni Sha: 
Okay Sir my next question being what is the increase in the subscription income from cable 
TV attributable to and like what portion of it is NTO effect and how much is the natural 
growth. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
Piyush Pankaj: 
If you talk about subscription income right now 8% growth will happen from there. The Q1 
and Q2 if we talk about there is increase in the numbers of around 400k which is mainly 
because of Metro Cast you can say, in this around Metro Cast has contributed of around 18 
Crores the rest is the NTO 3. If you talk about H1 to H1. 
Saloni Sha: 
Okay and Sir my last question is I think our other income is mostly attributable to EPC 
work that we do, so do we have any EPC contract expected to win and also if it is there 
what is the tenure left on the existing EPC contract. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
So right now we do not have an EPC we have the ONM, operation and maintenance of what 
EPC project we did and right now the 3 years has been lapsed, 4 years is more there of 
O&M of Bharat Net Project which we did earlier. Yes there is in the pipeline as you know 
that parliament has just passed the Bharat Net Project and sanctioned the amount and we are 
expecting that the tender will start coming from December, January. We are going to be one 
of the prominent player to go for the tender especially our strategical team. Apart from that 
yes we are looking forward for some of the government projects which is in pipeline and 
some will come in Q3 some will come in Q4 so yes we have the capabilities and we are 
looking forward to take big projects for the government projects also and Bharat Net 
Projects also. 
Saloni Sha: 
Okay Sir. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity Sir. Sir you had guided that going forward 50% of our 
subscribers will be from organic acquisition, organic based and 50% will be through 
acquisitions so if you could highlight the strategies that we are following as well as what 
kind of valuations are looking when we are going for acquisitions as well as at what rate 
have we acquired Metro Cast like what multiple have we acquired Metro Cast. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Metro Cast already we have given the consol to the public and already given the amount of 
subscribers which we have gained by that, the circular which we have posted so from there 
you can make way what is the per subscriber base is given over there. Right now yes the 
strategy is the same that we can go for consolidate the industry which Mr. Jadeja has also 
mentioned that we are going consolidate the industry and do the layering of the services 
also both the cases both the things, yes the strategy is same. This quarter we have not made 
any acquisitions yet but the acquisitions are in the pipeline. Already we did one big Metro 
Cast as acquisition in the first H1 and we are looking forward for the next two Quarters also 
to get acquisition. Yes organic always going to be a continuous effort on the organic side 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
which is going on. The strategy is the same and we have not changed the strategy for those 
and we are working towards that only. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir the multiples that we will get for the acquisition will be similar to the Metro Cast that we 
have given or it will be like in those range. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
No it depends on the scale and the market the target is working on. 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja:  
It actually varies market to market. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay Sir can you just like quantify what will be the minimum IRR or the ROC that we will 
expect from this kind of investment going forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Minimum IRR if we talk about we look forward that it is going to be more than the cost of 
capital which is somewhere around 14% so we look forward that IRR should be more than 
14% being invested. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you Sir. My next question is so Genie we have seen 90,000 subscriber base so is this 
a profitable business for us right now or as the subscribers grow we will see profitability 
coming in. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Not much profitable you can say but right now what we seeing that we are not incurring any 
losses on this business whatever we have to keep our OTT margins we have given it plus 
whatever operation cost is there we are making it and we are making very high margins 
moving up but yes as I said that we are rejigging  the whole thing and coming up with more 
attractive prices and more attractive packages on this and re-launching it so that is going to 
happen but yes there is no loss in this whole business, it is more of profit but very small 
very small margin. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay thank you Sir, so like the margin that we are guiding 20% but what kind of subscriber 
base can we achieve that 20% EBITDA margin. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
We are looking forward to close subscriber base of around 10 million by this financial year 
that is the target on which we are working and in the broadband side we are looking forward 
for around somewhere between 1.05 million to 1.07 million. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay so between 1.05 to 1.07, we could achieve a 20% EBITDA margin going forward. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
That is it. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you Sir. That was very helpful and all the best.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Mehta from Mirzar Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Mehta: 
Thank you sir for the opportunity. I just have a couple of questions so firstly there is a new 
concept of LAN sports where people playing online games stream their videos and 
performance over the web this is more like a social media handle where good videos attract 
a lot of viewership so do we have any plans to enter into LAN sports and what is the 
opportunity size in this also what is the business model that could be employed in this to 
create a new robust revenue stream. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Right now we do not have any plan on this Karan. Yes we are going to introduce gaming as 
we are talking about the layering of the business but that is going to be with our partners 
like we are doing it for the OTT and we are going to play on the margins like we playing on 
the OTT but this type of product is still we have not configured in our stable Karan. 
Anirudhsinh Jadeja: 
Yes actually such ideas did come to us before earlier but we have not yet considered or tried 
to go ahead with it but in future maybe we might. I am not sure. 
Karan Mehta: 
Okay but Sir just wanted to understand like we have seen that cable business is a very 
stagnant business, broadband is the new leg of growth that I think would be there in the 
media industry so do not you think having this kind of diversification in the broadband 
business itself will create a new revenue stream. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Karan first I disagree with you that the cable business is not a growing business. We are 
looking forward that we will grow as a cable company. I am not talking about the industry, 
industry might be stable but yes as a company as we are consolidating and we have lot of 
opportunities to grow as around 45 million subscriber base is with the smaller MSO which 
is up for the grab plus the TV industry or you can say the whole cable and satellite industry 
is growing, it is still growing or TV is growing at the rate of 1.68% CAGR. Still 100 to 150 
million subscriber base is not having TV in their homes are not having TV in the country so 
still we look forward that cable business is a growing business and you can look at in our 
numbers also that our subscription in mainly in the cable and the numbers are still growing. 
Yes the second thing which is coming on the broadband you are right that broadband is 
more of like a sunrise as I said earlier in this call that it is more of like a start up business 
and it is a sunrise sector so lot of more growth, rate of growth is going to be higher in that 
and you are right that this type of product which is more of innovative products and going 
to attract more and more younger people and the social media friendly so yes we should 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
consider this so thanks a lot for bringing it to us. We will see that what innovative product 
we can introduce. 
Karan Mehta: 
Okay Sir just one related question so Reliance has initiated RISE program which is 
Reliance Initiative for Sports and Entertainment which has acquired IPR for streaming 
online games so now being a Reliance Group Company what could be the potential benefit 
that we can gain from this. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
See right now we have not talked about the content sharing with our parent company. We 
have to talk about those strategies and all. We are more focusing on our cable and 
broadband business and how we are going to layer the more and more services to broadband 
that is more of it. Yes content sharing we have to see because lot of things comes into play 
on that whether they can share their subsidiaries or their associates or not so all those 
problems  come into play but yes we have not explored that right now. 
Karan Mehta: 
Okay Sir just one last question what are our expansion plans for this fiscal in both cable as 
well as broadband business, this and next fiscal. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Expansion you can say that already we are at 22 states. We are looking forward to go for 
one more state and two more UT so somewhere that we are going to consider in this next 
two quarters. Already the plan is there and we are working towards that. In the broadband 
side yes main focus or the known expansion part is going to be from the B2B, already we 
are covering some of the states, slowly we have to cover all 22 to 23 states where we are 
present and we are working towards that. 
Karan Mehta: 
What is our presence right now in the broadband, how many states? 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Right now if we talk about we are present in around 9 states which I have given you in my 
presentation also if you see. The first slide of my investor presentation you will get our 
presence in the cable and broadband, also which states we are. 
Karan Mehta: 
Okay fine that was very helpful Sir. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ketan Athavale from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Hello Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Can you please reiterate your guidance for 
FY2024, 2025 and 2026 on consolidated basis. 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Ketan right now I can just say that we are looking forward to come back to our growth area 
which is if you see total revenue was somewhere between 18% to 28% and the same was 
growing in the range of 18% to 20% in the case of TV and around 15 to 16% in the case of 
broadband that is what we are looking forward for the next two years also. EBITDA growth 
was the range of somewhere around 12% to 13%, which we are looking forward and we 
will maintain that. This quarter we did around 7% growth that is almost 125.8 Crores to 135 
Crores. We look forward that somewhere we will maintain that CAGR which we did over 
the years in the EBITDA side, subscriber base and all yes in the next two years as I said that 
we are going to cross around 10 million this year. We look forward to have a million more 
subscriber base in next two years in the cable side and in the broadband side I have said that 
we are going to cross 1.05 million to 1.07 million somewhere and we looking forward at the 
next two years so will be close to 1.2 million to 1.25 million in the broadband side. As your 
B2B business will have to be scaled. 
Ketan Athavale: 
Okay got it. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Bajoriya an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Bajoriya: 
So thank you for the opportunity so I have a couple of questions besides the smaller LCO 
acquisition, what is our natural expansion strategy like in the current presentation as we 
have shared that we are expanding aggressively in states such as Delhi, Tamil Nadu, 
Andhra or Haryana, so Sir can you share like our progress in these states for like year to 
date. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes sure so if I talk about Andhra and Telangana  where already crossing million subscriber 
base which we achieved in last three years and still we are going very strong and looking 
forward that we will continue to grow in Andhra, Haryana markets both together. If I talk 
about Maharashtra we have already more than a million in Maharashtra and going very 
strong over there Maharashtra market is a bit tapped market you can see but lot of 
opportunities are there for the acquisitions which we looking forward to grow as an 
acquisition side in the Maharashtra. Tamil Nadu already in last two years we have got more 
than a million subscriber and we look forward that more and more to come into the fold, 
here the idea is more in the organic side rather than inorganic or acquisition side, 
acquisition is more happening in the north market where we are talking about Delhi, 
Haryana, Uttrakahand, Uttar Pradesh there more of acquisitions market we looking for. We 
will do more acquisitions over there and that is the strategy on which we are working. 
Every state has different strategy based on their dynamics, based on the numbers 
availability, based on the number of players investing over there, based on the number of 
persons working on those market and based on what ARPU is going into that market, what 

 
 
                     GTPL Hathway Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
type of packages are making benefit so all things are there but specifically for state I have 
given you what all are the strategies which we are looking forward to. 
Sahil Bajoriya: 
Okay Sir just a followup question like given our strong position in Gujarat and West Bengal 
so like what is the headroom of further expansion or like consolidation in these states. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Yes there is lot of headroom in the West Bengal market. We are number two player over 
there, not the number one so still lot of headroom to become number one over there so we 
are looking forward to that. In Gujarat we are number one and dominant. Main competition 
is DTH which we are doing that so that is the case in these two markets. 
Sahil Bajoriya: 
Thank you Sir. Thanks for the perspective. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen this was the last question of the day. I now hand the conference over 
to the management for closing comments. 
Piyush Pankaj: 
Thanks I would like to express my thanks to every participant who took their time out to 
attend the call. For any queries, please feel free to connect with Orient Capital which is our 
investor relations advisor. Thank you once again. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of Emkay Global Financial Services that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
