 
Netweb Technologies India Limited 
[Formerly Known as Netweb Technologies India Private Limited] 
Plot No. H-1, Block-H, Pocket No. 9, Faridabad Industrial Town, Sector-57, Faridabad, Haryana 121004 
Tel. No. : +91-129-2310400 
 
Website : www.netwebindia.com E-mail : complianceofficer@netwebindia.com 
CIN 
: 
U72100HR1999PLC103911
PAN NO 
: 
AABCN4805A
GST NO 
: 
06AABCN4805A1Z3
Date : 07.11.2023 
 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF Q2 FY24 POST RESULTS EARNING CALL 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (Listing Regulations), please find enclosed the transcript of Post results 
earning call for Q2 FY24 held on Thursday, 02nd November, 2023.  
This is for your information and dissemination on your website. 
Thanking you, 
For Netweb Technologies India Limited 
 
 
Lohit Chhabra 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M.NO A36610 
 
 
To,  
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai – 400 001.  
BSE Scrip Code: 543945 
To,  
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”, Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (EAST), Mumbai – 400 051  
NSE SYMBOL: NETWEB 
LOHIT 
CHHABR
A
Digitally signed 
by LOHIT 
CHHABRA 
Date: 2023.11.07 
17:44:06 +05'30'

NETWEB TECHNOLOGIES INDIA LIMITED  
Q2 FY 24 POST RESULTS EARNING CALL 
DATED: 02ND NOVEMBER, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
PRESENTER :  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha : Chairman & Managing Director  
Mr. Hirdey Vikram : Chief Sales & Marketing Officer  
Mr. Prawal Jain : Chief Financial Officer & Chief Human Resources 
Officer  
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti : Head of Uirtus Advisors LLP and Investor 
Relations and Advising Firm  
Mr. Sandeep Shah : Equirus Securities 
 
 

File name – Netweb Technologies India – TRANSCRIPT OF Q2FY24 Results Call  
Duration – 01:03:20 
Speaker1 (00:01): Yes, the call has started. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (00:26): Sanjeev sir, I am starting. 
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory Firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India Limited (00:29): Yes please. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (00:25): Yeah, so hi, good afternoon, good evening 
to all the participants. I am Sandeep Shah from Equirus Securities. I welcome all the 
participants and investor and senior management to Netweb Technologies India post 
results 2Q at FY24 earnings webinar. Please note that this webinar is for 60 minutes and 
same is recorded. Now I hand over the floor to Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus 
Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb Technologies India, to introduce the senior 
management of NetWeb and to discuss the safe harbour statement and the flow of the 
webinar. Over to you, Mr. Sanjeev. 
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory Firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (01:12): Thank you, Sandeep. Good afternoon to all the participants. 
It is my pleasure to introduce to all of you the senior management team of NetWeb today 
to present the call. With me are Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. 
Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer and Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial 
Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer. Before I hand over the call to Mr. Sanjay Lodha 
for the opening remarks, I would just like to draw your attention to the safe harbour 
statement in the earning update presentation. Over to you, Mr. Lodha. 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (01:46): Thank you, Sandeep and 
Sanjeev. Good afternoon and a very warm welcome to all of you to NetWeb Technologies 
Quarter 2 Financial Year 24 earnings webinar. I will take you through the business and 
operational highlights of the quarter gone by while our CFO, Mr. Prawal Jain will share 
the financial metrics. We are happy to state that company achieved strong top and 
bottom-line growth in the quarter gone by. The total income increased by 100% that is 
double, year on year and basically 145% that is 2.5 times quarter on quarter reaching 
1480 million in quarter 2 for financial year 24. Net profit for the quarter grew 
significantly by 65.9% year on year and 197.4% quarter to quarter to 151 million. Our 
business pipeline remains robust at 31,479 million with 3,496 million already qualified 
as L1 bids. Given our typical conversion order cycle of six to nine months, we anticipate 
receiving most of the orders related to these L1 bids in the second half of financial year 
24. On the back of our strong pipeline and robust order book of 2,174 million, we 
anticipate a much stronger second half. Future opportunities as mentioned in the 
previous earnings webinar, we have successfully entered into a transformative license 
agreement with the renowned industrial leader Intel. This groundbreaking partnership 
empowers us to embark on a journey towards producing cutting edge high-end 
computing systems based on Intel's next generation architecture. This milestone step will 
help us in establishing better control over the designs of the upcoming generation 
platforms. We also plan to introduce low power RISC based ARM architecture based high 

end computing systems in the Indian market. We believe this is a significant step forward 
as it will help us acquire big ticket cases where enterprises will comprehensively need 
the lowest footprint of the data center high-end servers and multiply the performance of 
system with more cores per power per watt. As you are already aware, in order to 
manufacture our products without relying on our third-party entities and to expand our 
portfolio by offering products on new generation latest architecture from Intel, AMD and 
Nvidia, as well as the networking switches, we have initiated the establishment of our 
own SMT lines. To capitalize on the emerging opportunities in the generative AI and 5G 
space, we are expediting the setup of SMT line by installing it in a leased premises. This 
will accelerate our capabilities and we anticipate that our SMT line will be operational by 
the end of this financial year itself. As you all may be aware, India has a significant 
potential to seize the opportunities presented by the growth of large language model that 
is LLM models and widespread adoption of AI across business worldwide  marks 
adoption of AI in enterprise and general workloads by government and large corporates 
is generating very large requirements for AI compute systems. With our large 
deployments such as Airawat puts us in a different league and offers us an advantage so 
as to cater to the upcoming requirements around generative AI. In addition, fresh 
requirements of cyber security hardened computing systems especially amid the latest 
successful attacks or cyber-attacks on the foreign OEMs is a big opportunity for us. As 
ORAN opens up, private 5G and 5G architecture has opened up the space for us to provide 
our systems and solutions for CU, DU, RU and RIC thereby offering large business avenues 
for us. Adoption of private cloud by BFSI specifically by public sector banks is again a 
large opportunity for us as more and more banks are looking at private cloud 
deployments. Adoption of HPC in oil and gas is on the rise. Having worked on migration 
of workloads on HPC for India as one of the largest oil and gas company exploring 
business puts us in an advantageous position to capitalize on this emerging opportunity. 
We are progressing well on our foray into networking switches and 5G ORAN. Network 
switches plan to be rolled out by end of Q3 where 5G ORAN is expected by end of financial 
year 24. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Prawal Jain, our CFO, to provide updates 
on the financial numbers. Thank you. 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (06:51): 
Thank you, Mr. Lodha. Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Many thanks for joining the 
earnings webinar. I will give a brief overview of the financial numbers for the quarter 
before we open up for Q&A. I hope everyone would have got a chance to look at the 
earnings presentation and the press release by now. While our CMD has already covered 
the macro outlook, I will try to explain in more granular manner the financial 
performance of the quarter gone by. Our revenue from operations rose by 96.7% YoY 
basis from 737 million in Q2 financial year 23 to Rs. 1450 million in Q2 financial year 24. 
Gross Profit was at Rs. 392 million marking a YoY increase of 71.4% and a QoQ increase 
of 76.6%. Gross Profit margin was 27%, down from 31% in the corresponding quarter of 
the previous year. While the margin for the quarter decreased, the margin for H1 financial 
year 24 increased to 30% up from 29.5% in H1 financial year 23. This emphasizes that 
assessing our business on a quarter basis may not be or may not provide a holistic 
perspective. An evaluation based on the overall annual performance would offer a more 
accurate reflection of our progress. While the GP margin stood at 30% for H1 financial 

year 24, this was due to some high margin orders that got executed in Q1 financial year 
24. Hence, as was explained in the previous earnings calls, margin over the year should 
or will average out to over 27% around. Operating EBITDA increased by 43.8% to 192 
million in Q2 financial year 24. Operating EBITDA margins for the quarter contracted by 
488 basis points year on year at 13.3%. However, the operating margin for H1 financial 
year 24 declined by only 231 basis points at 13.6%. This reduction was largely due to the 
impact of ESOP charge to the tune of Rupees 70 million in the current half as against nil 
charge in the corresponding period of the previous year. While the gross profit margin 
will even out over the year as stated above, we expect EBITDA margins to be in the range 
of 14 to 15% due to operating leverage which will come into play. Profit after tax for the 
quarter increased by 65.9% YoY basis reaching to 151 million and PAT margin for the 
quarter was at 10.2%. Return on equity fell from 56.9% in Q2 financial year 23 to 17.4% 
in Q2 financial year 24 due to increase in the Net Worth on account of IPO proceeds 
coming in. However, the ROE for the quarter has improved on QoQ basis by 72 basis 
points in spite of the increased Net Worth on account of IPO proceeds, driven by a 
significant increase in profit after tax. Similarly, Return on Capital Employed 
demonstrated an improvement of 323 basis points percentage on a QoQ basis rising to 
22.3%. During the quarter, net debt significantly decreased to negative 0.3 million as 
compared to 239 million in Q2 financial year 23. Kindly note that this net debt calculation 
excludes un-utilized proceeds from IPO. Net current assets increased to rupees 3362 
million in Q2 financial year 24 as compared to 1127 million in Q1 financial year 24. This 
increase was primarily due to unutilized IPO proceeds lying in bank deposits. The cash 
conversion cycle in Q2 financial year 24 improved to 108 days down from 140 days in Q1 
financial year 24. This reduction was largely due to the reduction in receivables by 59 
days, inventory by 73 days, partly offsetting by reduction in creditors by 100 days. We 
continue to remain focused on our strategic priorities and growth pillars laying emphasis 
on our long-term goals of sustainable growth and profitability. On the back of a stronger 
quarter coupled with a robust order book and business pipeline, we are extremely 
confident of achieving strong revenue and profit growth in the current financial years. 
With this now I hand over the call to Mr. Sandeep Shah to take it further from here. Thank 
you. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (12:20): Yeah thanks, thanks Mr. Prawal Jain. With 
this we come to the end of the opening remarks. We can now open the floor for the Q&A. 
Participants request you to all restrict to two questions in the initial round and for more 
questions request you to join the queue again. Participants, whoever wants to ask 
questions please press raise hand icon on your screen and once your turn comes unmute 
yourself, announce your name and company name first and then ask your questions. Once 
you get the reply to your question please lower the hand icon on the screen. Also sincere 
request to all the participants if you are not talking please remain on a mute to avoid the 
echo on the audio sound and then or enable proper hearing to the audio sound. 
Participants please raise your hand icon to ask your question. So, I think we have a first 
question from Renu Baid. Please go-ahead Ms. Renu Baid.  
Ms. Renu Baid (13:18): Yeah hi, good afternoon team and congratulations for strong 
results. Numbers seem to be exactly on-line the way you had guided for. So, to start with 

the first question, can you share some more details and inputs in terms of the large order 
pipeline? A, the large orders that we have in the backlog today and how is the pipeline for 
these large ticket size orders looking for the next 6 months and typically the way you 
would earlier share what is the kind of overall order pipeline from government and 
private sector orders that you are looking over the next 12-15 months for your business? 
That's the first question.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (13:56): Thank you. Thank you 
Renu Baid for your question actually and definitely we will always try to strike by 
whatever we promise. The idea is that so basically as regards the order book is concerned, 
the order book has seen a considerable jump. So, basically the currently order book is 
somewhere around 217 crores approximately. Okay which was basically earlier used to 
be less but actually as I told you our company cannot be judged on the fact of the order 
book because order book conversion cycle is quite good. Actually in our case what 
happens is that between 12 to 16 weeks we are able to close the orders. Okay so basically 
we are a pipeline driven company. So, our pipeline currently stands off as somewhere 
around 3,100 crores, little more than 3,100 crores approximately. Out of that somewhere 
around 350 crores we are already L1 actually. Okay and so we feel there is a very, very 
robust pipeline already. We have already achieved 204 crores approximately in the last 
quarter. We have already an order book of around 217 as on as on 30th September and 
basically, which will definitely get built out in this quarter itself and plus basically, we will 
have a, since basically, we have the L1 at 350 crore, so basically, other than that also, we 
have a robust pipeline, so we are very, very, basically, I can tell you, we are  very, very 
well on the track, so as to achieve our, basically, the growth CGR, which we have predicted 
and to achieve the ultimate objective of around 600 crore plus, which we are targeting 
for the year-end, actually.  
Ms. Renu Baid (15:38): Sure, any large ticket size orders, sir, of typical those 100 crores 
kind of project size that we have in pipeline or that we are already L1 on?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (15:48): Basically, actually, I am 
not, suppose, I don't think we should, but basically, we have, there is one very large order 
from ISRO, which we are already working upon, we are already L1, we are expecting it at 
any point of time and basically, we have already won an order, basically, from one of the 
India's largest security firms actually, that is basically that is somewhat certain, which is 
already there, actually, in the order book as well, so we have large orders, actually, coming 
in even from the enterprise segment, we are seeing a lot of attractions of the enterprise 
segment as well, as well as the government, so basically, as regards business is concerned, 
we have a really, very, very robust and a very good funnel as well, which gives us complete 
confidence of achieving our numbers without any problem.  
Ms. Renu Baid (16:31): Got it. And, sir, my second question is, if you look at the new 
product pipeline on which you are working, right from switching devices for telecom 
sector domestically in India under Make in India program, and the devices for 5G private 
operators, private operator applications, so what kind of opportunities you think could 
translate in terms of revenues for these businesses in the next two to three years? And 

how is the ramp up on the export portfolio with these specialized equipment that we are 
working through? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (17:05): Great. So, basically, as 
regards our product line is concerned, basically, it's ever growing, actually, what happens 
is that, as I already mentioned in the opening remarks, basically, working on the Intel new 
generation chipsets, and basically, in this technology domain, people who come with the 
newer technologies always get more traction because the performance is better than 
what the earlier products were. So, our kind of customers always want to focus on that. 
So, we will have our new servers, new designs are almost all ready, and basically should 
be, are almost ready to roll out as regards on the server side also, on Intel platforms, on 
AMD platforms, as I already mentioned to you, we are working on a very good, basically, 
product designs with AMD, with ARM, actually, which is with NVIDIA, which will be really 
a game changer. And how basically, generative AI is getting traction, and how, basically, 
generative AI, basically, India is also having a lot of, basically, getting a lot of uptrend 
primarily from the business potential with generative AI generating for the country at 
this point of time. So, basically, there is large infrastructure installations, which are being 
planned by all the major vendors all across, there is a lot of noise in the markets, we see 
that is there. Other than that, networking switches, as I told you, is basically, has got a 
very robust growth, and a number of products are about to be launched anytime this 
quarter itself. We did a very good show with the India Mobile Congress, our booth, got a 
lot of attention, and basically, we had a large booth there promoting our products as well. 
So, basically, we were showcasing our Make in India complete online solution with DU, 
CU and everything, everything integrated. So, we have generated a lot of interest around 
that, and this market is evolving, we feel that definitely, we will get good traction around 
that. As the export is concerned, definitely, we are on track, we are already working 
towards that, the new unit, which we are setting up is basically the tax exemption zone. 
So, that will help us so as to basically export easily. So, that is also being done. And plus, 
basically, we are already in the process of exploring various markets, because we see all 
these products have got good traction outside, and you can very well understand, under 
the current geopolitical situation, I think India has got a better place and basically 
acceptance of Indian products and solutions is also higher. And since basically, the 
pressure on India will be there, rather than the other countries.  
Ms. Renu Baid (19:46): Right. Sanjay ji, just to interrupt, your explanations are pretty 
elaborate, and thank you for that. Just the number that I was looking out for is for the two 
new product segments, 5G O-RAN solutions and networking switches, which you're 
planning to commercially launch by second half of next year. What kind of revenue 
potential do these two new product lines or segments could be in your view from a two 
to three year perspective? So, do we have any number that how large could be the 
networking switches profile for us from a two to three year business once it kickstarts? 
Or similar for the 5G O-RAN when we do on project basis with other EPC system 
integrators for overseas markets or so?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (20:30): Yeah, so basically, as 
regards network, I just like to basically correct, basically networking switches are being 
launched actually this quarter itself. Okay, and basically 5G O-RAN should be launched by 

the end of by March, approximately 24th. So, basically, definitely the product launch is all 
expected to be done within this year, only we want to do it. As regards basically 
networking switches revenue, we definitely have projected a revenue basically 
somewhere around I think 15 to 20 crores approximately this year. Okay, and as regards 
5G O-RAN definitely as it has been launched during the end of the current financial year, 
we are not forecasting any particular revenue of this particular year. But definitely next 
year, since you are seeing the way 5G adoption is happening and basically since Make in 
India has got again a significance, we need a very good head start there also. And plus 
basically international acceptance of the product launch also we feel will be higher. I feel 
definitely these will occupy a good space in our total revenue. But at this point of time, 
I'm not like to really comment on that. But you can very well understand that the other 
areas we are working are also growth areas. So, basically, they will slowly they will 
increase their total size in a product portfolio. 
Ms. Renu Baid (21:46): Got it, got it. Thanks much and best wishes, sir. I'll get back in 
the queue. Thank you.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (21:52): Thank you. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (21:53): Thanks, thanks. So, we are next in line, Mr. 
Parv Jain. Go ahead, unmute yourself and ask question. 
Mr. Parv Jain (22:01): Hi, sir. I am Parv Jain, an individual investor. Sir, on this Intel 
partnership, can you please throw some light on what exactly are we partnering for? And 
what is the incremental outlook we can see from this partnership?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (22:17): Yeah, actually, Intel 
partnership is primarily around basically what happens is that the new generation 
chipsets are being developed regularly. So, basically, we have partnered with them so as 
to basically help them. So, basically design the servers of the new generations, new 
generation architecture, which is being announced. So, basically, we already have the 
design team in place. And basically, we have increased since Intel wants to focus more on 
the local manufacturing of the units as well as basically take it across also. So, on the 
Grand Rapids and the new platforms, we are all working with them so that basically we 
have the latest state of art platform ready, maybe if not earlier than others, but at least in 
time with others. 
Mr. Parv Jain (23:03): So, we are developing an architecture for that server. Is that so, 
sir? Again? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (23:11): Come again. 
Mr. Parv Jain (23:12): We are developing an architecture.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (23:16): Yes, actually, what 
happens is that we get the chipset designs from them and then basically we develop an 
architecture completely looking at our user requirements. So, basically, our servers are 
primarily designed for supercomputing needs, for cloud needs accordingly, the kind of 
basically the bandwidth, the kind of networking, the kind of memory bandwidth, the kind 

of basically the PCI Express bandwidth, those things are needed. Then accordingly, we 
design our products based on that.  
Mr. Parv Jain (23:45): Okay, sir. And what is, I mean, how much are we seeing in 
monetary terms, this can be converted into and the outlook by when we can see this 
flowing in?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (23:55): Yeah, actually, basically, 
what happens is that currently also, if you really see in the total market also, in the server 
market, I think more than 70% of the market is being occupied by Intel, actually. So, 
definitely, since we have an early access and since we will be ready to launch with our 
products in that, we definitely think this will be very, very instrumental so as to maintain 
our growth rate.  
Mr. Parv Jain (24:22): So, any figure, I mean, any estimated that you can throw for this?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (24:26): I told you, basically, if 
we are projecting a growth rate of around 40% CAGR, and basically, definitely Intel 
servers are a major part of it, because basically most, I don't want to really comment that 
what will be the competitive scenario, because we are working equally with all the major 
technology providers. But basically, since Intel has got a major share in that, so definitely, 
it will help us so as to make our growth very, very robust.  
Mr. Parv Jain (24:54): Okay, sir. Thank you. I'll come back in the queue.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (24:58): Thank you. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (25:00): Thanks, thanks. We have next question 
from Ashish Rawat. Unmute yourself and go ahead. Ashish, you are not audible. 
Mr. Ashish Rawat (25:10): Am I, am I audible? 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (25:11): Yeah, now you are audible. 
Mr. Ashish Rawat (25:13): Thank you, Sanjay ji. First of all, congratulations, robust 
results for this quarter. Sanjay ji, my question is that you have given the approximate 
turnover of 600 cr plus. Is this including the new SMT line and the switches 
manufacturing? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (25:30): Yes, this includes 
everything, actually. Basically, the SMT line will basically will be on only by the last 
quarter, actually. Actually, we had projected at the time of the IPO that this will come on-
line by 2025, actually. But since we are trying to work on several projects, so we wanted 
to speed up this process because we are basically working on various designs and we are 
overwhelmed with the kind of response we are receiving. So, we really like to fast track 
it and we wanted to set this up ASAP. And since our designs are very confidential to us, 
we also don't want to share it with third party. So, that's the reason, basically, I think the 
SMT line should be, will be coming in production only by late February or March, actually. 
So, we will not be able to take much benefit out of it within current year. But still, basically, 
because the current setup itself will be giving us the turnover which are projected.  

Mr. Ashish Rawat (26:27): All right, sir. Thank you so much and best of luck. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (26:33): Thanks. Thanks. We have next question 
from Vimal Gohil from Alchemy. Unmute yourself and go ahead.  
Vimal Gohil, Alchemy (26:40): Yes, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Thank you. Sir, 
my question is on working capital. Very encouraging improvement over the June quarter. 
Just wanted to get a sense on how should we see this improving further going ahead? 
What should be our receivables, etc..? How are they trending as of September, October? 
Maybe if you can give us some sense. Thanks a lot. 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (27:10): 
So, our cash conversion cycle, if you will see, that has improved from 140 days in June 
quarter to 108 days. And going forward, we further see little bit improvement which can 
happen in it. And it can go in the range between 90 to 100 days. So, that is the optimal 
range in which our working capital or cash conversion cycle will move around.  
Vimal Gohil, Alchemy (27:38): Understood sir. Thank you so much. That is all from my 
side.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (27:43): Yeah, thanks. We have next question from 
Jyoti Singh. Please unmute yourself and go ahead.  
Ms. Jyoti Singh (27:52): Yeah, thank you for the opportunity and team congratulations 
on the good set of number. So, first question on the other income side, if you can explain 
why it is so high on both QonQ and year on year side.  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (28:05): 
So, this is basically of the IPO funds which have been invested in FDRs. So, the return from 
those funds have been translated into other income and it is high for the quarter and you 
will also note that it is higher on the H1 side. 
Ms. Jyoti Singh (28:24): Okay, thank you, sir. And the next question on the H2 side. So, 
we are still expecting good numbers on the H2 side and also we will be having any impact 
of furloughs during Q3. (Overlapping 28:40) Yeah, leaves.  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (28:47): 
No, no, not in our type of business. There is no impact of furloughs and whatever has been, 
I think, so given guidance of that will come.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (28:59): Yeah, actually, I 
mentioned to you, basically, if you see a historical EOB also, one third of our business 
comes in the H1 and two third of business comes in H2 actually, that is how it has been 
always been progressing the same way. So, we are very confident of having those 
numbers and our order book, our pipeline really basically shows that as well.  
Ms. Jyoti Singh (29:18): Okay, thank you so much, sir.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (29:22): Thanks, thanks. We have a next question in 
the message box. The question is, is the partnership with Intel exclusive to NetWeb and 
how will this help NetWeb in its growth journey?  

Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (29:36): Yeah, actually, basically, 
I cannot say that any partnership is exclusive to Intel, but this agreement is the agreement 
which we have with Intel, that is particularly on the server design transfer part. So, that 
definitely, that agreement only covers us very clearly, but we need to have agreements 
with others also. But at this point of time, as we are the only Indian OEM into this domain. 
And so basically, it's a very good choice for Intel to have us here. That is basically, it will 
help NetWeb, as I mentioned to you in my earlier question, around basically, if you see of 
the entire server space, around 70% of market is still, they used to be 90%, but at least 
70% of the market is still basically based on Intel. So, definitely, once we have a very good 
latest design roadmap on Intel, that will definitely help us because you can understand 
that once somebody wants to have a cloud or a supercomputer, definitely the one who 
has the latest technology, that will save power for them, that will save basically, the total 
footprint is also low. So, there are more and more regions for customers to buy that. So, 
basically, I think that will really help us and that will really fuel the growth which we are 
projecting.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (30:51): Okay, thanks, Mr. Sanjay. We have next 
question on the message box from Vidhur Chhabra. What are your employee hiring plans? 
Are they specialists or they get trained in your facilities? Also, what is your approximate 
current employee count? 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (31:14): 
So, for the H2 part, we have approximately a hiring plan of around 70 people and there 
will be a combination of specialists and they will be trained on site also. Our current 
manpower is around 300 approx. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (31:35): Prawal sir, you mentioned that in the 
second half, you will recruit another 70 employees. 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (31:41): 
Yes, yes.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (31:43): Okay. I have third question in the message 
box from Sanika Khemani. Hello, sir. I just want to know what is the revenue growth 
guidance over the next two to three years? 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (32:00): 
So, in absolute numbers, we cannot say but our revenue growth will be something in the 
range of 30 to 40 percent CAGR growth.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (32:13): 35 to 40 percent?  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (32:15): 
30 to 40 percent.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (32:17): Okay. Participant, if you want to ask 
question, please press, raise your hand icon. Sir, this is Sandeep here. Just my question is, 
when do you plan to introduce the ARM-based server using the RISC architecture? And is 
it you believe the growth opportunity through large language model still far away may be 

realized in FY25? Are you getting some inquiries from some of the enterprise clients in 
India on the ARM-based server and the LLM models? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (32:57): Yes, Sandeep. Actually, 
as regards to answering the first part of the question, the design work is already started. 
As you know, there are very few OEMs who are currently primarily trying to work on the 
NVIDIA's ARM-based architecture. They are among those. And there is a huge demand 
around it because you can very well, you are aware how the traction for generative AI has 
built up. You see all the major data centers, all the major data center providers in the 
country, all are running. So, as to have a setup on LLM, there were a lot of procedures in 
September from basically various, all the major data center providers or the ITS 
companies in the country or even basically large ITS companies like Infosys and all, they 
are all trying to set up their own generative AI, basically their test labs and all those kinds 
of things. People are trying to set up infrastructure for that. So, I think the market is really 
waiting for that. And there is a huge demand. Basically, even NVIDIA is not even able to 
provide the chipsets also. So, definitely, to answer the first part of that, that is there. The 
demand is there. And because of our products are concerned, we are definitely working 
on that at this point of time. I personally feel it should be launched by sometime maybe 
Q1 this year, end of Q4 this year, but early Q1. We are trying to do it for Q4 this year. But 
basically, I cannot promise you that it may be Q4 this year or Q1 next year. So, that should 
be there. But the earlier we come, the better it is for us. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (34:32): And Sanjay sir, just a follow up. Here also, 
everything end-to-end design of the motherboard would be done by us?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (34:39): Yes, it's already started. 
The process has already started. The end-to-end complete thing will be done by us.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (34:46): Okay, fair enough. We have next question 
from Debashish Mazumdar, who is from Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund. Go ahead, unmute 
yourself and ask question. 
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (34:57): Hi Sanjeev ji and hello 
team. Brilliant set of numbers. So, two questions. One is a little cliche. So, first one, the 
first question is, if I see the H1 number, the growth would be upwards of 45% and you 
are indicating better performance in H2. So, just try to get some sense that broadly, will 
you be able to end this year with more than 40%, 45% kind of growth? What is the 
visibility that you have? So that is the first question. And second question is, when last 
time we discussed, we have spoken about a large order from a PSU bank, any update on 
that side or any incremental order pipeline that you are seeing in the private cloud space 
from the banking sector in India? And the third question is, you have multiple segments, 
obviously high-performance computing, cloud computing, which are the areas you see 
more structural tailwinds today in terms of your growth trajectory? So these are the three 
questions I have. Thank you so much.  
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory Firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (36:09): Yeah, regarding your first question on the two-year 
guidance. So, as we told that our revenues in H1 is around one-third of the total year 

revenue. So, two-third of the revenue is yet to come for the full year. So, we have already 
close to 205 crores. So, the path is clear of achieving our numbers, what we have set. Yes. 
Can you repeat your second question again?  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (36:42): So the second question 
that I had was around your private cloud order from a PSU bank, which there was there 
in the pipeline, whether you caught that already? And is there any further pipeline of 
private cloud from Indian BFS space?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (37:01): Yes. So, basically, it was 
that we have got one of the orders actually, and others are in the pipeline. You see the 
order book, Debashis, you might have seen the order book. If you basically track us 
properly, you will see the order book. Order book is 217 crores already, almost a double 
of what it was last quarter, actually, maybe. I think even more than that. So, basically, that 
itself is a real testimony, which is showing that. Plus the funnel is also there. And plus 
basically, we are seeing a lot of traction from the PSU bank. Some of the orders have come, 
some orders are in the pipeline. But definitely, I will tell you, all the public sector banks 
will be going sooner or later on the private cloud, because that is the journey forward. 
And basically, we are very, very well geared up just to take care of the same. You had a 
third question also, Debashis.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (37:51): Yeah, yeah. So, before 
going to the third question, another point that I have noticed that your order book has 
increased significantly, despite that your pipeline or funnel is also up. So, my sense is that 
you are able to, despite large order wins in Q2, you were able to replace the funnel with 
further large orders. Is my understanding correct? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (38:12): Yeah, yes, right, actually.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (38:16): And third question that I 
had was, you have multiple segments, the high performance computing and private cloud, 
and again, some business with government, some business with private, which are the 
areas you see more structural tailwinds today? And so if you can answer that, then I have 
one more question.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (38:33): Yeah, I will put that 
question to Hirdey to answer it for you Debashis.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (38:38): Yeah, please. Hi Hirdey. 
(Overlapping 38:41) The question that I had was, so in the multiple segments reporting 
that we do, high performance computing, private cloud and stuff. So, which are the areas 
which where you see the maximum structural tailwind today? I'm not talking about this 
year or next six months or something like that. 
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (39:01): Structural what? 
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (39:04): Structural growth, where 
do you see the maximum growth? 

Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (39:08): See, we have always 
been saying that, see, there are two major pillars in our case. One is, the supercomputing 
part and second is... 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (39:18): Hirdey sir, sorry to interrupt, can you speak 
closer to the mic or slightly loudly?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (39:24): Yeah, actually, what 
basically, I'll try to answer it, maybe Hirdey can basically say that. So, basically, as regards, 
if you really, if you really see, as basically our, if you see the revenue kind of split, if we 
give the HPC and private cloud, these are the two large piece for our business, and they 
have remained a large piece for our business. We have been constantly telling it from the 
point of time of IPO itself, that both are growth areas, supercomputing is growing and the 
cloud computing is growing. So, basically, problem wherein basically all the segments we 
have there, they are all growth segments. The other segment which we see will grow is 
basically the AI segment, actually, which we'll see which will grow. But what happens in 
our case is that, that all the segments are also very, very closely related to each other. AI 
and supercomputing is also very closely related to each other. So, in nutshell, what I will 
say is that, that I feel that definitely HPC and private cloud would be the leading segments 
for us. And basically, AI and the services will keep on boosting, and they will be slowly, 
they will be slowly increasing their share in our total portfolio. I think I am right, Hirdey 
Ji? 
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (40:32): Yes, yes.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (40:34): One question is that this 
high growth trajectory that we are following, and my understanding is we are working in 
a space where manpower availability in India is a very tough challenge. So, what is your 
plan around that? And do you getting sufficient manpower to address this growth 
opportunity in this industry? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (40:58): Debashish, you are 
seeing that we have 70 people, just my CFO and CHRO has mentioned that 70 people we 
are going to employ, we already a strength of around 300 people. So, approximately you 
can say that around 30% more people will be employing in the next half actually. So, 
definitely we want more people, definitely people has been the major challenge. We went 
IPO only primarily for the purpose of basically the main purpose and to have the to attract 
talent. And I think that we are trying to achieve that goal. And definitely, I will never like 
to say that manpower is not important. Manpower is the most important in our journey. 
And we are doing everything so as to basically attract the right manpower for us. Only 
thing is that you need to have confidence in us.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (41:43): No, sir. So, the question 
was not around confidence question was, are you facing challenge in getting the proper 
manpower available? I was not doubting that you will be hiring people. I was doubting 
that. See, what happens is, we may plan a very long growth trajectory, but what happens 
is some challenges may come which is not under our control. Here, in case of us 

manpower availability could be one challenge, which can come from external this thing. 
So, that is what my point is.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (42:13): I understand your point. 
Actually, really speaking, that is the challenge which I want to face. And plus, basically, if 
you see my total trajectory also, you will feel that basically whatever growth trajectory 
which we are forecasting, that is completely very good. Because I told you, we already 
whatever I committed, we tried to deliver that. Okay, last quarter, we delivered it. Next, 
basically, I wanted to be at around 200, which my CFO has mentioned to you 205 crores, 
we already did. We have an order book of 270 crores as of 30th September. Okay, and 
basically, you see the kind of pipeline is there, actually, which is being added. So, basically, 
whatever growth trajectory we are seeing, we will definitely achieve it. Definitely, the 
new product lines and all the things which we are trying to do definitely add to our year. 
But we want to be a bit conservative in basically mentioning that kind of things. We really 
want to basically give a very, very, we want to give a very reasonable statement to the 
market. So, we don't create over expectations. So, manpower is definitely a challenge. But 
basically, we are addressing it very well. And our basically going public, getting listed is 
also helping us in that journey. 
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (43:21): Great. So, one last 
question, if I may. So, if you see that government is very active in restricting import of 
hardwares, laptops and everything, I understand that we all don't play in the area of pure 
hardware, we are end to end integrator. So, how do we kind of think of addressing this 
opportunity? Because my sense is there is a very big opportunity to play. So, any thoughts 
around that? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (43:55): I'll let Hirdey answer it 
for you. 
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (43:57): Actually, we have 
always been ready to take up the challenge, to take up the requirements which are coming 
up. So, I think we welcome the opportunity with open arms. And since the capability has 
been in our system for very long, and we have been producing results for market is also 
especially the government enterprises or even the private enterprises, both are looking 
at us to serve them with the solutions and even with the, as and when required the 
hardware-based systems also. So, I think we are ready, we are geared up to take up the 
challenge. So, definitely it's an opportunity for us. And by the way, laptop desktop is not 
the space where we are active. So, just to precisely answer your question, the area where 
we can take an advantage of the current situation is where the restriction has been 
imposed on the server side. So, there we are seeing a lot of potential for us to grow, 
because our solutions and systems will go into those areas.  
Debashish Mazumdar, Motilal Oswal Mutual Fund (44:56): Sure, great. Thank you so 
much for answering my question and wish you best of luck. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (45:02): Thanks, thanks Debashish. We have a follow 
up question from Jyothi Singh, unmute yourself and word.  

Ms. Jyoti Singh (45:10): Yeah, thank you for opportunity once again. So, sir, my question 
on the margin side. So, just wanted to clarification that we have guided now 14 to 15% 
which earlier we were targeting 16 to 17%. Just, just to clarify.  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (45:37): 
Operating margins have gone down because of the ESOP cost, which you will, EBITDA 
margins, if you will see, has gone down because of the ESOP cost. And on the gross margin 
part, we will go around 27% as we committed during the IPO also. And you will see the 
year end margins, gross margins will go around 27% around. 
Ms. Jyoti Singh (46:01): Okay, thank you, sir. And sir, another only PLI scheme side that 
2.0 that we already applied for it. So, are you seeing any progress on that? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (46:13): Yeah, PLI 2.0 basically 
is an active contribution to the government. And as you might be aware that we have been 
offered a red carpet into that scheme. Okay, and basically, I think is one of the 
beneficiaries which will get the maximum benefit because our base year doesn't change 
there. The base year targets will remain as 2019 actually for us. So, that's a very positive 
factor for us. And basically, I think any day government will be announcing the list of the 
awardees of the PLI.  
Ms. Jyoti Singh (46:45): Okay, thank you so much, sir. 
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (46:48): And just to add on that, incentives in PLI 2.0 is much 
significantly higher than PLI 1.0. And that's the reason we have migrated to 2.0. 
Ms. Jyoti Singh (47:02): Great, great, sir. Thank you, sir. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (47:05): Thanks, thanks. Just to follow up to actually 
have a PLI 2.0, I think we have to claim PLI 2.0 next year, right? We can't claim this year. 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (47:17): Yeah, for this year, 
whatever we do, we will be filing our claims next year.  
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India : So, the claim will be for the year 2024, but the filing will happen in 
2025. So, far, we have been accounting on the basis of the filing and not on the basis of 
the accrual year. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (47:35): Okay, okay. So, in that scenario, sir, there 
won't be any credit in the P&L account related to PLI in year of FY24, right? Because we 
are migrating to 2.0. 
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (47:45): You are right. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (47:48): Okay, okay. We have next question from 
Ashish Rawat. Please unmute yourself and go ahead. 

Mr. Ashish Rawat (47:55): Sir, my question is about 5G and 6G. Are we looking for any 
revenue opportunity regarding to infrastructure in 5G and 6G because you have recently 
participated in this recent exhibition in the Pragati Maidan, I think. So, this is my question. 
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (48:14): See, Ashish ji, am I 
right? Mr. Ashish Rawat (48:17): Yeah, thank you.  
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (48:18): Yeah, Ashish ji, 
basically, the best part is that the way ORAN has opened up the market for us, that is 
something which is helping us to build revenues for us to have business. So, definitely in 
the ORAN where we are going to contribute to the 5G infrastructure and definitely the 
private 5G infrastructure, both are the opportunity just for us. And since private 5G and 
5G both are catching up, the customers, the organizations in the country are catching up 
to adopt this. I think by next financial year, we can start seeing the business model getting 
built up around that. But we are ready to serve our customers and we are already working 
with certain large organizations to build the RFPs and we are guiding them how to opt 
for private 5G or even to provide 5G cloud for the even to the large telcos. So, all those 
discussions are already going on. But yes, FY25 will be the main target for us, wherein we 
can start cashing the 5G stack for us.  
Mr. Ashish Rawat (49:19): All right, Hirdey ji, thank you so much. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (49:23): Yeah, we have one more question from in 
the message box from Vidur Chhabra. Some of your technology proprietary, if so, have 
you filed any patents or any update on the patents? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (49:36): Yeah, actually, we are 
trying to develop basically some of it. We are already in the process of filing patents. Some 
of the patents we have filed and basically these take time so as to get approval. But 
basically, there are some patents which are already in the process. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (49:55): Okay, thanks. We have another follow up 
from Hardik Rawat. Please go ahead, unmute yourself and ask. 
Mr. Hardik Rawat (50:05): Thanks for the opportunity. I just had a couple of questions. 
Firstly, with regards to IT PLI 2.0, just wanted to understand, are you looking at any 
expedited localization or are you looking at like a single component localized every year? 
Any color or anything like that? Any color on that? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (50:22): Yeah, actually, Hardik, 
we are basically we are only fully compliant on that. Okay. And basically, we have 
basically the ministry has taken a lot of inputs from us since we are the significant player 
in that domain. And basically, accordingly, the policy has been designed also. And first, 
basically, we have the all our inputs have been really been heard about and they are all 
been incorporated. Basically, we are fully compliant so as to achieve the localization. 
Actually, some of the things we have already done it, which people will have to do it 
actually. So, we are already on, we are above the track what exactly has been asked here. 
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (51:00): We are ahead of the track as far as PLI 2.0 is concerned. 

Mr. Hardik Rawat (51:07): Got it. And are you seeing clients like requesting like needing 
you to, maybe share those incentives? Or are you able to keep those incentives for 
yourselves at the moment currently? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (51:18): Up till now, we have not 
been doing any kind of contract manufacturing as on yet. Though we have offers from 
everybody, but we have been adjusting all those offers up till now. We have been clearly 
focusing on our own manufacturing because our basically our motto is not volume 
production. Our motto is basically quality and basically the high-end technology 
development. So, we have tried to maintain that. But it may be possible sometime later, 
basically once everything is done, we may think about basically doing something. But at 
this point of time, we don't have anything on our own as regards.  
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (51:50): In case you wanted to 
know that whether customers are keen to ask for share those incentives. So, was that 
your question?  
Mr. Hardik Rawat (51:59): Yeah, just wanted to understand, like do your customers 
insist on you, maybe sharing because that I understand that you're not in the contract 
manufacturing business or doesn't apply to you that much. But other players or contract 
manufacturing is something that, one question with regards to ARM versus Intel, you 
mentioned that Intel used to have like a 90% market share, which has dropped to 70% 
still significant, but it is dropped. Are you seeing any traction within clients are 
demanding for ARM based servers over Intel? Because ARM chipsets have increased 
performance like multifold in the recent times with the Apple M1, M3 chips coming and 
the latest Snapdragon event. So, just wanted to understand what is the performance 
differential between the best that Intel and ARM have to offer and are you seeing a greater 
demand for ARM based servers as a result? 
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (52:59): Basically, what happens 
in that ARM, basically in the enterprise workload is still catching up. Okay, basically, if 
you see, whatever you mentioned examples, we are primarily on the client side. But 
basically ARM, the major advantage you have with ARM is the low power actually. And 
today what has happened is that if you really understand the technology, the power has 
become the major significant factor. Today, basically the Intel chips are basically a single 
socket is taking more than 300 watts of power. Same thing is there with AMD. So, basically 
if I have dual socket populated more than 600 to 700 watts goes only into the processor, 
whereas in the ARM basically that is significantly low. So, that is there, but the 
architecture is different. Basically Intel and AMD, all these are on X86 architecture, 
whereas this is on the RISC-based architecture. So, definitely this will not come into just 
the run-of-the-shelf kind of a computing architecture. This will be primarily presently 
being used for specified workloads. Okay, like basically, again, generative AI is one area 
where ARM will have a very good say. And basically, since actually you are fully aware 
Nvidia wanted to acquire ARM, but basically was not able to do it because of the different 
conditions. But finally, they developed their own processor called Grace. So, definitely, 
and plus they have again, so they are putting a lot of traction around that. And you see 
most of the world's major generative AI, the new kind of the IT infrastructure which has 

been planned, those are being planned on basically ARM architecture. So, still ARM will 
not, ARM will take time to become basically generic kind of a hardware. But finally, if you 
really see on the highly compute intensive kind of cases that will gain a lot of traction. 
Mr. Hardik Rawat (54:43): Got it. That really helps. Thank you. One last question, a quick 
one. With regards to private cloud, just an indication, an assumption, what do you think 
like what percentage of firstly BFSI companies in India and secondly, big corporate 
houses Ex of BFSI are yet to shift to private cloud because that reflects your TAM in a way.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (55:07): Basically, the TAM for 
private cloud is very big. Actually, if you really see basically now, if you see any large 
enterprise, either they are on private cloud or they have to sit on private cloud because 
that will make more sense because going on public cloud is only possible for the 
organization of a particular size or they may go there, but they will definitely be, they will 
keep on bleeding because basically the cost is too high. And if they have a lot of compute 
requirements, it makes sense to go to the private cloud. So, basically, the TAM is really 
very high, we are only doing a small part of it, but basically we are, we want to be focused. 
We are not into the SMB space. We primarily want to focus on the large, the high-end IT 
company that we have been doing it. As regards BFSI is concerned, basically, because if 
you see the entire public sector BFSI is clearly hell-bent upon to shift to private cloud 
because that is the best way how we can really basically use the resources efficiently and 
provide the best performance to their customers. And basically, so I'm seeing a lot of, I 
think there are four or five RFPs already putting into the market and a few more are 
actually already into the discussion. So, I feel that, as I mentioned earlier, I think I will not 
hesitate to say maybe 70 to 80% of the public sector BFSI banks will get converted into 
private cloud without any problem. 
Mr. Hardik Rawat (56:28): Got it. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thanks. 
Thanks. 
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (56:33): We have another question from Nishant Vas 
from India Infoline. Please go ahead and unmute yourself.  
Nishant Vas, Infoline (56:54): Yeah. Hi, Sanjiv ji. This is Nishant from (inaudible 56:46). 
Just two questions. One, the number of hiring that you guys are doing, can you just give 
us a sense in terms of which segments, which verticals are you doing more on the front-
end sales and marketing side hiring or you're doing more on the R&D and development 
side?  
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (57:07): I'll let Prawal answer that.  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer (57:10): 
So, the hiring is on mixed hiring. So, majority hiring will go into sales marketing and R&D 
team. 
Nishant Vas, Infoline (57:17): Okay. So, I presume that's where the final acceleration is 
coming through. So, that's good to hear. 

Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (57:24): Both the departments 
are important for us and both keep on fighting that with the HR that you are hiring more 
for, we are giving them more attention, we are giving them more attention. So, basically 
that's the issue here.  
Nishant Vas, Infoline (57:36): Yeah, no problem. 
Mr. Hirdey Vikram, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer (57:36): Market is also 
expecting us to reach out to more and more organizations in the industry. So, they expect 
us to have, that's the reason we are also adding up more people so that since the market 
is welcoming our solutions, they are welcoming our products with open arms. So, 
definitely this is the opportunity and the time for us to expand as much as possible. That 
is the intent behind adding up more people on the R&D as well as on the sales and 
marketing side. 
Nishant Vas, Infoline (58:04): Understood. And my second question was on (inaudible 
58:09), you talked about the AI side and the LLM side. I think that was the first time you 
mentioned that portion of the government on their presentation. But is there still that 
hardware challenge to acquire hardware from the large guys globally, at least on the AI 
workloads that you see globally, whether it is A100, H100, you clearly have a shortage of 
supplies. Is that one of also a reason where you think that sourcing and getting those 
hardware in probably is going to take some time. That's why you expect more 
acceleration, say next year. Is that the right reason or?  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (58:44): Not really. Actually, 
definitely. Because basically media chips are in a shortage. But definitely, we get 
preference over that. Overall, we are able to still service our customers. Recently, only we 
have executed some of the large orders for  Artificial intelligence using basically for 
large amount of GPUs. So, we got out of priority basically allocation. But basically the thing 
is that, so we, as regards, I don't think that is the primary reason. Primary reason is 
because in the ARM's side, please understand, it's a completely downfall approach. During 
the entire board is being designed by us. Everything is being done by us. So, that takes 
time. So, I think that the design work and the SMT, everything is being done locally in 
India. So, that is the process where it is taking time. And in case of enterprise workload 
kind of a machine, the entire reliability and everything has to be checked. Then the 
application optimization has to be done. You understand that currently H100s and A100s 
which we are talking about, they have been deployed in x86 machine. Whereas basically 
in the ARM's side, once it goes, it will go into the RISC architecture. So, the application 
stack has also been supported for that. So, all those things are the factors which we need 
to take. So, that's the reason we are projecting that. But I will not deny the fact that 
delivery for Nvidia chips has been a problem. And basically, I think, and that actually 
makes it more exciting for us that the demand is building up actually worldwide.  
Nishant Vas, Infoline (01:00:10): Great to hear. And sir, if it's not we are not restricted 
to give some details in terms of what is the program on the government side, the 
generative AI that you guys are working on, if you can shed some perspective in terms of 
what are the use cases that are being evaluated?  

Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (01:00:26): We are definitely 
working on some large things, but basically, at this point of time, I'm not allowed to share 
that information. 
Nishant Vas, Infoline (01:00:34): Okay, no problem. Thank you and all the best.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (01:00:38): Yeah, we can have a last question due to 
restriction on the time that is coming from the chat box. Given we are coming with new 
segments and Intel partnership, can we expect an increase in the margin to about 20% or 
we are looking at 16% kind of margins? And sir, second question from my side, what is 
the reason for a material decline in our creditors in terms of in terms of why such an 
accelerated payment to creditors in this quarter? 
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer 
(01:01:13): As we are regarding the creditor’s payments, so most of the outstanding have 
been cleared during this quarter. And you will also notice that creditors built up which 
we have promised, so we have come to around that number of days on the outstanding 
part from creditors. So, we have around 60 days credit period from the creditors, so our 
creditors going forward will work around that days only. So, whatever has been built up 
that has been cleared up, so that has led to reduction in the creditors.  
Mr. Sanjay Lodha, Chairman and Managing Director (01:01:54): Because margins 
actually, we would like to still commit that basically we are serving the large enterprise 
and the matured part of the industry which I have been telling from day one. So, definitely 
we can command more margins, but basically we are looking at a customer with a long-
term perspective, giving more and more the users for the newer solutions, newer kind of 
products and all. So, definitely we don't believe in overcharging our customers at all and 
basically the margins can remain in the tune what exactly what we have projected and 
maybe Parwal can say.  
Mr. Prawal Jain, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Resource Officer 
(01:02:26): Yeah, so gross margins I have already indicated that will go around to 27, 27 
and a half percent or you can say between 27 to 28 percent range and that has been the 
guidance and going forward we are also maintaining the margin at the same rate.  
Sandeep Shah, Equirus Securities (01:02:49): Okay, thanks, thanks. I think due to time 
restriction we need to end this webinar and thank you all the participants, senior 
management of NetWeb and Mr. Sanjeev for attending the webinar. We can now end this 
webinar and leave the same. Thank you all once again.  
Mr. Sanjeev Sancheti, the head of Uirtus Advisors LLP, IR Advisory firm of NetWeb 
Technologies India (01:03:04): Thanks a lot for the time. Really appreciate.  
 
 
 
**************************************************************************************** 
