 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Dear Sirs, 
  
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of the Investors’ Conference Call for the 
quarter & half-yearly ended September 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose the transcript of 
Investors’ Conference Call for unaudited financial results for the quarter & half-yearly ended 
September 30, 2023, held on Wednesday, November 01, 2023. 
 
The link to access the transcript of the earnings conference call is given below: 
 
https://www.jubilantingrevia.com/Uploads/image/951imguf_Q2-H1FY24ConcallTranscriptFinal.pdf 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
 
 
 
Deepanjali Gulati 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
BSE Limited 
Floor 25, P. J. Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 543271 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Trading Symbol: JUBLINGREA 
DEEPANJALI 
GULATI
Digitally signed by 
DEEPANJALI GULATI 
Date: 2023.11.06 19:11:51 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 26 
 
 
Jubilant Ingrevia Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 01, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Jubilant Ingrevia Limited's Q2 & 
H1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and anyone who wishes to ask question may enter star and 
one on their touch-tone phone. To remove yourself from the question queue you 
may enter star and two. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja, Head of Investor Relations. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
Thank you, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for being with us on our 
Quarter 2 & Half Year of financial year 2024 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant 
Ingrevia Limited.  
I would like to remind you that some of the statements made on the call today 
could be forward-looking in nature, and a detailed disclaimer in this regard has 
been included in the press release and results presentation that has been shared 
on our website. 
 
On the call today, we have Mr. Shyam Bhartia, Chairman; Mr. Hari Bhartia, Co-
Chairman; Mr. Deepak Jain, CEO and Managing Director; Mr. Prakash Chandra 

 
Page 2 of 26 
 
Bisht, CFO, Jubilant Ingrevia Limited; and Mr. Arvind Chokhany, Group CFO, 
Jubilant Bhartia Group. 
 
I now invite Mr. Shyam Bhartia to share his comments. Over to you, sir. 
Shyam Bhartia: 
Thank you, Pavleen. A very good evening to everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
Q2 & Half Year of financial 2024 Earnings Conference Call of Jubilant Ingrevia 
Limited. We are pleased to announce a stable business performance in Q2 and H1 
FY '24 amidst the challenging market conditions. 
 
Let me first take you through an overall macro trends. Globally, we see following 
trends in the Life Science business.  
In agrochemical sector, we have witnessed reduced volumes of the actives in the 
global market due to continued destocking of inventory. Globally, prices are 
depressed due to increased supply from China at a very low prices since the lifting 
of COVID restrictions. This has put pressure on our Agrochemical Intermediate 
business on both volume and prices. 
 
In pharmaceutical end-use segment, demand remained stable, and we are 
witnessing a good growth in our segments aligned to this sector. In segments like 
food, cosmetic and FMCG, demand for our products remain strong. In these 
segments, we are present through our vitamins and other ingredients. 
 
As we move ahead, our outlook and priorities are as follows:  
Going forward, we strongly believe that the agrochemical segment should 
improve in H1 next year, with some green shoots in Q4 FY '24. We remain 
confident of serving agrochemical sector with international agrochemical 
companies trying to diversify their supply chain with China Plus One strategy. We 
are seeing many new inquiries and currently under discussions with a few of the 
agrochemical companies for meeting their long-term requirements. 
 
We will continue to invest in this sector in view of the advanced discussions with 
some of our customers. Indian market fundamentals remain strong, with growth 

 
Page 3 of 26 
 
driven by domestic consumption across sectors, except for agrochemical sector, 
which is undergoing tough challenges in line with global trends. We continue to 
focus on pharmaceutical sector with both existing and new clients in order to 
increase our presence. 
 
We will increase our presence for supplier of ingredients in food and cosmetic 
sectors through investments already underway. On input cost front, we have 
witnessed softening of coal prices during the quarter, leading to improvement in 
energy cost. We remain committed to deliver structured growth in future in line 
with our defined capex plan.  
We are pleased to welcome Deepak Jain as CEO and Managing Director of the 
company, who assumed office on 1st October 2023. 
 
I now hand over to Deepak to discuss about the business in detail and wishing all 
of you a very happy festive season and Diwali. Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Thank you, Mr. Bhartia. A very good evening to all of you. At the outset, I would 
like to thank you all for joining us today for the Q2 & Half Year FY '24 Investor Call 
of Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
 
Let me now take you through the overall business and financial performance, 
along with key highlights of the company for the second quarter of FY 2024. 
 
I'm happy to report that share of Specialty Chemicals and Nutrition & Health 
Solutions business in the overall mix of our revenue continued to increase at 53% 
in Q2 FY '24 vis-à-vis 43% in Q2 of FY '23. The demand traction for Specialty 
Chemicals business from CDMO and Pharmaceuticals end-use customers has been 
healthy. However, demand from agrochemical customers is facing headwinds due 
to continued excess channel inventory in the system. 
 
The Nutrition & Health Solutions business segment performance was stable as we 
saw stable volumes and improved realization in both Nutrition & Health 
Ingredients business, and Animal Nutrition & Health Solutions business. In the 
Chemical Intermediates business segment, revenue during the quarter was lower 

 
Page 4 of 26 
 
due to lower price realization of acetic anhydride as well as ethyl acetate on the 
back of lower acetic acid prices. 
 
On the customer front, we are getting good traction with several customers 
across acetyl and Specialty Chemicals business for long-term contracts. In the 
CDMO business, we have a healthy pipeline across pharma, fine chemicals, and 
semiconductor chemicals for long-term contracts. 
 
Our major capex projects are on track. The new acetic anhydride plant in Bharuch 
has been stabilized and the agro active/intermediate plant is on track for Q4 FY 
'24 commissioning. 
 
On the energy cost front, our plans to reduce overall energy supported by lower 
coal prices have started bearing fruits, both at generation as well at consumption 
funds. On the back of all of above, despite the challenging markets in the last 
quarter, our overall EBITDA and margins have improved sequentially. 
 
As we move into Q3, we are also initiating Project Lean, which will help us in 
making the organization leaner and more agile by taking out any inefficiencies in 
our overhead. 
 
Let me now take you through the updates on all our three business segments 
individually. I'll start with the Specialty Chemicals business: 
During the quarter, the Specialty Chemicals business segment witnessed 
sequential EBITDA growth, owing to better product mix, higher sales contribution 
coming from pharma, consumer and industrial end-use segments, including our 
CDMO customers. 
 
Our CDMO business witnessed positive traction during the quarter. We added 
multiple new projects, which are currently in their early-phase pipeline. We are 
also getting inquiries from large global customers across pharma, agrochemicals 
and semiconductor space for strategic partnerships. We also launched two new 
forward-integrated derivative products. Pipeline of another seven to eight 
products are under advanced stage of development and commercialization. 

 
Page 5 of 26 
 
 
We are also observing good momentum in our Diketene range of derivatives, 
wherein we also operated our Diketene plant at optimum capacity utilization 
during the quarter. Our expansion of Diketene derivatives is also in progress, 
wherein we are expecting the commissioning of the new Diketene derivatives 
plant towards the end of FY 2024. 
 
Our agro active/intermediate plant is also expected to roll out as per schedule, 
and we expect it to be commissioned in Q4 of FY '24. Under our Microbial control 
solutions business, we are witnessing healthy traction in Pyrithiones business, 
coming especially from paints and coatings end-usage. Therefore, we have carved 
out Microbial control solutions as a separate business unit for focused growth. We 
are also expanding production capacity of Pyrithiones, wherein we augmented the 
ZPTO active manufacturing capabilities in our Ambernath production facility. 
 
Finally, given the closure of plants from one of our competitors in pyridine and 
picoline, we have now become the only non-Chinese and world's largest producer 
of Pyridine and Beta globally. We have already started to receive a few inquiries 
from new customers due to this development. 
 
I will now move on to Nutrition & Health Solutions business:  
During the quarter, revenue and EBITDA within the segment grew on a year-on-
year basis, primarily led by stable demand and improved pricing in major 
products. We observed the vitamin demand getting normalized after witnessing a 
pent-up demand in Q1 and also witnessed stable demand and improved pricing 
for niacinamide. 
 
Our Animal Nutrition & Health Solutions vertical gain growth in volume and 
continues to focus on specialty products for future growth. Major traction was 
witnessed in premixes, especially in mineral premixes, emulsifiers and chromium 
and herbal formulations. We are continuing our focus on improving volumes and 
market share from customers in niche segments of cosmetics and food-grade end 
use. 

 
Page 6 of 26 
 
Our capex for GMP-compliant facility for expansion of food-grade Vitamin B4 is in 
its final stages of planning. We are also planning to enhance capacity for Choline 
and Specialty Premix products to cater to the improved demand. 
Finally, let me just take you through the Chemical Intermediates business segment 
as well: 
During the quarter, revenue within the segment on year-on-year basis was lower, 
mainly due to lower acetic acid prices. The acetic acid price remained range-
bound, hovering between $400 and $500 per metric ton. 
During the quarter, business observed muted demand from agrochemicals and 
paracetamol end-usage customers, wherein industry is observed to be 
maintaining lower levels of inventory. This led to continuing pressure on 
realizations. Despite the challenging situation, the business continues to maintain 
its market leadership for Acetic Anhydride in domestic as well as international 
market. 
Our newly commissioned global scale Acetic Anhydride plant at Bharuch was 
stabilized during the quarter. We are also evaluating volume-based contracts with 
global customers, which will help scaling up volumes in the future.  
We are also happy to share that our new product, Bio Acetic Acid, is gaining its 
acceptance as a sustainable food preservative by major brands in India and is 
under approval with global customers, too. We have also received FSSAI and FSSC 
22000 certifications for the same. 
Let me move to the overall financials of the company. The overall revenue during 
the quarter stood at INR1,020 crore as against INR1,304 crore in Q2 of FY '23. The 
decline was due to lower revenue coming from Chemical Intermediates business 
largely. The EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR126 crore as against INR160 crore 
in Q2 FY '23. EBITDA margin was stable on a year-on-year basis. However, it 
improved sequentially. 

 
Page 7 of 26 
 
The capital expenditure incurred during the quarter was INR126 crore and INR306 
crore during the first half of the year. The expected capital expenditure in H2 is 
INR330 crore. Majority of this expenditure will be in Specialty and Nutrition 
segment towards agro actives/intermediate plant, cosmetic-grade Niacinamide, 
value-added derivatives of Diketene and towards new boiler and power plant at 
Bharuch. 
The net debt of the company as on 30, September 2023 was INR701 crore, and 
net debt-to-EBITDA ratio was at 1.3x on the basis of trailing 12-month EBITDA. 
Increase in net debt was primarily due to steady capex expenditure and higher 
working capital. The net working capital percentage to turnover for Q2 FY '24 was 
higher at 22.6%, due to decline in payables for earlier purchases while the fresh 
purchases were rationalized. The company continues to remain under old tax 
regime, and the ETR for Q2 stands at 28.1%. 
As we move forward, I would also like to share some updates on a few strategic 
initiatives undertaken by the company in recent times. On the green initiatives 
and sustainability front, we conducted biogenic carbon content study of our 
products through C-14 testing, and two of our products received 100% rating and 
several products are 80% and above. This will increase acceptance of our products 
further as our global customers work towards meeting their ESG obligations. 
We set up a new state-of-the-art R&D lab at Greater Noida with advanced fume 
hoods and analytical machines to provide world-class technological and 
developmental support. On the digital front, we have started a new initiative 
called ‘Project Surge’ towards enabling transformation of business processes 
across manufacturing, supply chain and sales through digital interventions. This 
initiative has started yielding early-stage results through innovative solutions like 
‘Digital Twin of Plants. 
We have also implemented data analytics and visualization 'Project Insight’ in our 
business processes to help more efficient decision making. We are working 
towards improving our efficiencies in the businesses and have targeted to 

 
Page 8 of 26 
 
improve our power mix towards renewable power, grid power, power purchase to 
exchange in addition to captive generation. We also have a target of increasing 
our share of renewable power to 4x by FY '28. 
We have plans for implementing technological upgrades in existing as well as new 
production boilers to utilize biomass along with coal. Through our CSR initiatives, 
we have achieved significant milestones wherein in the field of healthcare, we 
have successfully piloted IVRS system for ensuring compliances for tuberculosis, 
monitoring and reduce the spread of MDR tuberculosis for over 3,000 patients. 
We also supported one lakh-plus patients for healthcare needs through our digital 
platform called ‘JubiCare’. 
On the education front, we created digital classrooms in more than 1,056 schools 
and have also created 70 micro science labs. On the livelihood front, we are 
supporting 20,000-plus farmers to improve their milk yields, create food orchards 
and good agricultural practices. 
Finally, let me spend a few minutes to share my early thoughts on the future 
vision of the company. Despite the short-term market challenges, we continue to 
stay bullish on the long-term growth prospects in our core segments on the back 
of China Plus One macro trend. Given our strategic investments in recent years, 
we believe we are well poised to ride this growth wave in coming years. 
Our vision is to transform into a global leader, providing innovative and 
sustainable solutions in our priority sectors such as Agrochemicals, Specialty 
Chemicals, Pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, human and animal nutrition.  
As we embark on this journey, I see six pillars of our growth road map, namely 
customer centricity, safety, innovation and technology, world-class operations, 
ESG and people focus. 
In the coming months, we will detail out our strategy further across our key 
businesses based on the above six pillars and start rolling it out. 

 
Page 9 of 26 
 
With this, I would like to conclude our opening remarks. We'll now be happy to 
address any questions that you may have. But before I close, I would like to wish 
you all a very happy Diwali and rest of the festive season. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP Asset 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Resham Jain: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. First of all, congratulations, Mr. Deepak, and all the best for 
your journey at Jubilant Ingrevia. So, I have a few questions. First one is with 
respect to the capex and the related revenue and throughput, which is supposed 
to come. So, if you can just highlight in the last one year, what all capexes have 
been completed? And what are the progresses on each of those capexes? And 
over the next one year, which are the capexes which are going to get 
commissioned? And what are the expectation in terms of ramp-up of each one of 
them? That is my question number one. 
Deepak Jain: 
Sure, Resham. Thank you for your wishes and good question on capex. If you 
recall, a couple of years back, we announced capex investment of about INR2,000 
crore, spread over these three fiscal years, previous years, this year and next year. 
And the rough distribution was roughly 1/3, 1/3, 1/3. So, I'm happy to announce 
that we did spend 1/3 of that capex last year, and most of those capacities are in 
revenue-generation mode right now. And with coming quarters, we should be 
able to achieve a very high level of utilization on this capacity. 
The second half, about INR550 crore to INR600 crore plus is planned for this fiscal 
year, of which half of that we have already invested in the first half of the year, 
and the plan for investing another half is on track for the second half of the year. 
In second half, most of the investments will be going into Specialty, not just in 
second half, but actually even next year, most of the investments will be going 
into Specialty and Nutrition businesses. 
In second half of this year, the main investments are going to be in Diketene 
derivatives, our agro intermediate plant, as I said in my opening speech, which will 
be ready to be commissioned by Q4, and a few other derivatives that we are 

 
Page 10 of 26 
 
doing. We are also investing in a boiler to improve our overall power cost, which 
will also come up by Q4 of this year. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. So, in terms of, let's say, the unrealized revenue from capex, which has 
already been commissioned, based on the current, let's say, realization, if you can 
help that what kind of further revenue can come from projects which have 
already been commissioned? And whatever capex we have, we are planning, let's 
say, Board has approved, what incremental revenue can come from that? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I will answer that, Resham, by giving a couple of examples, of course, without 
getting into the specifics, which I should not. But the plants which got 
commissioned last year are already operating anywhere between 50% to 75% of 
capacity utilization. And we are very hopeful, obviously with a little bit of 
slowdown in the market, if we take a few additional months for the capacity to fill 
up. But we are very hopeful that by, let's say, Q1 of next year, most of those 
plants will be operating at a higher level of utilization. 
The capacity, which is coming up this year, obviously, it is early stages, will take 
the normal ramp-up time, which any plant of these scales will take, let's say, six 
months to 12 months to get traction and then move to a higher level of 
utilizations. 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. I was asking more from asset turn perspective, INR600 crore capex would 
be what kind of revenue, is what I was just trying to understand? 
Prakash Bisht: 
So, if you see our overall revenue, because the acetic acid prices came down 
significantly. And because of that, the chemical intermediate revenue is 
significantly lower. But if you would see, we are on the run rate to maintain the 
last year's level. So, we are able to do that because our all the new plants have 
started producing and adding to the revenue. So whatever revenue came down 
because of the lower acetic acid price, that has been led by the revenue 
generated from the new plants. This is how the revenue is balancing. 

 
Page 11 of 26 
 
Resham Jain: 
Okay. One last question, and then I'll come back in the queue. This is with respect 
to overall margins. We have seen a sequential improvement in margins since Q4 
now. So, should one expect to see the sequential improvement even in the 
coming quarters? Because our earlier margin profile used to be like 15%, 16%. 
How should one think about margins, let's say, going forward? Because Q2 seems 
to be the worst quarter from a demand perspective, for a lot of agrochemicals and 
all. So just your thoughts around it? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Resham, as you would have observed, the margin improvement, a lot of it is 
driven by increase in our Specialty Chemical business contribution into the 
business, which has reached 55% at EBITDA level in this quarter. We are hopeful 
that the Specialty Chemicals business will continue to increase. And given the 
product line we have, which are mostly on high-value product category side, we 
are hopeful that the margin profile for that segment will continue to increase and 
will contribute positively to the overall EBITDA margin. 
However, on the Chemical Intermediates business side, as I explained, there is 
some volatility. So, the overall EBITDA profile will be dependent on that as well. 
But at least from Specialty Chemical contribution perspective, we expect the 
EBITDA margin to continue to increase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Hi, team. Good evening. Deepak, welcome on board and best wishes for the 
future. So, my first question is on the Pyrithiones business. If you could just 
elaborate, just give some more color on that and the investments that are being 
envisaged there and the business potential? 
Deepak Jain: 
Okay. Thank you for the welcome, Nitesh. So Pyrithiones is to the buyer side, 
which comes out from a product where we are backward integrated. So, we have 
an inherent advantage in that product. And we believe, we are the lowest-cost 
producer of that product today in the world with all the optimization work that 
our teams have done. 

 
Page 12 of 26 
 
We are getting very good traction in that product, both from companies which 
were earlier producing that product themselves but now want to outsource it to 
us, as well as some of the end customers of that product, particularly in the 
industrial and marine segment. And we have a facility in one of our plants in 
Ambernath, where we have expanded the capacity already. We are hoping as we 
fill up that capacity with the momentum and traction we are already getting, we 
may need to expand capacity further in coming years. But at an overall level, the 
traction is very good. And it's a reasonably strong and stable demand in the 
industrial and marine segment for Pyrithiones. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
That's helpful. My next question is on the power and fuel cost, which has come 
down, I think, because of the coal cost reduction around 13.1% of our revenues, 
our normal range used to be 8% to 9% of revenues earlier. So, while I understand 
that this might be a function of the product mix or the prices as well, but what I'm 
trying to understand is that if the power and fuel cost per unit on our pyridine 
business would have come back to normal or not yet? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, you're right, the power cost has come down to 13.1% with all the efforts 
we have taken, and coal costs have obviously contributed to it. But if you compare 
the coal cost, it has not come down to the level, historical levels yet. So that's one 
of the reasons which is still keeping it relatively higher versus the range you talked 
about, which we have seen in the past. 
Secondly, obviously, our product mix is also changing. And as a result, in some of 
the products, we may not use the same benchmark which we have used in the 
past, Nitesh. But at an overall level, as we mentioned on this call as well as in our 
investor presentation, we are working on several initiatives to optimize our power 
costs further, including having renewables in next couple of years. We are hopeful 
to bring the overall cost as a percentage of revenue further down in coming 
quarters and years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Page 13 of 26 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. So first of all, welcome to Mr. 
Deepak Jain, and many wishes and hope under your leadership the company will 
do very well, going forward, in reaching heights in terms of both profitability as 
well as stock prices. That's what is our expectation. 
So, coming to question, so first, if you can give some reason for sharp increase in 
employee costs for the current quarter from the previous quarter? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Rohan, Thank you for the welcome. Obviously, that jumps out very clearly in 
the P&L the employed cost. There are two main reasons. One is as you know and 
as Resham also asked, we have been investing in the business and building up 
capacity for new products and projects. And we have been hiring in anticipation of 
demand on those projects and for those products. 
So we have obviously built up an organization which is supposed to serve a certain 
level of revenue, which due to softness in demand in the market in the last two 
quarters has impacted our revenue, and revenues are below the projections we 
had in mind and as a result, on and percentage basis, the cost seems to be 
jumping up. 
And one of the major difference there is the Chemical Intermediate business 
where revenues have come down in line with Acetic Acid prices, which obviously 
while the volumes have increased versus last year on Acetic Anhydride, that jump 
is purely price driven. So, these two factors from a denominator perspective, but 
also generally, in May, June, we do the appraisals for our employees, and that's 
when we have given increments as well. So, there is a onetime hit which has come 
because of that as well. So those are the two factors. 
Having said that, given where the market is today, as I mentioned in my opening 
speech, we have launched a project called Project Lean which is focused on 
looking at every part of our overheads closely in coming weeks. And wherever we 
feel we can optimize our overheads or stagger it further; we'll do it and hopefully 
bring this cost in line with historical benchmark over the next couple of quarters. 

 
Page 14 of 26 
 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, there is some element of one-off in the current quarter, which you mentioned. 
And can you further quantify a little bit, if possible? 
Prakash Bisht: 
So, Rohan, what Deepak was explaining was that increments are effective from Q2 
in our case. So, the impact of increment was there. And most of our new plants 
started operating towards the Q1, so the cost of those plants also started adding 
to the personnel cost. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, this is a normalization basically.  
Prakash Bisht: 
Correct. It is also just time is constrained. Yes. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Yes. Sir, second question, as you have mentioned, there definitely global AgCem 
industry is witnessing some weakness and you are expecting some green shoot 
maybe in Q4 and recovery in H1 next year. However, we are in a very critical time 
right now when many of our agrochemical intermediate plants were supposed to 
commission by Q4. I mean over the next two to three quarters, we are supposed 
to commission. 
How our that business, I mean, agro actives or you can say active ingredient 
business is going to be impacted in terms of the commissioning of new plant? Any 
delays, any pushback from the customers on those intermediates? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, Rohan, so one, at least from a plant capacity perspective, everything is on 
track, as I said earlier. So, our plant will come up in Q4. Secondly, even as per the 
original plan, there was a certain ramp-up we had assumed of that product. We 
have three or four products, which are going into production immediately, and we 
will start supplying to the customers in relatively smaller quantity. That was the 
original plan. 
So, we have not seen any impact on those quantities as of yet. Having said that, 
there is a certain time which any new plant takes to fill up the capacity, and we 
are hoping that with time we will fill it up. And obviously, if markets go further 
south from here, there could be some implications, but we have not budgeted 

 
Page 15 of 26 
 
that as of yet because we are expecting a recovery by Q4 of this year and H1 of 
next year. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Okay. Sir, third question is on Diketene derivative. Though the current plant you 
mentioned, that is almost at optimum level utilization, I think that margin and the 
money we were supposed to make from the value addition or moving upward or 
moving forward on Diketene derivative, which you mentioned is on track and 
commissioning by end of FY'24. 
So if you can give some sense that how the Diketene business revenue would look 
like in next year, I mean, FY'25, and more so in terms of margin from the Diketene 
business itself because in earlier con call, we understood that the money will be 
made significantly or the margin profile will only improve and be moved upward 
in the value chain? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. So, as I said earlier, the Diketene business is on track. We are getting very 
good traction on the derivatives. We already have two products coming out of it, 
which are going to the customers, three, actually three products, and we have 
two more which will get commissioned in the new plant in coming months. In fact, 
the business has grown significantly over the last one year, almost more than 
doubling up, and we expect to get continued traction in that business, going 
forward, as well. 
Rohan Gupta: 
So, any sense you can give that the revenue contribution from Diketene next year 
and likely margin profile? 
Prakash Bisht: 
So, Rohan, it's margin accretive only. And during the next year because our 
current plant will be operating full capacity. The new derivatives which are going 
to come, that will come only during the next year. So, the impact, if you are 
looking at in terms of overall significant specialty, it would not be high. But this 
business, as we have explained many times in the past, it was building. So, over 
the next one or two years, you will start seeing the impact, not in one of two 
quarters. 

 
Page 16 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. 
Please go ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, my first question is on the Pyridine side. Just wanted to understand that with 
Vertellus shutting down with 35,000 tonne capacity, what kind of impact can you 
see on the industry, one? Secondly, any sense on was that capacity running at is 
still utilization? Or what was the capacity utilization? And can we see some pricing 
benefits because of that capacity going out from the market? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. Siddharth, good question. So, one, as I said in my opening remarks, with 
Vertellus shutting down its plant in the U.S., we have become the world's biggest 
producer of Pyridine and Beta Picoline and the only non-Chinese suppliers. And on 
the back of most companies wanting to add non-Chinese suppliers to their 
portfolio, we are getting good traction from customers in the last few weeks since 
Vertellus announced closure of its unit. We have already gotten a few leads for 
our Pyridine Portfolio, including the other derivatives. 
Now in terms of the capacity utilization, I don't think we have a full sense. But if it 
were running at full capacity, they didn't need to close it down that you can 
expect. So obviously, they were struggling. And whatever volumes they were 
doing across their product lines, be it pyridine, beta, alpha, gamma, we have 
mapped out that capacity. As I said, a lot of customers have already reached out 
to us, and we have also started to reach out to customers proactively. 
Having said that, as we discussed, the agrochem sector is going through softness. 
So, it's not that people are reaching out and placing orders immediately. They are 
inquiring, we are getting a sense of their volume requirement in next few 
quarters. And wherever customers are willing to sign up, we are booking orders as 
well. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
So basically, structurally, we can see like over the next 12 to 18 months that we 
can grab a meaningful market share from the guys who Vertellus were supplying 
to, is that a fair assumption? 

 
Page 17 of 26 
 
Deepak Jain: 
We are hoping to do that. But part of it is also dependent on the recovery of the 
market and with the dumping happening from China right now, so we'll have to 
take those considerations into account. But in steady state, yes, we are expecting 
to get major proportion of that capacity or requirement that was served by 
Vertellus from its US plant. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, secondly, on the Pyrithiones capacity, we would be mainly catering to the 
FMCG sector, if I'm not wrong. In terms of our approvals, are we have all the 
approvals with all the vendors in place? Or there would still be some approvals 
that would be pending after the capacity increases? 
Deepak Jain: 
Siddharth, let me correct you there, the Pyrithiones capacity we are building is not 
only for FMCG sector. Obviously, there is a requirement in FMCG sector, and we 
have been serving it, at least in India. But the segment we want to go after with 
Pyrithiones is the industrial, paints and marine segment. It's especially in the 
international markets, where there are no regulatory requirements or GMP facility 
requirements. So that's the segment where we're getting a lot of traction from. 
As I explained in the beginning, in answer to another question, there are 
companies which were producing or serving industrial segment, and they want us 
to contract manufacture product for them. And at the same time, we also are 
reaching out to customers directly, end-users directly, where we are getting good 
traction. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Okay. Sir, got it. Sir. And thirdly, in terms of our CDMO, you have mentioned that 
we are looking at multiple longer-term contracts in the CDMO business. Any color 
that over the next 2.5 years, three years, where can we see our overall CDMO 
revenue lag, like in a ballpark in terms of volumes or in terms of revenue? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, I won't be able to share specifics, Siddharth. But what I can tell you, our CDMO 
business doubled up in last 12 months. And we hope to maintain similar kind of 
growth rates over the next three to five years. There are multiple discussions 
which are happening across pharma, biotech, agrochemicals and even 
semiconductor spaces. Many of them are in advanced stage. Of course, some of 

 
Page 18 of 26 
 
them are early stage and take time to build up in terms of volume. But our CDMO 
business, hopefully, will be one of the biggest growth drivers, going forward, in 
next three years to five years, not just growth but also profit drivers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Can you help us with volume growth across all the three segments for this quarter 
and half year? 
Deepak Jain: 
Harsh, you're asking about volume growth by businesses, is it? Your voice was not 
clear. 
Harsh Shah: 
Volume growth across all the three segments. 
Prakash Bisht: 
So Harsh, we believe that you are asking about the volume growth of three 
segments. To give you a sense, so niacinamide, which is our Nutrition, we have 
improved the volumes. Whereas in Specialty, we have improved the product mix, 
whereas the overall volumes have remained flat, but we have improved the 
product mix, which has led to the improvement in margin. And in Chemical 
Intermediates, our volumes have come down slightly because we have 
rationalized the sale of ethyl acetate. 
Harsh Shah: 
Okay. And sir, just wanted to understand on the capacity utilization front. So, 
including the old capacity plus the facilities that we would have set up in the last 
1.5 years, what would be the blended capacity utilization for us? 
Deepak Jain: 
Harsh, your voice is very bad. It's hard to understand your question. 
Harsh Shah: 
Yes. So, my question is, can you give us the data on capacity utilization across all 
our plants? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. Harsh, we won't be able to share the utilization levels across plants. But as I 
said in the beginning, our existing plants anyway are running at high capacity, the 
new ones we stated last year have already reached 50% to 75%. 

 
Page 19 of 26 
 
Harsh Shah: 
Well, the purpose I asked this question is since FY '22, when we entered to this 
capacity expansion plans, we have spent around INR1,200 crore, but since then, 
our revenue has remained almost steady in fact, has come up by INR600 crore. I 
partially understand that lower realization of acetyls is due to it. But back then, 
our target was to double the revenue from FY '22 base, but we have already 
incurred INR1,200 crore of capex and only around INR900 crore left from here on. 
Just wanted to understand, do we still stick with that 2x revenue guidance? 
Deepak Jain: 
So Harsh, as I explained earlier, first of all, we haven't done INR1,200 crore yet. 
We spent INR600 crore last year. The full potential revenue that will come out of 
that capacity is INR1,000 crore-plus, adjusted for some of the decline in acetic 
anhydride price. And we are on track to reach there over the coming quarters as 
markets bounce back. 
We are creating another INR600 crore worth of capacity this year, which again, as 
I explained earlier, in another 12 months, after creating that capacity, we should 
reach full potential now. The revenue will, of course, follow and got slightly 
delayed, given softness across, particularly, agrochemical sector and our Chemical 
Intermediates portfolio. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Asset 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Sir, for the anhydride business, you mentioned that you're looking for long-term 
contracts or probably contract in each of businesses there. So, is this a new trend 
or I mean, this such kind of contracts were already part of this business? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, I think, yes, relatively and it's not that we have not been focusing on 
contractual arrangements there. Obviously, the contracts in acetyl business are 
very different from the kind of contracts we are doing in CDMO business, where 
we have pricing formula and there is still volatility in the market. But we have at 
least three to four big customers in Europe, with whom we have contractual 
arrangements now. And in India also, some of the paracetamol customers, we 
have long-term contracts with them, based on some pricing formula. At an overall 

 
Page 20 of 26 
 
level, I think 60% to 65% of our business is based on these long-term contracts in 
acetic anhydride. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. So, this was always the case? I mean 60%, 65% was always contracted for 
this kind of business? 
Deepak Jain: 
It has increased over the years, particularly as we started expanding into export in 
European markets, where customers are willing to have at least annual 
contractual arrangements, if not two years or three years' long contracts 
agreements. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Okay. Sure. And the second question was on the Nutrition business. So, it seems 
the revenues have recovered reasonably, but the EBITDA, on an absolute basis, 
still seems a bit low. So just trying to understand, is there's some pressure, some 
pricing pressure? So just some thoughts here, please? 
Deepak Jain: 
Nutrition, as I think you guys will remember, last year was a bad year from a 
volume perspective. The markets have come back since then. Q1 was a lot of 
pent-up demand. Q2 has started to stabilize. But at the same time, there is 
pressure from China on pricing. One or two players in China have been aggressive 
in the market, especially in the last quarter and then even in current quarter, so 
because of which the margin obviously comes under pressure. But as market 
come out of it in coming one or two quarters, we hope the margins will stabilize. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum 
Broking. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, first question is in terms of revenues, how much percentage of our revenues 
actually is derived from the agrochemical sector? And if you could bifurcate that in 
terms of how much from the Specialty products and maybe basic intermediates or 
solvents? Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes, just agrochemical, in our overall portfolio, is about 1/4. And sorry, what was 
the second part of your question? 

 
Page 21 of 26 
 
Rohit Nagraj: 
So out of that 1/4, say, 25%, how much is catered through the Specialty products 
and maybe the basic intermediates or the basic commodity, semi-commodity 
chemicals? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. I think almost 40, yes, you can assume a significant portion of agrochemical 
business is coming from Specialty, and that portion is only growing. Obviously, 
that will include all the derivatives we have coming from Pyridine and Picoline 
portfolio and some of the products which are coming from Diketene side as well. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. And this particular segment is likely to be relatively muted over the last 
couple of quarters. And as I hear from your commentary, the recovery will happen 
in the first half of FY '25, so maybe from April onwards, is that right? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. You're talking about agrochemicals? 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Yes, yes, right, right. 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. And that is true. And to your earlier question, almost 2/3 of our agro portfolio 
is coming from Specialty. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Right. Got it. Sir, second question is in terms of the current softness in demand 
across product lines. Is there any plan to rejig the capex that we had earlier 
envisaged and the one which is not yet put to on the ground? So, any thoughts on 
the same? Thank you. 
Deepak Jain: 
No, I think as I explained earlier, we are on track. As per the original plan, we are 
on track to invest another 1/3 of that INR2,000 crore this year and the rest next 
year. In fact, there are other opportunities which are coming up on the horizon. As 
I explained, Pyrithiones could be one. There are others we are considering. So, 
there is no plan as of now to change any of the capex we already announced. And 
the other ones, which are on the horizon, we are evaluating them. And we'll -- as 
and when we decide on them, we will obviously come back to you and announce. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya 
Birla. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 22 of 26 
 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
A few clarifications. Firstly, on Project Lean. Can you talk specific steps, which we 
are taking here to get the result? And by when we should expect the benefit of 
this initiative on our numbers? 
Deepak Jain: 
So Naushad, we are still defining that, this is a very recent initiative. In the last 
couple of weeks only, we have identified some areas. And given the nature of this 
initiative, obviously, I can't disclose the details. But the idea here is to focus on 
areas which can help us take inefficiencies out as soon as possible. So, we are 
hopeful that whatever actions come out of this, we'll see the impact of that in 
next two quarters itself and subsequently as well. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Okay. Secondly, in terms of your overall revenue, what percentage would be 
coming through distributor channel? And what percentage is directly from the 
client? 
Deepak Jain: 
Yes. I think, as a philosophy, we like to deal with customers directly, by and large. 
In India market, I don't think we're dependent on dealers anywhere. In 
international markets, there are some parts of our portfolio which are through 
dealers or distributors. But at an overall level, the percentage for the full portfolio 
will not be very high. I don't have that number right now. On the spot part of the 
business, might be two dealers. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
Understood. And lastly, on Specialty business. So, if I'm correct here, in last two 
quarters, three quarters, we have commissioned two, three projects Diketene, 
agri, CDMO and one Pharma CDMO. But in terms of the revenue run rate, I 
understand there is a pain here in this, but these two, three projects are sizable, 
and they have not helped anything in terms of the revenue run rate for this 
business. So, are we facing challenges to sell these capacities? Or these new 
capacities are being fine, and we have an issue in the old capacity of Specialty? 
What's exactly the problem area here? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, as I explained earlier, all the new capacities we set up, be it Diketene or 
the GMP facility, CDMO, agro active, of course, is still coming up, is not 
commissioned yet; we are getting good traction, and we're filling up capacity as 

 
Page 23 of 26 
 
we speak. But what has happened is on the Specialty side, we also have our 
traditional Pyridine, Picoline portfolio, which goes into agrochemicals. So, some of 
the positive impact coming from these new product lines got offset by the decline 
in that portfolio. And that you can see in our numbers as well. Sequentially, our 
volume in Specialty has been flat, but the realization and margins have improved 
because the new products are getting more traction, while some of the traditional 
products, which were going into agrochemical sector, have taken a little bit of hit, 
at least till agrochemical comes back. 
Naushad Chaudhary: 
So, our initial guidance of ramping-up of this capacity within two years to three 
years, do we maintain that guidance? Or is there any change in that? 
Deepak Jain: 
By and large, years, of course, there could be one quarter or two quarters delay, 
given what is happening in the market. But by and large, we are still hopeful that 
we will maintain that revenue trajectory for these new assets. And hopefully, the 
older assets, where we are seeing some pressure, like I gave an example, will also 
start to come back by H1 of next year. So that you can start seeing that upside or 
upward blip in the revenue, which you mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
My question is on the industry structure, where one of your products, you 
mentioned that you are the only non-Chinese player there. But if you can just give 
an overview in terms of what is really happening because in a tough industry 
scenario and you being the lowest-cost producer across your products, are you 
seeing more such pressures on your competitors and more industry consolidation 
happening? 
Deepak Jain: 
That's a good question, Gokul. So, there is definitely pressure from China, 
especially in agrochemicals and parts of our Nutrition portfolio. And in some of 
the products, the Chinese companies are literally dumping products into markets 
at variable cost or at a marginal higher price and variable cost. So that pressure 
does exist right now. 

 
Page 24 of 26 
 
And as you would have seen, the other results coming out, it's an industry-wide 
phenomenon right now. So, but we are hoping that this is a short-term and 
unsustainable situation, which is what we are hearing from our customers as well 
as we meet them and speak about the future growth scenarios. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. Secondly, I mean, your broader plan in terms of your capex plan of INR2,000 
crore and moving the business more towards Specialty over the years, if it 
translates the way you are in envisaging, what does this lead to on a return-on-
capital-employed basis on a steady-state basis? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Gokul, whatever projects we planned as well as approved in the past and even 
for future, we internally take a target of 20% ROCE on those projects. So 
obviously, with a little bit of blip coming in the market at given point you cannot 
measure ROCE properly, especially when capacity is still being filled up gradually. 
But in steady state, we expect the new capacity to give at somewhere around 20% 
ROCE. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rohit Sinha from Sunidhi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Rohit Sinha: 
Some of my questions are already answered. But one is, when we are saying that 
Pyridine global capacity shutting down and we are getting inquiries about that, so 
I believe Chinese players would also be looking at this opportunity to cash in. So 
I'm just trying to understand that whether that would put a competition for us? 
And in order to get the market share on those customers, do we have to lose 
some margin on that front? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Rohit, if you are studying this sector, you would probably already know, 
Pyridine is a product where globally, there's already overcapacity, not just now 
but for probably decades. And still, we have been able to fill up all our capacity on 
the back of our lowest-cost structure and customer relationships. So, China had 
the overcapacity, they will continue to have the capacity. But still, even in the 
past, we have been able to utilize our assets fully. 

 
Page 25 of 26 
 
Secondly, as I mentioned earlier on this call, now that Vertellus is closed, we are 
the only scale and world's biggest remaining non-Chinese player in this segment. 
And people want to diversify their supply chain. So, they're not going to go to 
China for 100% of their requirements. And anyway, we have been serving most of 
those customers in the past, and their requirements have only increased on the 
back of this closure. Secondly, there are new customers, which always had the 
requirements but were buying from Vertellus in the past that are now coming to 
us for those inquiries. 
Moderator: 
We seem to have lost the line for Rohit. We move to the next question. The next 
question is from the line of Narendra from RoboCap. Please go ahead. 
Narendra: 
Most of my questions have been answered. Just one question regarding the acetic 
acid environment that you are seeing. So, when do we expect that to normalize? 
Deepak Jain: 
So, Narendra, it depends on what you mean by normalized. The price, two years 
back, some people believe, was abnormal, right? So, the current prices are $400 
to $500. There was a one-time spike last month, but we believe $400 to $500 will 
stay for some more time. So, we don't expect it to change significantly in this 
environment. 
Narendra: 
Yes, I was asking that, that segment is expected to stay under pressure for a little 
while, right? 
Deepak Jain: 
No. So, as I said, we are not seeing pressure on the demand here. It's just a 
commodity cycle, and the price is range-bound in $400 to $500. We are not 
expecting any further pressure or any increase in near future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Pavleen Taneja for closing comments. 
Pavleen Taneja: 
We thank you all for joining on this call today. We hope we have been able to 
answer your queries. For any further clarification, I would request you to get in 
touch with us. Thank you once again for your interest in Jubilant Ingrevia Limited. 
Wish you all a very happy Diwali in advance. Thank you. 

 
Page 26 of 26 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity, readability, etc. 
The Company takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
 
