 
 
 
Abans Holdings Ltd. 
(Formerly known as Abans Holdings Pvt. Ltd.) 
Regd. Office: 36, 37, 38A, Floor-3, Nariman Bhavan, Backbay Reclamation, Nariman Point, Mumbai-400021 
CIN: U74900MH2009PLC231660   Tel: +91 22 61790000    Fax: 022 61790010     
Email ID: compliance@abansholdings.com    Website: www.abansholdings.com 
15th November, 2023 
 
 
To,  
BSE Limited (“BSE”) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (“NSE”) 
The Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
BSE Script Code: 543712 
NSE Symbol: AHL 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Intimation on Transcript of conference call with analysts/ investors held on 10th  
 
  November, 2023. 
  
Pursuant to Regulations 30(2) and 46(2) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we wish to inform that the transcript of the conference call held 
with analysts/investors on Friday, 10th November, 2023 for discussing company’s quarter & half 
yearly ended results as on September 30, 2023, has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://abansholdings.com/Regulation-30.html. 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
For Abans Holdings Limited 
(Formerly known as Abans Holdings Private Limited) 
________________________ 
Abhishek Bansal 
Director 
DIN: 01445730 
 
 
 
 
ABHISHEK 
PRADEEPKU
MAR 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by 
ABHISHEK 
PRADEEPKUMAR 
BANSAL 
Date: 2023.11.15 
17:18:09 +05'30'

ABANS Holding Limited 
Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen! Good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2023 Earnings Conference Call of 
Abans Holding Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should need assistance 
during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal 
from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor relations of Abans Holding Limited. On 
behalf of the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings 
call for the second quarter and first half of financial year 2024.  
Before we begin, let me mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management beliefs as well as assumptions made 
by an information currently available to management. Audiences are cautioned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decision.  
The purpose of today's earnings call is probably to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and financial quarter under review. Let me now introduce 
you to the management participating with us in today's earnings call and hand it over to them 
for opening remarks. We firstly have with us Mr. Abhishek Bansal – Chairman and Managing 
Director, Mr. Nirbhay Vassa – Whole Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Chintan 
Mehta – Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Ketur Shah – Assistant Vice President. Now, I'll hand 
over the call to Mr. Abhishek Bansal for further remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Bansal: 
Thank you so much Anuj. Good afternoon, everyone. I appreciate your presence on our 
inaugural earnings call. Before delving into the Q2 financials and operational performance, I 
would like to provide a concise overview for those new to Abans Holdings Limited. ABANS 
Holdings is a diversified financial services company engaged in institutional brokering, asset 
management, financial lending, treasury operations and remittance services.  

With a global footprint spanning India, United Kingdom, Dubai, Shanghai, Hong Kong and 
Mauritius we are evolved from a commodity trading firm into a multi asset, multinational 
financial services entity. Our financial services businesses are segmented into agency, finance 
and capital operations. Agency business encompasses multi asset global institutional trading, 
private client broking, asset management and investment advisory services.  
Our assets under management have increased from 828 crore in FY21 to Rs. 2,100 crores in the 
first half of financial year 2024. Finance business focuses on lending, catering to individuals and 
SMEs in India.  
Lastly, capital business involves internal treasury operations, physical commodities trading and 
exchange based trading in foreign exchange equities and commodities.  
Now let me invite Mr. Nirbhay Vassa our CFO to present the financial highlights. Over to you, 
Nirbhay. 
Nirbhay Vassa: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to the earnings call. Here are some 
of the financial highlights for Q2 and the first half of financial year 24. In quarter 2, our 
consolidated revenues reached 359 crores, marking a 43% year-on-year growth. EBITDA for the 
quarter was 33 crores or 94% year-on-year increase with EBITDA margins at 9.19%, net profit 
stood at 23 crores reflecting a 21% year-on-year growth. 
 
For the first half of FY24 consolidated revenues were at 611 crores, showing an 89% year-on-
year increase. EBITDA has doubled to 66 crores with EBITDA margins at 10.8% for the half year. 
Net profit for half year was at 44 crores or 33% year-on-year increase and PAT margins at 
approximately 7%.  
Operationally, we've secured board approval to expand as an asset management company 
applying for an AMC license which is pending for regulatory approvals. Abans Finance Private 
Limited, which is our systematically important NBFC a step down subsidiary of AHL awaits 
regulatory approval to set up a lending operation in Gift City.  
Additionally, Abans Holdings has also applied to become an investment manager in Gifts City 
for a category 3 alternative investment Fund, which is also pending regulatory approval. Abans 
Global Limited are UK based subsidiary has operationalized a global in-house center in Gift City 
to facilitate its back office operations.  
Now let's open the floor for question and answer sessions from all of you. Thank you, Anuj, and 
thank you the others for joining the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Krupesh Shah as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 

Krupesh Shah: 
My question is about can you explain what is the reason for the significant growth in the top 
line and higher growth in the EBITDA over here? 
Management: 
The top line is because the physical commodity trading which was during the last year with 
COVID and the physical trading activity has increased during the current year and that's the 
reason for the increase in top line and the EBITDA growth is because of the increase in the 
agency fee and the performance fee during the half year 2024. 
Krupesh Shah: 
So some of the strategies would have resulted into us taking physical deliveries of commodities, 
which would have been reflected into the top line plus the top line growth is visible, but as I 
had mentioned earlier in lot of my – we have mentioned very specifically and clearly in our 
presentations earlier, we should not be looked upon as from the top line growth rather be 
looked upon as the what we do profit before tax or PAT because the top line can be pretty 
erratic because of the nature of the business that we are into. I hope that clarifies your 
question.  
Krupesh Shah: 
One additional question so what's the reason for the decline in the market and the margins on 
a quarter-on-quarter basis? 
Management: 
The performance fee aspect of an asset management business is built into the EBITDA. So, the 
performance fee for quarter 1 in the year was higher and the performance fee for quarter 2 
was lower and hence there is a dip in the EBITDA margins.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sahil Jain as an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Sahil Jain: 
So I'm just new into this area. So just wanted to ask, can you explain your remittance business 
as I'm like a new into this company? 
Management: 
So, the remittance services business that the business we have is in UK. The entity is called as 
Corporate Avenue Services Limited. It's a direct subsidiary of my NBFC which is Aban Finance 
Private Limited and it is incorporated in UK and we are licensed by the FCA to be able to do 
remittance services business. 
Now remittance services is basically we are allowed to do transaction banking like a Paytm 
business, but this like this is like a global Paytm business. We can transfer money on behalf of 
our customer to any third party and thereby also be able to do asset conversion. So, this is a 
very booming industry globally and not many people are licensed by FCA to do this business.  
The business is yet in its very initial stages because we got licensed only last year and we are 
setting up the technology infrastructure and the requisite human capital to scale this business 
to requisite level, but obviously the remittance business is doing it's business with the captive 
customer base that ABANS Holdings has, but we intend and we have the intent to take this 
business to huge heights and scale this business coming forward. 

Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as no further questions from the participants. I would now 
like to hand the conference back to the management for their closing remarks. 
Management: 
Thank you all for participating in this earnings concall. I hope we have been able to answer your 
question satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know more about the 
company, please reach out to our Investor Relationship Managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank 
you one and all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ABANS Holding Limited, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Thank you.  
 
 
 
