      
   
    
    
   
    
  
(oe 
—— 
Gris 
Her 
NES 
JINDAL 
STAINLESS 
  
October 23, 2023 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
1* Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Plot no. C/1, G Block 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (EB), 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai — 400 001 
Mumbai-400051 
Email: corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Email: cmlist@nse.co.in 
Security Code No.: 532508 
Security Code No.: JSL 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings call held on 20" October, 2023 - Disclosure under Regulation 
30 read with Schedule Ill of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 as amended (“SEBI Listing Regulations”) 
Dear Sirs, 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Schedule III of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
the 
transcript of the Earning Call for Q2 & H1FY24. The same is also being uploaded on the website of the 
Company at the following web-link: 
https://www. jindalstainless.com/financials/earnings-presentation 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Jindal Stainless Limited 
Navneet Raghuvanshi 
Head Legal & Company Secretary 
  
Encl. as above 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
CIN: L26922HR1980PLC010901 
Gurugram Office: Stainless Centre, Plot No.- 50, Sector - 32, Gurugram - 122001, Haryana, India 
T: +91 124 449 4100 
E: info@jindalstainless.com Website: www.jindalstainless.com 
Registered Office: O.P. Jindal Marg, Hisar - 125005, Haryana, India 
Corporate Office: Jindal Centre, 12 Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi 
- 110066, India 
T: +91 011 41462000
NAVNEET 
RAGHUVANS
HI
Digitally signed by 
NAVNEET 
RAGHUVANSHI 
Date: 2023.10.23 
17:54:46 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Jindal Stainless Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHYUDAY JINDAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
MR. ANURAG MANTRI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & 
GROUP CFO, JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
MS. SHREYA SHARMA - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
JINDAL STAINLESS LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Jindal Stainless Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Amit Dixit: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome all the participants for 
Jindal Stainless Limited Q2 FY24 Conference Call. 
At the outset, I would like to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host this call. 
From the management, we have with us today, Mr. Abhyuday Jindal - Managing Director; Mr. 
Anurag Mantri - Executive Director and Group CFO and Ms. Shreya Sharma - Head of Investor 
Relations. 
Without much ado, I would like to hand over the call to Ms. Shreya to take this forward. Over 
to you, Shreya. 
Shreya Sharma: 
Thank you, Amit. Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome on the call. We have shared 
our Q2 FY24 Earnings Presentation with the stock exchanges, which is also available on the 
company's website and today's call discussion will be on the same line. 
Please note some of the information on this call may be forward-looking in nature and is covered 
by the disclaimer on Slide #2 of the Earnings Presentation. 
Now, I would like to hand it over to Mr. Abhyuday Jindal, our Managing Director. Over to you, 
sir. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Thank you and good afternoon to everyone and I would like to welcome you all to the Q2 FY24 
Earnings Call 
 I would like to first discuss the key business highlights of the quarter, following which Anurag 
will take you through our operational and financial performance: 
Looking at the operational performance: 
We delivered satisfactory volumes in Q2 FY24 amid muted global demand. On the other hand, 
domestic volume increased owing to robust domestic demand due to the government’s push for 
stainless-steel and strategic sectors. There is also a strong pre-festive demand in the auto segment 
besides other consumer facing segments. 
On the operation front: 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
I would also like to share we have successfully commissioned the incremental capacity of our 
Hot Strip Mill in JUSL. With this, we have reached 3.2 million ton capacity of our Hot Strip 
Mill in Orissa. As active contributor to the Make in India Mission of the government, it is a 
constant endeavor to substitute imports in critical areas. To support this mission, our R&D 
department created an environmentally friendly product technology for rolled flat plates. These 
plates are used in industries like petrochemical, thermal power and oil and gas. 
On the export front: 
We are facing challenging macroeconomic conditions, weakened global demand and pricing 
pressure. This has affected export volumes on quarter-on-quarter basis. However, we have 
maintained sales in certain global geographies, which are continuous innovation and efforts to 
explore new markets and segments. 
On the import side: 
The unchecked inflows of subsidized and substandard foreign imports continue to distort the 
level playing field against Indian manufacturers. Chinese imports have increased by nearly 55% 
year-on-year. We hope the government will take notice of the continuous and rampant imports 
by China, which is hurting the sector, especially the MSMEs as well as the government's vision 
of an Atmanirbhar Bharat. I am happy to share that all our efforts and hard work are being 
recognized and our strengthening stakeholder confidence. CARE has upgraded our credit ratings 
to AA from AA- in view of our consistent improvement in sales volume, our higher than 
envisaged EBITDA per ton, along with steady improvement in debt coverage metrics. 
Our endeavor is to focus on more innovation and paradigm shifts in the stainless-steel ecosystem. 
To further this vision, Jindal Stainless and IIT Bombay have signed an agreement to establish a 
chair professorship at the Institute. This chair will support and enhance research in industrial 
processes and product technologies in the stainless-steel sector. It will drive more innovation 
and research in the field of steel metallurgy and support our goal to create new benchmarks in 
durable and sustainable infrastructure. Moreover, as part of our Stainless Academy initiative 
aimed at skill building and creating awareness about the benefits of stainless-steel, Jindal 
Stainless conducted 25 fabricated training programs in various Indian states during Q2 FY24. 
Recently, the Bureau of Indian Standards has also introduced 3 grades, namely N5, N6, N7 
meant exclusively for stainless-steel used in utensils and kitchenware applications. It is an 
important decision for the welfare of the consumers as critical issues of health and hygiene are 
involved in food contact materials. In line with this, Jindal Stainless is among the first to apply 
for and secure certification for these grades under the enhanced standard. 
On the ESG front – our efforts towards sustainability and responsibility were facilitated at 
several industry forums as we received several prestigious awards for energy efficiency and 
carbon reduction initiatives. As we remain committed to a greener, more sustainable future 
fueled by environmental responsibility, I am happy to share that Jindal Stainless has also become 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
a member of responsible steel, a global nonprofit multi stakeholder standard and certification 
initiative. 
Now with this, I would like to hand over to Anurag to discuss the operational and financial 
performance. Thank you. 
Anurag Mantri: 
Thank you, Abhyuday. Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to the call today. 
As highlighted by Abhyuday, we delivered consistent performance amid challenging global 
scenario. Let me discuss in detail the operational and financial performance during quarter 2 of 
FY24. During Q2 FY24, the volume increased by 26% on a Y-o-Y basis and remained steady 
on Q-o-Q basis. The standalone revenue rose 14% Y-o-Y to Rs. 9,720 crores EBITDA and PAT 
increased by 54% and 74% to Rs. 1,070 crores and Rs. 609 crores respectively on a Y-o-Y basis. 
The H1 standalone revenue increased 19% Y-o-Y to Rs. 19,748 crores EBITDA and PAT 
increased by 44% and 59% to Rs. 2,188 crores and Rs. 1,275 crores respectively on a Y-o-Y 
basis. On the subsidiary front, I would first like to give you an update to our Indonesia subsidiary 
PT JSI. The Board has approved the proposal to explore their option for selling liquidating, 
divesting equity stake in PT JSI. The decision was taken due to unfavorable market conditions 
in Indonesia, which is flooded by Chinese imports. On the other side, Indonesian market is 
dominated by Chinese players and therefore major markets such as US and European Union 
have levied severe trade protection measures on exports of stainless-steel products from 
Indonesia resulting in lack of level playing field for us. Consequently, in this challenging 
environment, PT JSI operations become unviable. This step will help mitigating the potential 
operational losses and have positive impact on console results in future. I am happy to share that 
the board has also approved an interim dividend of 50% of Rs. 1 per equity share for FY24. The 
aggregate payout will be nearly Rs. 82.34 crores. This will be the third dividend in last 6 months 
after the merger of JSHL, leveraging the strength of combined balance sheet. 
On the balance sheet side, as you noticed, there is a considerable improvement in our debt 
position with a 27% reduction in the standalone net debt to Rs. 2,149 crores as compared to Rs. 
2,956 crores outstanding as on June 30, 2023. This is also being reflected in our leverage ratio. 
The net debt to EBITDA improved to 0.5 with net debt to equity maintained at 0.2 level. 
Now on CAPEX side, as guided in the previous quarter, the CAPEX including JUSL during 
FY24 expected to be around Rs. 3,200 to Rs. 3,300 Cr. As of H1 FY24, out of this total CAPEX, 
we have already spent close to Rs. 2,000 crores. If you recall in our last call, we guided Rs. 800 
increases in debt level over March 23 level, which is now expected to increase only by Rs. 200 
crores to meet the FY24 CAPEX of Rs. 3,200 crores. So, earlier we were expecting to close 
FY24 with the debt level of Rs. 5,400 crores including JUSL, now we are improving the closing 
debt guidance for March 24 to around Rs. 4,700 crores. 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
With our focus on digitization, I would also like to share that Jindal Stainless has become the 
first Indian corporate to execute a path breaking live shipment transactions through EBLs 
powered by public block chains involving different platforms of vendors, shippers and banks to 
make it completely paperless across geographies. This was kicked off in G20 trade ministers 
meeting between India and Singapore. 
On the demand outlook, we are confident that domestic stainless-steel demand will continue to 
rise with robust economic activities in infrastructure supported demand. Enhanced project 
activities and ethanol petrochemical, water treatment and nuclear segments will further 
strengthen the stainless-steel ecosystem. 
With this, I would like to end my discussion and would request the moderator to open the floor 
for Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kirtan Mehta from BOB Capital Markets. Please go ahead. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
I wanted to understand in terms of your sales mix which we are currently running at around 2.2-
million-ton level, how much it is supported by the old existing plant and how much the new 
plant is now contributing to the volumes? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So, I mean it is an integrated unit. So, we are on the ramp up phase with the expansion that we 
have just completed in March and we expect in the next 2 years to be completed. So, in terms 
of, I can tell you volume guidance this year, we will at least have 20% volume growth as 
compared to last year. So, because it is a ramp up, I mean it is a mix of both coming out. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
But is it possible to indicate how much volume is supported by the new capacity during the latest 
quarter? 
Anurag Mantri: 
See Kirtan, actually we, as you know, the ramping up as Abhyuday mentioned is happening in 
a right direction. The only thing is that because we also do slab imports and trading, so we don't 
want to have a very specific thing. The overall idea is to improve the sales and margins in that. 
That new capacity is expected to be fully utilized by next year. So, what we guided that we will 
gradually ramp this up and it is on track for that. 
Kirtan Mehta: 
And one more question, in terms of the sort of the margin outlook looking forward, so we have 
seen some bit of easing of the nickel as well as the raw material prices and at the point stainless 
is also easing, so how do you see the margin environment doing over near next 3 to 6 months? 
Anurag Mantri: 
So, raw material prices eventually get passed, but here one thing I would like to highlight, last 
six months there is a big anomaly which has happened between chrome ore and ferrochrome. 
So, ferrochrome prices have not increased to the extent that chrome ore prices have increased. 
Chrome ore prices have jumped up by more than 30% while the ferrochrome prices have jumped 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
up 2%-3%. So, there was obviously a delay in the pass back to the consumer because that is 
based on the ferrochrome prices. So, margins from raw material perspective, I think to that extent 
that pressure remains, but I think the large pressure remains what Abhyuday covered in his 
opening remarks is the Chinese imports which actually keep distorting the pricing ecosystem, so 
we are considering that all. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
By that we are not changing our guidance, so it will be even to the end of this year around you 
can say Rs. 20,000 per ton. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We take the next question from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
I have 4 questions if allowed, sir, first is Tsingshan JV, what is the progress and the timelines? 
Second is Rathi Steels, the investment has already been done, are we looking to up the capacity 
over here? What is the incremental CAPEX and timeline, right, so first is Tsingshan, second is 
Rathi? Third is JUSL, this is specifically for Mr. Mantri, there is pretty strong cash flow at 
EBITDA level over here, but we do not see the decline in debt, it is only Rs. 20 crores, so just 
wanted to understand the cash flow bridge? And again, specific to JUSL, how are we looking at 
the volume tonnages for 3.2 million tons, so that is something that we have commissioned? And 
lastly for Mr. Jindal, if he can detail out on the capital allocation framework, the three buckets 
and congratulations for putting this framework out. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So, first two, in terms of our investment in Indonesia with Tsingshan is on track, we expect the 
operations to start by Q1 of FY25. So, those are on track, and it is closely being tracked. Our 
senior team is right now in Indonesia. So, I will have a real report by next week, but everything 
whatever I have spoken to them, and they were there, everything seems to be on track. Secondly, 
for our Rathi, we expect operations to start by December. After our investment of around Rs. 
206 crores, we are investing another Rs.100 crores more to stabilize, ramp up, improve the plant 
efficiency equipment. So, that would all be completed by December, but if your question was 
are we further enhancing our capacity in Rathi, not as of now. After this we would like to see 
how the unit performs, it is our first entry into long products, so are we meeting our numbers or 
target market and how the market performs, only after that we can enhance. There is capacity 
space available to enhance there, but that will only be taken once we really get into it. 
Anurag Mantri: 
So, on your question of JUSL strong cash flow, you are right, so basically JUSL are over close 
to Rs. 400 crores EBITDA in H1 and there was a strong cash generation after paying the interest 
of around Rs. 100 crores and the CAPEX spent etc. So, as you know, it is primarily a job work 
model. As on 30th September there were receivables which got build up from JSL because JSL 
receivables of JUSL were not paid and therefore there was a debtor outstanding in JUSL books. 
With that cash, idea is that, since the JUSL debt is actually a long-term debt of ~17 years and 
recently, their rating has been upgraded to AA minus, so consequently you will see in the coming 
quarters, we have got a considerable rate reduction in JUSL now. So, it is a long-term low interest 
rate debt. Therefore, we wanted to upstream the cash and I would be happy to say that on 7th 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
October post the quarter, these receivables from JSL were then paid off and there was a dividend 
of Rs. 200 crores paid by JUSL to JSL. So, that cash has come to JSL. So, basically that cash 
was anyway lying as a payable in JSL book, but then formally when JUSL announced the Rs. 
200 crores dividend, which is received by JSL and their debtors have also come down. So, the 
cash has been upstreamed to JSL and this will also not be taxable in JSL hand, because JSL is 
also consecutively paying the dividends.  So, it is an efficient upstreaming of the cash from the 
cash generating subsidiary. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, just to understand the numbers that you gave for debt reduction 800 to 600, is that gap 
because of this or something else upstreaming Rs. 200 crores? 
Anurag Mantri: 
No, it is not only Rs. 200 cores. There was also a working capital optimization partly due to 
some of the raw material prices also coming down. So, we actually have managed to release 
almost Rs. 500 to Rs. 600 crores cash in the system and that has helped us to reduce the debt. If 
you recall, last time we actually guided that the debt would increase and will end up the year by 
almost Rs. 5,400 crores. Now, with this type of working capital efficiency and we are revising 
our guidance to the improvement side and with all larger CAPEX have already been met and it 
is on track, so may be around Rs. 4,700 crores is what the closing number looks like at this stage. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Just last question for Mr. Jindal, sir, if you could just detail on the capital allocation framework, 
I think it is a pretty strong move by the company and secondly, we are evaluating the Indonesian 
assets, the mill which we are there, we have a loss making entity called Iber, I presume it is the 
European asset, how strategic is this and would we look to evaluate it or it continues to run as 
is? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
I will take the Iber question first, so Iber has just been the temporary phenomenon, since the 
European market has gone down after the war and everything that started that has been the 
negative situation actually that has created in Iber. Otherwise, we are very bullish and it has done 
very well. If you look at the history of Iber, it has always performed well and been in profit. It 
is only the last one and a half years where we have got some issues there and the market has just 
not taken off. Even though it has, now we see already our inventory levels are down there, we 
are again starting to send some more material to our Iber facility. The minute Europe picks up, 
definitely Iber will do very well. So, Iber is just a very temporary phenomenon. It is not the 
similar situation like Indonesia. Indonesia, even in future, we feel that the performance would 
not be very strong. That is why we have taken this call for Indonesia, but Iber, we are still very 
confident as the market turns around, Iber will turn around accordingly. And this capital 
allocation, basically in terms of our future expansion plans, I would still like wait till next quarter 
before I announce that because a lot of new investments, we have made that are Rathi, our 
Indonesia expansion. So, we are working on a plan. We are seeing how the export market will 
again take off. Then, by next quarter, we can announce further capital allocation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Singhania from SageOne Investment. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Pratik Singhania: 
With respect to this slab procurement importing from outside and then doing the entire process, 
what is the strategy, do we want to first build the market and then do the utilization level of our 
capacity is that we have built up or any like detailed light on the book? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Pratik, slab you should see as a raw material for us. We are looking at it, we can either move to 
a slab, we can bring the slab in, or we can bring scrap and other raw materials in. So, depending 
on what is the price or what is the kind of efficiency or improvement we are getting, that is the 
only time we are going to bring in the slabs. So, it is not something that it is required, or it is a 
must. It is a raw material; we see good benefit coming out of it. That is why we are continuing 
it. I hope that is your question that you are asking or what is your specific question on this? 
Pratik Singhania: 
So, my question was whether we are first trying to develop the market before we do the entire 
capacity expansion which we are trying to do in FY25, the ramp up? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
No, there is nothing like that. The market is already there. We are market wise growing at 7%-
8%. So, it is nothing to do with the market, it is more from a margin and raw material kind of 
benefit. That is why we are doing it, nothing to do with the market. 
Pratik Singhania: 
And with JUSL, since the new line has been operationalized, now most of the production is 
happening in the new line or we are still doing partial mix of? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
It is the same, so JUSL, it was capacity enhancement. We were at 1.6 and by adding a reheating 
furnace and a down coiler, the capacity has gone to 3.2, so it is the same line. There is no new 
line that has been added. 
Pratik Singhania: 
And with respect to this Chinese import like obviously we know (Inaudible) 24.30 which 
company has because of which you are maintaining the EBITDA margins, but couple of points 
or 2-3 points which you can highlight specifically giving you this confidence of maintaining the 
EBITDA margins despite this Chinese import increasing Y-o-Y? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
See, so one thing that is very important to understand is that where China is hitting us is in the 
lowest, I mean it is from volume wise also it is very low for us and from margin wise it is also 
very low for us. So, it actually impacts more on sentiments than anything else and because they 
are not able to compete with us in the high-end sectors, in your auto, in your white goods, 
railway, lift elevator, all these areas is not where China is dumping and impacting us. It is more 
in the lower hollowware, utensils, pipe and tube, these are the kind of areas where they are 
impacting. So, that is why our margin, which is not going above 20K is more to the factor of 
exports I can say. China definitely if imports are regulated that will also help growing the market 
and our market share, but margins, I say it is more because exports are subdued right now. That 
is why margins are around 20,000. 
Pratik Singhania: 
So, that was my second question that are you seeing any green shoots in the European side with 
respect to exports? 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Not immediately, but we expect from January onwards from our market research and our 
customer discussions from January onwards to pick up. Already this talking has started, which 
was very slow earlier, which is why in my previous answer, I was saying that even through our 
Iber subsidiary unit that gives a very clear direction how the market is performing, so already 
because sales have picked up there and we are sending more material to our subsidiary there, 
market has already started improving. January onwards, it is expected do better. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mudit Bhandari from IL Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
So, regarding JUSL, can you tell how much is the volume in terms of captive for JSL and for 
third party and in terms of EBITDA also how much is bifurcated for JSL and for third party? 
And also going forward, will the percentage remain the same? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Mudit, the internal job work done by the JUSL in this quarter four JSL is about 4,28,850 tons 
and outside sale is basically near about 1900 tons. 
Anurag Mantri: 
It is mainly for internal consumption rather than external job working. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
And we will continue on this model only even after the 3.2 expansion? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes, absolutely. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
And regarding standalone CAPEX, can you tell what is the remaining CAPEX apart from NPI, 
Indonesia and other acquisition, what is the remaining standalone CAPEX that we are to do? 
Anurag Mantri: 
See the total CAPEX including the JUSL for this year is around Rs. 3,200 to Rs. 3,300, of which 
2,000 have already been spent, so the remaining is around close to Rs. 1,200 to Rs. 1,300 Cr. 
Mudit Bhandari: 
So, I am just asking, can you just bifurcate it, how much, for which line item it is pending? 
Anurag Mantri: 
So, it is pending for, say, some of the NPI facility investment that will go, then there are some 
normal CAPEX is also pending which are there. Rathi CAPEX also part is pending, the Renew 
Power Equity that is also pending. So, it is across, but broadly that strategically, the CAPEX 
number, which is outstanding and so across all these acts to around Rs. 1,200 to Rs. 1,300 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. Please 
go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, a clarification in the starting on the call, you mentioned about capital allocation and talking 
about some CAPEX plans after the next quarter, so is this regarding to some specific CAPEX or 
general plan for FY25-26? 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Anurag Mantri: 
No, this is basically for our further expansion in increasing our stainless-steel capacity that we 
are working on, which next quarter is when we will be ready to announce. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And sir, couple of questions, firstly on the Indonesian unit, what is the current capital employed 
in this subsidiary? 
Anurag Mantri: 
It is around Rs. 331 crores actually. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So, this could be released and upstream to us, would that be a fair assumption or there would be 
some loss on this? 
Anurag Mantri: 
It is early to say, so we are exploring all the options how to that. Some of the equipment are in 
very good condition. We have an option to bring it back into India. The land over there is, also 
because it is strategically located in the export zone and the prior Indonesia because of they are 
becoming a key manufacturing, the prices have increased. So, with all this, but it is early to say 
that is why we have taken enabling resolution. We are now working on exploring what can 
maximize the value for us and accordingly we will work out the final plan. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And what was the loss in the current quarter or the first half from this subsidy? 
Anurag Mantri: 
The flat loss in this quarter was Rs. 28 Cr. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
And one more question on the subsidiaries only, is it possible to give the split between the 
subsidiaries including JUSL, the domestic subsidiaries and the international subsidies for Q2 
and H1? 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, we can give it to you. Maybe there are too many numbers because Q2 and H1, I will ask 
Shreya to send you the number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Kothari from Centrum Broking. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Kothari: 
Sir, I would like to know about the CAPEX plan for FY25 and 26, so as we will be completing 
most of our CAPEX spend in FY24, what would be the first of all sustainable CAPEX for the 
entire consolidated capacity and what has been planned for rest of the CAPEX in FY25 and 26? 
Anurag Mantri: 
FY26, Kunal, now that we are working on the strategy, and I think we will see that how we ramp 
it up. Maybe by next quarter, we will be able to tell you better that how we will take our next 
phase of CAPEX. Now FY25 will be based on the currently announced CAPEX, there would be 
some CAPEX remaining of this like some of the NPI payment depending on when they complete 
the project, also some of the spillover CAPEX. So, it may not be very high CAPEX based on 
the currently announced plan. Normal maintenance, sustenance CAPEX at a group level, maybe 
including JUSL, Rathi a bit early, but I think our sense is that because what we were running at 
current levels, maintenance sustenance CAPEX will be close to around Rs. 500 to Rs. 600 Cr on 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
an average going forward because Rathi capacity could also take initially, so like not too much 
it will be required into JUSL as such, but I think between Rathi and for some upgradation those 
are actually always ongoing projects. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Pratim Roy from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Pratim Roy: 
Sir, I have one question that Indonesian investment on (Inaudible) 33.45, so what kind of return 
we can expect in the near term if you can give some light on that part? 
Anurag Mantri: 
NPI payback once it starts is expected to be around 3-4 years because depending on obviously 
the nickel prices in this set, so I think once it starts, we are expecting the payback in 3-4 years’ 
time. 
Pratim Roy: 
So, any IRR you are expecting, any particular number? 
Anurag Mantri: 
And our capital location policy, all projects will take at least 15% of IRR, so surely 4 years will 
be higher than this. 
Pratim Roy: 
The 25% you can say, right? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes and around 25% IRR. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Ritesh Shah from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, what sort of cash flows do we expect from Rathi? You indicated that we will have the 
operations running in December. I presume that is after 2 months and the capacity over there 
was around 162 KT, so what sort of EBITDA profile are we looking at over here, how do we 
approach the market that is one? And just a second question on Tsingshan, you also indicated 
that it is pretty much on stream given even if you factor a payback of say 4 years, 5 years, then 
are we looking at around Rs. 250-Rs. 300 crores of incremental contribution from this particular 
asset as well? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
So, in terms of Rathi, it is still a little early and the way that we are planning is that right now 
when we start, it will be little low margin because it is a new entry, long products for us, long 
product, Rebar, Wire rod is totally new for our company. So, we want to really enter with the 
low margin, low quality kind of area, so it will be around, I would say between 8,000 to 12,000 
per ton and then gradually, as we stabilize, as our confidence in the market, in the technology, 
in the product picks up, then our strategy is to move to those higher variants, higher margin rates. 
So, it is a journey, it is a transition, it is still a little too early to give exact numbers, but this is 
the larger plan and your second question? 
Anurag Mantri: 
On the NPI, so Ritesh, you are right, if you take say $157 million investment and say 4 years, so 
close to $39 to $40 million could accrue on every year, so Rs. 250-Rs. 300 crores. 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Ritesh Shah: 
And lastly, are we looking at any inorganic opportunities? That is one? And earlier we had 
indicated that we were open to scouting for nickel mines, but based on the capital allocation 
framework, what we have indicated is 15% IRR, will we still be open to looking at particular 
mine or our focus will be on more downstream assets? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
We are open to all options, Ritesh. I would not like to say that it is only downstream or upstream 
depending on following a capital allocation framework, if either downstream or upstream fits 
into it, we will go for that. Raw material security is always something that is good thing to have 
for companies of our size, so there is nothing immediately on the cards in terms of any mine or 
any inorganic opportunity, but now we are keeping our eyes, ears, everything open and anything 
that fits into our capital allocation framework, which we have also posted in our website and in 
our investor presentation, we will like to follow through. 
Anurag Mantri: 
Whatever NCLT we are keeping an eye open at on some of these downstream facilities which 
keep coming in the NCLT framework, we continue to evaluate actively on those. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Kejriwal from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Sir, two questions from my side. One, if I look at the cash, we see that there was some Rs. 1,300 
crores which was payment against noncurrent investment, I understand that this could be because 
of Indonesia project as well as what we paid to JUSL, but it is possible to break it down because 
JUSL, I think we need to pay around Rs. 960 crores and Rs. 600 crores we have paid for 
Indonesia project. So, it should be something Rs. 1,550 crores versus cash flows are just Rs. 
1,300 crores so is there any other line item where we have put this Rs. 250 crores or where it is? 
Anurag Mantri: 
So, all this is in this line item because it goes into the tranches, so both of the investments are in 
this line item only Ashish, Rs. 1,300 crores include both tranches for JUSL as well as the tranche 
for NPIs. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
So, is it safe to assume that Rs. 250 crores is yet to be paid in one of that cash flow needs to be 
delivered later on? 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, I told you that out of Rs. 3,200 crores, only Rs. 2,000 crores have been consummated, the 
balance Rs. 1,200 crores will come into the tranche for NPI. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
No, my question was because I think Rs. 960 crores we have paid for JUSL acquisition or still 
needs to pay? 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, so Rs. 958 crores have been fully paid for JUSL. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
My question was that in our notes to account we have mentioned that we have paid something 
like Rs. 600 crores on Indonesia projects also, that is what I was looking at, that is not matching? 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Anurag Mantri: 
Rs. 600 crores well, no, I think. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Rs. 527 crores we have paid and then Rs. 80 crores for the investment is there? 
Anurag Mantri: 
Yes, around close to 500 crores. 
Ashish Kejriwal: 
Well, I will check with Shreya then. The second question was in terms of further expansion, 
obviously we will get a more sense on the next quarter, but whatever expansion we are going to 
do, is it safe to say that, that will take at least 1.5 to 2 years from the start date which means that 
by FY25 we will commission or expand our existing capacity and maybe FY26 could be a year 
where we can take a pause and then 27 again growth will happen? 
Anurag Mantri: 
Absolutely. I think Ashish at a broader level, what you are saying is correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Vikash Singh from Phillip Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir. I just wanted to understand when we give EBITDA per ton guidance of 19,000 to 21,000, is 
where now we are giving it including JUSL or it is still excluding JUSL? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
It is excluding the JUSL, only for standalone JSL. 
Vikash Singh: 
So, with JUSL, it could be 3000 to 4000 higher per ton basis, is that the correct assumption? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Anurag Mantri: 
With JUSL, the EBITDA per ton at console basis will be 22,000 to 24,000 per ton. 
Vikash Singh: 
And sir, my second question pertains to, I wanted your thought process on the national stainless-
steel policy, if you could give us some insight into that, how it is going to help us, it would be 
really nice? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
The basic idea is that steel and stainless-steel always kind of ends up getting clubbed together. 
So, no matter even though certain specific policies are meant for steel stainless-steel invariably 
gets added and then we get the impact. So, like one example to share for that is the export duty, 
when export duty last year was levied on steel stainless-steel and after multiple rounds of 
discussion with the ministry, with everybody they under the table if I can say, they admitted that 
stainless-steel export duty should have not been levied, but because of the kind of understanding 
because there is no separate policy separate focus on stainless-steel, it ends up letting clubbed, 
so like another example I can give you is that lot of questions I started getting last year, the iron 
ore prices had gone very high that is why all everything went off sync and off track. So, then I 
had to explain to everybody that as a stainless-steel producer, we don't consume a single kg of 
iron ore. So, that impact is more on steel players rather than stainless-steel players, so having a 
policy on its own because the kind of applications, the kind of raw material, the kind of quality 
standards that stainless-steel has is totally different from steel and the kind of sectors that are 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
coming up, like your desalinization plant, ethanol plant, LNG terminals, pharma sector is picking 
up a lot, all of this requires stainless-steel to be consumed more and more. So, with the policy 
coming up, it will only help in enhancing the market, enhancing the awareness of stainless-steel 
and giving us our own kind of footing rather than getting clubbed with steel industry. 
Vikash Singh: 
So, basically, we could get some delinking from the steel industry policies in terms of export 
employment? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
That is the basic idea, delink from steel industry is the broader idea. 
Vikash Singh: 
Sir, just last question if I may understand, if I just detect the JUSL EBITDA from our 
consolidated then our EBITDA per ton seems to be somewhere around 19,000. It is a kind of a 
3800 per ton dip on a sequential basis, so is this because of the inventory losses or the product 
mix which has played into? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
This is mainly because of export market. Export is the important market for us and we supply 
mainly to European and US market which has very good margins that being subdued in this 
quarter has led to little dip in our EBITDA per ton. Otherwise, I think so we would have done 
better only. 
Vikash Singh: 
Any sign of update which you have seen, or we have to wait couple of quarters for that? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
We have started a little bit, but we expect major update to happen from January onwards. They 
will all go on their winter vacation also. So, once they are back then we should see some updates 
starting. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
I have a couple of questions. One is on the product mix, so what was the product mix between 
200, 300 and 400 in this quarter? And did the reduced level of exports actually alter this product 
mix in any way? 
Shreya Sharma: 
So, Amit, I will take your question on product mix. I’ll say in an order of 200, 300, and 400 
series, it was 36%, 44% and 20% for the Q2 FY24. 
Amit Dixit: 
And since our export level was reduced, so had we maintained a similar level of export, so would 
this product mix have been any different or is it being normalized product mix that you are 
looking at? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
400 series would have been a little bit higher and 200 would have been a little bit lower, I would 
say, 300 you can say remains around 45% to 50%. 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Amit Dixit: 
The second bit is on actually the capacity side, so now we have 3.2 HSM commissioned at JUSL, 
hence is the domestic market look so buoyant, particularly with the railway orders and all coming 
in, so is there any thought process to utilize this capacity to maximum by maybe rolling stainless-
steel slabs or maybe using it for custom rolling of carbon steel because at the end of the day we 
would like to split this asset, is it the right assumption? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
That is definitely the target. Both areas are what we are exploring. First preference would be 
stainless steel and otherwise carbon steel, but absolutely we have to utilize all our assets to 100% 
capacity utilization. So, these are like you said on the cards. 
Amit Dixit: 
And the number that you gave for volume 20% that includes or excludes that option? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
That excludes that option. 
Amit Dixit: 
So, that is over and above? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Yes, that is over and above. 
Amit Dixit: 
The final question from my side, we have seen that regulatory involvement becoming more 
conducive for the stainless-steel, particularly because of some of the investigations that have 
been instituted recently, now Chinese imports have gone up 55%, though it doesn't impact us 
directly in many of the segment, but as industry leader, have we approached the government 
regarding this influx and can you give a give some color on what actions are being contemplated 
or what investigations they are working on? 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Constant dialogue is on with at all ministry levels, from Steel Ministry, which is definitely a 
parent ministry, Commerce Ministry and Finance Ministry, so continuous dialogues are on and 
we are really trying to showcase with the government that more than Jindal Stainless as an 
organization, it is the MSME sector that is suffering. It is that their capacity utilization is less 
than 50%, how can a country like India not be dependent on manufacturing? How can we only 
be dependent on trade? So, all these kinds of dialogues are on, we have taken the support and 
help of media also to showcase that how much is the trade deficit between India and China and 
not only to these levels, we have also approached through our association into the PMO, so lot 
of dialogues are on, but I cannot say with a lot of confidence whether I see something happening 
in our favor. So, it is a tough situation that government is not supporting and listening to the 
industry despite severe dumping happening from the last 3-4 years, so dialogue is on. We are 
not going to leave this at all. It is something that we are taking up at all levels like I mentioned 
already, the fight will be on. We are not going to leave it, but nothing, no change and no new 
information has come out. I think also being an election year, they might take it up after only. 
But I can also add that when we are planning, we are taking this as a status quo. We are not 
taking duty coming in for any reason to reduce or anything or numbers at all, so we take this as 
given that no duty is there and we perform without it. 

 
Jindal Stainless Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. That was the last question in the queue. I would now like to hand the 
conference back to Mr. Amit Dixit for closing comments. 
Amit Dixit: 
So, I would like to thank everyone for attending the call and fruitful discussion that we had this 
afternoon. I would also like to thank the management for sharing their time and elaborate 
explanation. I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Jindal now for any closing comment. 
Abhyuday Jindal: 
Thank you, Amit and let me thank everyone else also for attending this call. I would like to 
reiterate that it is the strong economic activities that are pulling up core sector demand across 
segments. I would also like to highlight as the national stainless policy shapes up, we are 
confident that the per capita consumption of stainless in India will increase from the current 2.8 
kg in the coming years. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions in a satisfactory 
manner. Should you need any further clarifications, or you would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you all for attending. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
