ELIN   ELECTRONICS   LIMITHD
ELIN HOUSE, 4771, BHARAT RAM ROAD, 23 DARYA GANJ, NEW DELHI-110 002
Website  :  ww.ellnindia.com            Tel.  :  91-1143000400    Fax  :  91-11-23289340
November loth, 2023
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,
Plot No. C/1, G Block,
Bandra - Kurla Complex
Bandra (E), Mumbai -400 051
Symbol: ELIN
ISIN: INE050401020
BSE Limited
Corporate Relationship Department,
2nd Floor, New Trading Wing,
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers,
Dalal Street, Mumbai -400 001
Scrip Code: 543725
Dear Sir"a'am,
Subject: Submission of Transcript of conference call held on 8th November, 2023.
Pursuant  to   Regulation  30   of  the  SEBI   (Listing  Obligations   &  Disclosure   Requirements)
Regulations, 2015, we are enclosing herewith the transcript of an earnings conference call for the
Q2FY2024 held on Wednesday, 8th November, 2023.
The above information is being uploaded on the website of the Company at www.elinindia.com.
We request you to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Elin Electronics Limited
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
M No.: A30540
cs@,elinindia.com
Encl: As Above
EE©
©givty
Factories:-
C-142-143-144-144/1 -144/2 Industrial Area, Site No.1, Bulandshahar Road, Ghaziabad -201009 (U.P.)
L-84, Vema Industrial Area, Electronic City, Vema, Goa -403722.
Village: Beli Khol, Post: Manpura -174101, Teh: Nalagarh, District: Solan (Himachal Pradesh)
Regd. Office:  143, Cotton Street. Knlkata -700007  . Telefax : 91-33-22685738
CIN
-                      _       _-___
L29304WBl98-2PLC034725
GSTIN: 09AAACE6449GIZJ

"Elin Electronics Limited
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call"
November 08, 2023
1iMF,NANctAL  ee               c „ ® R
MANAGEMENT:   MR. KAMAL SETHIA -MANAGING DIRECTOR -ELIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. SANJEEV SETHIA - DIRECTOR - ELIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. AKASH SETHIA - BUSINESS STRATEGY - ELIN
ELECTRONICS LIMITED
MR. R K CHHAJER - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -
ELIN HLECTRONICS LIMITED
MODERATOR:      MR. VAIBHAV SHAH -JM FINANCIAL
Page I of 8

Moderator:
Vaibhav Shah:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
Ladiesandgentlemen,gooddayandwelcometoElinElectronicsLimitedQ2FY`24Eamipgs
Conference Call, hosted by JM Financial.
As  a  reminder,  all  participant  lines  will  be  in  the  listen-only  mode  and  there  wiu  be  an
opportunity  for  you  to  ask  questions  after  the  presentation  concludes.   Should  you  need
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on
yourtouchtonephone.Pleasenotethatthisconferenceisbeingrecorded.
InowhandtheconferenceovertoMr.VaibhavShahfromJMFinancial.Thankyouandover
to you, sir.
Thankyou.OnbehalfofJMFinancial,IwelcomeeveryonetoQ2FY'24EamingsConference
Can  of Elin  Electronics Limited.  Today  we have  from the  management,  Mr.  Kamal  Sethia
Managing Director,  Mr.  Sanjeev  Sethiq  Director,  Mr.  Akash  Sethiq  Business  Strategy  and
Mr.  R K  Chhajer,  CFO  of the  company.  We  will  begin  with  the  opening remarks  from the
managementafterwhichwewilltakethequestionsfromtheparticipants.Overtoyou,sir.
Thank you very much,  Valbhav.  Good evening,  ladies and gentlemen, this is Sanjeev  Sethiay
andwealsohaveoncalltodayourManagingDirector,Mr.KamalSethiqMr.AIashSethifty
wholooksatStrategyandourCFO,Mr.RKChhajer.Thankyouverymuchforjoiningour
eamingscallforthequarterandhalfyearendedSeptember2023.
Comingtoouroverallperformanceforthequarter,consolidatedrevenuesforthequarterwas
INR2,733millionagainstINR3,103millioninthesameperiodlastyear,down12%onayear-
on-year basis. On a Q-o-Q basis, it was up from INR2,538 million by 8%. The key factors for
declineinrevenueonayear-on-yearbasisareasfollows.Forwardshiftinfestivalseasonby
one month this year as compared to  last year.  Softer raw material prices leading to decline in
overallBOMandthereforepricingoffinishedproduct.Thisisdespitevolunegrowhinmost
categorieswiththeexceptionoffansandsmallappliances.OnaQ-o-Qbasis,wewereup8%
onthebackofbettervolumesacrosscategoriesandlargelystablepricingQ-on-Q.
Gross  margins improved by  loo  bps year-on-year on the back of softer raw material prices.
ConsolidatedEBITDAforthequarterwasINR99millionagainstINR313millioninthesane
periodlastyear.Keyfactorsforthisareasfollows.LowerrevenuesofINR370millionduring
thequarteronayear-on-yearbasis.Negatjveoperatingleveragebecauseofannualincreasein
various  cost  items  led  by  employee  cost.  We  are  strengthening our organizational  structure
withkeyhiresthatarereflectingimmediatelyinthecostbutofcoursewi»takesometimeto
show results leading to lower EBITDA margins.
WehavealsotakenprovisionsoflNR17mimonduringthequarter,INR14millionpertaining
toinventories,non-cashitemduringthequarterinlinewithourpolicyofrecognizingslowand
non-moving inventory and INR3  million pertaining to provision for warranties.  Consolidated
PATforthequarterwasINR32millionagainstINR172mjllioninthesameperiodlastyear.
Our liquidity position  remains  strong with  the net  cash  of INR700  mimon  as  at  September
2023.   All  our  term   loans  have   been  repaid.   As  such,   our  finance  costs  have   dropped
substantiallyfromINR41milliontoINR13million.IncomefromFDwhichisproceedofIPO
Page 2 of 8

Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
moneywhichwasputinFDisshownasotherincomeofINR20millionforthequaver.Our
capex in Q2 FY '24  was INR34 million and half year '24  was rNR76 million.  while we had
earlierguidedforcapexintherangeofINR200milliontoINR225millionforthefullyearFY
'24,  we  will  scale  it  back to  INI175  million  to  INR200 million  in  light of the  weak macro
demand.
OurworkingcapitalasatSeptember2023isanet71daysagalnst63dayslastyear.Inventory
isathigherthannormallevelsduetoslowerthananticipatedoffiakefromcustomers.Weare
inactivediscussionswithourcustomerstoliquidatethisoverthecourseofthisfinancialyear.
Now I would like to  share with you the performance and  strategy  in each of our businesses
going  forward.  Please  refer  to  slide  five  of the  presentation.  In  lighting,  fans  and  switch
segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR796 million against INR873  million in the same
quarter  last year,  This  was primarily  driven  by reduction  in  revenue  from  LED  lighting  by
INR52 million and flashlight by INR22 million.
LED  lighting  and  flashlight  declined  from  INR695  million  last year  to  INR643  million  led
primarilybysofterrawmaterialpriceaswellaspriceerosionincertaincategories.Theprice
erosionhasbeenledbyacombinationofintensecompetitionaswellaschangeinspecification
and  engineering.  This  js  despite  14%  volume  growl  year-on-year  in  LED  lighting  across
subcategories.
Togrowthisbusjness,weareinanadvancedstageofdiscussionswhichsignifyonthematter
ofexclusivity.Weareveryoptimisticforafavoratileresolutionbytheendofthisyear.That's
December2023.Regardingourfanbusiness,revenuefromourTPWfanbusinessisramping
up,  although  slower  than  anticipated.  We  are  also  in  discussion  with  the  Top  5  0EMs  for
supplyofTPWfans.Wewillupdateonthestatusbynextquarter.
OurBLDCfansareunderqualitytestingwithacoupleofleadingOEMs.WewiHupdateon
this  by next  quarter also.  Please refer to  slide  six  of the presentation.  In the  small  appliance
segment,revenuedeclinedfromINR872millionlastquartertoINR690millioninthisquarter.
This  was  primarily  driven  by a reduction  in  kitchen  and home  care  revenues  from INR694
mimon to INR459 million.
RevenuefromironsdecreasedbyINR122millionwhilemixergrinderandhandblendersales
declinedbyINR105million.Thesedeclineswereledbybothvolumeandrealizationdecline.
Thistiesinwithmyearliercommentabouttheweakmacrosituationleadingtotepiddemand
for consumer durables and white goods.
Inourearliereamingcalls,wehaddiscussedourintentofsettingupanadditionalassemt]ly
line of mixer grinders  in  our Ghaziabad factory,  which will  reduce  cost saving  expected on
basis of packing, freight etcetera help us attract the more entry and mid-range brand as well
ascatertoprivatelabelbrandofe-retailandmodelretail.Theexercisewouldbecompletedby
Q4FY'24.Asexplainedearlier,weexpectfullbenefitofthistocomeonlyinfiscalyear`25.
Revenue from personal care division was up from INR178 mimon to INR23l  million  in the
current quarter. This was largely on back of addition of trimmers to the portfolio. Please refer
Page 3 of 8

Moderator:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
to slide seven of the presentation. In the FHP motor segment, revenues were up from INR535
million to INR557 million, primarily driven by increase in revenue from motors of consumer
durables  by INR62  million,  which  was  up  on the  back of sharp volume grown  in  chimney
motors. Revenue from sales of fan motors declined from INR68 million to INR43 million. We
expect to  comment AC ODU motor sales in Q3  FY '24 that will  ramp-up in the subsequent
quarters.
Status of new products in pipeline is shared on slide  10 of the presentation. Overall, Q2 FY '24
has been an extremely challenging quarter for us.  It is pertinent to share some perspective on
the  macro  situation.  In  our  view,  overall  demand  seems  sluggish  in  the  consumer  durable
FMEG  space.  We  are  seeing  this  across  categories  of lighting,  fans,  and  small  appliances.
Further, due to sluggish demand, there is a heightened competition within brands. This has led
to pricing pressures on companies like us manufacturing for them.
The pricing pressure is not merely in the context of softer raw material prices, but there is also
a push by brands to  us to engage in value-add,  value engineering activities to drive the BOM
doun of the products. The tepid demand scenario has also meant that our capacity utilization
has  been  below  par.  Most  categories  are  operating  between  45%  to  65%  utilization  level,
single shift spaces, with the exception of lighting business where it is around 70%.
As of now, for the full year FY '24, we believe we will be flat to negative 5% compared to FY
'23.  This  should  t)e  viewed  in  the  context  of larger  macro  situation.  Given  the  impact  of
negative operating leverage,  this will have a larger impact on our bottom line.  All  of this is
despite  our  expectation  that  we  will  grow  our  volumes  across  key  categories  with  the
exception of small appliances. We are using this challenging period to make our cost structures
leanerandmoreefficientandexpecttocomeoutofthismuchstronger.
Noteworthy, points are as follows. We have hired a Group procurement head for the company
in November '23.  The target is to drive efficiencies and saving in total per case cost.  While a
bulk of this would be passed on to  customers which should help us secure new customers as
well  as  increase  wallet  share  with  existing  customers,  we  will  also  retain  some part of this
saving.
As  announced  in  our  earlier  quarterly  call,  we  have  started  the  process  of  rationalizing
employee  costs  via  the  implementation  of the  recommendations  of our  consultant.  Starting
January  2024,  quarterly  saving  of INR3  million  to  INR3.5  million  on  this  account  will  be
visible.  We are working on further cost optimization avenues as well.  As always,  we remain
committed to drive value for our customers and shareholders alike.
Withthis,weconcludeouropeningremarks.WecannowopenthefloorforQ&A.Thankyou
so much.
Thank  you  very  much,  sir.  We  will  now  begin  the  question-and-answer  session.  The  first
question is from the line of Mr. Vipraw Shrivastav from Incred. Please go ahead, sir.
Just to be clear, so the management is guiding that there will be flat on top line for FY '24, is
that right?
Page 4 of 8

Management:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Management:
Vipraw SIlrivastav:
Management:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Management:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
That's correct. So, we are saying that flat to negative 5%. So that's the range.  So, we're giving a
range because demand seems to be extremely sluggish, and therefore we are not in a position
to give an absolutely accurate assessment.  So, we are guiding for a range of zero to minus 5%.
And any idea of FY `25? Do we expect to grow from that number? Or, I mean, can you give
any thoughts on that?
Look, I think right now it's too early given the weak macro. The situation is that look, we build
up our forecast and revenue guidance on the basis of the annual operating plans that we receive
from our customers.  Now,  what is happening is that the plans that we  are receiving are not
exactly being adhered to. There is a reasonable amount of variation in that,  which is why,  if
you note, earlier we were guiding for a loo/o to  12°/o growth in this fiscal. But now we are kind
of cutting that guidance down to zero to minus 5%. The reason for that is that that AOP is not,
I mean, it's just not playing out as in the search.
So,  I  think right  now,  it  is  a  little  bit too  early  to  give  a  guidance  for  fiscal  `25.  Allow  us
maybe another quarter or so, by which time we'll have a clearer picture. And maybe then we
can share with you a realistic guidance at that point in time.
And  anything  on  EBITDA  margins?  Do  we  expect  it  to  remain  at  this  level  only  or  any
improvement or any decrease from here also? Any thoughts on that, EBITDA margins?
Look,  if once revenues start going up, of course EBITDA margins will grow. Historically,  if
you  look  at  our margins,  we've  always  been  in  a range  of 7%,  7.5%.  These  are  absolutely
unusual  times  where  demand  is  so  sluggish  that  beyond  a  point  to  reduce  cost  becomes
extremely challenging.  So,  at some point  every cost at some point in some nature is a fixed
cost.  So,  to  reduce  that  becomes  extremely  difficult.  Once  revenues  start to  go  up,  we  are
confident that EBITDA will go up. Just a case in point of what I'm saying,  if you look at our
gross margins, they have remained steady, in fact gone up loo basis points.
So,  at a gross margin level, there is no real  issue,  which means we are able to pass through,
RM costs and the like. The issue is with the overheads, which, where demand falls beyond a
certain  point,  it  becomes  very,  very  difficult  to  kind  of  control  them,  which  is  what  is
impacting EBITDA. Trust that kind of makes the position clear.
Right.  And  debt  has  been  repaid,  right?  So,  interest  costs  will  be  lower  since  subsequent
quarters, right?
Yes.  So,  you  have  already  seen  on  a Y-o-Y basis,  it's  down from  approximately INR4-odd
crores last quarter, I mean last year, this quarter, to now about INRl .3-odd crores. cud it will
not become zero because there is some LC charges, for import, some bank guarantee charges.
So, it will not become zero, but it will probably remain around this range or slightly lower.  So,
it's not going to become zero.
Sure. That is all from my side. Thank you.
Page 5 of 8

Moderator:
Vaibhav Shah:
Sanjeev Sethia:
Management:
Vaibhav Shah:
Management:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Vaibhav Shall from JM Financial. Please
go ahead, sir.
Yes, sir. In the lighting segment we have seen that there was a moderation from the last two
quarters,  but we have seen some  improvement in the second quarter.  So how do you see the
business going ahead in the next couple of quarters?
So, I think based on the plans which we have, we don't see any major increase in the volumes.
Pricing is still, I mean, there is still a lot of pressure on pricing, reducing the prices. So overall,
at least the next quarter, I don't see any major increase. I think it will continue in the same way
what we have achieved this quarter.  So that's how I see at least the next quarter playing out.
Post that,  I made a brief comment that we are looking at probably getting out of exclusivity
and looking for a favorable resolution by the end of this year.
If that happens, and I'm pretty confident it happens, then the market opens up for us, and then
our guidance of lighting business growing up will be much different than what we are seeing
right now.
However, just to add to that just to share some more context on the lighting business, we are
seeing tremendous amount of price erosion.  Just to give you some examples,  if you take the
case of batons, which is essentially tube lights, the price at the beginning of this fiscal year, so
around March, April, May, was around close to INRloo-odd, INR105 a baton, which is now as
things stand right now, which is November  lst week, dour to INR68.  So,  in the space of six
months, seven months, we've seen an erosion of almost 35%, close to 40%.
If you  look  at  volumes,  volumes  on  a  Yro-Y  basis  are  up  14%,  and  on  a  Q-o-Q  basis  are
actually up 23%.  So, the issue is not so much with volumes,  but the unusual nature of price
erosion. Now this price erosion has two  components,  if I may add.  One is obviously led by a
decline in RM, which is a pass-through kind of thing for us, but there is a lot of push around
changing the engineering and the specifications.  So, the height is being reduced, the width is
being  reduced,  products  are  being  re-engineered,  if I  may  use  that  word.  Now  when  that
happens, obviously the BOM comes down, and there is tremendous pressure on that.
All this in our view is happening because of the weak macro, where the strategy that brands
are  kind  of taking  is  to  kind  of get  a  lower-priced  product that will  help  improve  sales.  So
pleasedoviewthecommentsinthecontextofwhatisalsohappening.Thankyou.
Okay.  So  how has  been the  festive  demand  in  the  month  of October  and November  so  far
acrossthesegments?Andarewefacinganychallengesintherawmaterialavailability?
There are no  challenges in raw material avallability per se.  So that's one part that is at least
relatively easy to  speak on. Festive demand is not as per expectation. That said, on a Y-o-Y
basis, we will still report some growh in Q3, but very honestly that is possibly because of the
base effect, because last year Q3  was a very low base for us.  So, there will be some growl
overandabovethat,butlike1said,that'smoretodowiththebaseeffect.Demandisstillfairly
weak.
Page 6 of 8

Vaibhav Shah:
Kama] Sethia:
Vaibhav Shah:
Management:
Vaibhav Shah:
Management:
Vaibhav Shah:
Moderator:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Management:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
Okay. And, sir, have we added any new customers in the medical segment?  So, we have seen
thatforthepastfewquarterstherevenuenumberhasbeenquitemuted.So,haveweaddedany
customers so far?
Vaibhav,  in the medical  segment,  we have not added.  We  are right now manufacturing this
patented product for our principals.  So, we have not added any new customer on that, but now
the government has opened up and they are now giving orders for this existing product, what
we are making, which was very, very slow in the previous quarter or quarter before that.
Sonowweareseeingupwardtrendintotheexistingproduct.Thisisadifferenttechnology,so
we are not even right now thinking of adding any new customer in the medical segment. But
other segments, yes, we are adding more customers. Just recently, to give you an example, that
we have launched a I)aby I)ottle sterilizer. It's not a medical product  but it's a mother and child
product,whichisalreadythetrialsareoveranditisgettinglaunchedinJanuarynextyear.
So, we should get the revenue and advantage of this product in the coming financial year in a
good way.
Okay, and lastly on the capex side, while we have moderated the guidance for FY `24, in FY
`25whatwouldbetheguidanceandinwhichareasarewelookingtoexpandinto?
Look, you're asking about the capex for fiscal `25 orjust the areas for growth?
Both. So, since we modulated the number for `24, so what is our outlook for FY `25?
Look,  a little bit early to say, but I can give you a broad kind of range. It should be broadly,
and it will obviously vary depending on the macro.  So as things stand, as we look at it today,
probably in the range of INR20  crores to  INR25  crores  for next  fiscal.  Like  I've explained,
look, in our line of business, the large capex is required only for land and building, which we
are  largely  through.  There  remains  a  small  bit  of work  pending  to  expand  our  facility  in
Ghaziabad,  but by and large the work has been completed to  expand land and building.  The
plant and machinery assembly lines are per se not that expensive.  So, in tens of capex, as of
now, INR20 crores to INR25 crores is the expectation for next fiscal.
Okay. Thank you, sir. Those were my questions.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Vipraw Shrivastav from Incred Capital
Financial Services, Private Limited. Please go ahead, sir.
I just had one follow-up.  So,  in the small appliances division,  how is the client concentration
there? Are we diversified? I mean,  does a significant portion of revenue come from a single
client? How are we positioned there?
In tens of number of customers, yes, it is diversified. But in terms of concentration, probably
the Top 2 account for about 75%, maybe 70%, 75% of business.
Right, right. And the client you can't name the client, right, obviously, right?
Page 7 of 8

Management:
Vipraw Shrivastav:
Moderator:
Vaibhav Shah:
Kama] Sethia:
Vaibhav Shah:
Moderator:
Elin Electronics Limited
November 08, 2023
Yes, we can probably take that offline.
Sure. Okay. Thank you.
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference
over to Mr. Vaibhav Shall. Please go ahead.
Opportunity. Any closing remarks from your side?
Yes, this is Kamal Sethia, Managing Director. Thank you all for your time and participating in
this  earning call.  And  we  are  really grateful  for your patience  and  support to  the company.
Thank you so much.
Thank you, sir.
Thank  you,  sir.  On  behalf of JM  Financial,  that  concludes  this  conference.  Thank  you  for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 8 of 8
