November 03, 2023 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Services, 
Piroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
Listing: http://listing.bseindia.com
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
Listing: 
https://neaps.nseindia.com/NEWLISTINGCORP/
Re: 
Security 
BSE 
NSE 
ISIN 
Equity Shares  
532313 
MAHLIFE 
INE813A01018
Sub
:
Transcript of Earnings Conference Call-Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”) 
Ref
:
Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated October 03, 2023
Dear Sirs, 
This is further to our letter dated October 03, 2023, wherein we had given advance intimation 
of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Monday, October 30, 2023, with 
several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds on the unaudited standalone and consolidated 
Financial Results for the second quarter and half year ended on September 30, 2023 
(“Financial Results”).  
In compliance with Regulation 30(6) read with Schedule III and other applicable provisions of 
the Listing Regulations, we hereby inform you that the Company on Monday, October 30, 
2023, concluded its earnings conference call with several Analysts/Institutional 
Investors/Funds on the Financial Results and the audio recordings of which were submitted 
through Stock exchange vide letter dated 30th October, 2023. Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha, 
Managing Director & CEO, Mr. Vimal Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rabindra Basu, 
Head Investor Relations attended the said call on behalf of the Company. The transcript of the 

said call hosted by the Company for the second quarter and half year ended on September 
30, 2023, has been attached herewith and also made available on the Company’s website at 
the following link: 
https://www.mahindralifespaces.com/investor-center/?category=earnings-conference-call
This is for your information and appropriate dissemination. 
For Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Bijal Parmar 
Assistant Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS-32339 
BIJAL BHARAT 
PARMAR
Digitally signed by 
BIJAL BHARAT PARMAR 
Date: 2023.11.03 
11:54:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
“Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. AMIT SINHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MAHINDRA LIFESPACE 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. VIMAL AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. RABINDRA BASU – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
MAHINDRA LIFESPACE DEVELOPERS LIMITED 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Good morning ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to Mahindra Lifespace Developers 
Limited’s Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call. On the call we have with us today Mr. Amit 
Sinha, MD & CEO, Mr. Vimal Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Rabindra Basu, Head 
of Investor Relations. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during this conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Amit Sinha, MD & CEO, Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited. 
Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Amit Sinha: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to our Q2 FY2024 earnings call. At the outset 
I would like to welcome everybody for the call and thank everyone for participating, also my best 
wishes for Dussehra and Diwali, also best wishes to India for the World Cup on all our collective 
behalf. Let me cover a few things very quickly. I will cover a few highlights that we are seeing in 
the industry overall, we will quickly cover pre-sales from the resi side, the launches that we have 
done and are in the process of gearing ourselves for the H2, the highlights of business 
development, the update on the IC&IC side and I will then request Vimal to jump in for the 
financial split, so those are the few topics that I will quickly cover along with Vimal. 
 
So let me just start with industry very quickly, we continue to see a huge amount of momentum 
in the real estate industry. I would call it a purple patch for the industry given multiple strong 
drivers in the market, the macros are strong, the GDP growth is contributing significantly, the per 
capita income, per household income, etc., are driving the growth. Post-COVID, we have seen a 
significant interest in home buying. Not only in buying home but also buying larger homes. 
Upgrades are also becoming a key part of the buying behavior. Typically, the real estate industry 
has 6-to-8-year cycle; we finished two years into it entering the third year though it has many 
years to go. We continue to see steady demand growth across the markets. One of the interesting 
things that we track on a monthly basis, is the inventory overhang across each of the key markets, 
and that continues to reduce, so that is very interesting because this year is going to be a strong 
year we probably cross 5 lahks maybe even 5,50000 units but the inventory overhang continues 
to come down which is healthy for the industry, just as a comparison China in the best years had 
1 Crore homes so 20 times more homes were sold in China as a reference, so we have a huge 
amount of headroom to grow as a country, as a real estate industry. Typically, the industry 
contribution is 12% to 14% in more developed markets. India’s contribution from the Real Estate 
industry is roughly 7% to 8%, so we expect that contribution to go up significantly and the 
expectation from many sources is that from $250-$260 billion industry that it is today primarily 
residential will become a trillion dollar industry by 2030, just for reference China was $500 odd 
billion in 2009, China was $2 trillion in 2019 and there has been a lot of challenges with 
Evergrande and Country Garden since then, but it shows you the kind of size that you can expect 
in a country of China’s size or India’s size, it is a huge headroom for growth. We also see a lot of 
flight to quality that signifies that branded players listed players like us would benefit from the 
governance thresholds that have been put in place, the regulatory improvements, and statutory 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
norms that have been put in place will continue to leverage that to our advantage. So, flight to 
quality is a key part of how the industry is shaping so that is one quick first point on the industry. 
 
Coming to Mahindra Lifespaces on the sales side, especially on the residential side, we have 
achieved a quarterly pre-sale of INR 455 Crores versus last quarter to INR 399 Crores so some 
improvement there. On a half yearly basis we stood at INR 800 Crores for the first half of this 
year compared to H1 last year was INR 1,000 Crores. Important point to note here is that our H1 
FY2024 sustenance sales contributed more than 80% of this INR 800 Crores versus last year H1 
sales where we had reported pre-sales of INR 1,001 Crores with almost 80% coming from new 
launches, so the mix of is very different in this first half of this year and this fundamentally 
reaffirms the fact that strong brand coupled with solid on ground distribution and deeper relations 
with channel partner will keep us in good stead. As we get in H2 with a series of new launches 
planned ahead, in the last call I promised nine launches, we have done one in Q1, one in Q2 and 
then just in this October month we have done the third launch, but we have a series of launches 
planned later in the year. I will touch upon them but as I mentioned earlier, having a strong 
engine, distribution channel partner and brand allows us to capture not only sustenance sales but 
also the sales that come as a result of new launches, so stronger pipeline in plan. 
 
Let me touch upon the part three which is the launches, as I mentioned our first plotted 
development was launched at the end of Q1 in Chennai, we had never done a horizontal 
development before. We received a phenomenal response, it was launched at the end of June so 
most of the impact was only seen in Q2 of this financial year. We sold 85% of our inventory in 
the first three months, 244 plots out of 282. At the end of Q2, we launched phase three of our 
Happinest Tathawade project in Pune we are seeing very strong momentum, I will share more 
details in subsequent calls. We will see a fairly busy H2 in terms of launches, some of the 
launches were delayed because of statutory and regulatory requirements, some Supreme Court 
rulings about the RG area on mother earth etc., so they had deferred but we will expect code 
name Malgudi in Bengaluru very soon, Province in Kandivali, Happinest Kalyan2 Phase 2, 
Happiness Palghar2 phase 2.2 and Code name Navy which is a redevelopment project and then 
we might have a delay in one of the other redevelopment but to make it up we are fast-track two 
or three of other projects so that what we have committed to you in terms of launches, nine 
launches this financial year we should be able to achieve that without any problem. We also just 
last week did an industry first launch of our very exciting project that we know of Citadel phase 
2 was launched through Metaverse with pretty exciting new technology trends through 500 
drones that lit up the sky with a lot of exciting ways to understand the market, understand the 
customers and understand create a pull factor from the customers. It has been very well received 
by channel partners and customers alike, so we hope to see more such exciting things to come 
from MLDL in future launches as well. 
 
Let me cover the next part, which is part 4 business development. Continuing our business 
development upwards we continue to maintain a very healthy pipeline of INR 5000 to 6000 
Crores. Just to highlight a point around the Navy redevelopment project, we acquired the project 
in April of this year, we got all the documents in our hands end of April, but as of last Friday the 
development agreement has been signed by 170 flat owners, 135 plus registration was done on 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Friday itself. This is one of the fastest redevelopment bring to market effort that I have seen, and 
we are very thankful to the society members who also showed the speed that we want to 
demonstrate from our side and we hope to bring this to market in this financial year itself. We 
also want to highlight one of the acquisitions that did not happen exactly in Q2 or H2 it happened 
12 days later we acquired a land parcel of 5.4 acres in Wagholi, Pune which has a development 
potential of 1.5 million square foot saleable area. Pune continues to be a strong market for us and 
this acquisition gives us the opportunity to leverage our brand in the micro market that we were 
not present, so this will allow us to participate on the Eastern side of the Pune City area. We will 
see the launch of the same project in the next four to six weeks that is the speed we want to have 
for as many of our launches as much as possible. As we go forward the pipeline looks very 
strong, our much-awaited Thane land has been a phenomenal boost in development potential 
which I touched upon in the last call. We are in the process of getting a set of approvals that 
allow us to get us ready for a launch likely next financial year so that is on the business 
development side. 
 
Let me also quickly cover the final part from my side IC&IC business update. IC as you know is 
a lumpy business as anticipated we had a very strong H2 of last financial year and H1 of this was 
a little bit subdued because it is lumpy, it comes in waves but we are seeing a strong amount of 
domestic consumption, driven manufacturing, China plus one-related opportunities, so we see 
strong momentum, in fact we have a healthy pipeline of LOIs which we are in the process of 
converting slowly and steadily across all our world cities and origins, industrial clusters. A few 
approvals are awaited so that we can close those LOIs into the lease opportunities we will keep 
you updated. Most of that will happen in H2, I am hoping that when we talk next you will get to 
hear the momentum although lumpy in the IC business is getting converted into real opportunity 
that you will be able to see in the numbers that we put out, so that is on the IC side. Let me hand 
over to Vimal for the sixth part which is the financial part. 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Thanks Amit and good morning everyone. As you all know many of our key operating entities 
from the residential side and IC&IC side are not consolidated on a line-on-line basis. Moving on 
to the key numbers here, the consolidated total income stood at INR 25.7 Crores as against INR 
73.8 Crores in Q2 FY2023, the consolidated PAT after non-controlling interest stood at a loss of 
INR 19 Crores as against a loss of INR 7.7 Crores in Q2 FY2023. Your company has a debt of 
INR 291 Crores at a consolidated level, while cash in hand and bank balance including 
investments, is at INR 265 Crores, the cost of debt stood at 8.1% on consolidated basis, Our net 
operating cash flow without land-related outflows was INR 249 Crores in H1, reflecting the 
strong collections in the residential and IC part of our business. These are few of the key points. I 
now request that the floor can be open for questions from the participants please.  Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Adhidev Chattopadhyay from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Good morning everyone. Sir just to start on the launches, whatever launches we have planned for 
second half could you give us some quantification what is the cumulative GDV of the launches 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
you are planning just to clarify the redevelopment is on the Santa Cruz project right which you 
touched upon where the signing has happened that is the first question? 
Amit Sinha: 
Thanks Adhidev, let me clarify the second part quickly. The signing has happened for the Navy 
colony in Malad, where Santacruz is actually, we are working on it, it is two different societies 
amalgamations, and the process is slightly longer, so we are still trying to accelerate that but it is 
taking more time than we anticipated but the navy part is done. Navy was announced in April 
and we have done the registration as of last Friday, so hopefully that answers your second part of 
the question. Coming back to your first part of the question I think the GDV so we have initially 
planned nine launches, we have potentially two of those launches that may spill over to FY2025 
and one of them we just talked about Santa Cruz might just give the time it is taking to get the 
process done but we have three additional projects that we added to this year’s pipeline itself so 
that we should hopefully be able to not only meet nine but hopefully do more than nine as part of 
our launches this year. The total GDV from this that we are bringing into the market so let me 
just clarify Province will have an INR 2500 odd GDV but we are only bringing phase one of that 
launch in this financial year. Next phase 2 will be in the next financial year so if I add up all the 
phases that we have planned so not the whole project in this financial year it will be between INR 
2500 to 3500 Crores in GDV for this financial year based on the launches. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Sir Kandivali when do we see the launch happening it will be within this quarter or towards next 
quarter? 
Amit Sinha: 
This will likely get into the next quarter, given we also want to time it and make sure the market 
is also prepared well, so we are awaiting the approvals and as you know we had to redo a lot of 
things given some of the changes that happened, most of things are going in the right direction 
even though we might get approval this year which we are hopeful this quarter we want some 
time to warm up the market so my best guess is we want to do it in January rather than this 
quarter. I do not want to rush into it given it is such an important project for us. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Just two redevelopment projects so Malad may be launched this year itself and Santa Cruz next 
year right to understand correctly? 
Amit Sinha: 
Yes, maybe we are pushing the launch this year, Santacruz also we are trying to we have not 
given hope we are pushing hard but just knowing the process it might spill into next financial 
year. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: But this INR 2500 to 3500 Crores is a conservative guidance you are giving right, factoring in 
any delays or this is lower end upper end how should we look at it? 
Amit Sinha: 
This is a best guess that we have based on the launches we have, last year we did INR 1812 
Crores just for reference, so we have INR 2500 Crore guidance but launches versus sales 
conversion there is a ratio of which we will know depending on the success of the project. 
Adhidev Chattopadhyay: Sure. Fine Sir I will come back in the queue with more questions. All the best. 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, on business development you mentioned about INR 5000 to 
6000 Crore of pipeline and I think as per the plans that the company is having a 5x growth in five 
years I think every year we should be doing around INR 6,000 Crore of business development so 
how is it looking for this year we have already signed up one project in Pune but in second half 
will this traction be more positive and will we be achieving this INR 5,000 to 6,000 Crore of BD 
this year? 
Amit Sinha: 
Thanks Pritesh. I think just want to clarify one thing before I specifically answer the question this 
INR 5,000 to 6,000 Crore as I explained in the last call also excludes Thane, so we have not 
included Thane which has huge potential but we will target or get traction of the full FSI 
potential given it is a beautiful site, it has a lot of trees and greenery that we want to preserve. So 
we had talked about INR 8,000 Crore just from Thane, 50% residential, 50% commercial so that 
is not included in the number that you just mentioned and that I mentioned earlier. Since I came 
over, I think we put a huge amount of effort in the BD process completely given where the 
market is so a lot of discipline, a lot of efforts and outreach to get to see as many deals that are 
there in the market it is good that we are focused on MMR, Pune and Bengaluru so it allows us to 
understand the market sentiments and how the markets are shaping up really well, so we are on 
track in terms of the volume and the flow of deals that we are seeing, but I am also very careful 
about signing the deals that only makes sense to us because as the market is so hot the 
expectation of land owners in terms of pricing is very different. So I do not want to sign up a deal 
and then have the winners curse, I got the deal but when I bring them to the market a year or two 
years later they will face an unanticipated slowdown, so just being very careful and disciplined 
about how we triage through the deals, how we filter through the deal's economics and make sure 
that we signed the right deal that makes more sense for us in achieving our aspirations, so three 
points one is the Thane part was not included, second we see enough flow of the deals across 
these three markets that allows us to triage through and third is I want to be very careful on the 
deals in terms of economics so that we do not sign a deal that will cause winner’s curse. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Beyond Thane and Kandivali like deals, which are large in size you would be happy to get deals 
about INR 5,000 to 8000 Crore kind of deals additionally or for now, since you have Thane and 
Kandivali in place those large-size deals are largely out of our contention right now what is the 
strategy there? 
Amit Sinha: 
We have a good flow of large deals, medium size deals, we call it mega deals, Thane is a mega 
deal for us, we have category A, category B and category C and given the market we look for all 
kinds of deals that meet our thresholds. We do not want to do too many small deals and then we 
also do not want to be chasing deals that may not have the economic threshold that we are 
seeking so we are always trying to balance that, so as part of that we will be open to all kinds of 
deals as long as they make our economics and thresholds work. 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, got it. Just since you touched upon Thane and you mentioned about that project being ready 
for launch next year but has there been any clarification on how that 50:50 component is going to 
get developed whether it is supposed to be delivered together or whether it is supposed to start 
together any clarification on that. Also, could you touch upon Dahisar project as well, how is the 
status of approval there? 
Amit Sinha: 
Got it. Let me cover Thane first I think great question that is something we have to carefully plan 
for. The way the law tells us is that you can sell and construct asynchronously, so they can 
happen at any point of time but the OC part has to be joined together so I cannot deliver a single 
square foot of residential till I have delivered the equivalent square foot of commercial as part of 
the IITT policy, so even though I can sell earlier but I have to make sure that they get delivered 
and typically the commercial has a shorter construction two years versus four years for 
residential, we have to plan for that very carefully and that is why I think as I mentioned we are 
not only getting some approvals to make sure that we are fully ready but also we have 
commercial point of view we are thoughtful about working smartly with this constraint in mind I 
do not want to start something on resi until I have some clarity on commercial at least part of it. 
We will do it in phases so that we are not logged in a situation where our resi is ready but we 
cannot offer possession to our customers so that is on the Thane so that is part one. I think on part 
two on Dahisar we have not seen any major improvement in the clearances that were required for 
us to launch the project. That is why the next 30-60 days we will take a decision whether we 
want to consider including Dahisar or we want to drop it from our pipeline and see when it is 
ready and look at other projects also that may be more exciting from a timeline point of view and 
that may not require this kind of specific approval. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Jaipur last quarter 2000 odd acres somewhere around that now it is showing as 1900 acres and in 
terms of the SEZ part of that land that has been reduced by 70 acres so any specific reason for 
that reduction? 
Amit Sinha: 
Let me highlight two things, we have to always abide by the government rules, there are some 
tweaks that are happening from 65% to 67%, to 65% in terms of how much is leasable compared 
to the gross area so there is some adjustment that we always do based on the latest guidance that 
we get from the government and then we have some healthy SEZ pipeline also that we are 
tracking well. We are also looking for some denotification as there is more demand on the DTA 
side compared to SEZ but we will have to get the right approval before we can talk with a lot of 
confidence and as you know that DESH bill will help us as well as other SEZ entities to benefit 
from if that comes into so we are working with the government and industry bodies to explain 
how this should be done which is equitable for all the stakeholders involved. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, got it. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Upadhyay from O3 Portfolio 
Management Services. Please go ahead. 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Good morning. My first question was you have stated that the real estate market cycle is now in 
the third year of up move, we are seeing prices of residential flats, etc., move up or the end 
product and also the price of land has been increasing how are the basic assumptions like 
realization, saleable area and costs which are also increasing because of inflation changed in the 
assumptions what we are making for the projects or we are bidding for, can you elaborate on that 
and what does it mean for you, are we still in the spot that the end realizations are much ahead of 
the land prices and costs or you can say fine balance is moving on the other way, some idea all 
the three markets where we are focusing on? 
Vimal Agarwal: 
Couple of points from my side. One is so far as the realizations are concerned as you mentioned 
in the last call, we see a lot of discipline although the trajectory is upwards but it is not sort of 
obscene price increases which we are experiencing but it is in the positive sort of trajectory. Our 
land yes continues to be something which is a critical raw material for us and there is some 
hardening of prices which we are experiencing, at the same time sort of middle of the P&L cost 
lines which are there, last one-and-a-half years have been much better than what we saw post-
pandemic and to that extent from say our guardrail’s perspective, we are looking fairly strong 
across all projects which we are signing up for or the projects which are coming up for launches. 
Amit Sinha: 
Let me just add two more things and there are many more things that we can explain more in 
detail when we have more time. There are few things that we trying to do at our end, first is the 
size of the project, I think one of the question earlier, we should have the optimal mix of project 
and ideally the size of the project should go up so from a scale point of view if you are doing 
INR 500 Crores project, we should ideally go to INR 1,000 Crores project and INR 1500 Crores 
project, when you do scale projects automatically you have the ability to leverage a lot of 
common, overhead, fixed costs, etc., and that is something  we are consciously doing across all 
the three markets and have clear thresholds of what the right project looks like if it is smaller than 
that then there has to be very strong strategic reason, otherwise we should not do it because 
economically it will put some of the constraints that you just touched upon so that is one and then 
the second part on the cost side I think the volatility is a challenge in our business because our 
price gets locked upfront and costs we have to endure for the four years before we deliver, so it is 
extremely important for us to manage our cost of construction really smartly and one of the 
things that we have seen and we are trying to bring the manufacturing mindset into our project 
mindset, project operation, is how do these standardization so standardization of let us say 
apartment sizes, standardization of building layouts, standardization of MEP, standardization of 
parking lot, standardization of component, standardization of all the finishes and these are things 
that are typically seen at a very high level of sophistication and let us say manufacturing industry. 
In projects everything becomes bespoke and it is not industrialized at all so with the help of my 
colleagues especially Jitesh and Viral,  Jitesh leads design and Viral leads marketing we are 
saying that how do we standardize our product so much so that it allows us the efficiencies in the 
constructed area to the RNA area that you do not want to construct too much for the same 
amount of RNA which is where the selling happens, so these two things I just want to add to 
what Vimal said to make sure that we are able to one on the size of project we are increasingly 
trying to take it up and then the biggest driver of profitability is the ratio of RNA versus 
construction area how do we standardize and reduce and get the efficiencies on the cost side. 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Thanks for the detailed reply it was very helpful. Second thing was on it is slightly longer 
question can you give an idea of how is the capital allocation strategy evolving things because in 
our presentation on the ambitious goal slide we have stated that we are working on lot of six 
seven factors and what does it all mean and how does the bold ambition that you are elaborating 
does it mean on customer segments, products and what are becoming down with experience more 
no-go areas for us or we would have seen that these are the things which we used to do in 
historically, but I think the return ratios do not need for us that is one part and secondly how does 
the KRA changed and the organization structure or model change based on what you are trying to 
achieve and or the bottom how is this evolution impacting or positive development is happening 
let us say on the people front and capital allocation and just some thoughts on that will be 
helpful? 
Amit Sinha: 
You ask a great question, I am glad you touched upon it, I will try to be brief here because it is a 
question that requires a longer more detailed answer but let me just try to give a summary of both 
the points that you read. The aspiration that we have set up requires a very healthy GDV to be 
created over the next 4.5 years so anything between INR 40,000 to 50,000 Crores GDV needs to 
be there to support our 8 to 10K scale up that we have. Now the way to pursue this is very 
important that we do not do and this will be spread across let us say Mumbai, Pune as well as 
Bengaluru. The size of the project I touched upon earlier will be different like mega project 
category A, category B, category C but there is another important angle of the type of the deals is 
it a society redevelopment, is it a joint development or is it an outright purchase that we have, 
each of these things will have a different capital requirements because in case of let say the Navy 
we do not need to put capital till very late after the registration is done you do a little bit of 
marketing spend but now and then very quickly you can launch but when you are doing outright 
land purchase you have to make sure that you spend all the money upfront and then it takes 
anywhere from 9 to 12 months to bring those projects into the market, so those are the ways we 
estimate the size of capital required to support our growth aspirations but one of the fundamental 
principles that is required for us to commit to any of these is the financial returns, this is 
something that I have started to push internally that whatever you do Himanshu what happens is 
there is always a dilution of some from the cost point of view or some other reasons or IRR gets 
diluted because of time as well as let us say cost overrun and so how do we actually make sure 
that we factor that in our financial analysis when we do the underwriting for the P&L and that is 
the capital allocation is based on the principle of what is the theoretical IRR but also the realistic 
IRR when we finish the project. So, we are very careful and now disciplined about keeping both 
these into account as we plan for the project and that is non-negotiable because it is critical that 
what we say at the time of underwriting and what we deliver at the time of possession and reflect 
on economics needs to be very close to each other. Now to do that the second part of the question 
is your KRA in the past we had a very functional organization and in the last few months, we 
have started to change that. You will see in our investor presentation we have introduced the 
concept of a Chief Business Officer for even our residential business, for IC we have Raj who is 
our Chief Business Officer for industrial, but now we have Vimalendra Singh, he is the Chief 
Business Officer for residential, West and North and we have Ashwin as the Chief Business 
Officer for South, especially Bengaluru and we have a lot of projects in Chennai in our World 
City as well. This is critical because when you have end-to-end accountability what you say in 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
underwriting and what you deliver you have the full responsibility and this is also required from 
a scale up point of view because now they can have a regional org structure that allows us to 
work towards scaling let say Mumbai or Pune or Bengaluru specifically and beyond these 
changes in the organization we are also bringing people in to make sure that they are able to 
support our scale up aspiration just from a hands and legs perspective and the quality of support 
required, so I just wanted to keep it short I am happy to discuss in more detail but this is how we 
are thinking about the capital allocation and how we are thinking about the KRA and the 
organizational bandwidth required to support the scale-up. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Thanks, and one small thing Origins Ahmedabad is taking a lot more time than what was 
envisaged, any specific thoughts you have or what is the progress on that? 
Amin Sinha: 
We are either looking for a large anchor customer, we do not want to do a small 1 acre-2 acre 
deal or we also shared our aspiration to even exit that if you find the right buyer the thing that I 
do not want to do a fire sale. I think this land parcel is I would say moderately attractive it will 
become attractive in the next three to five years given how the utilization of other land parcels 
around that and even the competition from the government part but I do not want to do a fire sale 
because it has value and hopefully we will find the right partner right customer over the next few 
years so that is we are open to get an anchor customer largest or exit completely for the right but 
do not want to do a fire sale. 
Himanshu Upadhyay: 
Thank you from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus Securities Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my first question is on Kandivali launch so is it only the timing 
which we are looking or is it also dependent on some approvals which might come in? 
Amit Sinha: 
I think we are waiting for the normal set of approvals so it is not a question of if you are trying to 
say if Kandivali will get launched it is a question of when and this part of routine approval that 
we seek from all the relevant authorities so that is going on, as soon as those are clear including 
the RERA approval then we can launch and that seems we had to redesign our timelines a little 
bit given some of the changes that happened but right now we are looking good on those revised 
timelines. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir secondly in terms of the launches which you lined up say INR 2500 or 3000 Crores GDV and 
the way 1H has panned out fair to assume you will be crossing the INR 2300-2400 presales mark 
for this year? 
Amit Sinha: 
Pre-sales number we have not given for this financial year, we have given for next financial year 
INR 2,500 presales from residential and roughly INR 500 from next from the IC side that is for 
the next FY2025 and I will stay in those guardrails to talk about what we have planned for next 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
year. I will continue to update you on quarterly basis on how our pipeline is looking forward so 
you have a good comfort on how the business is scaling up. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
 Lastly on as far as our GDV of INR 5,000- 6,000 Crores is concerned can you break it in terms 
of Mumbai and specifically in terms of redevelopment? 
Amit Sinha: 
So let me just say that typically just the split wise I will give you overall split. My thumb rule is 
60-20-20; 60% from Mumbai 20% from Bengaluru and 20% from Pune that is the typical. The 
redevelopment part is something that I am constantly evaluating. They need to meet the guardrail 
that we have in terms of size, in terms of location, in terms of number of members in the society, 
the kind of other commercial returns that we can get from the fresh sales, all those are extremely 
important, but as we go forward, we also have the 60-20-20 split into vertical versus horizontal 
versus other models, but those are ways to provide returns to our shareholders I am always 
looking for is this a good project for us from a brand perspective, from a customer perspective 
and then does it provide commercial returns to our shareholders. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sure, and lastly any update on Origins Pune when can we see that coming into the pipeline? 
Amit Sinha: 
FY2025 will be launching Pune based on the latest estimates that we have. We had three issues 
there, one issue was about access road, we have made strong progress in the last quarter and the 
second issue is contiguity it is a Swiss Cheese problem so we are working with our partners there 
to make sure that the Swiss cheese problem is addressed and then there are certain approvals that 
we need to because some new rules came up with respect to afforestation, etc., that we are in the 
process of sorting out, so those are three things all of those are exciting. What is good about, we 
call it Origins Pune (OP) is that it is very close to Pune, the huge amount of interest that we are 
already seeing from prospective customers, and prospective investors, so hopefully as soon as we 
have solved all these three issues, we will be able to get the launch done in the shortest period of 
time. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Thanks and all the best. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ronald Siyoni from Sharekhan Ltd. Please go 
ahead. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
I have just one question with respect to Citadel Phase 2 launch if you can touch upon how the 
project response was there and what is the Phase 1, what kind of pricing did you see, whether 
have you seen any change in the footfalls or conversion ratios so just on the whole Citadel phase 
2 launch? 
Amit Sinha: 
So let me share a few things Ronald and let me just keep some more excitement for our next call, 
the reason is very important time for us, we launched it only like five days back October 25, 
2023, and it was a Metaverse and this drone show that we talked about. We have received lot of 
EOIs, the pricing is competitive, we have a very strong micro market understanding of who the 
competition is, what they offer and how can our price value equation is going to be stronger than 

 
  
 
 
 Mahindra Lifespace Developers Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
our competitors given us an extremely nice  location and as we had done very well in phase one, 
I think we want to take phase two to the next level, these are larger apartments three and four 
BHKs very well designed I must say and it is a premium offering that we are providing there so 
the market pricing is in line with the price value equation and the comparative information 
comparative set that we have, roughly I think close to 300 units have been launched as part of 
this and we will have more open up as we see the response but we are hoping for a super duper 
response from this. In the last five days itself we have seen very healthy EOIs already let me just 
stop at that, hopefully we will have more to share in the next call. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
On the footfall fronts like whether footfalls have been higher than previous launches or there has 
been some lower footfall so what kind of interest in terms of footfalls have been there? 
Amit Sinha: 
Early days because just one weekend we have had that to with Cricket World Cup going on so 
the footfalls are healthy, they are much stronger than what we saw in the past, this was much 
anticipated but I think I care more about conversion so I think the response from CP has been 
outstanding let me tell you that and if that is an indicator of how the presales will stack out I 
think we have good news in store for all of us. 
Ronald Siyoni: 
Thank you very much Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit 
Sinha for closing comments. 
Amit Sinha: 
Very good. Thank you to everybody all the participants I just want to thank all of your support 
listening to us but also supporting us from outside as we build our business, as we scale our 
business. As I touched upon the industry this is a purple patch for the industry, we have seen 
strong pre-sales momentum more on the sustenance side. Our launches are more of the launches 
that we had planned are happening in the H2 of this financial year and some of the large size 
launches are planned in this second half of this financial year. Our business development effort 
continues to be healthy and in line with our aspirations of scale-up that we talked about in the last 
quarter. IC&IC business a bit subdued in H1 but it is a lumpy business we will see the more LOIs 
that we have the pipeline that we have should get converted in the H2, so hoping we have more 
news to share on that front and the financials as you know we will continue to work on that, you 
will have the much better the financial details as we finish the financial given the lumpiness of 
this industry and the revenue information method that exists. Thanks a lot again for all your 
support and look forward to speaking again and best wishes to all of you for the Dussehra, 
Diwali and the festivity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you Sir. On behalf of Mahindra Lifespace Developers limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
