 
 
 
Redeϐining Business 
Service 
Updater Services Limited (earlier Updater Services Pvt Ltd)  
No.2/302/A, UDS Salai Off. Old Mahabalipuram Road Thoraipakkam, Chennai - 600 097 
+91 44 2446 3234 I 0333 I sales@uds.in I facility@uds.in I www.uds.in I 
CIN U74140TN2003PLC051955 
 
 
Our Values: happy people I clear purpose I better everyday I do good I balance all 
15TH November 2023 
To:
BSE Limited (BSE) 
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001 
 
BSE Scrip Code: 543996 
To:
National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400051 
 
NSE Code: UDS 
 
Dear Sir,  
Sub: Transcripts of the Earnings Conference Call held on November 8, 2023  
In conƟnuaƟon to our leƩer dated October 31, 2023, please ﬁnd enclosed the transcripts of the 
Earnings Conference Call held on November 8, 2023.  
We request you to take the same on record. 
This is for your informaƟon and records.  
 
Thanking you,  
Yours Faithfully, 
For Updater Services Limited 
 
 
B. Ravishankar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
 
RAVISHAN
KAR B
Digitally signed by 
RAVISHANKAR B 
Date: 2023.11.15 
17:46:41 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Updater Services Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Results Conference Call” 
November 08, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on November 8th, 2023 will prevail 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
1. MR. RAGHUNANDANA TANGIRALA -- PROMOTER, MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHAIRMAN -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
2. MR. BALAJI SWAMINATHAN, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
3. MR. AMITABH JAIPURIA -- NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR -- UPDATER SERVICES LIMITED 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Updater 
Services Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raghunandana Tangirala, Promoter, MD and Chairman 
from Updater Services Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Thank you. Good morning to all of you and welcome all of you for this conference -- for this 
call. I'd like to thank the entire investor community for this great support during our IPO and it's 
a great, proud moment for all of us. We want to convey our sincere appreciation to all the 
shareholders for entrusting their confidence in us. 
I have with me Amitabh Jaipuria, Non-Executive Director on the board of UDS. I have with me 
Balaji Swaminathan, CFO and the SGA team, our Investor Relations Advisors. I hope you all 
received the Investor's Deck, if not you can view them on the Stock Exchange or the company 
website. 
I would like to give you a small brief, this is the first time we are having this call, on the company 
and the plan forward. We started operations way back in 1990 as a piecemeal service provider 
like housekeeping or plumbing, catering, electrical. That was the humble beginning in 1990 
when this industry or this business was not as recognized as it is today. Very few players do this, 
at least very few organized players, hence we had an opportunity to actually be the pioneers in 
this space. 
Over the years, we have evolved into an integrated business services platform, present across 
the country in the sense of we could offer our services Pan-India, anywhere, and across industries 
and businesses and service lines. We were led by a great management team, all the great industry 
leaders in terms of experience in what we do across all the businesses. 
Also here I would want to just mention about over the last two decades, we have also had private 
equity, probably the first in this space, way back in 2005 or 2006. We had New Vernon, the first 
private equity those days in 2005 or 2006, and then after that, ICICI Ventures and Motilal after 
that. It is just these PE investments actually strengthen the company's operations, financial and 
internal controls, and kind of a great corporate governance and standards for the company. 
I want to give you a brief on what IFM does. IFM is the Integrated Facilities Management 
Services, and then I will go on to the other business services, which is part of the business 
services platform. IFM basically is soft services, which is basically cleaning and all other soft 
and support services. Then we have a production support services, which is basically assisting 
production lines, could be warehousing, could be metal handling, could be line operations. 
Then we have engineering services in IFM, which is basically the MEP services, which is the 
mechanical, electrical, plumbing, and water management. Then we have feminine hygiene 
services which is for the washrooms, which is basically a safe disposal of used sanitary napkins. 
We have warehouse management, which is end-to-end management of warehouse sites from 
goods received to goods out. And then we have food services, which is industrial catering. This 
is broadly the IFM space, which we service. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
In engineering services, I mean, the soft services would apply for any kind of facility, it could 
be IT park, it could be a manufacturing facility, it could be a stadium, it could be, I mean, any 
facility where it is soft services. Production support basically is for assisting and support of 
production services across any industry or any manufacturing. 
Engineering services basically is the back-end operations of the entire facility, which is power, 
power backup, fire systems, water management, access control, all this complete maintenance 
of our facility at the back-end, which is what we call it as engineering services. Warehouse 
management, as I told you, is the management of a warehouse where we are accountable from 
goods in, and then the goods received, so the goods out. Could be breaking bulk, building bulk, 
or complete management of our warehouse. 
Institutional catering is basically we do the food services or production and manufacture of food 
at the customer's place, largely in the manufacturing segment or in the education segment. This 
is largely the IFM space which we operate. Today we manage close to about 250 million square 
feet of space, and we employ in the IFM space about 55,000 odd people. This is the background 
of what is the IFM is today. 
Like I said, we moved into the business services segment. One reason was we wanted to have a 
larger business services platform which we could offer our customer more than one service. The 
second and more important was a higher value in terms of profitability. Hence, we moved way 
back in 2007 into mail room management where we acquired a company called Avon, which 
were market leaders then, and which are market leaders even today. 
What we do is the management of mail for a customer and the client in-house, complete the 
management of it in terms of courier, in terms of parcels, in terms of it. We have marquee 
customers there, and we have close to about 11% of market share in this space. Then we have 
the food services which we acquired, a Fusion Food Services, where they do industrial catering. 
Then we have Matrix, I'm sorry, food services going to IFM space, which I've already covered. 
In the business services space, we have a Matrix where they have two lines of business. One is 
the employee background verification services, which is straightforward verification of 
employee's background and systems in terms of past employment, criminal records, court 
records, education, all the different kinds of background checks for an employee. And also we 
have another line of business in matrix, which is the audit and assurance business. Basically, it's 
a supply chain or stock audit up to a retail audit. This is what we do in matrix. 
Then we have global flight handling, ground handling, which does the ground handling services 
today operational in five airports, including: Pune, Vizag, Patna, Raipur, and Surat. We have 
another 14 airports, which we have won the concession. This airport ground handling is a 10-
year concession, which we started last year. The other 14 would get operational in the next one, 
two quarters. In that, 14 airports, which are smaller airports, we have very high potential and 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
very interesting airports like Ayodhya and Tirupati. All these will come into operation in the 
next one or two quarters. 
The last piece is we have a sales enablement business in the business services space, which is 
one acquisition with Denave, which does B2B sales and sales lead generation for clients. In some 
cases, they complete the lead and in some cases, they pass on the lead. Their largest customer is 
Microsoft, and we have another piece, which is Athena, which actually acts as a sales arm, 
largely for the BFSI segment, where they do the B2B2C sales on the bank's database or the 
client's database, and then fulfill the sales lead. This is largely the sales enablement piece. 
I want to mention here in all the business segments I mentioned, which is the mailroom airport 
ground handling, the audit assurance, employee background verification and sales enablement, 
in all these segments, we are either number one, two, or three, when we acquired and also what 
we are today. So we've been market leaders in this space from the day we started. In the IFM 
space, we are number two, according to the industry report, in terms of as market leaders there. 
This is largely the business. 
I'd already mentioned about over the last two decades, we've had PE investment, which is 
actually has great internal controls and great corporate governance. Now, going forward, I would 
want to share what kind of plans we have. I'm constrained to give numbers, but I would definitely 
give you a kind of understanding of where we are and where we're going. 
One core plan or the strategy is to retain our existing customers and grow the customer base, and 
also sell and service more customer, more service lines or more business lines to the existing 
customers. And then the new products and new services which we have within the group is what 
we would want to cross sell, because today between all the group companies, we have close to 
what, 2,000, 2,500 our customers. So this, I would think, is a great opportunity for us to cross 
sell. 
And then also we would want to, as per what we have given in the prospectus, do an inorganic 
growth. Though we would not rush into doing something just for the sake of building bulk, but 
we definitely would do the inorganic growth along with what we want to grow our business 
organically. 
On the IPO funds, what we have done, we have repaid -- we had actually collected INR400 odd 
crores, and we had repaid debt, which is about INR133 crores, as of today is what was the debt. 
And this would help us reduce our finance cost going forward. So this is largely the business, 
and I put in a nutshell. I'm happy to answer whenever the Q&A starts and any of the doubts or 
clarifications you have. 
Just to conclude, I want to assure you that we are in a great business space, which has got high 
retention, high growth, and especially in general, that it is about 6 to 7%. And especially in 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
manufacturing, we have Make in India, then China Plus One. We see some immense opportunity 
in this space where we are.  
I would like to conclude now and then hand over to Balaji, who's our CFO, on the numbers for 
Q2 and H1. 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
Thanks, Raghu sir. So good morning, everyone. I'm Balaji here. I am the CFO for the UDS. So 
first, I will speak about the Q2 FY24 financials and the comparison that I'm mentioning is on 
year on year basis and consolidated basis. So total revenue from operations grew by 17% to 
INR6019 million. 
And adjusted EBITDA grew by 4% to 403 million. And when we say adjusted EBITDA, it 
excludes the ESOP cost and the fair value changes, which is basically a net, because in the results 
that we have published, the fair value changes are appearing in two places. The gain is shown as 
part of the income, which is there on the top. And the expense is shown as part of the expenses 
below. All right, so these are the two adjustments that are done to the adjusted EBITDA. 
In Q2 FY24, ESOP cost is 32 million. And for the year, we expect this to be closer to 110 million. 
And in Q2 FY24, fair value changes in liability payable or paid to promoters of acquired 
subsidiary is 57 million, which is net. So at a gross level, expense is about 89.83 million. And 
there is a gain of 32.63 million. The differential is 57.2 million. So that is what is the net impact 
because of the fair value change. 
And just to give an understanding on fair value change, so this is more the way the acquisitions 
that are done and we do a tranched acquisition. And when we do the acquisition, at that date of 
the acquisition, we take the majority stake and the balance stake is acquired over the next two to 
three years in multiple tranches. 
And we assess the value on the date of the acquisition based on the estimates how the business 
would do. And the liability is already taken care in the financial statements. If the subsidiaries 
tend to perform better or otherwise, then there would be a fair value change that would come in, 
and that has to necessarily pass to the P&L. And that is the reason why we see this year and this 
being relating to the acquisition related nature and not operational. So we are adding this amount. 
And by FY25, so today we have two subsidiaries where we have the commitment to acquire 
over the next couple of years. So Denave, we are at 77.7% today, including the holding through 
one of our subsidiaries as well, right? And this Denave would become 100% subsidiary by FY25. 
And Athena is the other subsidiary where we own 57% today, and we have a commitment to 
buy the balance. And that would become 100% subsidiary by FY27.  
Adjusted PAT for Q2 FY24 stood at 197 million. And cash PAT grew by 2% to 318 million. 
And coming to H1 FY24 financials, total revenue from operations grew by 19% to 11,796 
million. Adjusted EBITDA grew by 7% to 804 million. In H1 FY24, ESOP cost, which is an 
adjustment as I mentioned earlier, is 60 million. And the H1 FY24 fair value change is 89 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
million, right? So this is the net number that I'm talking. And similarly, the adjusted PAT stood 
at 399 million in H1 FY24. And cash PAT grew by 1% to 632 million in H1 FY24. 
Adjusted ROCE on an annualized basis stood at 24.4%. And at present, including because on 
30th September, we have done the allotment of shares. And because of which, the whatever 
money that has come in from the public issue has been recognized and the payables have also 
been recognized in the same way. 
And we are a net cash company as of 30th September including the IPO funds that have come 
in. So the net debt to equity stood at negative 0.44X as on 30th September, 2023. 
So with this, I think we can open the floor for question and answer session. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: We have Amitabh to sum it up by then Amitabh, could you please stay on? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Yes, So thank you very much to all our investors for their support during the IPO, as Raghu 
mentioned. And for now on this investor call, and we hope over the next few quarters, you will 
see that your faith that you have reposed in the UDS management and in the company is very 
well placed. And we expect to exceed your expectations in the next few quarters. 
On this, as Balaji mentioned, the basic highlights really are the revenue growth. And especially 
in IFM, we will see the numbers. The IFM revenue growth is quite substantial. And that's one 
of the segments, one of the major segments that we operate in. So that's a very, very good news 
number. And also there is growth in terms of EBITDA and in terms of PAT. There are, of course, 
the issues around ESOPs valuation and the charge to the P&L and the fair value change that 
Balaji explained. 
So but operationally, we are in a very strong place. But there are some headwinds in two 
businesses, which we will speak more in detail. As we are all aware, there is headwinds in the 
IT space, IT, ITES. Hiring has slowed down dramatically in these two spaces. And what we are 
also seeing is that there are reports now which say that the IT majors will end the year flat over 
last year with zero addition to headcount. This is an unprecedented situation. And our EBGC 
business, which is the employee background verification business, has a direct linkage to IT 
hiring. 
And we will see and we'll present to you what mitigation plans we have to reduce our dependence 
on the IT space. So in the EBGC space, there has been a slowdown, which has impacted our H1 
numbers to an extent. 
The other place, which is also linked to the tapering of COVID, and which we had explained to 
many of you who attended our IPO roadshows, that there was a unique opportunity to create 
some revenue and EBITDA during the COVID period and during the tapering off of the COVID 
period in our Avon business, and which also now has fully played out. And therefore, now what 
we have is our Avon business is also a steady state business. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So between these two, but if you exclude these two lines of business, which are not very material, 
but they have impacted our results, the other lines of business have done well. And we will 
explain that as we get asked questions. 
So glad to be here and open for questions now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have a first question from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors, LLP. Please 
go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Good morning, team. Thank you for the opening remarks, which were quite useful for us to get 
a complete understanding of what these businesses are all about. The question I had was that 
when I look at cost of services and other raw material lines, which is on page seven of your 
presentation, on a year-on-year basis, that line has gone up by 40%, whereas your revenue 
growth is just 17%. 
And you know, while we adjusted EBITDA etc., it's fine. This is the line which is causing a 
significant pressure on what I would call the operating adjusted EBITDA number. And this is in 
spite of the fact that your BSS revenues on a year-on-year basis for the quarter have grown quite 
well. And that is apparently, you know, the more profitable business. So obviously there some 
things I'm not getting there. So if you could help me understand this, that would be very good?  
Balaji Swaminathan: 
So this is Balaji here. So the cost of services is more related to the sales enablement business, 
the Denave business that we acquired, right? So for them, because considering the nature of the 
business, the employee cost, the supervision cost that is required to handle that business is shown 
as part of cost of services, right? 
So that is the reason when you look at it year-on-year, because Denave was a full year 
consolidation in FY23. And that's a business which is significantly growing as well, right? So 
that is the reason why you see that increase. That should be seen in relation only to the Denave 
business. So if I look at Denave numbers, so it has moved from INR94 crores in Q1 FY24, right, 
to INR111 crores. So that is a significant jump. 
And in relation to that, the cost of services has also gone up, right? So in that sense, I do not see 
that impacting the profitability, but it should be more seen towards that particular business.  
Ashwini Agarwal:  
So are you telling me Denave numbers are not there in this Q2 FY23 base number? 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
Base number, it is there. So basically, we acquired them in October 21, right? So historically, if 
you look at it, prior to FY22, we will not have cost of services being reported separately. And 
from FY22, for the partial year that we consolidated and full year of FY23, we have Denave 
numbers. So growth in that business is also significant. So that is the reason why you are seeing 
the kind of increase in the numbers as well. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
What is the EBITDA margin for the Denave business? 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
Denave business EBITDA margin will be closer to about 8% to 9%. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
No, but that does not make sense. Because if you are saying that your revenue grew 17%, right? 
But your cost of services grew by 40%. And in the base period, you have Denave and in the 
current period, you have Denave. And Denave is a higher margin business and this cost increase 
doesn't make sense? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
May I step in here? Denave has a set of businesses, right? A set of products, rather. So they have 
some products which are more cost intensive. And there are some products where the margins 
are higher. So the Denave margin that you see that Balaji is referring to, which is the 8% to 9%, 
that's at the aggregated Denave company entity level. But there are product lines in there. So the 
product mix has shifted a bit. And that is why you see the difference. 
We do expect that as we go forward, it will revert to what we had earlier, because this is a 
seasonal shift. What tends to happen is that in the festive season, etcetera, the more cost intensive 
lines of businesses, the products, they tend to peak a little bit. So that is what has happened. 
So going forward, we do expect the mix to shift back a little bit, may not fully, but we do expect 
it to shift back. I hope that explains. 
Ashwini Agarwal:  
So which lines of business are festive oriented? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
So I'll explain. So there is one line of business, which is the field marketing services, where we 
basically provide retail manpower to people for their retail activation, as it is called. So here, the 
margins are slimmer. On the other hand, the kind of services we provide to Microsoft, and to 
Lenovo, and to many of the others, those are not field activation services, but they are more tilted 
towards the lead generation, tele sales, and those kinds of activities, which are the much higher 
margin products. So the more manpower intensive products are really where the cost of service 
is higher in relation to revenue. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Okay, so you're telling me that because of the festive season, in Q2, fiscal 24, you had a lot more 
of field activation activity, which is why the Denave margins have gone down on a year-on-year 
basis, Q2 fiscal 24 over Q2 fiscal 23? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
The product mix has shifted. Yes, product mix has shifted. The festive piece is one part of the 
reason. There are other shifts as well. But basically, there are five products that we have over 
there. One of them is the retail activation piece. So when the retail activation piece goes up, then 
what tends to happen is that the cost of service tends to increase. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
My second question is on ESOPs. You said that the ESOP cost for fiscal 24 is going to be about 
INR11 crores. Could you just guide us as to what this number is going to be for fiscal 25-26? 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
25-26, this number should come down because the way the ESOP accounting is, it gets front-
ended because all the tranches will have to spread from day one. So from a number perspective, 
this should be closer to about INR6 crores, INR7 crores in FY25. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And further lower in fiscal 26? 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
That's right. And the current scheme ends there. And of course, ESOP is something that we also 
need to look at as a strategy for the employee retention. So that is one of the tools that we utilize 
as well. So for the current tranches that we have, this is the kind of charge that would come into 
the P&L. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And may I ask, what could be the ESOP pricing strategy for future issuance? Would that be 
closer to market price or that would also be at par? What are you thinking? 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
No, historically, we have been using for the current tranche that we are talking is also closer to 
the market price is at that time based on the valuation that we have done is done. So we have not 
given a par to go forward also, I think the similar strategy we could do, but what kind of a 
discount that we need to give it to the employees from the market price is something that we 
would take a call through the NRC and the board at that point of time. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
See, if I can, again, just add a comment here. There are two things that are happening here. One 
is that in general, the idea is that the management compensation in ESOP is a part of management 
compensation should be aligned with -- the incentives should be aligned with our investor 
incentives. So therefore, the kind of discounts that have been given to employees in this largest 
round of ESOPs is actually zero, because we issued shares at INR300. The ESOP pricing is very, 
very close to that. 
So and going forward also incentives will be aligned because we believe that's part of ethical 
governance. The other part is that in some cases to attract talent, if there is a different scheme 
that is announced, then there will be a clear rational and in any case, all shareholders vote on 
ESOP plans. So but our theory in general has been to align incentives with all stakeholders, 
which primarily includes my investors. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Kirti Jain from Bandhan AMC. 
Kirti Jain: 
My question is with regard to over the next three years, what is the kind of growth do you see 
for our company? And what is the sort of mission you have for our company? If you can 
enlighten investor community, that would be great. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: I think that like what we've been doing in the roadshows, I'm a little constrained to give you real 
numbers. But we  are certainwe would grow across top line revenue and PAT at about 20%. 
That's the plan over the next two years. And that's what we've done as you compare to last year 
to this year on the reported numbers. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
I can just add to that, you know, we have a good mix of businesses. And therefore we are able 
to manage our risk. So if there is a downturn, like we have seen in the EBGC business this year, 
you know, in H1 we are seeing that and to an extent in Avon. But what this means is that the 
other businesses have taken up the slack and we have still delivered the kind of growth that 
Raghu has talked about. So that's part of our portfolio management of the businesses that we 
have. So the number that Raghu has indicated is the number that we feel reasonably comfortable. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Atul Mehra from Motilal Oswal Asset Management. 
Atul Mehra: 
Yes, good morning and thanks for the opportunity. So just extending on the previous question. 
So basically, we did about INR80 crores, INR85 crores of adjusted PAT last year. So would we 
be confident of doing 20% plus growth on that for the current financial year, given what you just 
said?  
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, that would be close to INR100 odd crores? 
Atul Mehra: 
So basically, for the current year, we can look at about INR100 crores of adjusted profits. 
Raghunandana Tangirala:  Yes, that's for March 24. 
Atul Mehra: 
March 24. And, sir, given these adjustments that we have on Plain Value and ESOP, so on a 
reported basis, this can lead to basically about INR20 crores, INR25 crores of in terms of 
difference between adjusted and reported back? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, it could be closer to INR70 crores of reported PAT and INR100 odd crores of adjusted PAT. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
I do want to say that this is not formal guidance that we are issuing. So that is something that we 
should clearly align on. This is not formal guidance. But yes, this is indicative because we have 
just listed. So formal guidance, we will start issuing at a later date, not in this call.  
Raghunandana Tangirala:  No, absolutely. I'm just going by whatever we have numbers for H1. And we're just extrapolating 
that. You are absolutely right. It's not a formal guidance. But we are confident of these numbers 
because we are almost at the end of Q3. 
Atul Mehra: 
And, sir, secondly, going forward to the next financial year, given we have the IPO proceeds 
and so on and so forth, and I would expect there would be a margin improvement as well in the 
next financial year. So next financial year, should we be closer to INR140 crores, INR150 crores 
in terms of adjusted PAT? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Those are your numbers. 
Raghunandana Tangirala:  No, I think they are your numbers. But definitely that's our plan. Probably even exceed that. But 
they are your numbers. But definitely that is the plan. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Atul Mehra: 
Right. And just on the similar note, in terms of first half, we have seen a margin deterioration. 
So what are the signs that you're seeing on the margin front currently? Are you seeing any signs 
you're already seeing margin improvement happening in the second half of the year? If you can 
guide a little bit on the margin front? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, Balaji, margin will definitely going to cross. That's why H1, H2 would be… 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
When we look at H1, FY23 versus H1, FY22 on adjusted basis, on 7.6% adjusted EBITDA has 
come to 6.8%. Right? So this is primarily, I think, two things that Amitabh mentioned earlier. 
So one is the matrix impact that is having and similarly, the Avon, which was there at that time. 
So when you look at quarter on quarter, it is more or less similar, 6.9 and 6.7. And either, I would 
say the marginal decline of 0.2 is mainly because of the IPO expenses to the extent of about 80 
lakhs which have been debited into Q2, which we have not called out as an adjustment, which 
is just part of the numbers that are reported. 
So that way, I think the 7% is something which would continue to further. It will not go down. 
And of course, there is only an upside when the IT's recruitment goes up. 
Atul Mehra: 
Got it. And one final question in terms of whether inorganic, what are the spaces that you are 
looking at, at this point in time? Will it be more in the sales enablement or if you can talk a little 
bit about what are the target areas from an organic perspective going forward? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
So, you know, like we said during the IPO, we have three basic platforms, right? And we have 
three niche businesses. So the three basic platforms are IFM, they are Audit and Assurance and 
they are Sales Enablement. So Sales Enablement and Audit and Assurance clearly is part of the 
BSS vertical. And that is where we expect most of our acquisitions to happen. The IFM is not 
an acquisition-led platform. IFM is a platform that we have built from scratch. And we expect 
that to continue. We do not need any acquisitions in that space. 
As far as the Sales Enablement and Audit and Assurance spaces are concerned, we like those 
spaces. Margins are good in many product lines over there. They are more tech-oriented and 
they are far more defensible because the kind of relationships and the value that you add to 
customers is far, far higher. So those are the spaces that interest us. 
Within Audit and Assurance, the areas of certification, testing, those kinds of areas which are 
pure value-add services, those are the kind of areas that interest us. So margin-accretive is what 
we have said. We have also talked about our model of acquisition and the theory that underlines 
that. And that is exactly what we will continue to pursue. So they will have to be margin-
accretive. They will have to be synergistic to what we do. They will have to be such that we are 
able to cross-sell to our existing customer base. 
And they are something where we are very comfortable with the promoter who runs those 
businesses because our model is that the promoter then becomes part of the UDS management 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
family and basically helps run the group. So those are the aspects that we will continue to look 
at. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Rahul Bangaria from Lucky Investment Managers. 
Rahul Bangaria: 
Thank you for taking my question, sir. This question has already been kind of partly discussed 
and addressed before. But we have multiple businesses, multiple moving parts, quarterly 
volatility within those businesses. So while we have seen our top line grow over the last five, six 
quarters, the adjusted EBITDA number is around that INR40 crore mark plus minus 5%. Where 
do you see, as a management, where do you see this EBITDA margin go over the next, let's say, 
one to two years, maybe even three years? How do you look at it? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Raghu, Balaji, you all want to go first? I have some thoughts which I will share. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: I think Amitabh will do that and then I'll add on to that. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Okay. So see, the way we are looking at it is that Balaji has already talked about the fact that our 
margins, we expect they have, you know, stabilized and they can only go up from here, right, 
both in terms of product mix, business mix, as well as in terms of overall cost management. So 
these three levers will ensure that. 
So now if you're growing revenue at 20% plus, right, or strong revenue growth, that will translate 
to strong EBITDA growth as well. And as far as the translation is concerned, the adjustments 
that have been there, which is this INR20 crores, INR25 crores that's been the adjustment 
because of ESOPs and because of fair value accounting, both of those forces are sort of running 
their course. So therefore, these are not longer term forces that are going to keep appearing. 
And because going forward also our acquisitions now, as part of the objects, we have talked 
about the fact that we have INR80 crores odd, right, for acquisitions. So we don't expect the 
acquisitions to be, very, very large acquisitions, which then become difficult, etc. So that's 
anyway not part of our strategy, right? 
So therefore, margins will improve, that is we have talked about. We've also talked about the 
fact that revenues growth will be strong. And therefore, we believe that translation will happen. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Right. Yes. Just to add to that, this is what I answered earlier. We would definitely target plan 
and are confident to do a 20% year on year since you asked what we'll be looking at the next 
two years. 20% and what we have done in March 23, we will do a 20% across PAT or across 
revenue over the next two years. That's the plan. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Again, not formal guidance. 
Moderator: 
We have a question from the line of Aasim from DAM Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Aasim: 
Yes, congratulations on your IPO and successful listing. I have two related questions. So firstly, 
can you just talk about how the receivable cycle will trend from current levels over the next two 
years and what that should do the ROCE level? And also, if you can break down the receivables 
and ROCE profile for both IFM and the business services segments? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Yes, sure. Balaji can you just take on the ROCE and the receivable? What is the current and 
what will be like next year? 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
Yes, the receivable profile, if you look at it pretty much on both IFM and BSS, it remains more 
or less similar, barring one or two businesses where the collection is slightly much earlier. When 
we look at the sales enablement part. Overall, we expect the receivables to be closer to about 85, 
86 days kind of a number that we have. And similarly, what we have given the prospectors also 
how it is going to move forward. 
With the business going in, we would expect a decline of about maybe about three or four days 
that we could save on the receivable part. So, that is where we see an efficiency that would come 
in. But again, most of the clients now, we do not have unlike other businesses like staffing, we 
do not have collection phase. So, it's all pay and collect that we follow. So, that is on the 
receivable part. 
Coming on to the ROCE, so we look at ROCE at a total level because the capital employed also 
includes the money that we have paid for the acquisitions. So, that way, splitting it into two 
separate businesses and looking at it might be different from what I have paid for acquisition 
because there is a lot of intangible that is also sitting which is forming part of the capital 
employed that I need to allocate and then look at it. So, then it would vitiate. 
Either, what I should do without having these acquisitions, I should look at pure on an 
operational basis, but that may not be the right way to look at it because capital has been 
employed towards that. So, at a company level -- so for H2 annualized, if you look at it, we are 
at 24.4% is the ROCE that we have reported. 
Aasim: 
Got it. So, I saw the H1 ROCE in the presentation that adjusted for ESOP cost, ESOP and the 
M&A fair value thing. 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
That's right.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thank you so much. So, I just wanted to ask about the current environment in the facility 
management business. Two of your peers have reported over the past few weeks, both indicated 
that they are kind of doing account rationalization to improve profitability in the space. And 
hence, the growth has moderated a bit. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Even your growth this quarter was in single digits. So, can you just help us understand what is 
really going on in the space? Should we expect growth to accelerate as especially technology 
companies see people come back to office? And how should we look at the profitability in the 
facility management business this year? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Yes. Raghu, you want to take that or should I? 
Raghunandana Tangirala: You can. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Yes. So, Mukul, great question. So, there are two things that are happening here and they're 
slightly contradictory forces that we are seeing. But so, one clearly is that people are getting 
back to office, there is a strong demand for office space. In fact, it's accelerating as we are seeing 
from the realty numbers that get published by the industry. 
So, and there is strong absorption of realty. You're also seeing the GCCs that are coming in. So, 
even though there is a slowdown in the IT sector in terms of hiring, but the demand for A-grade 
office space continues to be very strong. Demand for warehousing space and industrial space is 
accelerating. Those are the areas that we are strongest in. 
So, one is that there is strong demand. So, therefore, we expect that the facility management 
business should continue to grow. That is one part of it in terms of volume. The other part of it 
in terms of account rationalization that some of our peers may have, you know, may have 
announced. 
See, I mean, each one of us follows, of course, our own strategy, but our customer portfolio, 
right, is a balanced portfolio. So, we have some very large customers. You know, we've talked 
about our customer concentration numbers. They are available, right? So, we have some very 
large customers like Microsoft, like P&G and some of the others. We also have customers that 
are smaller. So, we balance the two because they are required, because the smaller customers 
actually get grown, right? They have the maximum potential to grow. So, that is one part of it. 
Second part of it is that many smaller customers also tend to be slightly higher margin 
businesses, upfront. Of course, there is a cost of service, but they tend to be slightly higher 
margin. So, there is a balance that you do in terms of what you can service profitably and what 
you cannot service profitably. We constantly do this. 
So, we don't do this on an annual basis or whatever. This is a constant exercise that the team 
does in terms of balancing its customer portfolio from the perspective of profitability and from 
the perspective of our ability to serve that customer. So, I hope that answers your question. 
Mukul Garg: 
Right. So, Amitabh, just to follow up on that, when you look at the growth this quarter in IFM, 
it kind of felt a bit muted. Was it something, which we should kind of think about for the year 
ahead or was there some seasonality? 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
So, I wouldn't extrapolate this to the year, you know, and I would wait for two quarters to see if 
it actually solidifies into a bit of a trend. Right now, we don't see reasons to believe that it's a 
longer-term trend. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Amitabh, I just want to add here that this question is very specific for Q1, Q2. We have taken a 
conscious call. We had at the beginning of this year, close to about 6% of our business or revenue 
top line was from government business, in the sense, directly government business, which was 
close to about 6%. 
This last quarter, I mean, partially and the second quarter partially, we have exited those 
government business. Today, our government business stands at about 3% or less than 3%. So, 
our strategy is to completely be out of government business. So, these two quarters, the growth 
is almost negligible or less than 1%. But going forward, the next two quarters, we will catch up 
and overall year growth, if you look at last year, that is FY23 to FY24, we would still flop close 
to that 17%, 18% growth. 
Overall, I'm doing FY23 to FY24, we do have 16%, 17%. Whereas our target is 20%, but that 
20% is across all businesses, which we will do that. So, this is specifically us, we have exited 
certain businesses in Q1 and Q2, partially in Q1, partially in Q2. So, this will make it up, but at 
the end of the year, so this is something which you should look at it as a small aberration for 
these two quarters. But if you look at FY23 to FY24 revenue-wise, we will do that 17%. And 
we will maintain that between 4.5% to 5% of EBITDA. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
So, Mukul, to your point, our account rationalization is in a different direction, as Raghu just 
mentioned, which is more of government piece of it, but not related to a slowdown in the overall 
FM Market. At least that's not the case. 
Mukul Garg: 
But ideally, the outcome would be a better profitability, I'm assuming, like your peers have also 
indicated. So, that would ideally help you report a better margin profile going forward? 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
That depends on specific accounts. So, but yes, that could be an expectation. But that would 
depend on specific accounts, because some government accounts are not necessarily low margin. 
We exit them because of other reasons also.  
Raghunandana Tangirala: That's right. I think what we will do is to look at H1 as a standalone IFM, since you're asking 
standalone IFM. I think we did about 4.5%, or between 4.25% to 4.5% -- 4.9%. So, we maintain 
between 4.5% to 5% for the full year. If you can look at H1 numbers, we would continue or 
slightly improve on that.  
Now, if you compare that with peers, which you said already in the beginning, I don't know how 
they will fare. But we still think we are industry leaders in this IFM space in terms of 
profitability, and in terms of, I mean, in terms of profitability, at least. 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Mukul Garg: 
Sure. No, that's really helpful. You know, coming to BSS, it would be great if you can just give 
some color of the different moving parts there, and how you are seeing the key businesses play 
out in the near term? 
Balaji Swaminathan: 
Yes, okay. I'll go first. So, Mukul, we see IFM continuing on its positive note, and we have 
talked about the fact that we see market growing, and we see our business growing. So, that's on 
a positive piece. Our other main platform, sales enablement, there again, we are confident that 
we are seeing good momentum, both in customer acquisition, as well as in terms of customer 
retention and our volume growth. There is a product shift, of course, that we spoke about earlier. 
The third platform that we have, A&A is doing very well, and strong customer acquisitions and 
strong growth in the accounts. So, A&A is doing very well. Then that brings us to our three 
niche businesses. Employee background verification is a niche business. And in that business, 
we have already talked about the fact that there are headwinds. What we are doing there is to 
shift our focus from the IT, ITES, to also the BFSI segment, which is a large employer of people 
as well. 
So, and we expect that move to start paying off even as the IT industry starts recovering a bit in 
terms of hiring. So, we do believe that we have probably hit rock bottom as far as the EBGC 
business is concerned, because the hiring has probably hit rock bottom. It can only go up from 
here. So, that's on EBGC. 
The other niche business that we have is the airport ground handling business. There, Raghu has 
already given commentary in the beginning to say that our newer airports should come online. 
And as they start coming online, the revenue and the profit margins, the EBITDA margins will 
clearly start looking up. So, that's the second niche business that we have. 
The third niche business that we have is the mailroom management business, Avon. And there 
again, the bump that we got because of the COVID asset movement business, that has tapered 
off. We are now at a level which we believe is a sustainable level, but this is not going to be a 
high growth area for us. So, the higher growth areas are the three core platforms, which is IFM 
as a platform, Auditor Assurance as a platform, Sales Enablement as a platform. Those are the 
three core platforms in the business. And that's the commentary around each of those six. These 
three platforms plus these three niche businesses. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Raghunandana Tangirala: Thank you, all of you. Really been a great pleasure talking to all of you. This has been our first 
call since about a month back. I'm really grateful to all of you for participating and look forward 
to your support. Amitabh, I would request you to close it. 
Amitabh Jaipuria: 
Thank you, Raghu. So, thank you very much to all the investors for being on the call today. And 
we are deeply appreciative of your faith in us and in the management's capability to execute this 

 
 
Updater Services Limited
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
strategy, which we have articulated. We believe that faith is very, very well placed and we expect 
that we will not only meet but expect to surpass your expectations. And we will continue to 
govern the company with the highest ethical standards of governance that we have displayed in 
the past and that we expect to continue to display well into the future. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Updater Services Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
