 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 6, 2023 
 
To 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Corporate Relationship Dept. 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
 
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400 001 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
 
 
 
Scrip Code: 500214  
 
 
 
Symbol: IONEXCHANG 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Submission of Transcript for conference call under the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Pursuant to our letter dated October 23, 2023, we enclose herewith communication relating to 
conference call as per Regulation 30(6) read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation, 2015. 
 
The said conference call with the Institutional Investor/Analyst held on Tuesday, 31st October, 
2023 was to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the second quarter and half 
year ended September 30, 2023. The aforesaid information is also disclosed on website of the 
company i.e. www.ionexchangeglobal.com  
 
Kindly take the information on your record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Ion Exchange (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Milind Puranik 
Company Secretary 
 
 
MILIND DATTATRAYA 
PURANIK
Digitally signed by MILIND 
DATTATRAYA PURANIK 
Date: 2023.11.06 12:31:39 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
Ion Exchange India Limited  
Earnings Conference Call  
October 31, 2023 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Ion Exchange India 
Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem 
Advisors. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sonpal. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to 
you all. My name is Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We 
represent the Investor Relations of Ion Exchange India Limited. On 
behalf of the Company, I'd like to thank you all for participating in the 
Company's earnings call for the second quarter and first half of the 
Financial Year 2024.  
 
Before we begin, let me mention a short question statement. Some of 
the statements made in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in 
nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks and 
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from those 
anticipated. Such statements are based on management's beliefs as well 
as assumptions made by and information currently available to 
management.  
 
Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue reliance on these 
forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The 
purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring 
awareness about the Company's fundamental business and financial 
quarter under review.  

 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Let me now introduce you to the management participating with us in 
today's earnings call and hand it over to them for opening remarks. We 
have with us Mr. Aankur Patni – Executive Director, Mr. N.M 
Ranadive – Group Head of Financial Planning and Risk Management,       
Mr. Vasant Naik – Group Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Milind 
Puranik – Company Secretary. Without any further delay, I request Mr. 
Vasant Naik to start with his opening remarks. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Vasant Naik: 
Thank you, Anuj. Good afternoon, everybody. It is a pleasure to 
welcome you to the earnings conference call for the second quarter and 
first half of the Financial Year 2024. For Q2 Financial Year 24 on a 
consolidated basis, the Company reported an operating income of INR 
5,330 million, an increase of around 19% year-on-year.  
 
EBITDA was reported at INR 604 million an increase of around 13% 
year-on-year and the EBITDA margin stood at 11.33% with a net 
profit of INR 424 million an increase of around 10% year-on-year. The 
PAT margin stood at around 7.95%. For the first half of Financial Year 
2024, on a consolidated basis, the Company reported an operating 
income of INR 10,122 million, an increase of around 22% year-on-
year. 
 
The EBITDA was reported at INR 1,092 million, an increase of around 
27% year-on-year. The EBITDA margins stood at 10.79% and net 
profit was at INR 757 million, an increase of 14.5% year-on-year with 
the PAT margin standing at 7.48%.  
 
In the engineering division, the revenue for the quarter was INR 3,139 
million, an increase of around 22% year-on-year. The EBIT for this 
segment was INR 194 million, a growth of 7% year-on-year. The 
segment continues to witness a healthy order flow of medium size jobs. 
The enquiry bank remains robust with some large value opportunities 
in the advanced stages of bidding.  
 
The engineering segment recorded improved volumes in the second 
quarter on the back of a healthy order backlog. The execution of the 

 
Page 3 of 22 
large EPC jobs, including the UP Jal Nigam order is expected to 
further pick up pace in the second half of the year. 
 
Regarding the Sri Lanka order, the work continues albeit at a limited 
space and we are targeting project closure by financial year 23-24 end. 
As regards the chemical segment, the revenue for the quarter stood at 
INR 1,762 million, an increase of 10% year-on-year, and EBIT stood 
at INR 423 million representing a growth of 12% year-on-year. The 
margins remained healthy and were maintained at previous quarter 
levels.  
 
We continue to monitor the impending threat of input price increases 
due to uncertainties in the global geopolitical situation. In the 
Consumer Division segment, the revenue for the quarter was INR 576 
million, an increase of 27% year-on-year. The segment has sustained 
the growth witnessed in the past few quarters.  
 
The Company's merger application is in respect of its Indian subsidiary 
companies with the parent holding Company have been filed with the 
competent authorities and the same are under process. 
With this, I conclude the opening remarks and we can now open the 
floor to the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. We'll take the first question from the line of Akshat Mehta 
from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta: 
My question was that if you can just help us understand the reasons for 
slower execution in first half of the year in the engineering segment 
and why the margins also compared to a year-on-year basis for quarter 
2 have also been lower? 
Management: 
Yes, Akshat I got your question. You were talking about a slower pace 
of execution in the engineering segment visa vis-a-vis the order book. 
Akshat Mehta: 
Yes. 

 
Page 4 of 22 
Management: 
While we are continuing to work towards steady execution of the 
larger contracts in our order book, the pace of execution in a couple of 
them has been slower than what we had expected. There are some 
continuing procedural delays as far as the UP contract is concerned. 
However, as Vasant mentioned in his opening remarks, we do expect 
that the pace will pick up substantially in the second half of the year.  
 
With regard to the large EPC contracts, there have been some delays 
on the engineering front because of site-related issues and we hope that 
we have that behind us now and, in those contracts, also we will see 
increased pace of execution in the second half.  
Akshat Mehta: 
My second question is sir, if you look at your working capital in your 
payables there has been a continues decline over the last four or five 
quarters in terms of the number of days that have been there. So, what 
can be the reason for the same?  
Management: 
Working capital decrease you're talking about. 
Akshat Mehta:  
Especially payables there's been a decrease in the payable days over 
the last four, five quarters. So, just wanted to understand why that is 
happening? 
Vasant Naik: 
Actually, we have been building up the inventories for taking care of 
the higher execution which you are planning in the second-half of the 
year whilst the payables have been paid as per the due date that's why 
there is a slight increase in the overall working capital level compared 
to the earlier quarters, but we feel that as we go ahead in the second-
half of the year our working capital should normalize to what was there 
in the financial year 22-23 levels on a full year basis.  
Akshat Mehta:  
So, earlier you were taking some more credit period from your 
creditors for paying and now you're paying on time, is that what is 
happening? 
Vasant Naik: 
There's not been any material change in the overall credit period as far 
as the payables are concerned. 

 
Page 5 of 22 
Akshat Mehta: 
But if I'll just look at it, I think it has gone down from 120 days around 
that number to around 90 days. There has been 30-day decline in the 
payables. I'm talking about the last 4, 5 quarters, not quarter-on-quarter 
or year-on-year it has been a continuing trend over 1.5 years or so? 
Vasant Naik: 
Actually, for example, the Sri Lanka contract where now the execution 
is in the final stages, the back-to-back arrangements which were there 
with some of the civil contractors that is no more available. So, those 
payables which are there that is getting paid off now during the year. 
So, maybe that is one of the reasons why the payable days have come 
down compared to the earlier quarter. 
Akshat Mehta:  
But you still expect that it will be at FY23 levels going forward, 
correct?  
Vasant Naik: 
As we move ahead with the execution of the larger EPC projects where 
the back-to-back terms with the vendors will come in place, the 
payables should get normalized largely at the FY23 levels.  
Akshat Mehta:  
My next question to your sir is if you could share the numbers for 
Mapril during the quarter that we can kind of see what the core 
chemical performance has been as well. I think it has been included for 
two months during the quarter. 
Vasant Naik: 
We don't share Company specific information on the concall, but what 
we can only say that if you see the consolidated numbers for the 
chemical segment the increase in the chemical segment is also due to 
the inclusion of the Mapril Company numbers in the chemicals 
segment. 
Akshat Mehta:  
But overall, any sense on how chemical segment has performed during 
what and going forward, what do you expect from the segment?  
Management: 
Overall, we're expecting growth of around 5% to 10% for this segment 
on a full year basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We'll take the next question from the line of Pratik 
Kothari from Unique Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 22 
Pratik Kothari: 
Just taking two comments from your presentation and if you can just 
throw some more color, one on engineering we have highlighted that 
we have won few or quite a few actually medium sized jobs, if you can 
throw some more color what kind of projects are this, are these for 
industries and also on the chemical we have, I mean, we're talking 
about some threat in terms of input prices and also on the demand side, 
if some more color qualitatively would be helpful? 
Management: 
What has been highlighted is there have been quite a few contracts 
which are medium sized engineering contracts in the order inflow for 
the quarter. These are all from the industrial sector. As far as the 
concern on input prices is concerned, it's just a cautionary statement.  
 
There certainly is a pressure on input prices for the chemical segment 
and we are monitoring it continuously We will take whatever steps 
required to mitigate any possible impacts which may occur in future. 
As of now because of the relative stability that we have seen in our 
input basket, we have been able to deliver good margin numbers. 
Pratik Kothari:  
And sir one on margins in engineering you mentioned that maybe after 
Q2 or something we'll make a comment. Can we go back to the FY21-
22 numbers, 11% EBIT margin that we used to do on an annual basis? 
Management: 
Our expectation is that we would be able to better the numbers which 
we declared for the last year as a whole. Whether or not we will reach 
the 21-22 numbers, I think we will still hold back that comment. 
Hopefully by the end of the third quarter and depending upon how the 
prices have moved and what is the composition of margins that we get 
from the various sub segments, we will be able to comment.  
Pratik Kothari:  
So, sir is it a function of the kind of projects that we are executing or is 
it something else, I mean, on the margin?  
Management: 
It comes as a mix of a number of things Pratik because we mentioned 
earlier that this is a function of the scale at which the engineering 
segment is operating that has a significant impact. It is also because of 
the input prices that we managed to get during the period under 
execution.  

 
Page 7 of 22 
 
And third, it certainly has an impact of the kind of projects that we are 
executing during that period. So, all of these have a part to play. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Lastly sir just update on the Maharashtra, Roha and Odisha plant, how 
are we progressing on that?  
Management: 
The Roha plant is under construction as we had declared previously. 
We expect that it will become operational in FY 25-26 and we will 
announce further developments on that during the course of the next 
two quarters. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Satadru Chakraborty 
from Chakraborty Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Satadru Chakraborty: My question is really around the Mapril acquisition. So, I know that 
we have now consolidated 2 months’ worth of results in the console 
please. I was just curious in your long term planning and projection, 
what kind of EBITDA margins on a console basis would you be 
comfortable with this? So, is this a margin dilutive acquisition, is this 
really the customers that we are going after? Is it the market? So, any 
color and any insight that you have on the acquisition will be very 
helpful? 
Management: 
We have consolidated about quarter’s operations from Mapril 
acquisition and we are seeing that it is progressing well. We hope to 
get increased revenues from these operations in the coming quarters.  
 
The acquisition was mainly to access the market in the European 
market and the trend still now indicates that we would be doing 
reasonably well on that front. We will declare additional details in the 
coming quarters. As of now, the broad color that I can give to you is 
that at the PBT level we are positive there and things are picking up. 
Satadru Chakraborty: Maybe one additional follow-up now that we have, let's say, 
substantial presence in Europe with this acquisition. I was very curious 
from a financial planning perspective, are you planning to have some 
sort of hedging mechanism in place so that whenever you are selling 

 
Page 8 of 22 
services or selling products to this subsidiary you are sort of not getting 
the negative effects of your appreciation depreciation.  
 
So, any outside strategy because I know there is some sort of hedging 
in place that I just was curious to understand what is the overall 
Company strategy regarding FOREX practices in general? 
Management: 
We do take constant stock of our exposures on the FOREX market and 
go by advice of an external consultant who will guide us on what the 
right kind of strategy to take, but very broadly we do not like to keep 
open positions with all, and we would try and cover as much as 
possible unless we have a natural hedge against open exposures. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Muthukumar 
from Fidelity Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Muthukumar: 
In the investor presentation, you have mentioned that in the 
engineering project consists of 2,186 crore order books in outstanding 
Sri Lanka order book of 240 crores and outstanding UP and Delhi Jal 
Nigam Project of 925 crores. Totally I just want to know what is the 
timeline taken to accomplish this order. I just want to know the 
approximate time spent taken to accomplish this order? 
Management: 
The UP order we expect to complete in the next financial year, that 
order book will get exhausted. As far as Sri Lanka is concerned, we 
have been going slow in that order for quite some time now because of 
the unfortunate economic problems which were being faced by the 
Country.  
 
As we come to a resolution to those cash flow issues, we will 
accelerate our invoicing of that contract. Therefore, on a very 
optimistic basis, it can get fully invoiced during the current year. 
Muthukumar: 
And also, in the big pipeline you mentioned 8,597 crores, what is the 
capture ratio or strike ratio you are expecting? 
Management: 
Typically, we expect around the 15% to 20% strike rate.  

 
Page 9 of 22 
Muthukumar: 
And also if you can give me a glimpse of EBITDA for next two to 
three years? 
Management: 
That's something which we would like to be more clear on as we 
proceed into the next year. But on a very approximate and a broad 
level, we should be able to maintain the levels of EBITDA which we 
have today, but then more color or accuracy can only come as we 
proceed into the next year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Noel Vaz 
from Union Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Noel Vaz: 
What is the growth outlook for the chemicals and engineering 
segments for FY24? 
Management: 
For the engineering segment we are expecting between 30% to 35% 
growth. Chemical segment, we are still hoping we would be able to 
deliver between 5% to 10% growth. 
Noel Vaz: 
Just wanted to just clarify on the chemicals. Initially I think in the 
previous quarter we had guided for somewhere around 10 to 15 and 
now we've reduced our outlook to 5 to 10. Is there any particular 
reason for it? 
Management: 
We were hoping for some kind of a resumption of the pace of demand 
in international market that has not yet come through and that's why I 
am cautiously reducing that guidance. We have been hoping now for 
the past few quarters that the situation on the geopolitical front 
becomes better and the European as well as the North American 
economy would start to fire better. Since that has not yet happened, we 
are looking at a slightly lower growth forecast. Middle East also is 
under a little bit of a threat as you would know because of the current 
geopolitical scenario there. So, on a conservative basis, we feel that the 
growth forecast for the current year needs to be moderated. 
Noel Vaz: 
Just lastly regarding consumer products, what we had initially guided 
for is, I mean, it's a fairly strong growth that's been delivered in 2Q and 
also we've guided I think the previous call that you had mentioned that 

 
Page 10 of 22 
you're planning to aim for a breakeven by the end of this financial year 
and you see very strong growth. So, I just wanted to get an idea about 
what kind of growth trajectory we can expect for this outlook and 
possibly margin outlook also if possible? 
Management: 
We are seeing a continued growth momentum as far as the consumer 
segment is concerned. Even in the current quarter, the growth 
momentum has been good. This should continue over the next few 
quarters. As far as the margin is concerned, we were looking for a 
breakeven by the end of the year, we still remain hopeful we'll be very 
close to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Jainam Doshi 
from Kriis Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Doshi: 
So, recently we have altered our object laws of MOA mentioning our 
intention to carry out business in the areas of FRP sheets, piping 
industrial and municipal solid waste management. So, just wanted to 
have a color on what is our outlook as strategy pertaining to the same? 
Management: 
So, that's consequent to the impending merger, which we have with 
companies, but Milind can you throw a little bit more light on that. 
Milind: 
Mergers of three of our subsidiary companies are in progress. So, to 
facilitate the objects clause of the transferor Company into our objects 
clause we have amended it beforehand so that at the latter stage at the 
activity level we don't have any problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Saraswat from 
Elegant Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Saraswat:  
I wanted to ask on the margin profile in the engineering business, has it 
dropped year-on-year, so any guidance on that? 
Management: 
For the engineering segment as a whole compared to the last financial 
year corresponding period. I think there has been an improvement in 
the overall margin level. Vasant you can add more color on that please.  

 
Page 11 of 22 
Vasant Naik: 
The engineering margins in the first half are at 6.7% as against 5.2% in 
the corresponding period of last year. 
Harsh Saraswat:  
My second question is on the thing that in next two, three quarters the 
whole country will be going on for lot of elections. Does that affect our 
bid pipelines also in the states where elections are happening, if you 
could throw some light on how it has been in the past? 
Management: 
Our bid pipeline has relatively limited exposure to direct government 
or municipal contracts. Therefore, the impact would not be significant 
from that perspective. As far as the industry or the PSU related 
inquiries or projects are concerned, typically one would expect a slight 
slowdown once the model code of conduct comes into being as the 
Industry in general tends to become a little cautious, but as it stands 
today the overall outlook being presented by various segments of the 
industry are not being dictated by the impending elections Because of 
the geopolitical situation and the overall global scenario which we are 
seeing as well as some of the price movements on the input side, some 
industries may prefer to defer their CAPEX, but besides that we are not 
really seeing any other indications. 
Harsh Saraswat:  
My last question is on the chemical business. How are you seeing the 
domestic business of this? Is there growth in domestic business or not? 
Management: 
Domestic business has done reasonably well over the last few quarters. 
It's the international business which has performed much less than 
what one would have wanted it to.  
 
On the domestic front, again for the future, we do expect that the 
situation would improve over the coming two quarters because that's 
the typical trend that we have been seeing over the last few years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ayush Agarwal an 
Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal:  
So, my first question is regarding your engineering and chemicals 
business, are you seeing any opportunities arriving from emerging 
industries like, for example, in India and even worldwide there is a 

 
Page 12 of 22 
push for electric vehicle manufacture and the Indian government is 
pushing for semiconductor manufacturing domestically, do you see 
any opportunities arising because of that?  
Management; 
Yes, Ayush there are a quite a few of these new Sunrise Industries, 
which are proposing to have significant capital expenditures in the 
country and each such capital expenditure would have consequent 
opportunity for both the water treatment and the wastewater treatment 
side of the business.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
And my second question is regarding your consumer segment. So, I 
understand that the segment is not profitable just yet and I'm sure it 
will become profitable in the coming quarters going forward. So, I 
wanted to know how much you are spending on advertising as a 
percentage of your revenue.  
Management: 
As such we have not been giving out specific numbers on that front 
end Ayush, but I can tell you that it's not a very significant number.  
Ayush Agarwal:  
So, it's safe to say it's in the single digits, just to broadly speak about 
it? 
Management: 
Yes, it would be low, it would not be very high.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Akshat Mehta 
from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead.  
Akshat Mehta:  
So, my question was if you could share the number for customer 
advances for the quarter and so you could also share the unearned 
revenue as well as a whole advances plus unearned revenue?  
Management: 
Customer advance was around 215 crores as of September end and the 
unearned revenue was around 208 crores.  
Akshat Mehta:  
So, around 420 odd crores total? 
Management: 
Yes 
Akshat Mehta:  
So, this is for the first half right this is not just for quarter 2? 

 
Page 13 of 22 
Management: 
This is the position as of September end, the closing balance.  
Akshat Mehta:  
Another question which I had was that the guidance that you're giving 
on the chemical segment for 5% to 10%, does that include the Mapril 
acquisition as well within the guidance or that is separate from this? 
Management: 
The projected growth is with respect to the current trends of the 
consolidated number and as I had responded to an earlier question, we 
hope to see the incremental benefits from this acquisition, in the 
coming two quarters and I'm not trying to jump the gun as far as those 
projections are concerned.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from 
Unique Portfolio Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Sir one question on membrane. We started a new facility I think in two 
quarters, three quarters back. So, one update on that and also, we are 
planning to add another phase to that membrane capacity, so an update 
on that please? 
Management: 
We have commenced production on the expanded capacity very 
recently and as we had mentioned in an earlier call, we expect that we 
will be able to substantially consume that capacity over the next two 
years. There is a further capacity expansion plan, but that is in the 
initial stage. 
Pratik Kothari:  
Sorry, but coming back to chemicals again, I mean, we have 
substantially changed our guidance from say last quarter. So, how bad 
has the situation, but I understand it we don't break down numbers 
further, but if you have to talk about exports, how bad has it gotten? 
Management: 
Exports there have been a slight drop. It's not a very significant drop, 
but there is a slight drop in exports.  
Pratik Kothari:  
Sir the reason I asked this is because last quarter we had said 10%, 
15% growth excluding of Mapril and now I think you mentioned that 
5, 10 includes Mapril too? 

 
Page 14 of 22 
Management: 
As I said, the expected growth of 5-10 % is for a consolidated number, 
excluding the incremental numbers from Mapril. For the incremental 
benefits from Mapril I am not yet projecting too far forward and we 
will be able to give you more accurate guidance on that during the next 
quarter, In terms of how we are expecting the rest of the international 
business to behave, we have not seen the trends in which we were 
hoping for from the international market. And as I just mentioned, there 
has been a slight de growth on that front in the first half and therefore 
it's only prudent that we reduce our growth guidance.  
Pratik Kothari:  
Sir, last on UP if you can share how much did we build it this quarter 
and has the scope of work changed because pending order book seems 
to have increased quarter-on-quarter?  
Management: 
The scope of work has not changed. There is an incremental increase 
in the number of villages that have been now approved by the 
government and that has led to an increase in the overall size of the 
order that's the reason why there is an increase. 
Pratik Kothari:  
And how much did you bill it this quarter? 
Vasant Naik: 
We did around 42 crores for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
I just missed your point about you saying about lowering of guidance 
on what parameter if you could just repeat? 
Management: 
It is for the chemical segment where we have said that we are still 
hoping to deliver the growth of around 5% to 10% for the year as a 
whole. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We are lowering it to 5% now? 
Management: 
The earlier quarter we had mentioned 10% to 15% and now what we 
are taking is 5% to 10%. 

 
Page 15 of 22 
Saket Kapoor: 
For the pace in the UP Jal Nigam project, if you could quantify the 
pace has remained the same over the last two preceding quarters, 
quarter 1 and quarter 2. I think the revenue numbers have remained the 
same. So, what's the color on the same sir, how is that going to gain 
attraction going ahead I think so the size is including both UP and 
Delhi 960 crores by what time are we going to execute the project for 
the UP Jal Nigam? 
Management: 
UP Jal Nigam contract will get executed by the next year fully. In the 
current year we will see increased invoicing in the second half. We are 
seeing more movement on the ground and therefore the projection for 
the improvement in the second half.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Because when we look at your engineering segment although you have 
guided that there will be a pickup. Quarter 2 have also remained muted 
to a greater extent and in order to meet our revenue growth guidance 
for engineering segment H2 will look significantly heavier historically. 
So, there is no reason to believe that it would not happen this time and 
H2 will be significantly heavier in terms of the execution phase for H2. 
And for the month of October, you must have seen attrition on ground? 
Management: 
H2 will be heavier and that is traditionally the case for long number of 
years now. If we compare revenues for the engineering segment during 
the first half as compared to last year’s first half we should have seen 
significant improvement. I believe that the growth would be 
somewhere in the region of 30 odd percent. Vasant, if you can share 
the exact numbers. 
Vasant Naik: 
We have grown by 33%.  
Saket Kapoor: 
If we go for comparative numbers for previous year's second half with 
current year second-half, what should be the growth number we should 
consolidate? 
Management: 
As I mentioned earlier, we are hoping to deliver around 30% to 35% 
growth for the engineering segment as a whole for the full year. 

 
Page 16 of 22 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Manish from Equity-at-
Work. Please go ahead.  
Manish: 
What is your revenue guidance for FY24 full year revenue guidance? 
Management: 
See we have given you segmental breakup as far as the guidance is 
concerned on engineering segment, we have had 30% to 35% growth. 
For the chemical segment between 5% to 10% growth and for the 
consumer segment we are stating that it will continue its growth 
momentum as we have been seeing in the first half. So, that's the 
overall guidance.  
Manish: 
Sir, you're guided for 30% to 35% engineering business engineering 
for engineering business, right? So, engineering we have done, 
hitherto, we have done about 600 crores and we have guided for 35% 
growth which actually sort of extrapolated to somewhere in the vicinity 
of 1,700 crores. So, you are essentially trying to suggest that we are 
going to do a revenue of at least north of 1,000 crore for the next two 
quarters put together. Is my understanding correct?  
Management: 
Yes 
Manish: 
And sir what would that populate down to in terms of absolute EBIT 
for FY24 for the engineering segment?  
Management: 
We should have an improvement over the last full year in terms of 
percentage.  
Manish: 
And margins will increase from here, right?  
Management: 
Yes. 
Manish: 
Any specific guidance for margin that you have for FY24 in particular 
for the engineering business?  
Management: 
As I just mentioned, we will see an improvement over the last full 
year’s number. Last full year's number was if I am not wrong around 
8.9% or 9%. So, we should see an improvement over that.  

 
Page 17 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshat Mehta from 
Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Akshat Mehta:  
One last question that I had is that we've seen an increase in the debt 
position. If you look at new quarter 2 numbers versus end of FY23. So, 
why has that increased?  
Management: 
On the standalone basis, the debt numbers are around the same level as 
the previous year, but when you see the consol numbers that is because 
of the acquisition of Portugal Co - Mapril, the debt which was standing 
in MAPRIL books that has come into the consol post-merger.  
Akshat Mehta:  
No, because as far as I understood, you're also going to take some debt 
for the Roha capacity expansion as well. 
Management: 
As we move forward with CAPEX, we will be taking the debt in that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Richa 
Chowdhary from Electrim PMS. Please go ahead.  
Richa Chowdhary: Sir, I just had one question on the Roha expansion plans. When we are 
expecting the plan to be operational that would be the first question 
and we had some guidance given before probably a year back on the 
backward integration project. So, what exactly was that and how are 
we going ahead with that? 
Management: 
Roha of course we are expecting that by the end of the next financial 
year we would be able to substantially complete the construction 
process and as far as becoming operational is concerned, we expect 
that it could be by FY25-26. 
Richa Chowdhary: Sir, what asset turns are we expecting on this 400 crores project? 
Management: 
We are expecting somewhere around 1.5 to 2 times if you consider 
total CAPEX roughly 275 Cr. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 22 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, you mentioned the addition of more villages in that UP Jal Nigam 
project, by what percentage does it improve the size of the contract and 
also the scope of work. So, if you could dwell more on the same? 
Management: 
The nature of the project remains same; it is just that when you add 
more villages the overall size of the contract goes up slightly. Vasant if 
you can mention the numbers.  
Vasant Naik: 
It is around 60 crores roughly which has been added during the quarter. 
Saket Kapoor: 
It also has an O&M component sir, the total project operation and 
maintenance part? 
Management: 
But this value does not include the O&M part. It is only the EPC part. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is the size of the O&M part, sir and when will it kick in the 
post expiry of what term? 
Management: 
It is a 10 years O&M which will kick in once the individual projects 
are handed over. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And size sir, what is the value of O&M part? 
Management: 
Difficult to quantify at this stage because as was mentioned earlier, this 
Project is an aggregation of individual contracts with varying values. 
So, at this stage it's not possible to give a definitive number on the 
O&M. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, as you were mentioning about the scope of work and also 
increasing, are there many players who are involved in this project and 
so the scope of work improved for everybody or is it a particular 
packet of work that we have got because of the reasons of whatsoever 
that we have been added more villages been added to us, what led to it 
and are there many parties, many EPC players involved in this entire 
project? 
Management: 
Yes, the UP government, the UP part of Nal Se Jal scheme has many 
EPC contractors. We are one of them. The increase in the number of 
villages is consequent upon the detail project reports getting approved 

 
Page 19 of 22 
by the department and that's something which happens progressively as 
there are a few more which are under evaluation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We’ll move on to the next question, which is from the line 
of Ayush Agarwal, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Agarwal:  
This is the follow-up of one of my previous questions regarding 
opportunities on Sunrise Industries. Looking at your current bid 
pipeline of 8,745 crores, how much of that would be coming from 
Sunrise Industries?  
Management: 
 I can’t give you an exact number right now because how one would 
classify Sunrise Industries. So a broad approximation that I can offer it 
would be below 25%, but I would not be able to give you a further 
breakup. 
Ayush Agarwal:  
And my second question is regarding the debt that you have taken for 
the Greenfield expansion in the last quarter earnings call you had 
mentioned that you are taking around 300 crores to 320 crores of debt 
for this project. So, I wanted to know what is the repayment period for 
this and is there earnings from this project expected to be able to repay 
that debt on its own or will other income streams be contributing 
towards that?  
Management: 
We have not yet picked the debt on our book Ayush; we will pick it up 
as the construction of the project progresses further and we would be 
able to service the debt to our internal generations. Vasant you can 
shed more light on the period of debt.  
Vasant Naik: 
It is five years post the plant commercial production. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from the line of Romil Jain 
from Electrum PMS. Please go ahead. 
Romil Jain: 
The first question is on consumer business. So, I just want to 
understand when do we kind of breakeven at the EBITDA level and 
subsequently at the PAT level maybe next year or FY26, any sense on 
that and what are the kind of touch points that in terms of distribution 
network, we are at in this business? 

 
Page 20 of 22 
Management: 
We are certainly hoping that we will be able to still meet the target of 
breaking even or being very close to that by the end of the current year. 
And as far as the distribution network is concerned, it's All India 
network and it's a very expanding one. We are reaching out to Tier 2 
and in some places Tier 3 cities also. So, it is a extensive All India 
reach.  
Romil Jain: 
And on chemical side just want to understand I think first we are 
doubling the capacity and then it will triple. So, overall, that is the that 
is the plan to triple the capacity?  
Management: 
Yes, over the period of time.  
Romil Jain: 
So, the 400 crores CAPEX, which is there is for doubling the CAPEX, 
it’s for doubling the capacity as well as the backward integration, 
correct?  
Management: 
That's right. Some part of this CAPEX would also help in further 
expansion at a later date. So, the later expansion would not need to 
incur some of the expenditure being incurred now. 
Romil Jain: 
Just can you give little bit of more understanding on the backward 
integration, so how much of that would be backward integration in 
terms of the overall CAPEX and whether that would structurally 
improve margins of the chemical segment going ahead?  
Management: 
Roughly around 125 crores is what has been allocated to that project 
and yes we are expecting an improvement in the margin profile 
because of that.  
Romil Jain: 
And lastly on this CAPEX of 400 crores, you mentioned 1.5 to 2 times 
asset turn. So, by when we expect to reach the optimal utilization or 
whatever maximum we can do before the next you know line kicks in. 
So, does the next line kick in immediately after we commissioned this 
CAPEX by FY25 end or what are the timelines on that third phase, the 
next phase?  
Management: 
 So, the asset turnover of around 2 times should be calculated on the 
figure of 275 crores. Further we expect roughly around three-to-four-

 
Page 21 of 22 
year period for the capacity to be utilized fully and we will take a 
decision on initiating the next phase of expansion somewhere down the 
line. It will not happen immediately because we will need to see the 
pickup of capacity utilization for the current expansion.  
Romil Jain: 
Sir on this the engineering side of the business, just want to understand 
a little bit more macro how are we looking at the entire industry 
planning out, how does the industrial book look like for us, where do 
we see the drivers because I think earlier we've met you and you said 
we've just scratched the surface in terms of the entire water treatment 
and affluent treatment in India. So, there's a long way to go. So, if you 
can just help us understand in terms of a little bit on driver side of that?  
Management: 
I will be very brief with that answer as we have come to the end of the 
session per se and a detailed answer would require a long time. So, just 
to touch on the main points, the overall demand scenario projected 
over the medium term is very good. There's a huge gap between 
today’s reality and what we aspire to have as a country and within that 
the industrial infrastructure that we aspire to have. Add to this our 
commitments to the environment, ESG, etc. And this scenario also 
holds true for the global community because there is a lot of gap in 
infrastructure in several parts of the globe specifically Africa, the 
Middle East, and the Southeast. So, the forecast for a medium to long 
term is pretty good for the industry and we should see continuous 
improvement in the kind of inquiry and order book. Further technology 
upgradation should lead to further additions to the Brownfield 
opportunity, not just the Greenfield. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I now 
have the conference over to Mr. N.M Ranadive from Ion Exchange 
India Limited for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
N.M Ranadive:  
Good afternoon. Thank you all for participating in this earnings 
Concall. I hope we have been able to answer your questions 
satisfactorily. If you have any further questions or would like to know 
more about the Company, we would be happy to be of your assistance. 
We're very thankful to all of our investors who stood by us and also 

 
Page 22 of 22 
have confidence in the Company’s growth plan and focus. And with 
this, I wish everyone a great evening. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you, members of the management. 
Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Ion Exchange India Limited that 
concludes this conference for today. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
