 
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Bldg., P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543965 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TVSSCS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call with analysts/ investors  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of TVS 
Supply Chain Solutions Limited (“Company”) analyst call held on November 8, 2023, to 
discuss the financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The transcript is also uploaded in the Company’s website https://www.tvsscs.com/investor-
relations/ 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
P D Krishna Prasad  
Company Secretary  
 
 
Enclosure: As above 
PADOOR 
DORASWA
MI 
KRISHNA 
PRASAD
Digitally signed 
by PADOOR 
DORASWAMI 
KRISHNA 
PRASAD 
Date: 2023.11.10 
14:44:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited  
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI VISWANATHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAVI PRAKASH – GLOBAL CFO, TVS SUPPLY 
CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. NARAYANAN - HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS, TVS 
SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to the TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Narayanan – Head, Investor Relations at TVS Supply 
Chain Solutions Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Narayanan: 
Thank you. Good morning and welcome to the TVS Supply Chain Solutions Earnings Call for 
Q2 and H1 FY24. 
We have with us today, Mr. Ravi Viswanathan - Managing Director and Mr. Ravi Prakash - 
Global CFO. Our financial results and investor presentation have been posted on the company's 
website and on the stock exchanges. We will commence the call with opening remarks from our 
management team, followed by an open forum for Q&A. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks the 
company faces. A disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation that 
has been shared. 
I now hand it over to Mr. Ravi Viswanathan - Managing Director to make the opening remarks. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Narayanan, and good morning to all of you. 
I would like to welcome you once again to our Earnings Call to discuss both our Q2 and H1 
FY24 performance. I will share with you the highlights of our performance and my colleague; 
Ravi Prakash will then take you through the detailed analysis of our numbers and we look 
forward to interacting with you as part of the Q&A. 
I thought for the benefit of those who are joining us for the first time, I will provide a brief 
background of TVS Supply Chain Solutions. We are an end-to-end supply chain solution 
provider with capabilities across the value chain. Our business is diversified across multiple 
sectors and highlighted by long-term customer relationships with our top customers. We operate 
our business in two segments, what we call Integrated Supply Chain Solutions or ISCS segment 
and Network Solutions or the NS segment. Just wanted to add that technology is a very key 
element of the value we bring to our customers and we deploy an asset light business across both 
our segments. We are an Indian multinational with a set of capabilities comparable with the 
largest players in our sector. Our focus has been on profitable growth and we are leveraging our 
capabilities and expertise with the vision of being amongst the top 50 logistics companies 
globally. 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
With that short introduction, let me progress towards the highlights for Quarter 2 and H1 FY24. 
Please note that we have carried out certain restatements in our financials. Prior period financials 
we had disclosed earlier have undergone a change on account of this restatement and Ravi 
Prakash will provide greater details on this. 
Coming to the performance, we have had a strong quarter overall as a company, with significant 
positives across both our operating segments. The Integrated Supply Chain Solution segment or 
the ISCS segment delivered double-digit growth consistent with its performance in the earlier 
quarter. Q2 revenues grew 13.5% year-on-year and on a half yearly basis, the segment grew 
16.8% over the same period last year. This growth has been broad based and across our 
geographies. There were a couple of one-off factors in Quarter two, the United Auto Workers 
strike, which has now been resolved, and a seasonal plant shutdown in one of our key customers. 
Outside of these, the underlying growth trend is robust and with encouraging demand drivers. 
Margin expansion has been a key highlight of our performance this quarter. ISCS margin has 
expanded 240 bps year-on-year in Quarter 2 with adjusted EBITDA margins of 10.2% for the 
quarter. On a half yearly basis, the ISCS segment margins were higher by 220 bps compared to 
H1 of last year. 
In the Network Solutions segment, we bucked the declining trend as Quarter 2 revenues grew 
2.4% sequentially. This was driven by the growth in our integrated final mile business and 
sequential volume improvements in the global forwarding of the GFS business. GFS was 
impacted however by a further decline in the freight rates, which is in line with global trends. 
On a year-on-year basis, our Network Solutions segment revenues are 36.4% lower; as we had 
mentioned last quarter. The year-on-year comparison will start getting normalized a bit in H2 
given the movement in freight rates last year. We saw margin expansion in the Network 
Solutions segment as well with Quarter 2 margins expanding 30 bps sequentially from 4.6% to 
4.9% in Q2 FY24. In the integrated final mile business, revenue growth, implementation of 
pricing revisions and operational efficiency initiatives drove margin improvement. In GFS, we 
are focusing on procurement efficiency and cost containment to soften the impact of fall in rates. 
In this context, it is important to call out the discontinuation and the sale of Circle Express by 
the IFM business. This sale is expected to drive larger focus on the core business and margin 
expansion in the forthcoming quarters and Ravi Prakash will provide more details on this. 
On a consolidated basis, revenue for the quarter was 1.1% lower sequentially and 15.6% lower 
year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA margins for Q2 were 7.8%, which represents 100 bps 
improvement year-on-year. On a half yearly basis, our revenues were lower by 14.1% year-on-
year, however, our margins expanded by 150 bps year-on-year which drove a 4.7% growth in 
adjusted EBITDA. So with this background, I will hand it over to Ravi Prakash, our Global CFO, 
who will take you through a detailed analysis of the numbers and I can come back to talk to you 
more about what we are seeing in the pipeline and some of the key wins. Ravi Prakash… 
Ravi Prakash: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our earnings call. Let me 
take you through the highlights of the financial performance for Q2 and H1 FY24. I will start 
with an update on the utilization of our IPO proceeds. As we had indicated in the prospectus, we 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
have utilized the proceeds through the IPO to repay our borrowings in India and overseas. This 
is in line with the objects of the issue that we had stated in the offer document. We have repaid 
a net amount of Rs. 768 crores since the IPO , of which Rs. 524 crores was from IPO proceeds 
and Rs. 244 crores was either from internal accruals or capital that was raised prior to the IPO. 
As a result, our net debt as of 30th September stands at just around Rs. 60 crores in line with 
what or in fact slightly marginally lower than what we had indicated in our earlier calls. These 
numbers are available in page 5 of the earnings presentation. The debt reduction has delivered 
about Rs. 6 crores of improvement in the interest costs in Q2 and is expected to further deliver 
another Rs. 13 to Rs. 14 crores in Q3, again consistent with what we had indicated in the past 
discussions. 
During the quarter, we made two strategic interventions in our business. First, we sold a partial 
stake in our associate company TVS Industrial & Logistics Parks. We sold 4.5% of our stake 
and recognized the profit of Rs. 35.3 crores and that is stated as an exceptional item in our 
financial statements. Post this transaction, we continue to own 25.2% of TVS ILP. The second 
strategic intervention we made was the sale of Circle Express in the UK, which Mr. Ravi 
Viswanathan has already mentioned earlier. We recognized a loss of Rs. 38.5 crore on the sale 
of Circle Express, which included any assets or impairment of goodwill. This loss is also an 
exceptional charge to the P&L, so just to kind of combine both, the exceptional line item of Rs. 
3.2 crore in the financials reflects the net impact of both these and the notes of the accounts have 
the details of both the transactions. 
With this, I would like to mention that as a result of the sale of the Circle Express business, we 
are required to restate our financials as per the requirements of the accounting standards. The 
Circle transaction was completed on 29th September and the financials of Circle Express for 
periods prior to this date are classified as Discontinued Operations and shown separately as a 
net in the financial statements. We have hence restated the financials of FY23 and Q1 to remove 
Circle from Continuing Operations. With this restatement, prior period comparisons on 
Continuing Operations will be like to like with Circle Express financials not included in both 
periods. Page 9 in the investor presentation explains the summary numbers on this for your 
reference. 
Now, moving to the performance of the continuing business, Mr. Ravi Viswanathan already 
spoke about the margin expansion in both our business. I would like to give a little more detail 
and particularly focus on the operational efficiencies that the business has been delivering. We 
have called this out on page 14 of the presentation where you will see that on year-over-year 
basis, our Q2 revenue was lower by 15.6% versus last year, mainly due to the decline in the 
freight rates. However, we were able to reduce our total operational expenses excluding finance 
cost by about 15.9% year-on-year. The only exception is the interest cost, which has gone up 
due to the run up in interest rates over the last 12 months. The trend is similar when we view 
quarter-on-quarter comparisons as well. This has been made possible by some smart 
procurement and operational efficiencies and that is the key driver for the expansion in EBITDA 
margins that you see. 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Going forward to the analysis of the key line items, our ISCS segment showed continued growth 
momentum, revenues of Rs. 1,269 crores for the quarter compared to Rs. 1,119 in Q2 last year 
that is growth of 13.5% year-on-year. For H1, it was Rs. 2,588 crore compared to Rs. 2,216 
crores, a growth of 16.8% over the previous year. The strength in the business is that it is growing 
across all our geographies, India, UK and North America. The network segment revenues grew 
sequentially, driven by growth in the integrated final mile business while the GFS business saw 
volume improvement, but continued to face the impact of a freight rate slowdown. Network 
segment revenues were Rs. 993 crore compared to Rs. 970 crore last quarter, up 2.4% 
sequentially. Network segment revenue for H1 was Rs. 1,963 crores compared to Rs. 3,083 in 
H1 last year. As we go forward into Q3 and Q4, these comparatives should look better because 
freight rate had started declining from Q3 of last year. 
Bringing this together, consolidated revenue from operations was steady for the quarter with 
revenue coming in at about Rs. 2,262.9 crores compared to Rs. 2,288.9 crores in the previous 
quarter and Rs. 2,680.8 crores in Q2 FY23. Business development continues to deliver as per 
expectations. Revenue from new business development in the quarter was Rs. 180 crores in Q2. 
For the first half, BD has contributed a total of Rs. 450 crores of revenue approximately 10% of 
our H1 revenue and that has been called out in our earnings presentation. This is consistent with 
what we had always indicated. Therefore, revenue from operations for H1 was Rs. 4,551.8 crores 
compared to Rs. 5,299 crores last year. 
A quick look at the other lines, other income for the quarter largely comprising of forex gains 
and interest income was 8.3 compared to 18.2 in Q1 and Rs. 21 crores in Q2 last year. Total 
income for the quarter therefore was Rs. 2,271.2 crores, which declined 1.6% sequentially and 
15.9% year-on-year and for H1 was Rs. 4,578.3 down 14.2 year-on-year, again driven primarily 
due to the freight rate decline.  
A quick explanation of the few major expense line items, the way they have evolved freight 
clearing, forwarding and handling expenses for the quarter was Rs. 570.4 crores. It was down 
48.6% year-on-year and even a similar number for H1. This is where we have delivered 
significant procurement efficiencies to compensate for the decline in revenue in the network 
segment business. Employee benefit expense for the quarter was Rs. 572.8 crores versus Rs. 
494.2 crores in the prior year. The ramp up in customer engagements in ISCS segment is the key 
reason for increase in manpower deployment. So, most of the employee cost increase is actually 
absorbed within the gross margins of the ISCS segment.  
On page 25 of the investor presentation, we have provided the segmental results for the ISCS 
segment and NS segments. Consolidated adjusted EBITDA for Q2 was Rs. 175.7 crores 
compared to Rs. 186.3 in the previous quarter and Rs. 182.5 in Q2 of last year. And H1 adjusted 
EBITDA was Rs. 362.1 crore compared to Rs. 345.8 crores in previous year. We have also 
provided a comparison of the network segment results reported last quarter just to make the point 
clear about the restatement impact of Circle, but again here I would like to point out that despite 
the 15.9% decline in revenue, we are able to actually grow EBITDA in H1 and that goes back 
to the point I made at the beginning, which is the focus on operational efficiencies. 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
I had already indicated that we have utilized the proceeds from the IPO to reduce our borrowings; 
as we had mentioned in the last earnings call, our interest costs will reduce, this can be seen in 
Q2. Finance cost for Q2 was Rs. 57.1 crores, which was lower by Rs. 6.2 crores quarter-on-
quarter. The full benefit of the reductions will start flowing through starting Q3. Our profit before 
taxes and exceptional items was Rs. 4.5 crores better compared to the loss of Rs. 10.7 crores last 
quarter. Post the exceptional items, PBT was -7.8 compared to -33.8 in the last quarter and tax 
expense for the quarter was 14.2 and profit after tax was -21.9. This concludes a quick summary 
of the financials. I will now hand it back to Mr. Ravi Viswanathan. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Ravi Prakash. So to summarize our performance and outlook, our customer 
relationships are strong as we continue to grow our businesses with our large customers. Our 
business development continues to deliver consistently and as Ravi Prakash said, roughly about 
10% of the revenue comes from new BD. In Quarter 2, we had multiple new contract wins in 
both the segments. What I would like to call out was one of our key wins was an expansion in 
engagement with the German automaker. We have been working with them for many years now 
and providing a freight management solution to them. We will now support their aftermarket 
parts warehouse and distribution in Southeast Asia from out of Singapore. It is a major win and 
it highlights our focus on our large customers and ability for us to cross sell both the capabilities 
and expand in multiple geographies that we are present. 
Some of the other important wins included an engagement for material handling, storage and 
distribution for an Indian IT major who was involved in the rollout of a large telecom network; 
freight management solution for a large global wind turbine company and 3PL Solution for a 
consumer goods company in UK and Europe. During the quarter, we expanded the scale of 
engagement with Centrica and we had mentioned Centrica last quarter and that has gone on 
stream and we have deployed manpower in our two operational sites and also began our tech 
development for Centrica in this quarter. 
Our focus is really to see how we can leverage our global accounts through a global account 
management program where we can cross leverage our geographical presence and the width of 
capabilities. We are seeing early success like the one example I mentioned earlier. And in fact, 
we expect our largest customer to grow into a USD 100 million global account over the next 12 
to 18 months. We remain cautiously optimistic in the global forwarding business, which as you 
know is facing severe headwinds and we hope to see reduced headwinds in the medium term, 
but overall, the demand for outsourced supply chain solutions is robust and growing. We have a 
solid pipeline of new opportunities across our sectors and geographies. Currently, our pipeline 
presents a potential revenue opportunity, which is in excess of Rs. 3,000 crores. With that, let 
me conclude and open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question 
is from the line of Kumar Rakesh from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My first question was on the margin outlook, especially on the Network Solution side, so you 
did talk about the procurement and operational efficiencies which have started showing results 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
in margin expansion in this quarter as well despite the pricing pressure, how much of that is still 
that you think that you can drive in expand margin and can we go back to the margin that we 
used to see the last year? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Kumar, thank you very much. This is Ravi Prakash. If you look at the network segment, 
sequentially the margin has expanded 4.9% from 4.6% earlier, about 30 bps we were able to do 
it. We had always indicated that the margin will be a function of two things. In the IFM business, 
in the second half, we always said that we are going to see a turnaround and we have seen early 
signs of that in Q2 and therefore that should be a positive to margins in H2. On the forwarding 
side, what we have seen is that the business has been able to very smartly manage the cost down 
as the prices have come down and we are quite comfortable that they would be able to hold this 
trend for Q3 and Q4 as well. Therefore, our expectation is that as we exit Q4 of FY24, we should 
be getting closer and closer to the margins that we have been used to historically. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
My second question was around your debt reduction plan, so you did talk about that in this 
quarter also, you reduced some of your debt and there is still some left on your balance sheet, so 
what is the plan for the rest of the debt in the coming quarters and what would be the outlook 
around that? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So again, Rakesh, the objective of the company is to reduce the long-term debt as much as 
possible. In Q3, you will see a further reduction about probably between Rs. 220 to Rs. 300 
crores and by the end of March 31, 2024, we should probably be left with only working capital 
debt on the balance sheet and if there is anything left that will be a very minimum long-term 
debt. 
Kumar Rakesh: 
Ok, great. And that should reflect in your finance cost also coming down? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Absolutely, as I indicated that in Q3, you should see about Rs. 13 to Rs. 14 crores benefit from 
actions that have already been taken and maybe a small marginal improvement in Q4, but Q3 
should see the bulk of the benefit. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good morning gentlemen, my complements on the strong margin expansion in ISCS. My first 
question is, any reason why we are seeing softer growth in H1 in India ISCS versus rest of the 
world and also in quarter-on-quarter basis, there appears to be a slip in India ISCS and rest of 
the world ISCS revenues in Q2, this is versus Q1 of FY24, so your explanations on these two 
trends first? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Sumit, let me just talk about the quarter-on-quarter ISCS. A significant portion of the difference 
is actually explained by seasonal factors, Sumit. We have large customers in the US where this 
quarter is when they normally take their seasonal plant shutdown and that is what happened. 
Last year they did not do it because they were just coming out of COVID. That explains the bulk 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
of the difference and you will see that in Q3-Q4 that will get corrected. Second is there was, I 
wouldn't say material, but there was an impact of the UAW strike because for about two weeks, 
we did have our operations disruption in one of our large customers. These two actually 
explained what has happened quarter-on-quarter. I think with respect to India, again, I would 
say it is more a simple timing of deal flow. You can see that if you go back quarter-on-quarter, 
consistently we have seen India revenue grow up and I would expect that to continue and I don't 
see any other major what you call factor actually holding us back. In fact the deal pipeline is 
quite strong, both India as well as rest of the world. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And the same factor would explain largely the H1 relatively softer growth in India ISCS versus 
rest of the world? 
Ravi Prakash: 
That is pretty much what it is. See the other reason I can tell you is, if you compare the 
comparators, in the rest of the world, we have had a couple of contracts which are a significant 
step up in terms of growth, for example, Centrica started working in middle of May and given 
the size and scale of the contract that gives a big flip versus the base of last year. Same thing 
with another large customer in the US, the scale of the awards actually drove a significant uptick 
in revenue. So that is why you see that and that will continue for the other remaining two quarters 
as well and that is why the rest of the world is growing. It is just that the scale of the contracts 
that we won are very large. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
And Achal just to add, if you look at the growth, both of them were double-digit growth, both 
in India and rest of the world. Yes, rest of the world grew faster and precisely for the reason that 
Ravi Prakash said, which is really the size and scale of the deals. And what we are seeing is a 
very interesting trend that in the Western markets, the deal sizes are getting much bigger, so the 
opportunity for us to a) participate simply because we are now getting more and more engaged 
in these large deals and the couple of wins especially in the US and in the UK that Centrica that 
we mentioned have really brought us into that segment of large deal opportunity that we 
otherwise were not going to be that frequently bidding. So I think the opportunity window is 
very significant. We expect rest of the world business to really be pretty buoyant as we look 
through the glass right now. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Nothing to complain on 17% growth in ISCS, but I think for the full year, we were sort of aiming 
for about 22% growth and there in India was 20% plus and from your explanation, it seems that 
we should be seeing a stronger H2? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes, in fact what I would probably expect is Q4, if I look at the deal timeline Sumit, I would 
expect Q4 to be probably the strongest quarter. Two reasons, one is we know certain deals are 
actually picking up in that quarter and we also know that seasonally India typically has their best 
quarter in Q4. 
Sumit Kishore: 
And in GFS finally, could you break up sort of the price decline and the volume growth that we 
have seen in Q2 and all your expectations here on? 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Ravi Prakash: 
So Sumit, broadly the way GFS has played out is versus the peak prices are down about 50%. I 
wouldn't go more too much on quarter-on-quarter because that kind of fluctuates a little bit here, 
but broadly that is what has happened. We had indicated last time that we think that we had 
pretty much come to probably the bottom of the cycle. I am cautiously optimistic that going 
forward, we are probably going to operate at the price levels that we have seen in Q2 of this 
year. What is encouraging is quarter-on-quarter, volume has grown in GFS, I think it has grown 
quarter-on-quarter about 2% or 3% in ocean freight. We have given that in the analyst 
presentation. We have actually pulled that out. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
And just want to add there that when we benchmark ourselves with the global large peers, I 
would say that we compare pretty well. So one of the things that we are keeping a very close eye 
on is both from a lane perspective and from an overall global trend where the GFS businesses, 
because there are significant headwinds and I am sure that all of you follow the global freight 
market and I would say that we are pretty much in line with what we are seeing amongst our 
global peers, maybe even a slightly better in terms of where we are compared to where we were 
last year from a comparative perspective with our global peers. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Sumit, just to kind of close out, the segment itself saw sequential growth in volume, IFM plus 
GFS about 4.6% and the price is declined. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Go ahead, 
sir. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, the first question I had was with respect to TVS ILP, you diluted about 5%, any further 
reduction likely or expectations over the next few quarters or few years? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Achal, nothing envisaged as we speak right now, so nothing that we have planned. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, second question I had was with respect to Circle Express, given it was a pain-point, now 
what kind of margin impact assuming it remains the same, positive impact it could have on the 
margins and how do you see in network solution margins evolving? You have already indicated 
that we will probably look at touching historical margins, but if you could give a number that 
would be helpful? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Achal, if I take Q1 of this year, the reported Network Solutions margin was 3.7% and when we 
restated it for Circle Express that came to 4.6, that was actuals for Q1, right and versus that 4.6, 
we moved to 4.9 in Q2 primarily on the back of IFM margins. So the Circle Express sale has 
helped in two things Achal, one is you can see the scale of the margin drag that it had on the 
network segment business that is indicated by the Q1 numbers. It is broadly around that number. 
The second thing is, I think a huge amount of management bandwidth has been released because 
this business wasn't really in the core elements of the service offering that IFM had, so that 
should also help and we are on track with our plans. We had indicated that from H2 you should 
start seeing a turnaround in the IFM business and we kind of stay with that guidance. We should 
start seeing improvement sequentially every quarter in the network segment business. 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Achal Lohade: 
And over next, let us say, couple of years, how do you see margins evolving, will we get into 
high single digit or will be probably mid-single digit in around? 
Ravi Prakash: 
No, in fact, if I take two years out, right, our indication was always that the network segment 
would probably deliver, the supply chain segment, we said the target would probably be double 
digit and we have hit it probably 18 months earlier than what we had always expected and we 
said that the network segment would always be about, maybe 100 to 150 below the supply chain 
segment and it would be our expectation to still target those kind of margins. I am talking 
medium term here, Achal. 
Achal Lohade: 
Are there any more such possibilities of the pain-points getting removed like Circle Express? 
Are there any more opportunities available to us? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Look honestly right of the bat, I cannot think of any other, how should I say entities or businesses 
that we may look at but let me put it this way. We are very conscious about the portfolio of a 
business and we would like every part of the portfolio to contribute and whether it is a contract 
or whether it is a business or a series of contracts, we are being very how should I say, rigorous 
with our evaluation of the profitability and taking actions. And if I go back to how we are able 
to bring down operating cost almost in line with revenue, Rs. 400 crores of revenue has come 
down, operating cost has come down by Rs. 400 crores and actually employee cost has gone up. 
So all that has come in variable expenses that has been made possible because we have been 
very, how should I say, focused on making sure that each individual engagement actually 
delivers to what it is supposed to. 
Achal Lohade: 
Sir, just one clarification with respect to the supply chain business, in terms of the growth, clearly 
the deal pipeline is strong, but is it fair to say we could look at mid-teens to high teens kind of a 
growth to continue over medium term for the ISCS business? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Look, I think both the quality and the value of our pipeline is probably at its best as we speak. 
So I think that is something which we will continually evolve and we will share those trends to 
you on a quarterly basis. There is no reason for us to think that this trend will not continue. So 
when I look at it and these are like I’ve explained Achal, the integrated supply chain solutions, 
it takes longer selling cycle time, but they are also longer deals, so there is stickiness to these 
contracts. So there is a good reason for us to believe that in the medium term, a double-digit 
growth is very much possible. 
Achal Lohade: 
One clarification on the US customer, where does it stand as that issue being resolved or it is 
ongoing and what kind of impact could we see for third quarter? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
So let me just say that you probably read about the fact that the issue has been resolved and all 
of the factories are back to normal operations from 1st of November. What impact, Ravi Prakash, 
maybe you can throw some light. 

 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Ravi Prakash: 
Achal, we will have to see how the numbers come out because in Q3 probably, there is about 4 
weeks when we didn't have operations in this place, a little bit early to call out the exact number 
impact. Let us see how the numbers play out because we will have to see how the rest of the 
portfolio also does on supply chain. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you so much for joining the call. The company remains focused on profitable growth and 
let me conclude this call with that positive note. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
