By Online Submission 
Sec/23-24/93 
Date:09-11-2023 
To,
The General Manager, 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Tower, 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai- 400 001 
BSE Code: 524370 
To,
The General Manager, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051. 
NSE CODE: BODALCHEM 
Dear Sir /Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of “Bodal Chemicals Limited Q2 & HI FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
We enclosed the transcript of Q2 & HI FY24 Earnings Conference Call with Investors and Analysts 
which was held on November 06, 2023.  
Kindly take the same in your records please. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For, BODAL CHEMICALS LTD 
Ashutosh B Bhatt 
Company Secretary 
Encl: a/a 
Ashutosh 
Bharatkumar 
Bhatt
Digitally signed by 
Ashutosh Bharatkumar 
Bhatt 
Date: 2023.11.09 
11:57:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Bodal Chemicals Limited Q2 & HI FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Disclaimer: This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information 
should be verified with the company by the reader. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANKIT PATEL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, BODAL 
CHEMICALS LIMITED 
MR. MAYUR PADHYA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
BODAL CHEMICALS LIMITED 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Bodal Chemicals Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ankit Patel - Executive Director from Bodal Chemicals 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Ankit Patel: 
Thank you very much. Good evening, everybody. On behalf of Bodal Chemicals Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to everyone for joining us on the call today. 
On this call, we are joined by our CFO – Mr. Mayur Padhya. I hope everyone had an opportunity 
to go through the financial results and investor presentation which have been uploaded on the 
stock exchanges and our Company's website. We will give you a quick overview of the recent 
developments in the chemical industry and in our Company and then Mr. Padhya will walk you 
through the financial performance for the quarter. 
For industry highlights: 
The inflation in major economies continues to be at a higher level than the normal leading to 
lower purchasing power with mass, which results in lower consumption at end user industries 
and lower demand for our industry. Uncertainty of end of war between Russia and Ukraine 
further decelerated demand scenario of the chemical industry. Slow exports for textiles, leather 
and paper leading too subdued performance of Dyestuff over the last few quarters. The European 
market has been slow for more than 5 quarters now owing to multiple headwinds from rising 
inflation to uncertain geopolitical scenarios. The US is experiencing the most aggressive interest 
rate hike causing financial conditions to tighten and if these trends continue impacting the 
demand. Industry expects this weakness may continue for the short term, but gradual recovery 
is also expected. In today's environment where Indian suppliers are emerging as preferred 
partners globally, we have been able to leverage our leadership position. We are the India's 
largest integrated manufacturer of Dyestuffs and Dye intermediates and hold a meaningful 
market share in the world. 
Coming straight to the operational performance: 
Overall business performance for the first half FY24 has been weak as the Company's total 
revenue stood at Rs. 677 crores, a degrowth of 22% due to the decline in prices of raw material 
and margin is on account of decline in overall demand. 
Coming to Dye intermediates: 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
H-Acid and Vinyl sulphone prices were stable at a lower level. On positive side, in first half 
FY24, total revenue from Dye intermediate chemicals stood at Rs. 205 crores as reported growth 
of 16% on year-on-year and it is due to the input volume. In Q2 FY24, as I said Vinyl sulphone 
prices were near Rs. 420 for H-Acid and Rs. 215 for Vinyl Sulphone. Volume has improved, 
however, margins are still under pressure due to lower realization. More than 40% of our 
intermediate products are used for the captive purpose of manufacturing various ranges of 
Dyestuff. Over the next few years, revenue pie from this vertical will eventually go down and 
business from Dyestuff will increase in favor of steady business growth. 
Coming to our Dyestuff: 
The end application industries like textile, leather, paper and other Dyestuff consuming 
industries have not performed well during the last few quarters. All leading textile companies 
are facing global headwinds which have curtailed the outlook of Dyestuff products. The Dyestuff 
business for the first half stood at Rs. 227 crores. 
For Basic Chemicals division about 50% of our Basic chemical is captively used for Dye 
intermediates. The volume is optimum, however, due to the declined raw material and finish 
good prices, the revenue for the first half stood at Rs. 63 crores, the revenue degrowth of 42% 
compared to the first half of FY23-24. 
Coming to the Chlor-Alkali business: 
Post upgradation CAPEX, the Chlor-Alkali business has performed reasonably well. In terms of 
production achieved 16% growth in volume in the first half FY24 year-on-year basis. However, 
due to adverse market conditions of caustic chlorine industry revenue today at Rs. 129 crore and 
has reported a degrowth of 26%. 
Coming to the new project: 
Benzene derivatives, as highlighted in the earlier call, our main goal is to replace imports and 
capture business in the pharma and agrochemical markets where PNCB and ONCB are used. 
We will be installing the capacity of 63,000 metric tons per annum of benzene derivatives. The 
Saykha Greenfield project is progressing well and is expected to start by Q3 FY24. Sener Boya, 
our Turkish Company has performed well, though there are global headwinds in the chemical 
industries and severe earthquake in the Turkey in the recent past whereas the other industries 
have incurred nominal losses in a medium to long run view, these subsidiaries will bring 
meaningful business. However, in short term, we are expecting a modest performance. 
We have been moving up the value chain and working relentlessly towards diversifying the 
business from our core Dyestuff and Dye intermediate business to other specialty chemical 
products like Benzene derivatives. Once we have decent visibility of demand for our product 
portfolio and new site is stabilized, we will restart the Sulphuric acid project. While the global 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
growth and demand is impacted, growth momentum in India is strong. We will expect Chlor-
Alkali business will contribute meaningful business in the coming years on back of our 
technology upgradation. 
We foresee demand for caustic soda to remain healthy from FMCG, textiles and paper industries. 
Since very few players have a presence in North India, we will have a competitive edge to a 
certain extent. Manufacturers and exporters in India are having a challenging time managing the 
overhead cost. Over the years, the chemical industry has seen a transformation. Management is 
taking measures in terms of scale, cost, integration that will help to sail through this tough time. 
Thank you and now I will hand over the call to Mr. Mayur Padhya to walk you through the 
financial performance. 
Mayur Padhya: 
Good evening, everyone. The overall performance of the Company has been muted for the 
quarter gone by. Our standalone performance for Q2 FY24 is as follows. Total revenue for Q2 
FY24 stood at Rs. 334 crores, EBITDA stood at Rs. 28 crores in Q2 FY24 with a margin of 
8.5%. Net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 1.03 crore. Our standalone performance for H1 FY24 
is as follows. Total revenue for H1 FY24 stood at Rs. 663 crores, EBITDA stood at Rs. 56 crores, 
net profit for the half year stood at Rs. 2.1 crores. 
Our consolidated performance for Q2 FY24 is as follows: 
Total revenue stood at Rs. 336 crores for Q2 FY24. EBITDA stood at Rs. 29 crores for Q2 FY24 
with a margin of 8.8%. Net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 1.24 crore for Q2 FY24. Our 
consolidated performance for H1 FY24 is as follows. Total revenue stood at Rs. 677 crores 
against Rs. 8.69 crores for H1 FY23. This includes the export of Rs. 27 crores and domestic 
sales of 73%. EBITDA stood at Rs. 60 crores in H2 FY24 and degrowth of 31%. Net profit for 
the half year stood at Rs. 3.45 crores against Rs. 32.79 crores of H1 FY23. H1 FY24 performance 
of the key subsidiaries was subdued except for Sener Boya. 
Segment wise performance on a consolidated basis for the H1 FY24 is as follows: 
Dyestuff revenue stood at Rs. 227 crores, Dye intermediate revenue at Rs. 205 crore, Basic 
chemical revenue at Rs. 63 crores and Chlor-Alkali revenue stood at Rs. 129 crores. 
Total production volume on a standalone basis for H1 FY24 is as follows. Dyestuff reported 
6834 metric tons. Dye intermediate reported 10,492 metric tons. Basic chemical reported 
1,12,034 metric tons. Chlor-Alkali stood at 38,094 metric tons. Our net date is at about Rs. 800 
crores at the end of H1 FY24 on a consolidated basis. 
With this, I conclude the presentation and open the floor for questions and answer and further 
discussion. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, first question was on to the Dye intermediate side, like sir from second quarter of FY23, 
there you have reported the weakest volume for Dye intermediate of 2200 tons and there, sir we 
have witnessed a very swift improvement in volumes to around like 5000 metric tons for Dye 
intermediate, so that this improvement in volumes of Dye intermediates on quarter-on-quarter 
basis and Y-o-Y basis, sir despite the Chinese competition, so which are the major player into 
this business, have we not witnessed any sort of headwinds like increasing imports from China 
which is like impacting volume, but despite that, your numbers continue to remain good owing 
to the volume from the Dye intermediates, if you can share some idea as to whether has led to 
this improvement? 
Ankit Patel: 
If you look at it on a year-on-year basis, then last year FY23 the same quarter, it was the lowest 
quarter in terms of Dye intermediate manufacturing for us. In recent few years that was the worst 
time that we had experienced in the Dye intermediate business and that is why the volumes had 
really gone down in that quarter last year, but this year, because we are looking at it in a year-
on-year basis, that is why the increase is 100% and the volumes look really solid, but if you look 
at quarter-on-quarter basis, then compared to June quarter, the increase is not that big that much. 
So that is the reason why you see a big increase. So I feel that the volumes are quite normal 
where now due to the raw material cycles getting in a comfortable zone, we are now able to at 
least go for our manufacturing volumes, so that has been happening in the last couple of quarters. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, on quarter-on-quarter basis, also, there is almost 18% jump into the Dye intermediate 
volumes, so what is the like major reason for this jump? Is it because of the good demand or 
lower imports from China or like higher export of Dye intermediate? So this is a domestic 
product, so what is that fundamental factor which is like leading to this improvement in 
volumes? 
Ankit Patel: 
Basically, the improvement is all because of the stability that we have experienced. So, 
September quarter was definitely a little better in terms of overall demand and more importantly 
the basic chemical cycle, the coal prices cycle, they were more comfortable. So that is why the 
September quarter actually had a more favorable scenario in terms of Dye intermediate 
production and business. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, on to the pricing side, so have we not like witnessed any increase in imports from China 
because still the demand in China continues to remain weak and they were the largest exporter 
of Dye intermediates like Vinyl Sulphone and H-Acid and pricing almost remains stable on 
quarter-on-quarter basis, so have you not experienced any increasing imports or any sort of? 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Ankit Patel: 
Routine imports happen, but there was not any, though you are right about the local Chinese 
demand what we hear about is a little weak and uncertain right now, but as far as intermediates 
go, there are no extra imports that is coming in, even currently I would say. So that is why this 
intermediate demand it is quite stable right now, we are local demand and there is no extra 
pressure of any Chinese import. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Is it also, sir because they are operating at lower utilization levels and if suppose there is an 
improvement in demand in China and in other countries they can further like increase the 
production and increase the exports, can this be a thing which we should work out? 
Ankit Patel: 
No, I don't think so. If the demand improves in China, then obviously they will cater to that 
market rather than exporting all the way to India and their production levels are also not very 
weak. I think they are also doing quite, in terms of numbers I think all the big plants are 
operational. They are doing quite normal volumes at the moment. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, into your Chlor-Alkali business caustic soda, so prices like last quarter only they had 
witnessed record low level and this quarter also pricing continues to remain subdued, so what is 
that factor like you had mentioned that the improvement in demand from FMCG could be like 
the leading driver wherein the Chlor-Alkali business could improve, so currently like for this 
quarter that has remained subdued and that is the reason why prices have not gone up and it is 
anticipated that price might go up going ahead? 
Ankit Patel: 
So going ahead in the longer run, we are linking it with the Indian’s GDP growth and overall 
India’s agrochemicals, pharma, specialty chemical, other chemical space, even textiles, even 
alumina, these are all the consumptions where we are witnessing a growth cycle. There are a lot 
of investments coming up in this space and with the Indian GDP growing overall country 
growing, overall incomes of the citizens growing, I think we see more spending because this has 
wide application, so in a long term what we believe is that we are going to witness good demand 
and in North there are very few plants. So where in Western part of India there are many 
capacities and it gets crowded sometimes, but in North, there are limited capacity. So, the 
opportunity is also good. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, last quarter, so Mayur sir has highlighted the fact that we would be getting some benefits 
onto the incentives front, so from which quarter this would start? 
Mayur Padhya: 
It is not yet certain, we have already applied, but it is the government. So how much time they 
will take is uncertain, but we are expecting by March the approval should be there. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, what would be the run rate of incremental EBITDA per quarter? 
Mayur Padhya: 
This will accrue from November 22 and what we are expecting about Rs. 20 crores per annum, 
rough estimate as far as incentive, both electricity and the GST benefit for the Punjab division. 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, just one last question on to the demand, so pretty confident on to the dyestuff so how is the 
current demand of Dyestuff oriented currently and how we see increase our exports on 
Dyestuffs? 
Ankit Patel: 
I mean for a short-term comment, Dyestuff is still witnessing a little weaker demand mainly 
because of the war in Europe and US inflation problem. So we don't see any immediate major 
increase in the demand coming in for Dyestuff, but we are doing decent volumes, but at the same 
time the overall Basic chemicals and other input cycles have stabled a little bit which is giving 
us a little comfortable working, manufacturing, so Dyestuff, I think will still take some time to 
increase in good double-digit growth. 
Aditya Khetan: 
So, for FY24 and for FY25, that could be flattish or high single-digit growth? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, FY24, so going ahead to the second half, it can be flattish year, but FY25, it really depends 
on how geopolitical, what all happens in the world still it depends on that, but I think in two or 
three quarters we should see some good improvement. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, can you shed some light on the PNCB, ONCB market in India versus given the proportion 
of imports that we use in factory versus domestically manufactured? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, there is a good size of imports that happen in India. There are three other companies that 
produce PNCB and their volumes are about 1.75 lakh tons per year. At the same time, there is 
also 50,000 plus imports that happen across India. At the same time, I am only commenting 
about PNCB right now. Our total capacity is 60,000 tons plus, but that includes other four 
products also, but the main product will be PNCB. So, with the main product, our target is to 
penetrate into our existing customers. We also have a very solid customer base in pharma, into 
agrochemicals and also replace some of the imports. So looking at our existing customer base, 
we have more than 85% of our volume is already, I would say, is going to be sold in our existing 
customers and we also have about 15% of captive consumption, that will also play a key role 
and plus there is a good export to replace exports is also a good opportunity. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Kethan from SMIFS Institutional. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Kethan: 
Sir, on to the first half numbers as compared to your H1 FY23 numbers, on to the profitability 
side, the numbers remain quite subdued with the profit of only Rs. 3.5 crores for H1 and also 
onto the EBITDA side also, there has been a sharp decline, so sir like how you see second-half, 
so there should be a material improvement since you have already stated that the Dyestuff might 
remain flattish and Dye intermediate also have now reverted to the normal levels, so we should 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
see a flattish second-half or there should be a major improvement and going into FY25 which 
are the factors like should improve our EBITDA levels or topline levels from here on? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, from this level, as you have experienced and we have also declared the data, Dye 
intermediate business is slowly and gradually stabilizing. So, the quantum has improved and 
prices are also stable. So, there is a possibility that some improvement should be there in the 
prices of Dye intermediate and gradually it will follow in Dyestuff also. So, our old model that 
is Basic chemical, Dye intermediate and Dyestuff should start performing better going ahead. 
So we are expecting definitely somewhat betterment in second-half, but to quantify is difficult, 
but not in a major way, but there are certain areas what we are taking steps internally that is to 
reduce our fixed overhead because some of our plant which were working fully in the good time, 
now it is not viable to work over there. So, we are identifying that and gradual process is on, so 
over a period of time, we are targeting to reduce about Rs. 22 crores to Rs. 25 crores of fixed 
overhead reduction in the Company as a whole and another area as we mentioned that is about 
Rs. 20 crores of incentive that will become available to the Company from Punjab government. 
So, these two are the areas where we have different visibility and we are not dependent on any 
outside parameter. At the same time, what we are experiencing and what we are listening from 
other Company and industrial players that worst part is over, no doubt this current quarter, there 
are certain things like we need to have a closure of Sulphuric acid for one month and there is a 
Deepavali as well as Christmas, but overall mood or scenario if we look at that is improving and 
there is no threat from say China, last year in China prices of Basic chemical were very low 
compared to India. Now, in India also prices of like sulphur, caustic etc., are in parallel with 
China. So, there is no threat from China and there is a level playing field between India and 
China now as far as Dye intermediate is concerned, so yes, gradual improvement we are 
experiencing not in a very big way, but some improvement has to be there. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, this net debt figure which you have given of Rs. 800 crores, in this we have factored in 
the incremental debt we would be taking for Benzene derivative or like there would be like 
further increase into this net debt figure from here on? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, this is the date at the half year end and there will be some increase by about Rs. 75 crores 
to Rs. 80 crores which is undrawn limit. At the same time, there will be repayment of about Rs. 
50 crores in the balance of two quarters. So, there would be maybe hardly Rs. 20-Rs. 30 crores 
of improvement. So at the quarter end or the year end, the figure maybe between Rs. 800 and 
Rs. 850 crores of net debt. 
Aditya Khetan: 
And sir, like on to the margin side, so like for the last 7-8 quarters, we had witnessed very 
subdued margin performance in very low single digit ranging from like 4% to 7%-8% and sir, 
since we are the backward integrated player into Dyestuff and having a very decent market share 
globally, sir like when can we see that material improvement into margins from this low single 
digit to around at least mid of like 12% to around 13% margin? What would be the driving factor 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
like earlier, which Bodal Chemicals used to get, so any like a shift can be there or like we would 
be at the same level for the next few years? 
Ankit Patel: 
Last 3-4 financial years, there has been too many other outside factors, especially COVID and 
this European war that affected us, again this current scenarios where US, Europe, Middle East 
all are going through some issues, so due to all this the demand especially from the textile space 
has been very inconsistent and so we are not able to consistently perform, yes, we do have the 
integrated model, we do have a substantial share in India and also a sizable share in on global 
map, but due to all these outside factors, we are not able to consistently perform. So I think going 
ahead that is our internal target whenever the times are normal, the demands are normal, I think 
our business model without the integration it should be able to perform at least 12%-13% 
EBITDA levels and with the addition of Chlor-Alkali and Benzene, we are looking to even push 
it more towards 14%-15% starting from FY25. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Sir, Chlor-Alkali, in terms of our volumes, so it has nearly reached around 80%-85% utilization 
level, so things are like this much share of increase in Chlor-Alkali also have not been able to 
like shift your margin above that at least till date, so in future, like sir, how that can be a material 
driver for your margin change? 
Ankit Patel: 
So, there is room for improvement in the volume. Today, we are operating at around 80% and 
we can still take it another 15% more and most likely in 2-3 months’ time, we are going to have 
a good 15%-20% improvement in the volume. So that should add some a little bit to the margins. 
Also, internally in that complex, we are adding more pipeline buyers in terms of our chlorine 
and hydrogen. That is also going to make some difference and it is going to give us some more 
realization. We also made recent changes to boilers where our energy costs will also come down. 
There are still a few more factors which are yet to contribute to the optimum level. So, I think 
going ahead in another three months or something, I think all these factors will come into the 
play and it should give us an additional EBITDA of Rs. 20-Rs. 30 crores from the Chlor-Alkali 
business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain, an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sir, my question is, how do you see the situation on the ground with smaller units which are not 
integrated like yours, are they closed down in the past 3-4 years because of the terrible situation 
in demand? 
Ankit Patel: 
No, the smaller units have actually not closed down because what is happening is because of this 
global uncertainties, we are integrated, yes, but then there is also material that started coming in 
from China and because even for integrated players like us, we are not able to sell or maximize 
our Dyestuff sales, so then our intermediate is also available for other competitors. So, it is not 
making them go out of business, but they are also, I would say, surviving because in Dyestuff 

 
Bodal Chemicals Limited 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
there are many products. So because there are many colors and different shades, there is a wide 
number of products, I would say, more than 300-400 and at the same time there is also entire 
globally, there is a textile consumption happening every year. So due to that, even though the 
smaller players have their own product range, they also have their own market share. It could be 
all the way in South America, it could be here in South India, it could be in Bangladesh. It is a 
very big market. So still industry has not really reached the point where the integrated players 
can force the smaller not integrated players to go out of business. It is not happening. 
Rahul Jain: 
And sir, could you please quantify once again the impact of cost savings and the incentive 
exactly for my benefit? 
Ankit Patel: 
Yes, there are two parts as I was discussing earlier, we are eligible for incentive in terms of 
waiver of electricity duty in Punjab. In Punjab, our electricity expense per month is almost about 
Rs. 12 crores and it includes about 15% of electricity duty and once we get this permission from 
government, almost about 10% to 11% duty will get waive off. So, we will be saving almost 
about Re. 1 crore to Re. 1.25 crore every month as far as electricity duty is concerned. And the 
second part is the GST benefit, so there is a formula given by Punjab government wherein almost 
25% of the GST paid by a Company will get reimbursed by government and in this case, where 
we are producing Chlor-Alkali, the value addition of GST is very big because our raw material 
is salt wherein GST is not involved whereas our finished goods are at 18% GST. So, there is a 
huge depth of input credit and output payment. So because of that also we will be benefited and 
for that we are estimating about Rs. 50 to Rs. 75 lakhs per month depending upon the prices of 
Chlor-Alkali that benefit will accrue to us. So, this is one part and as far as fixed expense is 
concerned, if you follow the Company, then we did some CAPEX in the year of 2017 and 2018 
when we did the QIP, so at that time, we have increased our Dyestuff facility to double. At the 
same time, we have acquired the two subsidiary Company, one was Trion, then SPS which later 
merged with Bodal, but due to this all uncertainty during last 3 years, these capacities were not 
being fully utilized and as we build the capacity, our overhead has increased, but now there is a 
time we need to reconsider this fixed overhead and that is what we are working and that is why 
we are targeting and we feel that we will achieve reduction of fixed overhead to the tune of Rs. 
22 to Rs. 25 crores gradually. I hope I have made your point clear. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I now have the conference over to the management 
for your closing comments. 
Ankit Patel: 
With this, we conclude the call and would like to thank everyone for joining us today on this 
evening earning call. If you have any further questions, you can contact us. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Bodal 
Chemicals Limited concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
