 
 
SEC/SE/081/2023-24 
Chennai, November 08, 2023 
 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), 
Mumbai - 400051 
NSE Symbol - DATAPATTNS 
To 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400001 
Company Code: 543428 
 
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of Earnings Conference Call  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Further to our earlier letter no. SEC/SE/073/2023-24 dated November 01, 2023 intimating the schedule of 
earnings conference call on the financial results for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023, 
please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call held on Monday, November 06, 
2023.  
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on website of the Company.  
 
We request you to take the above on record and oblige. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
For Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
 
 
Prakash R 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No: A34652 
 
 
Encl: As above  
 
 
 
 
Digitally 
signed by 
R 
PRAKASH
R 
PRAKA
SH

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 06, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S. RANGARAJAN – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MR. VENKATA SUBRAMANIAN – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DATA PATTERNS (INDIA) LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. MONALI JAIN – GO INDIA ADVISORS 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Data Patterns (India) Limited Q2 and H1-FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will 
be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Monali 
Jain from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over to you, ma'am. 
Monali Jain: 
Thank you Aman. Good morning everyone and welcome to Data Patterns (India) Limited 
Earnings Call to discuss the Q2 and H1-FY24 results. We have on the call Mr. S. Rangarajan, 
Chairman and Managing Director and Mr. Venkata Subramanian, Chief Financial Officer. We 
must remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain forward-looking 
statements and must be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risk that company faces. May 
I now request Mr. Rangarajan to take us through the company's business outlook and financial 
highlights, subsequent to which we will open the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you, Monali. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. I thank you for joining us today for 
the Q2 and H1-FY24 results call. 
 
I hope you had a chance to go through the earnings presentation which is available on both the 
stock exchanges and on our website. Before Venkata takes us through the financial results, I 
would like to give you a quick rundown on some of the important updates and key highlights for 
this quarter. I am delighted to share that we have achieved another profitable quarter, 
demonstrating our steady growth. 
 
Our revenues have increased, contributing to our company's sustained growth trajectory. We 
have started participating in large value tenders under the Make-1 and Make-2 categories with 
Ministry of Defense. This strategic move is to increase our total addressable market and increase 
the future revenue. 
 
I am also proud to announce that we have already invested at least INR10 crores for our new 
product development in the field of radar, electronic warfare, and communication systems. Our 
order book during Q2-FY24 reached INR1,000 crores, with an order inflow of INR145 crores, 
which includes an export order of about INR39 crores. Moving on to a brief financial overview, 
in Q2, our revenue from operations increased by 23% year-on-year to INR108 crores. 
 
In H1, it grew by 27% year-on-year. Gross margins remained robust at 69% and 67% year-on-
year in Q2 and H1 respectively. EBITDA exhibited a growth of 36% year-on-year in Q2.  In 
H1, it grew by 34%. The defense sector is one of the essential sectors for the government. The 
government has recently given the green light for defense acquisitions amounting to INR7,800 
crores. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
 
This decision aims to enhance our armed forces' combat readiness. When coupled with the 
government's Make in India initiative, it opens the doors to significant prospects for us. These 
developments provide an ideal platform to seize opportunities, enabling us to develop and 
provide innovative products for the defense sector. 
 
Keeping the sectoral tailwinds in mind, we had raised at least INR500 crores through QIP to 
develop products in radars, EW, communications, and satellites. These products, once 
developed, will provide sustainable growth and possible exports. At this point, I'll pass the floor 
to Venkata for his comments. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you, sir. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. We are delighted to report outstanding 
performance in Q2 and H1 FY24. Let me provide an overview of the financial results. In H1 
FY24, the revenue from operations surged by 26% year-on-year and stood at INR198 crores. 
The gross margin for H1 stood at 67% supported by our strong revenue mix. 
 
EBITDA grew by 33.5% year-on-year to INR69 crores, and EBITDA margin stood at 34.6%. 
Profit before tax stood at INR81 crores, whereas profit after tax increased by 69% year-on-year 
to INR60 crores. In Q2 FY24, the revenues exhibited year-on-year increase of 23%, reaching to 
INR108 crores. We effectively maintained a robust gross margin at 69% in Q2. 
 
Profit before tax stood at INR46 crores, and profit after tax witnessed an impressive 61% growth, 
reaching to INR34 crores. We maintained a debt-free balance sheet, reflecting our prudent 
financial management. As of September 30, 2023, we hold over INR603 crores in cash and cash 
equivalents, signifying our strong financial stability and liquidity. 
 
Overall, we delivered a strong performance in Q2 and H1 24 and are confident of steady growth 
momentum for the year ahead. With this, we will now proceed to the question-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. First question is from the line of Ashish Shah from JM Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Ashish Shah: 
Yes. Good morning and thank you for the opportunity. So, first of all, if you can just help us 
understand a bit more on the nature of the orders which have been received for the quarter. So, 
obviously, we have given the description in the presentation, but any more color in terms of what 
is the underlying product, the delivery timelines, etc., will help. 
S. Rangarajan: 
We have an export order of nearly INR39 crores, which will be delivered next year. And then 
some of the other orders is for avionics and INR30-plus crores, which will get again delivered 
over the next 12 months. Some of the other orders, I think part of it will be delivered this year, 
part will be delivered next year. 
 
But all of them, whatever the orders are received, they are all towards delivery of this year and 
the next financial year. Nature of the orders is very similar to what we have been doing. It falls 
on avionics, some for LCA Mark 1A requirements, and some for EW, some for radars. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
And those are the areas where already we have been doing business, and that's what it is. We 
have also negotiated some contracts for about INR70-odd crores, and those are also the same 
areas of operation. 
Ashish Shah: 
Right, sir. So, secondly, there are two particular programs in the Dharashakti and Arudhra where 
DL has already received these orders and we are in a preferred position for the underlying 
contracts and products for our scope. So, how do you see the progress in these particular 
programs? Do you see them materializing for us at the end of this financial year? 
S. Rangarajan: 
It should. The inquiries have been received, we are addressing the inquiries, and as and when 
BHEL decides to place the order, we do expect that it should happen in the next few months. 
Ashish Shah: 
Right, sir. Lastly, in terms of working capital, so first half this year we have seen an improved 
performance, we have seen a positive cash generation. So, you expect that this should continue, 
especially because second half tends to be good for payments and deliveries, etcetera. So, would 
you expect a further improvement as we go ahead in the working capital levels beyond what we 
have seen in the first half? 
S. Rangarajan: 
As we have always been saying, in the next two years, we will see a gradual reduction of net 
working capital. It will go up quarter to quarter, you will see, or half year to half year, you will 
see it change, and working capital will come down as you go along, and it will be brought down 
as part of management initiative, and also because mix of orders which we are having is 
changing, and because of which the working capital cycle will be coming down. It will be 
happening. 
Ashish Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you for this. I will come back if I have more questions. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for my question and congratulations on a great quarter. Sir, my first question is on 
the line of, so our 2Q revenues were largely driven by DRDO and MoD. So, how do we expect 
execution in the second half of FY '24? It will be driven by which project? Any new execution 
or any upcoming development? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, for the second half, we have orders on hand. So, we will be executing the contracts. We 
have INR1,000 crores orders on hand. All of them have to be executed in this year, this financial 
year, and the next financial year, most of it, at least, will be executed in the next 18 months. So, 
automatically, in the second half, we will issue some of the orders on hand, and some of the 
larger orders, which can be issued only next year. 
The work is already on. Development and production has started for all of those things, so that 
we will deliver the contracts in time. So, that's how it is. Yes, our orders are largely DRDO and 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
DPSU driven today, and there may be a few direct MOD orders also we have, which will be 
executing one of them this year. 
The other important thing is, we also got some INR60 odd crores of contracts, export contracts, 
which also will get, I said INR38 crores, INR39 crores, this quarter we received one. We already 
have an export contract for the previous quarter. So, these are about INR70 crores, I think. I 
don't know the exact number, but it's around that. It will be executed next year. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for that explanation. Sir, my next question is on the lines of, so, any, like, so you 
mentioned about the exports. So, any update on, so where the export is coming from, from which 
geographies, and do we see any geopolitical situation impacting us in any way for any supply 
chain issues, any raw materials? 
S. Rangarajan: 
The present export orders are in three geographies. One is from Europe. The second one is in 
UK. The third one is from South Korea. We have orders from there. We continue to get business 
from UK. We're doing business with them for some few years now. We continue to get those 
contracts where we design and produce for them. 
We're also quoted to some other European, large European companies. As soon as that contact 
may also happen. Coming back to the second question is supply chain issues. At the present 
moment, we don't have supply chain issues because of the current war situation. 
But having been hit by supply chain issues during COVID, we're a bit aware, quite aware that, 
take this into cognizance, and we'll see whether we can stock components, where they're going 
to be next six months or nine months delivery. Maybe we should stock components. We're 
looking at all options. As of now, we don't have any supply chain issues. 
Dipen Vakil:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. Sir, and last question is on, so, last quarter you mentioned that the 
approvals for secret program was expected in a couple of months. So, what would be the status 
on that? You mentioned that it is there in user trials. So, have we received any update on that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We have participated in all the trial requirements with DRDO on this. We have completed our 
end work, and the systems have been actually handed over to them. They are now doing their 
work to take care of how, when the trials will happen. We will not be told of the trial in the last 
moment. So, we do know that it is getting ready. Beyond that, I cannot share any details. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Sure, sir. Sir, thank you so much, sir, and all the best for second half. 
S. Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics. Please 
go ahead. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question is on the new product development 
side. So, basically, we are developing new products in radar, EW communications, and satellite. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
So, what different are we doing? Like, these products, what are the new areas which existing 
product basket is not catering, but newer products will cater to?  
Because in existing product basket, we do have different kinds of radars, like tracking radars, 
weather radars, and satellite. We do have the satellite bus management services. So, what is the 
exact difference are we going to create with these new products? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Very good question. See, all along, our history has been with DRDO. So, we made parts of the 
systems, either radar, EW, or communications, whatever we do. We do parts of it, subsystems, 
and the entire system is designed by DRDO. But we continue to work with DRDO where we 
learn and build products for them. And then, it goes into, once field tested, we get products from 
DPSUs, like BEL or HAL, based on transfer technology from DRDO. 
But what has really happened now, the market has opened up. The MoD tenders are now 
addressable by people like us. Instead of only relying on foreign technologies to bring the 
technology inside and build products in India, and address these MoD requirements, we decided 
we will build products here. 
So, the essential difference is that while with DRDO, we're doing parts of the systems. And when 
it comes to MoD, we have to do the whole system ourselves. Yes, to enable this competency 
buildup over the last one decade or so, or in one and a half decades, we have built our own radars 
in non-different sectors, like wind profilers, with tracking radars, weather radars, and these kind 
of surveillance radars. 
All of them we have done. So, then we build a competency matrix within the organization. We 
build end systems. We invest a lot of money and effort, not looking at profitability figures. We 
build these capabilities in-house. We believe these capabilities now is going to have a lot of 
impact on the future products we are going to generate or develop for the MoD sector. 
So, in this, the difference essentially is that we build ground-up systems, addressing MoD 
requirements, either we make one or make two. Or is it going to be direct IDDM or buy Indian? 
These kind of categories of MoD. As well as some of the other contracts that are coming in, 
emergency procurements, all of that. For all of these contracts, we need to have products with 
us to demonstrate and go through a trial. Unless we build the complete products, we are not 
going to be ready to address these markets. 
That is the idea. We took QIP funds and then tried to invest and build the products. And the 
product category will be similar to what we are already doing, because we require a lot of domain 
abilities to build such products. And ground-up domain and competency doesn't come overnight. 
So, we will continue to build further capabilities in areas of radars. It can be various kinds of 
radars required by air force and army or navy. 
As well as, similar to that in EW. We have done receivers, now we do jammers, we do entire 
systems. So, we enhance the product category to build full systems. That is exactly what we are 
trying to do. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
CA Garvit Goyal:  
Okay, that's nice to hear. Secondly, are we looking to cater only defence sector going forward? 
Or with our research and design capabilities, we will go beyond the defence EMS and cater to 
the new areas like component manufacturing for semiconductors or anything like that? 
S. Rangarajan: 
I don't think at the present moment, we are looking at component manufacturing for 
semiconductor industry. See, the market here, we are in a INR400 crores, INR500 crores, 
IRN600 crores kind of a revenue model. The requirement in India is so large in the defence 
sector. And all of them have been relying on imports to address the market. 
So, we have a competency model which is deep down, domain developed, capability developed 
over the last two and a half, three decades to build capability in this product. So, our immediate 
management's immediate attention is to address this large opportunity which has opened up in 
India. 
We just got opened up and so I think we should use our capabilities to address the market right 
now and scale the company substantively. This is the first target which we have set for ourselves. 
The second is, because of the design abilities which we have done on all of electronics, the 
competency model built up. 
We also want to look at address markets outside India going along. This can be in defence. This 
can be in civil sector where quality and reliability is of a sense and fairly high-end technology 
which will go to rugged requirements. Those are the areas where we can get specialized and we 
would like to address those opportunities outside India. We see that there is a large portion of 
our business also starts coming from export. So, this is also an idea. 
We will work towards the next two years to three years' time to build the competency in the 
market and marketing abilities and position ourselves to address these opportunities. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. And, sir, in Q2, 27% of total inflows were from export and specifically 
highlighted in the presentation as well. So, do we expect it to be in the same way for the 
incremental orders? And with geopolitical tensions across the globe, are you people witnessing 
any increasing demand from exports over and above what we were expecting earlier? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Can you repeat the first part of the question? I have not really understood your question. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
I was saying, for the whatever incremental orders we got in Q2, 27% was from the export. So, 
going ahead, from whatever incremental order we will get in future, so the proportion of the 
exports will remain the same or it will change? 
S. Rangarajan: 
There is no proportion for export. These are all one-off orders. This is not a regular requirement. 
We put it in some requirements. The orders are coming in. We are going to quote such 
requirements as we go along. Like we quoted DRDO, we will actually quote to some systems 
abroad. And once it is established, based on their contracts, we will get repeat contracts. This is 
what we would like to do. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
But I would not like to do a projection at this point. Because we do not know the projection on 
their side. So, we do not know what to project here. The important thing is, we should engage 
the foreign OEMs with products from India. And we should seek such products. This will, I 
think, in the longer term, be very good for India and for Data Patterns. So, this is the effect we 
are trying to do. We are not trying to project anything. But the intent is to do more as we go 
along. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
The second part, due to any geopolitical tensions, are you able to detect any increased demand 
from exports? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No. It depends when they build the system. They do not change the supply chain so easily. It 
takes a long time to change the supply chain. Because you go to the qualifications and things 
like that. So, they cannot immediately change the supply chain. If you want to change something 
on the existing product and introduce new things, it will be a three- or four-year cycle. 
So, you need to start working with the supply chain. If the development initiative is done, if the 
case contracts are validated, if two systems are together, once the trials are over, they can place 
orders. So, it is a long-haul kind of a change. I do not think that because of geopolitical issues, 
immediate change will happen. Even if it were to happen, it will happen over a period of time. 
This is what I expect from my understanding of how systems are built and delivered. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Okay. And lastly, on the Pinaka side, the final trials for Pinaka are completed successfully. Have 
we participated to be a supplier for these products? Or are we expecting orders from it in the 
upcoming three to four months? And going by that, what kind of order input do we expect in the 
second half of this year? 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, we are not involved in the Pinaka system. So, I cannot answer. To come back to the previous 
question, there is a movement for Western countries to look at India seriously. To try to look at 
it as a supply chain. So, a lot of inquiries and interests have come. Presentation people have 
come visiting us. So, that interest is visible. So, I think we should grab their interest, address 
some of the opportunities and scale the business. This is what we are trying to do. But on Pinaka, 
we are not involved in Pinaka. 
CA Garvit Goyal: 
Understood. And sir, in the second half, what kind of order input do we expect? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We have made the guidance. We said INR45 crores for this year's order intake. So, whatever is 
expected, we expect to address that. We have got some INR45 crores orders already in the last 
quarter. I think we will expect the next to come in the next two quarters. There has been a bit of 
a delay, but the contract should happen. As predicted, the contract should happen. And we will 
retain the guidance which we have given in the initial calls. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. If you wish to ask a question at this time, then please press star and 1. The next 
question is from the line of Abhishek Agarwal from Naredi Investment. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Okay. Good morning, sir. I congratulate on a good set of numbers. The first question is, is the 
announced EBITDA margin you attend in Q2 is sustainable in Q3 and Q4 FY '24? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Okay. I think our overall gross margin will be slightly better than last year's EBITDA. It is 
slightly better. So, towards the end of Q4, EBITDA goes up rather than going down. This is how 
it is because the revenue goes up and our operation cost is lower. Typically, that's what happens. 
So, I believe we should be sustainable EBITDA margins going ahead. And if you look at last 
year's financials, we expect based on the order mix, it should probably be a bit better than last 
year's. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Okay. And second question, how many orders you have already bid and what is your success 
rate and what will be the order book at the end of financial or FY '24? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We can't give you exact numbers. That is why we say on an overall level, how much we can 
order to expect this year. And we are in line with whatever we projected earlier. But exactly 
what value will be there is something which I don't want to guess today. Maybe towards the next 
quarter end or something we have a much more clearer idea of where we are, we can give you 
guidance. 
But it will be like I said, the order info before FY '24 this year. Already we have something, the 
rest of the order should come. And based on guidance and whatever we deliver this year, the 
order book can be discussed maybe next quarter. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And what is our success rate if we bid for INR100 crore orders? So what do we get from INR100 
crore orders? 
S. Rangarajan: 
This is again very dependent. Because there are some quotes which go to the lowest quote, which 
we know we may or may not win, but we participate. So we don't really consider those contracts 
as our contract, because we are also one of the guys who quote there. But there are certain 
contracts which we want to have because it's our capability which we have built up. There we 
expect 100% contract. And that is how we build our business. 
Based on the capability and based on competition and what we have, that is how we build. So 
we are more strategic in nature. We are not actually building, though we do quote because the 
tenders come, we quote. But we are more very strategically poised. So I can't really give you a 
percentage on lost sales and percentage because mostly it will be on the relevant tenders it comes 
on the quote. We don't consider them as a lost sale actually. So conversion, on where we want, 
our conversions are very high. Wherever we want to get the contracts. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
Okay. And sir lastly, the EBITDA margin is higher in development contracts compared to 
production. How much percentage is more than production? 
S. Rangarajan: 
Actually, this is a misnomer. This is the idea that development contracts have a better margin 
than production. It's not actually true. In our case, I think, it is largely similar to development or 
production because we don't charge for development. Even in development contracts, the 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
development over time is not really charged to customers. Because all of them, we try to take 
the lowest quote price. 
And we start developing much ahead of the contract itself. So a lot of capability buildup happens 
over many years. And then we write off the development expenses and the revenue expenses, 
what we've been doing all along. So when a production contract comes, it is actually, they consult 
or they try to say, what is the development contract, what contract price we have. And that is 
taken as a basis. So normally, there is no difference between development and production 
contracts in our case. There may be variations and exceptions in there. But largely, it should be 
remaining the same. 
Abhishek Agarwal: 
And lastly, in H1, we get 35% of total revenue and 65% in H2. This trend is going to continue 
going forward. Because I am asking, in FY '23, our revenue is INR453 crores and we maintain 
25%-30% remaining gross. So in FY '24, we get around INR550crore, INR560 crores revenue. 
And H1, we get INR198 crores. So the remaining, we get INR452 crores, INR198 crores. So a 
good INR352 crores revenue, we are doing in H2. 
S. Rangarajan: 
We are getting overall guidance of 20%-25% overall growth from last year to this year. We will 
try to address that and retain that growth. And we are also attempting to reduce the seasonality 
and try to increase, you know, make it more quarter-to-quarter EVL. It's not been practical. 
We've done a fairly good job, considering a few years back, almost everything will come the 
last quarter. We have now reduced the last quarter sales because of visibility of contracts with 
us. 
Try to, you know, deliver in quarter one, quarter two also. Yes, there is a last quarter bias will 
be there. Last quarter, the last half year, second half bias will be there. But then I'm going to 
reduce the bias and we're trying to really see whether that can be brought down going ahead. So, 
we have already given a revenue projection guidance. We try to stick to that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We move to the next question. That is from the line of Mudit Kabra from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Sir, any sense on the opportunities for Data Patterns from the Su-30 radar and any other 
electronics upgrades program, which is expected? And any quantum or ballpark number on the 
opportunity size from here? 
S. Rangarajan: 
These are all things which are about to happen now. We would like to address them, participate 
in these programs. But at the present moment, we can't really say which portion we will get a 
contract, where we are going to be. We don't know now. We understand this is happening. We 
are also interested in participating in it. I can't tell you anything more at the present moment. 
Mudit Kabra: 
Got it, sir. And secondly, are we seeing or expecting any kind of slowdown in tendering or 
approvals in the defense space prior to elections? Has it started to kick in or are we expecting 
any kind of slowdown? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
S. Rangarajan: 
No, see, in the space we are operating, we are not seeing any difference. What we hear sentiment 
is, like you people say, we all hear the same sentiments, but I've not felt it in our tendering. And 
we are not in very large value ticket games, INR10,000 crores, INR20,000 crores. These kinds 
of tickets may get postponed. The smaller contracts probably tend to go ahead. So it's only a few 
more months. 
And we are quite busy doing what we have on order of hand. And that is some of the 
opportunities you talked about just now. So let us see how it goes. But we can't take a position 
on this. We really do not know. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipen Vakil from InCred Equities. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipen Vakil: 
Thank you for the follow-up opportunity. Sir you mentioned that the competition with the 
opening up is increasing. So I wanted to ask you, where does RS lie in terms of products? So 
which product, which major product do we have, which have less or no competition and which 
could possibly be the single vendor contract for us? 
S. Rangarajan: 
See, everywhere there is competition. India is a large country. And everybody, there is a lot of 
capability within India. Everybody will compete. So I cannot say which products will have no 
competition with single vendors. So we look at case-to-case opportunities and see if we address 
all the opportunities ourselves, then we'll be better priced, then we give a better timeline to 
deliver to the customer. 
And the customer then decides, yes, we need what we have. And maybe he decides on a single 
vendor opportunity, make a single vendor case. We'd be happy to address them. But ahead of 
time, we can't say which will be single vendor. It's very difficult, especially in a normal call like 
this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Shah from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes, thank you for the repeat opportunity. So my question is on the Donor Upgrade Program. 
So there, you know, we are in the free or in a preferred position for certain systems on the 
government side as well as the government also recently approved the upgradation of the 
avionics for the Donor. So is there any role that we are envisaging ourselves in the future? If you 
can just give some color on how the upgrade program is progressing? 
S. Rangarajan: 
We have some contracts on the Donor Upgrade Program from DRDO. It is progressing well. 
We're doing some of the EW systems for Donor. We have some EW systems here for DRDO. 
And also a radar, a surveillance radar we're designing for them. So these two are being developed 
and deliveries are happening as per schedule requirements. So we are waiting to watch. Once it 
is flight tested and contracts are placed by Navy to HAL, back-to-back, these orders should 
come. These are fairly high-end systems that are being designed with DRDO. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
So we're quite excited of this opportunity. And we believe that this should be rectified. If all 
things going well, our side and DRDO side meet Navy requirements, I believe that this should 
be a good opportunity for Data Patterns. But only the next one year we'll know. Once it is 
installed in flight and post-trials, we'll get an idea, size of business. 
And when we have an idea of size of business, when it will happen, we'll know only after a few 
more months. But yes, this is an exciting requirement. And there can be a lot of other what do 
you say, what are the product development done for these requirements? There can be other 
areas where such products can also be repositioned. So we are excited and we're working on 
these opportunities. 
Ashish Shah: 
Yes. So specifically on the avionics side, are we, you know, do we have a product that we can 
offer or are we in that fray for the avionics side of the fleet program? 
S Rangarajan: 
Yes. The radar is one. The EW, the ESM, as we call it, Electronic Surveillance Systems, the 
comment and mail-in, all that we're involved fully. So those are two things, areas. We've also 
developed a radio. I don't know if that is going to get used or not. We'll develop that. This is in 
some portion of the -- what is called an [AESP, part of ISS 0:35:24]. That also we are delivering 
some systems there. 
So a few packages like that we're designing, developing there, and delivering to them. So I think 
this is the essential upgrade will consist of such programs. The last part of the upgrade is what I 
understand. I don't know anything else which we are upgrading. We are not sure. This is all we 
are doing. 
Ashish Shah: 
Got this. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arvind from Value Quest Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Arvind: 
Congratulations on a fantastic set of numbers, sir. And happy Diwali well in advance. A couple 
of questions. The first one was regarding the deployment of the QIP funding for the MOD orders 
and the build prototype building. There was a there was some vision for satellite side orders as 
well. So some color on this, whether we are actively pursuing, whether there has been any 
interest in that? 
S Rangarajan: 
Okay, see, we talked about four areas of utilizing QIP funds and development. First is in radars. 
Second is in EW systems. Third is in communication systems. And fourth is satellite. We have 
proceeded with development detail design in programs in radars as well EW. And some work 
has also been initiated in the communication systems. This is work in process now. We did 
design a product development initiative. Budgets have been allocated and we're going ahead 
with development. 
Satellite fundamental design has been done at a very broad level, but more work is needed. We're 
trying to build a team to build this. There's a bit slower than the other three areas. But yes, all 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
four areas we are looking at. Initial work will come in the first three areas and products will start 
appearing. Testing for testing in the next few months' time. But the satellite will take a longer 
time. One, because components for the satellite also takes a long time to create. And also, we 
have not actually started the full design of the satellite yet. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics. Please go 
ahead. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Thanks for the follow-up. I want to ask the -- what is the order pipeline currently for which we 
are in the bidding process? And what is our success ratio for that bidding? 
S Rangarajan: 
Come again, I didn't understand your question. 
Garvit Goyal: 
I'm asking on the pipeline, basically, for which we are currently in the bidding process. And 
what is the expectation? Like, what is the success ratio? Or do we expect from that bidding 
process? 
S Rangarajan: 
See, the bidding happens weekly. You know, daily there is some tenders quoted. And we don't 
try to take that into cognizance and say until we're very sure some contracts will happen; we 
need to position. We only project that to the market or internally to our board. So, we have given 
you a revenue projection on order and next year expected contracts. We do have a pipeline based 
on so many contracts already we have developed with DRDO. We expect to create contracts to 
happen. But the exact timing of the contract, we are not very sure. And the value is not very 
predictable at the present moment. 
As when the tender inquiry comes to us, at that time we will be able to tell you what really is 
happening. But we do have a INR1,000 crores, INR2,000 crores kind of revenue pipeline. This 
is all based on previously developed orders and executed orders. And the orders which we are 
actually developing now and the programs which have been initiated both from MOD as well as 
in DRDO. Based on those kinds of programs, estimated can be about a INR1,000 crores, 
INR2,000 crores of pipeline for our products. But very granularity in this is at this present 
moment is very difficult to give and timing. 
Garvit Goyal: 
So, can't you give any color on like what kind of ordering flow can we expect in FY '25? 
S Rangarajan: 
Probably towards next quarter we should be able to give you. Let us do this this quarter and 
maybe some of the contract inquiries are the tenders supposed to happen. Since it has not 
happened, I do not know when it will be published and when we will get the order. And it has 
been the last six months we have been expecting something but there has been some delay. So, 
let us get some idea on the contract and then we will be able to tell the market. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood. And lastly on the Boeing India extension plan. So, just to understand a bit about the 
avionic side. So, can't we supply the avionics to Boeing India? 
S Rangarajan: 
No. We have not supplied anything. It is Boeing India expansion plan? 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Garvit Goyal: 
No, actually I was asking from that side because Boeing India has set a plan of INR10,000 crores 
yearly target for increasing the sourcing from India. So, that is why I was asking whether we are 
going to supply anyway to Boeing India going forward? 
S Rangarajan: 
We would like to supply a lot to Boeing India but at the present moment we don't have an 
indication exactly which one is being supplied. So, this is a long-term game. We will not be able 
to discuss that at the present moment. Yes, there is an interest in a lot of OEMs, foreign OEMs. 
We need to build that, make offers and all that but this is a longer-term play. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Understood, sir. Thank you, sir. And all the best for the future. 
S Rangarajan: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhijeet Singh from YES Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, my question is on the radar side. So, we have talked about 
enhancing our capabilities in terms of radar systems, moving up the value chain which would 
enable us to participate directly in the MOD vendors. So, what are the exact radar capabilities 
that we are working on? And by when can we expect production orders for these complete radar 
systems coming into Data Patterns? 
S Rangarajan: 
So, we have already done tracking radars. We have done surveillance radars. We have done 
weather radars. We can do, so all of them we have a competency. We can do fire control radars. 
So, fundamental competency exists in the company to build these radars. Of course, the size and 
scale depending on the application will change and say which portion we can do, which we don't 
have. We need to address based on the specific opportunity. So, we have a competency which is 
fairly wide and in all this we do ground-up design. All of the electronics, software, mechanical, 
engineering, all of them we build in-house. So that there is possibility. 
So, but when this will fructify into a contract, production contract is at this present moment not 
very clear. What we are trying to do is use the funds raised to build against specific requirements 
in the market and what we expect the requirements to happen. We are a bit ahead of the market 
requirement, build these capabilities because when the tender comes we will not have time to 
demonstrate. So, we need to do a whole lot of stuff much before this requirement comes for a 
trial. So, this is what we are trying to do. 
Be ahead of the curve, build the products and be ready for the demonstration requirements. And 
once that comes, then based on the tender process only we will know when the contracts will 
happen. But we are of course looking at the next three years, four years. We should get 
production orders. At least aiming for maybe three years from now, four years from now. Some 
contracts should trickle in before that. So, this is how we are trying to have a mix of products 
which will come and trickle in and give you a revenue potential over the next five years to seven 
years, 10 years. That is the kind of long-term play which we are looking at. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right. So, I mean, my question was more on the defense radars. So, you are saying that the 
capabilities that we already have for like we have built the weather radars, the Doppler radars. 
So, all those capabilities will come in handy when we try to make a product for defense 
application, is that what you are saying? 
S Rangarajan: 
No. What we are talking about capabilities, for example, search, surveillance, and search radars. 
It is required for defense. Fire control is required for defense. Some of the airborne systems have 
search and weather put together. The ground-based system is just weather requirements. And so, 
we look at radars. We have a capability to do a mix of radars for defense. The size of the radars 
and the application may vary depending on the platform. And we wouldn't -- so that is where I 
am saying. 
But the basic competency is there. But if you want to demonstrate a INR1,000 crore radar, I can't 
do that overnight. No, you understand what I am saying. So, we can build a INR500 crores radar 
and demonstrate. It may not be possible. The competency and elements may be with us. But it 
is very risky to invest that and show NCNC trial and find that you are not L1 data. So, we need 
to look at what the market says opportunity which can be addressed not just by competency but 
also as a measure of risk on investment. Whether it is worth taking the risk we need to address 
because it is public money. So, it is just not competency. 
We have a lot of competencies. We have built a lot of capability. So, we have been very prudent 
in what markets to address. We have a success ratio as we see can be very high because of 
uniqueness, built-in price model, cost model. So, a lot of things happen in this. Capability exists. 
For example, recently, we went and did some bought technology from ISRO. This is for 
synthetic-aperture imaging radar. They have done a very small radar a few years back. So, the 
technology is very old. 
We wanted to actually build the electronics can be far superior to the electronics -- technology. 
But the SAR imaging is one thing we have not done until now. We said, let us buy the knowledge 
base, change, put that into future radars which were designed, build the capability into our radars 
to see customer can be a complete capability can be exhibited. 
So, what we do is try to build all the gaps, knowledge gaps we have, build the domain which is 
necessary ahead of time. And this is what we have been doing all along, all these years. So, this 
has to be a long-term kind of investment model, which is what we are doing. 
But to answer your question, yes, all the military radars, we can do a fair amount of military 
radars from in-house capabilities. But the timeline to demonstrate may vary depending on the 
complexity or size of the radar. 
Abhijeet Singh: 
Right, sir. Understood. Thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Desai. As an individual investor, please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Praveen Desai: 
Good morning, sir. And congratulations for good results. My question is that we have a huge 
amount in our kitty from IPO as well as FPI. So, why we are very much slow in utilizing that 
amount, which is lying in our kitty? So, what is the reason behind it? Please? 
S Rangarajan: 
Okay. There are two reasons why we took this money. One is to build the infrastructure. Second 
is build the products. Now, there are two ways to do this. Incrementally go to the market and 
take as we require. Or take between all the projects we want to develop in the next two years to 
three years and then take it. We have taken the second option. Raise money which can be 
invested in the next two years to three years. Build the products because you can't go to market 
incrementally with small value. It's not possible. 
And it's not that we are not investing. Once the financial clearance is there and money is available 
with us, then only the programs can get kicked off. So, all the programs we talked about during 
QIB, this is all separate groups have been identified, asked for their responsibility. They did 
design work and started. A number of products in each of the categories which is required by 
MOD. And there is an urgent need for those kinds of products. Some have come out in tender. 
Some yet to be tender. The requirements are real. So, addressing the requirements, we do this. 
And the third point, we need to also understand such products cannot be designed in three months 
and five months. And the money spent is not going to be done in three months to five months. 
It will be taken a year to two years before these kinds of products can be developed and 
demonstrated. So, there is a timeline for this. And we need to have the money and see that the 
timelines are up. And the expenditure will happen over the period of the project or program. 
The other part is the infrastructure. Not only do we have to develop the products, but we also 
need to build a testing equipment and validation tools. And also, the production infrastructure in 
terms of orders to come, that also has to be done gradually. So, the money has been taken to 
even create the infrastructure on which case the production happens. We also have the 
infrastructure to support the production. Even this kind of large infrastructure and testing 
equipment is necessary. It cannot be done overnight. It takes an enormous amount of time to 
create it. It takes a couple of years to create infrastructure. 
So, this is what incrementally we started doing now. The plans are on to see how we build this 
capability in-house in India and the products in India. We still know it has not been done. 
Whatever we are trying to do is something the first-time which India is going to do, at least on 
the kind of specifications we are trying to bring, and complete competency in a single company 
doing all those products. It takes time. But we have kept the targets very high. We know that we 
can do these products. We have the competency model already established. But we have to get 
to go ahead doing it. 
We have raised money towards this. We will not be able to spend it overnight. It has to be spent 
very carefully over the next two years' time. And there is a cost audit, and there is a Deloitte is 
our Statutory Auditors now. We have had discussions on how the expenditure has been 
classified. A lot of things are happening in-house. But we are doing it the right way. I think we 
have done the right thing taking the money, and because opportunities have to be addressed only 

 
 
Data Patterns (India) Limited 
 
 
November 06, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
with orders -- only with products. India buys, MOD buys, and asks you to show the product 
before you even sit down selected to commercial bid opening. 
So we need to have the products. Nobody has the products in India, so everybody relies on 
products from abroad. Do a workshare arrangement with foreign OEM, and then demonstrate 
the products with most of the things coming from abroad. We are trying to do something very 
different. You require a long-term investment model to do this, because the game is going to be 
long-term. 
And we believe by doing this, and bring technology in India, it is going to be capable. Also, the 
bottom line is far better than we buy and integrate from others. It also gives us a competent to 
cost model to address the market here. We have taken a slightly harder way of looking at things. 
Build competency, build technology in India, compete with the foreigners, and address the 
market. This will require long-term money and long-term investment, which is what we have 
done. 
Praveen Desai: 
Yes. Got it, sir. Thank you very much. And wish you all happy Diwali. Thank you everybody. 
S Rangarajan: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions from the participants. I would 
now like to hand the conference back to the management for any closing remarks. Thank you 
and over to you. 
S Rangarajan: 
Thank you. Thank you all for listening in this conference call, Q3 conference call. What I would 
like to reiterate is Data Patterns is investing substantially in building products, international 
world class products for designing and developing. This is to see that to address Indian markets 
and also future markets out of other than India in export markets. But we need to have a start to 
build very, very high-end products for various kinds of critical applications in defense. 
And we have selected those applications and started the development work. I think in the next 
one year to two years' time, you will see a lot more progress going ahead. This is a long-term 
game and we need to invest longer term and adjust our deeper pockets to build big systems. I 
think we are on the right path. We are very confident or upbeat about what we are doing. I hope 
we are successful, but we are working on it to build a bigger company in the coming years. 
Thank you very much for the patience. Thank you. 
Monali Jain: 
 
Thank you. 
Venkata Subramanian: 
Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
