 
 
 
9th November, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Listing Dept. / Dept.  of Corporate Services, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Security Code : 539301 
Security ID      : ARVSMART 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Listing Dept., Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G. Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
Symbol : ARVSMART 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with Analysts / Investors. 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we are attaching herewith transcript of the conference call with analysts / 
investors held on Thursday, 2nd November, 2023 to discuss Q2 FY 24 Results of the Company. 
 
The same is being uploaded on the website of the Company. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Makwana 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Prakash Bhogilal 
Makwana
Digitally signed by Prakash 
Bhogilal Makwana 
Date: 2023.11.09 18:40:59 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 34 
 
 
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2024 Results Conference Call 
November 02, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Amit Sharma from Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you. 
Amit Sharma: 
Thank you very much. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining 
us on the Q2 and H1 FY2024 results conference call of Arvind 
SmartSpaces Limited. We have with us here today on the call Mr. Kamal 
Singal, Managing Director and CEO; Mr. Ankit Jain, the Chief Financial 
Officer; Mr. Avinash Suresh, Chief Operating Officer; Mr. Prakash 
Makwana, Company Secretary; and Mr. Vikram Rajput, Head Investor 
Relations.  
 
Please note that a copy of the disclosure is available on the investors 
section of the website of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited as well as on stock 
exchanges. Please do note that anything said on this call that reflects the 
outlook towards the future, which would be construed as forward-looking 
statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risk that the company 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 34 
 
faces. I like to now hand over the call to Mr. Kamal Singal for his opening 
remarks. Over to you Sir! Thank you. 
Kamal Singal: 
Thanks a lot and a very good morning to all of you who are present on this 
call. Thank you for joining us today to discuss operating and financial 
performance of Arvind SmartSpaces for the second quarter and also for the 
half year ending September 30, 2023.  
Diwali is around the corner and I wish you all a very, very happy Diwali 
and a prosperous New Year. My wishes also are there for the Indian cricket 
team. I hope the boys lift the trophy once again in the second half of this 
month post Diwali.  
I would like to begin by sharing my thoughts on the real estate 
environment and broad highlights for the quarter and then we will look 
forward to your questions on anything that you wanted to ask. 
 
The Indian real estate industry’s path is filled with promise and potential, 
projections indicate the industry will touch a trillion-dollar mark by 2030 
and thus strengthening its role as a major contributor to the nation’s 
economy. The industry is harvesting the power of technology, embracing 
sustainable practices and adapting to the ever-evolving market dynamics.  
The Indian real estate market has entered a secular upcycle driven by 
factors like increased affordability, rise in salaries, stabilizing of mortgage 
rates, etc., and this trend is expected to persist over the next few years 
which is expected to then sustain a healthy level of demand across various 
segments. Every major city across the country is experiencing very, very 
robust demand and high volumes of sales affirming the industry’s 
improving outlook in general. This is especially true for progressive and 
branded players in the industry with very good business practices and 
governance structures in place. Both government and the real estate 
developers are taking proactive measures to expand availability of quality 
living spaces to the consumers in general.  

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 34 
 
Consolidation, scaling up, etc., are some of the features of this upcycle 
which is separating the wheat from the chaff. And leaders like Arvind 
SmartSpaces are driving very robust business development, seeing a 
pickup in launches, growing cash flows, diversifying across products and 
markets and witnessing market share gains, etc., and delivering sustainable 
growth in the medium to long term.  
At Arvind SmartSpaces, our transformative approach goes beyond 
peripheral shifts, it goes deeper into design aspects, facilitation of changing 
living habits to create an optimum experience for our customers. This has 
in-turn supported our objective to bridge the gap between what the 
customer wants and what the developers are looking to supply. As a result, 
our business model is driving sustainable growth while using 
organizational resources optimally to generate healthy returns and cash 
flows. 
 
Coming to the quarter in Q2 2024 we have indeed witnessed outstanding 
results, our sales has surged to new heights registering a remarkable 95% 
year-on-year growth for the quarter reaching an impressive Rs. 369 Crores 
for this quarter. This substantial growth can be largely attributed to 
successful launches during the quarter. These new launches have not only 
strengthened our sales momentum but have also set a new milestone for us 
with quarterly sales crossing Rs. 300 Crores mark for the very first time.  
One of the standout achievements of this quarter was the introduction of 
Uplands 2.0 and Uplands 3.0 at village called Adroda in South 
Ahmedabad. We have been doing quite a bit of work in west and north 
Ahmedabad, but this is our first project in south and hence it is all the more 
important. The response from our customers is nothing short of exception. 
We managed to secure sales of around Rs. 300 Crores, selling out the 
entire phase one of this project in 3 days, which encompasses 
approximately more than 4 million square feet of plotted development. 
This is a clear indication of the trust and confidence our customers have in 
our brand and the quality of our offerings.  

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 34 
 
We are also happy to report that our collections during the quarter reached 
a new milestone. We recorded highest ever quarterly collections with a 
substantial 133% year-on-year growth amounting to Rs. 263 Crores for the 
quarter. This achievement is especially significant as it marks the highest 
ever quarterly collection for the fourth consecutive quarter. This trend 
underscores our ability to maintain a strong operating cycle, aligning our 
sales, construction, and delivery process effectively.  
Furthermore when we look at the overall performance for the first half of 
this fiscal year, we have achieved a record-breaking half yearly sales which 
exceeds Rs. 500 Crores and to be precise Rs. 504 Crores which represents 
a remarkable 64% year-on-year growth, additionally half yearly collections 
have also reached an all time high standing at Rs. 467 Crores and showing 
a substantial year-on-year growth of 90%.  
We have also achieved an important milestone by successfully concluding 
first platform with HDFC Capital Advisors through HCARE- 1 fund. The 
platform delivered strong returns in the two and half years of its operations 
and we're delighted about the positive impact this has had on all our 
stakeholders. 
 
In addition from the operating standpoint we have expanded our footprint 
by acquiring a new residential high rise project in Bengaluru. The project is 
located at Bannerghatta Road and marks our geographical expansion into 
the city in this key market of south Bengaluru. This project comes with a 
topline of around Rs. 400 Crores further enhancing our business 
development potential. With this addition our total business development 
potential for the financial year now stands at an impressive Rs. 2,800 
Crores for the year. We remain on track to meet our goal of investing 
Rs.1,000 Crores making this a record year for our new project pipeline. 
 
Now moving from operational updates to the financial highlights, H1 we 
have reported revenue of around Rs. 140 Crores up 26% on a year-on-year 
basis. EBITDA for H1 grew by 73% to Rs. 36 Crores, PAT for H1 grew 38 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 34 
 
% to Rs. 17 Crores and in Q2 we reported a revenue of Rs. 73 Crores up 
44% year-on-year and EBITDA grew by 177% to Rs. 20 Crores, PAT for 
the quarter grew 79% to Rs. 9 Crores for the quarter.  
Our balance sheet position remains very strong despite expanding 
operations, our net debt decreased to Rs. (141)  Crores means we had 
surplus of Rs. 141 Crores in the balance sheet as on September 30, 2023 
from a net debt of around Rs. (87) Crores which existed as on June 30, 
2023. A crucial parameter in real estate reflecting the underlying business 
performance quite well is the operating cash flows. During the quarter 
operating cash flows amounted to Rs. 160 Crores and we closed the quarter 
with a net cash position of Rs. 26 Crores. Operating cash flows during the 
first half stood at Rs. 271 Crores this means Rs. 160 Crores for this current 
quarter and Rs. 111 Crores for the previous quarter and put together the 
number stands at Rs. 271 Crores of operating cash surplus that we 
generated for this year as a whole in the first 6 months. We estimate an 
unrealized operating cash flow exceeding Rs. 2,205 Crores from the 
completed, ongoing, and yet-to-be-launched projects.  
As you would have noticed in our presentation we have very recently pre-
launched Sarjapur project, this project we have been talking about in the 
last few calls. The project is named Forest Trails. This is a premium villa 
project with 1.2 km of forest trail for walking and jogging and some of the 
finest of amenities for the micro market and in general. We look forward to 
deliver an exceptional experience to our customers in Bengaluru and this is 
going to be our biggest villa project in Bengaluru thus far. 
 
To conclude real estate industry’s demand supply dynamics remains very 
robust. The ongoing trends of consolidation and corporatization are further 
enhancing the outlook for branded players. Our diversification efforts 
spanning both horizontal and vertical developments in Bengaluru and 
Ahmedabad are making very, very good progress. We expect to extend 
these same attributes to Pune and MMR as well with a focus on growing 
presence in these newer markets. With a strong brand, expanding 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 34 
 
geographical footprint, innovative product portfolio, prudent capital 
allocation, a very strong balance sheet with a very significant headroom to 
raise capital further and a commitment to operating excellence along with 
governance structures that we have in place already Arvind SmartSpaces is 
well positioned to sustain its path of profitable growth. We are progressing 
well to end the year on a very strong note with a slew of launches in 
pipeline.  
On that note I will conclude my opening remarks and I would now like to 
ask the moderator to take over and open the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. 
We have our first question from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir my first question is on the launch pipeline and business development 
pipeline can you give us some colour on where are we in terms of launch 
pipeline in the second half and what is the business development pipeline 
for us? 
Kamal Singal: 
I guess I could still hear the question and understand what exactly is 
expected here if I may rephrase the question for everybody Biplab is 
basically asking for the launch plan from here onwards for the rest of the 
year. So Biplab thanks for joining and very good morning. Our launch plan 
is very strong. We are hoping that anything between four to five projects 
will be launched within this financial year and these four to five projects 
should carry a topline potential of around Rs. 1700 to Rs. 1800 Crores in 
total, so this is the launch that we are very hopeful that we should be able 
to bring to the market in next 6 months’ time. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Sir in terms of business development I believe in the platform 2 with 
HDFC, we have significant like around Rs. 600 -Rs 700 Crores to be 
deployed do you think in the second half of this financial year we will be 
able to deploy the entire amount? 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 34 
 
Kamal Singal: 
The second part of the question obviously was related to the BD side of it. 
This year has been a very, very strong year in terms of BD and we have 
almost touched Rs. 2,800 Crores of new project pipeline already but then 
many of the projects that we have taken of this Rs. 2,800 Crores of pipeline 
has come through JD route and hence that means that we have not really 
consumed our reserves, our surpluses, and our platform money 
significantly. As we speak we are yet to deploy Rs. 750 Crores which is 
available kind of on tap for the rest of this year and we are very hopeful 
that within next 6 months or 5 months which are left in this financial year 
this additional Rs. 750 Crores will be invested and that marks the 
completion of our Rs.1,000 Crores overall investment plan that we had in 
the beginning of the year so we are very well on track and we very hopeful 
that this remaining Rs. 750 Crores will be deployed in the remaining part 
of this year. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
That is great. My final question is on the collection and strong operating 
cash flow, the trend is really very strong this growing quarter-after-quarter 
Sir just trying to understand is this strong cash flow and collection 
definitely you have a good sales number but is it because also that so far all 
projects have been predominantly horizontal and had these project been 
vertical, can we expect similar velocity in sales and collections or it would 
have been bit more moderate?  
Kamal Singal: 
So very good question. If I have understood the question right and your 
audio remains a little problematic but the question essentially is what is the 
trend going forward in terms of these strong cash flows and is these very 
strong cash flows also a function of product mix and is horizontal strategy 
helping the cause of cash flows. Yes cash flows have been very, very 
healthy. For the first time last quarter we touched more than Rs. 100 
Crores of net cash coming from operations and then this quarter is even 
better and it is Rs. 160 Crores for the current quarter so that means almost 
Rs. 270 plus Crores have been generated from the operations. Now where 
this cash comes from obviously it is a function of how the products are 
launched and how well is your selling velocities, so these are obviously 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 34 
 
always the prime drivers and they have come out right. We have sold quite 
healthy in various project categories that we are operating. There are also 
healthy cash flows coming from established projects like Uplands, etc., 
where sales is happening or the realizations are happening consistently out 
of the sales that happened in the past, but as you also very rightly 
mentioned a significant portion of cash flows and improved cash flows is 
also a result of a strategy of horizontal development and last three to four 
projects which we launched not only they sell very well but also because of 
the very nature of the project cash flows were frontloaded and they always 
are frontloaded and that has helped the cause as well, but horizontal does 
not mean only plotting, horizontal means plotting, horizontal means small 
villas, row houses, and luxury villas, and luxury row houses, etc., for 
example post this quarter we have just pre-launched our Sarjapur villa 
project which was long awaited. A very large one when it comes to this 
kind of a project with quite dense construction in the form of row houses, 
etc., and there also we are hoping that the way we structured our payments, 
the way we structured our overall offering, the cash flows initially and 
throughout the project will be pretty healthy. We obviously need good 
velocities to come in and that is what we are hopeful of, once that is done 
of course that remains a prime driver. Our cash flows are supposed to be 
healthy there as well so overall velocity, product mix, everything else is 
contributed and of course construction you still have to achieve certain 
milestones to get these kind of cash flow that we are talking about, so I 
think everything is fired, product mix is the right product mix as well and 
these three, four factors are helping cash flow for us. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you Sir and Happy Diwali in advance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of from Dhananjay 
Kumar Mishra from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Yes good morning Sir and congratulations on very excellent set of 
numbers as well as operating performance. Sir my question is we have 
done very well in terms of launching very quickly of the current project we 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 34 
 
have acquired and that is about 4 million we could sell immediately so how 
long it will take to complete because at this momentum I guess because 
this is plotted development so is it possible the entire thing in terms of cash 
flow will be happening within one year from this project and secondly you 
have indicated that Sarjapur is already pre-launched state so what is the 
response in terms of booking and all? 
Kamal Singal: 
Normally if it is a pure plotting project it takes anywhere like one-and-a-
half years and thereabouts to realize the money and that is what is expected 
as far as this project is concerned. Of course this project has multiple 
phases all we have sold is phase one of it but there is still a very significant 
potential left and we are right now preparing to launch more phases and 
sell more out of the same project but generally speaking a plotting project 
will have a lifespan of around 15 to 18 months maybe 20 months of time to 
realize the cash flows, so this is a very large project. We are talking about a 
200 plus acres of plotting and golf course and a very large resort is coming 
up there, so quite a bit of development work is required. These are very, 
very highly amenitized, world class infrastructure with resort and golf, etc., 
things so they will take to complete, it will take two-and-a-half, three 
years’ time but to realize whatever we are selling right now most of it 
maybe 85 to 90% money is received within 15 odd months to 18 odd 
months time that we sell these products so that is how it is shaping up. 
Forest Trail we just announced, we just pre-launched after this quarter. We 
just started building the market meeting with the channel partners, etc., 
initial response has been absolutely great and the early signs are quite good 
and we are very happy about what we are seeing right now but we will 
very soon come out with the numbers and that will happen sooner than 
later. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Ideally it should come in Q3 Sarjapur? 
Kamal Singal: 
You will see numbers coming in Q3 for Sarjapur. It is already kind of pre-
launched and market building and selling has started just now it is not a 
formal sales but at least on EOI basis sales have started already. As we 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 34 
 
speak there is a very hectic activity and lot of rush on the site happening so 
yes definitely you will see some numbers coming in Q3 for this project. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Secondly with HDFC platform investment as you said that Rs. 750 Crores 
had to be deployed so what could be the revenue potential because we are 
having just four, five months so you must have identified in terms of 
horizontal or vertical what kind of projects are there so what could be the 
revenue potential you can create from this Rs. 750 Crores? 
Kamal Singal: 
So generally as a thumb rule we can talk and it really varies from product-
to-product and category-to-category, investment to topline ratios change 
dramatically between say a plotting project and a built up high rise 
apartment project, but nevertheless if you were to just average quite a few 
things out ~Rs. 700 Crores should mean ~Rs. 3500 Crores of topline on a 
very, very broad average basis taking both these products of two extreme 
sites together and you would know that Rs. 3500 Crores will mean what 
kind of EBITDA, etc., that is a trend out there. So this is what it is from the 
fresh investment standpoint but obviously our investment or rather our 
pipeline will have two components one is the outright purchase projects 
which is these numbers Rs. 700 Crores means ~Rs. 3500 Crores of topline, 
but in addition to that we should also be adding a healthy component of 
JDs which require significantly less money in proportion to the topline and 
bottomline that it generates. In fact as I just mentioned the first ~Rs. 3000 
Crores of BD that happened this year Rs. 2800 Crores to be more precise, a 
very significant component of that has come from the JDs and that means 
we still have a lot of money to invest and that is why we are still talking 
about despite adding ~Rs. 3000 Crores of BD we are still talking about Rs. 
750 Crores being still there to invest out of Rs. 1000 Crores that we had so 
depending on how much we do the JDs going forward and continue to do 
the JDs to that extent the overall pipeline will change dramatically but the 
limited answer to the question you have is Rs. 700 Crores should result 
into ~Rs. 3500 Crores of topline. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 34 
 
Dhananjay Mishra: You mentioned this four, five project we are going to launch so of course 
we would have included Sarjapur so which other project you are going to 
launch is it Doddaballapur and any other you want to name? 
Kamal Singal: 
So yes these are projects which are already declared. Sarjapur is obviously 
the first one then we have a project declared at Doddaballapur and then we 
have the last phase of Arvind Greatlands coming up very soon and Uplands 
Adroda we have launched already phase one but then there are two more 
projects coming as extension of this project which are called Uplands 2.0 
and Uplands 3.0, so these are the five that we are planning to launch, so 
together these five will have a topline potential of around Rs. 1700 to Rs. 
1800 Crores. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Yes that I got and lastly just one clarification you are saying that operating 
cash flow for the first half is Rs. 270 Crores while in the result cash flow I 
am looking at it is showing Rs. 177 Crores? 
Ankit Jain: 
Accounting methodology of cash flows works in a different manner. They 
are based on indirect method of computation of cash flows and even the 
land cost is part of the operating cash flow because finally land is not an 
investing activity from accounting perspective it is more of operating 
activity. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Got it. 
Kamal Singal: 
So if you take out the land investment which essentially is investment in 
new projects if you to not assume that as operating cash flow negative then 
the business has really generated Rs. 271 Crores but of course ~Rs. 100 
Crores has gone into the land already in the new projects out of that. 
Dhananjay Mishra: Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Abhishek Lodhia 
from Yes Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 34 
 
Abhishek Lodhia: 
Good morning Sir two questions basically. First thing is we have posted a 
robust pre-sales of Rs. 390 Crores roughly big chunk of it came from the 
launch right and we still have four, five odd million square feet and from 
the rest of the projects we have done only Rs. 90 Crores whether this 
number is little more skewed towards launches and we have maybe scored 
little lesser in the ongoing project first thing is that, second thing is you 
said about deployment of Rs. 750 Crores for BD and of that roughly Rs. 
600 Crores is from the HDFC platform and additionally you keep on 
saying that we would be doing most of the projects in JD model right then 
how that economics works on the HDFC platform because then 67% odd is 
HDFC and I understand the waterfall structure and the readier partner 
taking the bit of it then what would be left for us and how does that work 
out for us those are my two questions and sorry one more question we as a 
company right now having a launch pipeline of roughly 28 odd million 
square foot and we aspire to exhaust that launch pipeline in the next one-
and-a-half year so how we should see that with the deployment of this Rs. 
750 Crores we need to keep on doing BD at a maybe better pace or lot 
more BD we need to do to keep the momentum going those are my 
questions? 
Kamal Singal: 
One data that you talked about is about Rs. 750 Crores of fresh investment 
and a very broad breakup which comes to my mind about the components 
of the Rs. 750 Crores is around Rs. 500 to 525 Crores coming from HDFC 
platform and our own money to the extent of Rs. 275 Crores or 
thereabouts, so that means maybe Rs. 225 Crores, so that means this is a 
very healthy mix of our own funds coming into the play here and they are 
maybe more than 33% or thereabouts of the investment that we have 
planned and a lot of money has already been invested from our own 
internal accruals in the past few quarters, Bannerghatta Road for example 
is one such example at least for the time being it is all funded through our 
internal accruals. Now when it comes to what is our skin in the game from 
the bottomline sharing point of view that in the new platform anyway we 
start with our investment to the extent of 33% and obviously our share in 
profits and cash flows is significantly more than that and on top of that our 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 34 
 
development management fee from the platform, so all put together it is a 
very, very thick skin that we have in the overall business in general but just 
to add a little more additional layer into the whole thing. JDs generally are 
not kept under the platform in fact till date not even a single JD is such 
where HDFC co-invest with us. JDs are all funded and invested. Anyway 
investment levels there are small comparatively and whatever they are we 
end up investing JDs ourselves from our internal accruals only so there is 
nothing to be shared as far as JD surpluses are concerned between us and 
HDFC and that is the reason why our overall margins, overall profitability 
and overall percentages in terms of EBITDA to sales, etc., remain at a mix 
pretty healthy and safe. 
Abhishek Lodhia: 
Sir that means HDFC platform will only have the outright buy? 
Kamal Singal: 
Correct that is what has been happening and that is what the intention is. 
We do not want to share a project with three people in general sense for 
example in a JD there is already a third party called the land partner and 
then we are there obviously land partner gets appreciation on his land 
because he is there to wait it out and take the risk with us but to have one 
more partner through platform in a JD structure will mean a little thinner 
skin for us and that is what we will not generally prefer unless the 
investment in JD itself is very big because if the underlying project is 
supposed to be very big even under JD and those exceptions are going to 
be rare and they have not happened yet so all the JD projects the large ones 
including the Kalyan Gadh one, the Adroda one or even the Sarjapur 
project that we talking about right now just got launched this month itself 
they are all funded 100% by us and nothing is to be shared with platform 
or HDFC. 
Abhishek Lodhia: 
About the mix of your sales from launch and new launch and the ongoing 
one? 
Kamal Singal: 
From quarter-to-quarter you will see these numbers going up and down. As 
a company we are still at an early stage of our growth in terms of absolute 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 34 
 
numbers and hence from quarter-to-quarter you will definitely see some 
peaks and troughs coming into these two segments generally our presale 
and sale too is pretty healthy, this quarter we have sold significantly more 
in the form of new launches, as such going forward because we have been 
selling pretty well the existing inventory value is not that high in any case. 
The leftovers in most of the projects are very, very manageable and 
sustenance sales is happening and that is where we also want to squeeze 
them out in the leftover bits and price accordingly, so going forward I see a 
trend that is significant or rather majority of the sales that you will see will 
keep coming from new launches and of course it will be backed by some 
healthy and strong momentum in sustenance sales. I do not have the ready 
number in terms of what is going to be the percentage of new launch 
versus sustenance sales on a quarter-on-quarter basis but I am sure this will 
be more like a two third coming from new launches and one third coming 
from sustenance as a thumb rule which we expect for the year as a whole 
and even going forward. 
Abhishek Lodhia: 
Thank you Sir. 
Moderator: 
We will take our next question from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up 
Financial. Please go ahead. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Good morning Sir. Sir few questions from my end firstly Sir if you can 
share some updates on the progress to enter MMR and also in Pune we 
have had one project and how do we go from here in Pune as well? 
Kamal Singal: 
So generally in our scheme of things we are treating Pune and outskirts of 
Mumbai which we call as MMR. We treat these two markets as one market 
from investment priority standpoint and hence we are very actively looking 
at projects at both these places MMR and Pune simultaneously with a lot 
of rigor and vigor. As we speak there is a very strong team of people out 
there in the ground and evaluating quite a few options. We have a little 
finer lens as compared to the average developer would be having when it 
comes to selection of a land parcel from many standpoints which includes 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 34 
 
obviously the title risk and the regulatory risk and also the profitability 
benchmarks that we have for ourselves but we are very confident that with 
all these efforts by the end of this year we should be having at least one or 
two projects in our portfolio coming from MMR in Pune. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Great. The second question on the investments of Rs. 750 Crores which 
you have mentioned to be spent over the next few quarters will this be 
more or less own projects since the first Rs. 2800 Crores is JD so will this 
be more of own project so that could give us a better balance of JD and 
own projects is that a fair understanding? 
Ankit Jain: 
Out of the Rs. 750 Crores as Kamal Bhai mentioned earlier around Rs. 500 
to Rs. 550 Crores is yet to be deployed from the platform so all the 
platform money which is deployed is deployed in outright purchases only. 
Now we are left with another Rs. 200 to Rs. 250 Crores which is our 
investment. Our investment will definitely go more in JD as well as we are 
anyways open for scouting for our own outright purchases as well, so all 
together we have put in a target of deploying Rs. 1000 Crores of which we 
have significantly deployed and there is again further significant portion 
which is yet to be deployed and of course we would like to first leverage 
the platform because that platform exhaustion is first thing which we are 
targeting and post that also of course the running has to continue, the show 
has to continue so we will continue to invest. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Great and Sir just one more question the projects that we have acquired in 
H1 and the projects which we acquire in the coming quarters would that be 
a fair understanding that these projects can be launched in FY2025? 
Ankit Jain: 
FY2025 will be too far I would say. 
Kamal Singal: 
In one way it will be faster than that so whatever we acquire are normally a 
plotting and a horizontal project takes anything like 4 to 8 months’ time, 9 
months’ time to launch and hence anything acquired this year will 
definitely be launched next year but then depending on when during this 
year we acquire something gets acquired in December for example should 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 34 
 
be launched by Q3 of next year itself so mostly we are looking at 
launching quite a few of these in fact all of these before the end of next 
year. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
So basically if we acquire a project then we are looking at less than one 
year to launch the project? 
Kamal Singal: 
Yes surely yes and if it is a built up project like the Bannerghatta Road 
project we have told about this project. Bannerghatta project for example 
there is a timeline internally that we keep is anything between 6 to 8 
months only. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Naysar Parikh 
from Native Capital. Please go ahead. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Hi thanks for taking the question. Most of the questions are answered. One 
question I had was on the finance cost so I think it is around Rs. 19 Crores 
or something this quarter so can you just talk what all is part of it? 
Ankit Jain: 
Finance cost typically relates to interest. While you look at our balance 
sheet and the debt statement our gross debt is very, very minimal. This 
significantly represents the portion which we have paid out to HDFC 
because the HDFC structure works on redemption premium as well as the 
interest component on the OCD which we had issued as part of platform 
one, further whatever OCDs have been issued as part of platform two on a 
fair value basis the interest cost gets accounted as a part of interest cost. 
Kamal Singal: 
Simple answer from the business standpoint is that essentially this is the 
platform money which is getting repaid in one form or the other as per the 
waterfall mechanism. The way it gets accounted is more like an interest on 
instrument way it is structured but this is definitely a long-term money 
which needs to be paid on a payable renewable basis and hence it is not a 
debt in that sense and we pay if we earn and we pay when we earn but 
essentially this outflow is getting accounted as an interest component in the 
overall balance sheet and numbers point of view but otherwise bank 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 34 
 
interest or the fund that we would have taken as debt that number is 
minimal in fact overall we have surpluses lying in the books of account to 
be very precise this quarter we have ended at a number of around Rs. 141 
Crores being the surplus funds waiting to be deployed and hence interest 
obviously is next to negligible and this represents outflows to the platform 
which is a structured payment happening to the platform based on the 
actual cash flows. 
Naysar Parikh: 
Understood so there was a growth of around 20% versus last quarter so 
going forward is this the number we should consider the Rs. 19-20 Crores 
per quarter is the number? 
Ankit Jain: 
This was one time again because the platform one was paid off completely 
during the quarter and hence these numbers are looking at the levels where 
they are. On ongoing basis we need to consider with the outstanding OCDs 
so that is that statement is there as a part of our debt statement. The 
outstanding OCDs as on date are Rs. 52 Crores on that you can definitely 
assume. On a quarter-on-quarter basis the numbers will keep growing as 
we draw from the platform. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ashish from Infinity 
Alternatives. Please go ahead. 
Ashish: 
Thank you Sir. Just taking from the last speaker Sir just wanted to 
understand because this interest is effectively a cost of providing the end 
product, what is the long-term PBT margin that you think that we can 
target across different models that we have JDA, etc.,? 
Kamal Singal: 
Difficult to predict the future and give you any guidelines is a little bit of 
something that we avoid but if you look at the numbers historically we are 
hovering anything between 11% to 12% of PAT margins and 26% to 27% 
of EBITDA margin. Obviously PBT is a little bit higher than the PAT and 
lower than EBITDA. We do not have any significant component of interest 
coming in between but yes 26% to 27% of EBITDA and 12% odd and 
thereabouts odd of PAT is something that we have been achieving and 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 34 
 
going forward we are hoping that this is the trend that we should be 
witnessing. 
Ashish: 
The second question was that while we have seen a very significant growth 
in the bookings and assuming an 18 to 24 months time for completion so if 
I look at FY2022 we still had Rs. 500 Crores of bookings but the revenue 
run rate in terms of recognition seems to be significantly lower but do you 
think that we should look at a T plus two or T plus three for estimating the 
reported revenue number from the booking time? 
Kamal Singal: 
I can again give you little more insights on how it works obviously it also 
got a lot to do with the product mix that you sell in individual quarters and 
individual years, etc. For example a plotting scheme or horizontal project 
will get recognized a little earlier. Plotting scheme possibly after 15 
months to 18 months or maybe maximum of 24 months time you start 
getting into execution of sale leads and accordingly proportionately you 
start recognizing the revenues in the books of account but high rise product 
which is say 20 floors, 25 floors, etc., will take at least three-and-a-half 
years to complete and start getting into a sale deed mode, so depending on 
which project we sell when the time varies between two years to three-and-
a-half years before we start booking from the launch date and that is how it 
will pan out and that is how it is logically supposed to be panning out. 
Right now quite a bit of sales has happened in the last two quarters at least 
from horizontal launches and hence these launches should start getting 
reflected in books of account in next two years’ time. 
Ashish: 
So Sir if I were to look at FY2023 we had Rs. 800 Crores of bookings and 
a large percentage of that was horizontal so would it be fair to assume that 
in FY2026 that should get reflected in our P&L by FY2026 end? 
Kamal Singal: 
I do not think you are very off on this so broadly yes logically yes broadly 
yes and it should happen that way, yes. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 19 of 34 
 
Ashish: 
So basically what we are booking this year probably will hit us in our P&L 
in FY2027 so basically that will be a three year average cycle is what we 
should assume? 
Kamal Singal: 
Absolutely right yes. 
Ashish: 
Thanks a lot Sir and I have a few more questions but I will come back in 
the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Deepak Purswani 
from Svan Investments. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Purswani: 
Sir just wanted to check it out on the strategic direction and as you 
highlighted we would be looking on to invest Rs. 1000 Crores over the 
next six months including HDFC platform and our own money, would you 
also share directionally what would be the breakup in terms of horizontal 
and vertical development and also any broader guidelines in terms of 
investment or broader metrics in terms of the city level development 
maybe in Bengaluru what would be the amount we are looking to allocate 
towards the Bengaluru and also Ahmedabad and Pune region as a whole? 
Kamal Singal: 
The first question essentially relates to the geographical for example mix 
so essentially we want to invest 40% Bengaluru, 40% Ahmedabad when I 
say Ahmedabad it is the Ahmedabad and Gandhi Nagar so 40-40 between 
these two major cities where we will go deeper and maybe 20% going into 
MMR and Pune put together so that is how it is. Between horizontal and 
vertical we have invested little more in horizontal in the past few quarters. 
As on date it is significantly skewed to the extent of 75% and 25%, etc., 
but going forward I think the skew will change a little and it will become 
50-50 between horizontal and vertical. In fact we are putting a lot of focus 
back on vertical at this point in time that is why we just close one project 
few weeks back which is Bannerghatta Road in Bengaluru and so going 
forward this the mix should be more like a 50-50 between horizontal and 
vertical. At the same time between cities Bengaluru 40, Ahmedabad 40, 
and Pune MMR 20 is what we are looking at. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 20 of 34 
 
Deepak Purswani: 
Any targeted IRR we are looking out from this investment over a period of 
time? 
Kamal Singal: 
IRR obviously again depends upon the structure, the product, the mix, etc., 
and there are significantly higher IRRs that we witnessing in horizontal, 
plotting and villa projects as compared to a high rise project but generally 
our lens says and tells that we take projects only when they exceed 
anything between 23% to 25% of IRRs when it comes to outright buy of 
the land. In JDs IRRs are much higher obviously because underlying 
investment is low so that is not that relevant of parameter but nevertheless 
it will be significantly higher than 25% general benchmark we have for the 
rest of it. 
Deepak Purswani: 
That is it from me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Faisal Hawa from 
HG Hawa And Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Hawa: 
Sir what kind of digital initiatives we are taking to have a better hang of 
the customers who are visiting and of getting probably more footfalls into 
the sample flats for our projects and can you just enumerate some 
initiatives you have taken to speed up the construction and even the 
approvals part of your business and are we finding it difficult to find more 
business development executives with the real estate generally booming 
and falling into more organized hand that is one, second question is Sir that 
is there anything in mind of the management that how much we will do on 
the bungalows or the row houses kind of development and how much will 
be the vertical development because horizontal does like kind of sound to 
be a very big USP or a very good short cycle construction advantage for 
our company as opposed to other real estate majors? 
Kamal Singal: 
I did not really understand the question related to the digital piece so are 
you basically asking how we are ramping up our digital infrastructure. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 21 of 34 
 
Faisal Hawa: 
There are now several platforms which can help you in selling your 
inventory very fast and even understanding your customer and really 
targeting that is one part where you just build the brand and there is 
another part where you have a targeted advertising. 
Kamal Singal: 
So I get your question. Digital is something which is very close to our 
heart. This is a company or a group which essentially is driven by retail, 
fashion, etc., and digital piece there also has done great and it is in our 
DNA to have systems and mechanisms in place both in terms of people 
and software, etc., so we have a very, very evolved digital strategy under 
execution and if I have to just tell you some of the numbers our digital sale 
is possibly one of the highest in the industry. It is more than one third of 
our sales that we keep clocking over and over again through digital 
medium and loyalty sale which is a direct sale. In fact our direct plus 
digital component which is essentially driven by technology in both these 
cases is as high as 40% to 45% put together and obviously at the scale and 
size this possibly is the highest in the industry and these are the numbers to 
say that yes we are doing something great out there but behind this there is 
a whole piece of hardware and software and people and professionals who 
are working. We have got a disproportionate setup of digital piece here. In 
fact this also helps us keep our overall cost of goods sold within very, very 
manageable limit. This is possibly again one of those companies where the 
COGS is less than 3% consistently throughout even when you are Rs. 100 
Crores this was the case and today we are at Rs. 1000 plus Crores it is the 
same and this is possibly one of the lowest industry put together for the 
mix that we have, so when coming back to the technology and how we do 
it, a very, very strong, very, very well organized call center operations 
exist. They are integrated back end and front end to a very significant 
extent. We run on SAP/Salesforce which are seamlessly integrated for 
example we will know which caller, which customer called when, 
responded when, how many impressions created, what is our funnel 
looking like, what were the total impressions, what were total clicks, what 
were the total walk-in ratios to the click, etc., so those are very, very 
closely monitored. We have hired some of the best talents in industry. For 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 22 of 34 
 
example at a very small scale we were able to hire or we rather hired a 
person who was heading this function for an organization which is possibly 
50 times bigger than us and we invested that kind of money very, very 
early not only in people and even in software we have invested very, very 
heavily and hence this piece is clicking. This is reflecting in our numbers. 
Today as we speak I can even tell you which hoarding is doing what, 
whether this hoarding at Hebbal is making more sense or the hoarding at 
Sarjapur is making more sense and that is told and appreciated by the 
system. I can also kind of tell you that if I am running a campaign on a 
Facebook or on a Insta then for a project for the same dates which creative 
is making more sense so if I showing a club house for Sarjapur Villa 
project what is the efficiency of that creative vis-à-vis a villa elevation that 
I am showing, so if a villa elevation is resulting in more clicks per 
impression that we are trying to create and every impression obviously cost 
us then we know that it is time that we put more focus on a villa creative 
than a clubhouse creative for example. So these are inbuilt AI enabled 
initiatives which are already up and running, on ground not now but for the 
last several quarters and that is why almost like a third of our sales is 
coming from digital and this will obviously means that there is no 
intermediary and hence the COGS is very, very manageable maybe one 
third of the normal cost that one does in case channel partners are to be. 
There are several other cases, this is one of those call center and followups 
and this and that, etc., efficiency of the funnel but then we also have 
technology pieces now at least on beta levels implemented where you 
could just buy a house like you go on Amazon and buy without 
interactions at all so you could go, climb up go to the specific floor 
virtually and see the specific unit virtually and see various angles, see 
down look, left look, right look, up or whatever and see how the views are 
on this particular floor, so the whole drone technology comes into play and 
shows you actual views from your apartment, your balcony, your bedroom, 
etc., and you also on a runtime basis get to know what is the inventory 
available if it is showing it is available you could just go and swipe 
Rs.50,000 so we do not take lot of money through digital direct impersonal 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 23 of 34 
 
sales but still the customer can at least go click few buttons and say that I 
have paid Rs. 50000 that means the inventory is blocked for him and then 
the physical process will start from there onwards where people will go, 
talk to him, explain everything so that there is no ambiguity or no 
misunderstanding about the project and the product and the offering, etc., 
and the process move from there onwards, so at least you are able to block 
an inventory online without interacting with any individual and the 
experience of buying a house will actually be better than you going 
personally and not being able to climb the same floor and the same flat 
because it is under construction still virtually you get actually a little better 
sense than that for example, so technology is something very interesting 
and digital piece is definitely clicking for us.  
Your next question was related to making construction better, etc., of 
course this is a complicated question put simply. I think India as a market 
is growing and the entire supply chain piece of houses is also improving in 
proportion in tandem. There are some very good quality contractors who 
shaped up well and you will see a lot of growth coming into the contractor 
balance sheet numbers as well. It is about selecting the right guys and 
having your own systems of controls, etc., in place. We have invested there 
as well in terms of various softwares and monitoring mechanism that is 
there. This company is driven by system, this company is driven by IT and 
we are very passionate about our systems and processes and IT specifically 
I personally look into it and this department directly reports to me and I 
would know what is happening on technology piece. One more example I 
can talk hours and hours on this because this is my favorite subject but just 
to tell you one more example of this is that we detail our entire records and 
document management from 10 years back 100% digitalized. We have a 
system of ticketing there if a smallest level of supervisor has some hurdles 
in his system or in his execution piece he can just raise a ticket against the 
Vice President of some other department saying that look your contractor 
has not turned up he was supposed to turn up today and hence my work is 
getting hampered and I am not able to start something that I should have 
started otherwise so that ticket is visible to everybody and the Vice 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 24 of 34 
 
President is supposed or forced to be responding to the supervisor and 
make sure that this ticket specifically is not overdue and it is kind of acted 
upon and these kind of systems are very, very visible and being lived every 
day so yes these kind of initiatives are helping us. We have delivered most 
of our projects well in time and hopefully we will continue to do that. Of 
course challenge is growing and that is where we investing as a company 
and people etc., upfront and we are hopeful that we will be ready when the 
next orbital change comes in our operations and size and scale. 
Faisal Hawa: 
My question will be finding it difficult to find like really quality business 
development executives and all with the overall real estate boom and also 
the corporatization of the real estate? 
Kamal Singal: 
Every business essentially is a business of people only. If you got good 
people you succeed if you do not have good people you do not succeed, it 
is not about machine, it is not about bricks, and it is not about mortars, it is 
always about finding the right people so this is one challenge which is 
consistent being faced by everybody not only in this industry in our 
industry across industry this is the key and this is the mantra so it is about 
trying and investing upfront. At the runtime in a life situation to expect that 
you will find right people all the time is very difficult and of course it is 
becoming more difficult as economy grows etc., but it is about realizing 
and understanding your path and investing upfront so what we are doing is 
that we are keeping margins of the work volume, etc., which we are 
anticipating for ourselves and trying to put teams ahead of our 
requirements at least three to six months time ahead of our volumes and 
orbits that we are wanting to operate so that is one mantra we are 
following. We have hired some very impressive talent across industries, 
across functions, etc., in this business upfront and that is why we are what 
we are and we will continue to invest there. This is a challenge but 
obviously there is no option but to appreciate this challenge and act on this 
challenge. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 25 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Bajrang Bafna 
from Sunidhi Securities. Please go ahead. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Congratulations for not good only it is a great set of numbers during the 
quarter so Sir my first question seriously pertains to the trajectory that 
perhaps as an analyst we were looking at seems like changing for our 
company and where we have created almost now visible pipeline of Rs. 
4000 to Rs. 5000 Crores and this quarter numbers is really soothe to the 
eyes for our company where we are almost in the first half inching towards 
Rs. 500 Crores kind of pre-sales and we have guided that we will be 
growing 25-30% during the year so looks like the way my sense is that 
Sarjapur is also on the block which is going to be launched soon so is there 
any possibility of any upward revision of this thought process of let us say 
Rs. 1000 Crores pre-sales in FY2024 and the kind of pipeline that we have 
created in the last quarter any thought process that by FY2025 what is the 
kind of growth that we are looking at or is there any change for our 
community to see the company slightly superlative in terms of growth 
parameters maybe not 20-25% could be 30-35% so that matters a lot for us 
while analyzing or building the models and all, so if you could guide in 
that sense it will be really good for us and purely from a P&L perspective 
how do we see next year in terms of delivery of the projects that we have 
entered in last let us say two years so how that P&L purely is going to look 
like for FY2025 some sense on that will be really helpful? Thank you Sir. 
That is all from my side. 
Kamal Singal: 
Sure thanks Bajrang very, very good questions from an analyst standpoint. 
We would still like to remain a little conservative when it comes to guiding 
the future but having said that we have been always telling that 25 to 30% 
growth is something which should be very much achievable. Of course if 
you look at last 3 years it is much more than 25-30% that we are talking 
about all the time and the trajectory today if we see I can throw a little 
more light in terms of the building blocks we have and then it can be left to 
the imagination and calculations, etc., for the analyst to do. In fact our 
blocks are very strong. The blocks are stronger than 20-25%, 30% 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 26 of 34 
 
expectation. Our major investment is still to hit the market Rs. 750 Crores 
will mean Rs. 3500 Crores of fresh inventory coming only from the 
outright projects through internal accruals and this itself we are already at 
Rs. 5500 Crores of pipeline sitting today and this Rs. 3500 will mean Rs. 
8000 to Rs. 9000 Crores of total pipeline that we are looking at by the end 
of this year. This year itself we have added almost like Rs. 3000 Crores of 
fresh BD and hence 25-30% is something which is a number we have been 
maintaining but there is a good chance that we could exceed that in the 
coming years and on top of that our strategy of keeping overall mix a little 
lean in terms of a mix between outright and JD is also clicking 
significantly. In fact one of the major strength that I would like to talk 
about here is about the brand and the brand when I say it is not in the 
context of selling our product to the consumer but it is also about our brand 
in the eyes of land partners. I see a great traction coming to this company 
where lot of great land partners are wanting to partner with us and they are 
willing to take bets on us on some very, very large land parcels take an 
example of this Adroda project Uplands 2.0, 3.0 and even Kalyan Gadh, 
these are like 700 acres coming to us with very, very minimal investments, 
every risk in that sense being taken by the landlord including conversion, 
ownership, etc., and guaranteeing the titles for the entire life cycle of the 
project, etc. I think these kind of large deals have started flowing in and 
people expect and people hope that we will do a better job than they doing 
it themselves or they are doing it from other kind of competitors, etc., that 
is where the brand is clicking very significantly and a mix of JD and this 
investment cycle coming back to your question means that in all likelihood 
one should hope that we should be able to exceed this 25-30% benchmark 
that we are always working but having said today we always say that our 
target is to continue on this trajectory of 25 to 30% growth in all the major 
parameters that one counts. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Got it and Sir on the P&L CFO Side if you can give some thought process 
that how we are going to see next year in terms of delivering the projects 
that we have launched in last two years? 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 27 of 34 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Project delivery is happening and because we are little heavy today on 
horizontal obviously our completion cycles are shorter on average basis 
horizontal should be getting completed between two and two-and-a-half 
years and thereabouts and the vertical ones get completed in three-and-a-
half, four years cycle to that extent our recognition will improve quite a bit 
in the coming quarters and years for sure. In the overall context how it will 
pan out I do not have the ready numbers. Generally speaking maybe I am 
more focused on creating the business in the sense of creating fresh 
pipeline and fresh sales, etc. Obviously accounting standard will work its 
own way and numbers have to come sooner or later but thankfully we have 
a product mix that these numbers will start getting reflected in the books of 
account faster than the industry average because we are more tilted than 
the industry average towards horizontal at this point at least so to that 
extent we can be a little more aggressive in our assumptions but having 
said that accounting standard will work the way it is supposed to be 
working and we are clearly focused on creating the pipelines and creating 
the fresh sales and momentum in fresh sales, etc., because we know that 
once that piece is done and taken care there is no way but for those 
numbers to enter into books of account sooner than later. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
I totally understand Kamal Sir but the thing is that now the query was that 
how the pipeline is going to be created, how the presales pipeline will be 
built up so I think we have delivered more than what we have said in last 
let us say year or so or maybe two years, now we are building an 
expectation we want to see the real P&L because that is something maybe 
out of 100 of analysts only five or six will work with maybe the presales 
and all but 90% of your janta which is there in the market only understands 
what you have shown in your P&L, probably couple of more you can say 
seasoned investors would be able to understand the cash flow and maybe 
the pipeline that we have created but P&L is end of the day something 
which is again a soothe to the eyes that how much profit that Arvind has 
made during this year so this is something which is also a curiosity and 
now we are building an expectation that we also want to see the pipeline or 
the sales that we have done in last two years, now it should flow into P&L 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 28 of 34 
 
so some guidance on that may not be in this quarter but some guidance 
purely from next year perspective if you could guide that will be really 
helpful for the entire community that was the whole purpose to just give 
you this kind of point. 
Kamal Singal: 
So Bajrang the point is very well taken and I really appreciate what you are 
saying and absolutely it makes sense, fresh sales and pipeline, they are all 
very important parameters unless nothing is going to be happening that is 
for sure but then obviously the actual delivery of numbers in the books of 
account is equally important for a lot of people as you mentioned. 
Fortunately quite a few people have become aware of this nuance of when 
and how it gets reflected and what is more important is etc., but having 
said that as you said it is important to know the number and the trajectory I 
leave this question to Ankit. Maybe we can connect offline to get whatever 
information we could share with you which is as it is already available in 
the form of investor presentation at the website, but we will see what is the 
best analysis that one could achieve within the constraints and realm of 
compliances that we have in our system and take this forward from there 
onwards. 
Bajrang Bafna: 
Thank you and all the very best Sir. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Rishikesh from 
RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Yes hi thank you for the opportunity. Sir I am just touching upon what the 
previous participant had asked about recognition so we are currently at 
around Rs. 280 Crores annual recognition run rate and if I see for last three 
years back we were doing around Rs. 600 Crores of bookings so would it 
be fair to say that we should be starting with Rs. 600 Crores of annual run 
rate, revenue run rate in H2 or at least in FY2025 would that be a fair 
assumption? 
Ankit Jain: 
To be fair I think there are multiple questions on revenue recognition, it 
cannot mean that generally if we have sold Rs. 600 two years back it will 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 29 of 34 
 
come in this year or next year exactly because the product mix is equally 
important and the product completion and delivery is equally important so 
for certain projects we have already given indicative completion dates in 
our project portfolio schedule and those are the RERA defined schedules. 
They are our internal estimates only that these are the best estimates for 
project completion. Now applying the project completion method one can 
easily achieve in terms of what numbers you can expect from each of the 
projects because for each of the projects we have already given how much 
are the bookings as on date and how much revenue has been recognized as 
on date also for each of the projects individually so someone probably can 
work it out at a project level, it cannot be generalized to overall Rs. 600 
Crores or Rs. 800 Crores number.  
Kamal Singal:  
The information which is already made available in the investors 
presentation one can easily derive this broad projection number but you are 
right in saying that average lifecycle of our project completion is around 
three years putting horizontal and vertical put into together, bring together 
and more tilted towards horizontal and hence a quarter or two here and 
there this trajectory should be like that. There is no reason to believe that it 
will be very different from what we are talking about here. If three years is 
the number I think on an average in three years for any specific project we 
should start seeing some numbers coming into the books of account as a 
general principle and for the project and product mix that we are talking 
about here. 
Rishikesh: 
Got it. That was helpful. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Akshay Kothari JHP 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir just one question. Retrenchment in the 
Pune Market the project Elan, has there been any retrenchment because 
when I look at from the last quarter the area sold has reduced how come 
that is possible is there any return which has happened? 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 30 of 34 
 
Ankit Jain: 
Yes in Elan there were two cancellations which were there and hence the 
area would have got reduced. 
Akshay Kothari: 
We have not sold anything in Elan? 
Kamal Singal: 
What we are doing in Elan is that it is about to be completed. It is a 
wonderful project which is about to be delivered and stuff and because this 
is only one project happening right now obviously the effort is to add at 
least two more projects in MMR and Pune going forward. We thought that 
we will slow paddle the sales for the time being couple of cancellations 
could be just any other event in the project lifecycle per se but our idea and 
the understanding was that we could realize significantly higher and better 
once the project is ready which is about to get ready next maybe three 
months, six months time this is absolutely done project. We are putting 
more than proportionate efforts in this yet to showcase this project and 
hence we thought that these 15-20 units which are left will be sold better 
when we are done with it rather than burning money today to promote it at 
a very small scale and then sell and try to do anything which is 
extraordinary so that is part of the strategy. Couple of cancellations could 
be part of the lifecycle of the project and can happen any point in time 
there is nothing specific and more to it but once the project is ready we 
should be able to liquidate this very fast because we know what product is 
coming out. It is just about three to four months away and I am very 
confident that once people see this project and product will be very happy 
about it and sales should not be a problem. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Sir second question is on south Bavla Adroda project which we have taken, 
the price per square feet is around Rs. 777 currently so if I look at the 
second phase it comes to be around Rs. 1125 per square feet so is the 
second phase going to be much more premium than the first phase because 
the differential is huge as such? 
Kamal Singal: 
This project in terms of realization has done wonders for us and there were 
some four or five if I can recollect price hikes which we took in a matter of 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 31 of 34 
 
three, four, five days that we sold this project in. Obviously as we progress 
prices will keep increasing even area is changing a little bit, these are large 
horizontal ones and we always have opportunity to add and subtract a few 
numbers. The numbers that you have seen do not include PLCs in my 
understanding. These are preference location charges and they are also 
pretty healthy in terms of overall realizations once that are also added into 
the phase one sales numbers then obviously the delta will not be as high as 
you are looking at between the phase two and phase one but yes realization 
has been great and they are improving. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Because the competitors in the same area if I look at Glade one and Alaya 
by Zaveri group they are priced much, much higher? 
Kamal Singal: 
So Glade One is not exactly the same location. It is very different in terms 
of its location Glade One is more like a southwest and this is extreme south 
as we are talking about. The road themselves are very, very different. The 
approach is very, very different, in fact on this road if you were to count 
and measure our velocity possibly is 3 to 400 times better than any other 
competitor and our realization will be at least 30% to 35% higher than the 
next door competition, the right comparison will be one of the projects 
called Pacifica Forrest Trails, Kings Villa another but this is a villa project 
but if you to take plotting as a benchmark then that is what it is. Glade One 
is a very different location, very different road it is like Sanand and 
thereabouts and it is a villa project in that general sense with golf and other 
things, so quite different in terms of location and the basic land price. If I 
have to tell you the land price difference between Adroda and where Glade 
One is it is like more like a Rs. 30 to 40 lakhs in Adroda on a per square 
feet basis and more like a Rs. 2 Crores in case of Glade One, six times. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Alaya is much more premium? 
Kamal Singal: 
I have not heard of this name Alaya yet maybe it is something small by a 
small developer in the vicinity. 
Akshay Kothari: 
No it is by Zaveri group Alaya. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 32 of 34 
 
Kamal Singal: 
Zaveri Alaya I have not really come across maybe it is not on Adroda 
Road. It is not on Glade One road in my understanding, so I do not recall 
really what Alaya is. Zaveri also I am not sure. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Yes I think that is it from my side. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen we will be taking the last question that is 
from the line of Harshil Kothari from RV Investments. Please go ahead. 
Harshil Kothari: 
So my question is on the line of Ahmedabad area so basically we have seen 
that Ahmedabad is a growing major IT hub so are we planning to take on 
corporate offices or data center project coming in the Ahmedabad area? 
Kamal Singal: 
Here the answer is pretty straightforward we remain focused on residential 
in all the markets we are talking about in Ahmedabad, Gandhi Nagar, 
Bengaluru, Pune, MMR, etc., so at this point we do not have any specific 
focus on commercial or IT spaces and that is something which is going to 
remain like this in the medium term so as of now no, no IT and data center, 
etc, for that matter no yield business for the time being except for the cases 
where it is an adjacency so if you got 10 acres something going on where 
one-and-a-half acre, one acre was good for commercial and hence it was 
adding disproportionate value yes such things are always welcome and we 
have been doing those in bits and pieces here and there in a few projects in 
our portfolio but generally speaking to do a standalone IT, commercial, 
data center project the answer is no at least for the medium term. 
Harshil Kothari: 
I wanted to ask you that do you have any unused lands for any upcoming 
projects if comes at a very good district? 
Kamal Singal: 
So every large project especially in the horizontal side we always have 
leftover it will be a big tail in terms of value, it might be a small tail in 
terms of area left but it will be a very big tail possibly when it comes to 
valuation of the tail and we keep doing that. We did that in Uplands, we 
did that in Highgrove, we did that in Chirping Woods so hopefully Kalyan 
Gadh, Adroda, Uplands 2.0, 3.0, even Greatlands for example and even 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 33 of 34 
 
Doddaballapur will have long value tails left and we keep exploiting on 
those things but otherwise it is a business model we do not do any land 
banking at all. The idea is to very, very quickly at the quickest possible 
timelines we want to hit the market once the land is invested in and exit at 
the quickest possible time. In fact in between entering and exit also we say 
we have a benchmark called the autopilot mode, autopilot mode in a 
project means that we have sold enough and more to ensure that the project 
becomes cash positive at least in terms of its expenditures, construction, 
overhead, selling expenses, etc., and that should be more like our first burst 
of sale which takes care of all these things so we have been achieving this 
very quick possible entry means launch of a project then the quickest 
possible autopilot mode and then the third to exit the project the fastest 
possible time and that means that we do not have any significant inventory 
or unused land left except for the LTVC project as we call them as the 
long-term value creation projects like Greatlands or Uplands, etc., where 
we will have a longer tail with very high values. 
Harshil Kothari: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Kamal Singal, MD & CEO for his closing 
comments. 
Kamal Singal: 
On behalf of the management thank you everybody for participating in the 
earning calls of Arvind SmartSpaces and for your continued support. I 
hope we have been able to address most of your queries; however, if we 
have missed out on any of your questions kindly reach out to Vikram and 
he will be able to answer whatever is left and you can connect him offline 
anytime. I look forward to interacting with you once again next quarter and 
once again I wish all of you a very, very happy Diwali, stay blessed and 
thanks a lot for sparing time for this call. 

 
                     
Arvind SmartSpaces Limited 
 
 
November 02, 2023 
 
 
Page 34 of 34 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen on 
behalf of Arvind SmartSpaces Limited that concludes this conference call. 
We thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of 
the proceedings. Since it is a transcription, it may contain transcription errors. The Company 
takes no responsibility of such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
 
