 
 
No. RITES/SECY/NSE 
Date: November 08, 2023 
 
To 
 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra - 
Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai – 
400051 
 
 
To 
 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
BSE Limited, Rotunda Building, 
P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Scrip Code- RITES 
 
 
Scrip Code- 541556 
 
 
Sub: Outcome of investors/analysts meet - Transcript of the Conference Call 
held to discuss Financial Results for quarter and half year ended 30th 
September, 2023 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of lndia (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Conference call with analysts and 
investors held on Wednesday, November 01, 2023 to discuss the Financial Results of 
the Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th  September, 2023. 
You are requested to take this information on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For RITES Limited 
 
Nikhil Agarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Membership No.: A42626 
 
Nikhil Agarwal
Digitally signed by Nikhil 
Agarwal 
Date: 2023.11.08 17:14:53 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
“RITES Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 01, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL MITHAL–CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR– RITES LIMITED 
MR. A.K. SINGH – DIRECTOR PROJECTS – RITES 
LIMITED 
DR. DEEPAK TRIPATHI – DIRECTOR TECHNICAL– 
RITES LIMITED 
MR. K. G. AGARWAL – DIRECTOR FINANCE - RITES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARSHIT KAPADIA–ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the RITES Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, 
all participants' will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Securities Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Malcolm. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Elara 
Securities, we welcome you all for the Q2 FY '24 and H1 FY '24 
conference call of RITES Limited. I take this opportunity to welcome the 
management of RITES represented by Shri. Rahul Mithal, Chairman 
and Managing Director; Shri. A K Singh, Director Projects; Dr. Deepak 
Tripathi, Director Technical and Shri. K. G, Agarwal, Director Finance. 
We will begin the call with a brief overview by the management 
followed by Q&A session. 
 
I'll now hand over the call to Rahul, sir, for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning, everyone. So I go ahead with the opening safe harbor 
statement. The presentation and the press release, which we uploaded 
on our website yesterday and all discussions during the call today may 
have some forward-looking statements. These statements consider 
the environment we see as of today and obviously, carry a risk in terms 
of uncertainty because of which the actual results could be different, 
and we do not undertake to update those statements periodically. 
 
In my opening comments, a brief overview of the Q2. It's been a tough 
quarter but has been satisfying for our entire team is that it is in line 
with the strategy we had envisaged at the beginning of the FY to tackle 
the twin challenges of revenue from my export stream of business and 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
for the changed dynamics in the inspection consultancy stream of 
business. It was a threefold strategy: one, to give more and more stress 
on the project consultancy revenue, which has seen a substantial 
increase, both sequentially as well as Y-o-Y as well as getting fresh 
orders in consultancy. 
 
The second was to try and diversify the client base in the inspection 
stream of business from more and more non-IR clients to minimize the 
impact of the changed dynamics that also has seen a substantial 
improvement sequentially. There has been a growth in the client base 
and an increase in the revenue also. And third was to aggressively 
pursue export opportunities so that the major dent in both top and 
bottom line from the export stream of revenue, that gets mitigated. 
 
We are quite happy that we have been declared L1 in 2-3 locations, 
order value of about INR1,500-plus crores and we are looking forward 
to them being converted to finite orders in the coming weeks, which we 
will pursue for generating revenue in the coming quarter. 
 
So all in all, a tough quarter. But yes, satisfaction that all three fronts 
have seen a substantial progress, and we will continue to work in that 
direction. With those opening comments, I'll leave the field open for 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Dixit Doshi 
from Whitestone Financial Advisors Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Dixit Doshi: 
My first question is regarding the export business. So in the last quarter, 
we had two order wins of Zimbabwe INR850 crores in Mozambique 
INR500 crores. And recently, we have one order in Bangladesh of 
INR900 crores. If you can update on all three of this where it is by when 
you expect to sign the agreement and find we can start working on 
these projects and how much time it will take for the execution? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Good morning Dixit. So yes, in terms of all these three, we were in the 
Mozambique tender and the Bangladesh tender, declared L1. And the 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
TEC proceedings are on. We are looking forward to them getting 
ratified as soon as possible in the coming weeks that they get 
converted into an LOI. We have not yet added any of these to our order 
books. When we will get a finite LOA only then we will add it to our 
order books, but we are looking forward to them getting converted 
soon. The Bangladesh is for 200 coaches and Mozambique could be for 
locos could be wagons or both. So that would depend on what the LOA 
finally comes, what quantity comes. 
 
All these three types have different delivery scheduled based on the 
production cycle. But our efforts would be to at least start generating 
revenue from them latest by Q1 of the coming FY and then stabilize it 
on a steady basis quarter-on-quarter and the coming FY. So definitely, 
next FY these orders should generate revenue. 
Dixit Doshi: 
Okay. And update on Zimbabwe? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. So the Zimbabwe one was an agreement signed about 4 months 
back when the Zimbabwe delegation came here, it was an agreement 
signed for locomotives and wagons. Subject to their funding being 
approved by their funding agencies. They are still under the process of 
taking all requisite approvals from the government. We are ready with 
all necessary steps to be taken as soon as the agreement is signed. 
Again, we are looking forward for that to get signed in the coming 
months. But all 3 of them are progressing parallelly, they could mature 
as I said, in the coming weeks and months, definitely sometime in this 
quarter. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
So during this quarter, we've seen issues or, I would say, pressure 
across segments in terms of margins, except for one. So fair to assume 
this is the new normal or this is just a one-off? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, very correct. You see all the 4 streams of revenue are more and 
more getting opened to the competitive mode. You saw that in the 
inspection stream from the IR. Consultancy across all my 13 verticals 
across all areas of infrastructure are getting more and more coming in 
the competitive mode rather than the nomination mode. While our 
efforts are still on to continue with clients who are being traditionally 
giving some orders on nomination. 
 
However, that's the new normal as you correctly said. And obviously, 
when you have competitive mode whether both in the domestic 
bidding or international bidding margins are definitely going to be 
lesser than what traditionally they have been in the pure nomination 
era. So for sure, moving forward, in all streams of revenue, all by 4 
streams of revenue, margins would definitely be under continued 
stress. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
All right. Any number you would like to assign in terms of guidance, 
say, '22 to '24 something? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see each of the four streams of revenue have wide ranges of 
margins, from turnkey to the consultancy. Even within consultancy, 
they keep wary. So it would not be proper right now. This is evolving 
over every quarter, the mix is changing between competitive to 
nomination. I can only say that all efforts are there to secure margin 
as close as possible to the historic levels. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique. 
Please go ahead.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, if you could tell me what was the QA number booked in this 
particular quarter? And what was the kind of margins attributable to 
that? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, I can tell you that QA if you compare Q2 Y-o-Y, we got a dent 
of about INR25 crores. On an average QA used to be about INR90 
crores to INR100 crores a quarter. And this took a dent of about INR25 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
crores starting from Q1 this year. However, as I said in my opening 
comments, the aim was right from last few months to diversify our 
client base. 
 
And that is why Q1 to Q2 saw about a 7% growth in the QA revenue 
from about INR73 crores to about INR78 crores. So I have been able to 
balance out the dent in the margins in the competitive mode of QA vis-
a-vis getting revenue in higher streams of project consultancy, and we 
could see an overall consultancy margins of about 40%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Think Site 
Advisory. 
Yash Gupta: 
Sir, my first question is on the QA. Clear you're saying that currently, 
we are at INR75 crores on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So what the 
expectations for the second half of the year? Are we expecting on the 
same line? And as we have already said that margin that QA has 
always did this. So we are expecting further dip in the margin in FY '25 
also? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. You see very correct. Yash. As I mentioned, average, the quarter 
revenue in QA used to make INR90 crores to INR100 crores. That's been 
the trend. Last Q2, last FY was about INR98 crores. So, we are aiming 
to go reach back that level by diversifying our client base. As you see, 
the trend is already moving towards that INR73 crores in Q1, INR78 
crores in Q2. We are aiming to reach back those levels in the quarters 
of next FY. 
 
It's a tough challenge to come back to those levels, especially since the 
IR business, now you are 1 among 4, including the reduced rate. So the 
hit is both in terms of the quantum as well as the rate. So to come back 
to those levels, it's going to be a tough challenge in the coming quarter. 
But as you correctly said, the margins also will be constantly under 
stress in this stream of business. So our aim is to come back to those 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
levels. But as you see, the upward swing is already there, 73 to 78, 
about 7-odd percent, and we would continue to aim for that. 
Yash Gupta: 
So we expect a normal edge too also on the QA business. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Let me not use the word to our expect. We would say that the aim for 
coming back in the coming quarters, in the coming few quarters to the 
levels of revenue of QA that we were in the previous FY. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. Please 
go ahead.  
Viraj Mithani: 
My question is regarding QA only, we had some joint venture with 
some international companies. Can you give some color on that? Like 
what is the update? How it's going to be planning in future? Any 
update on that would be helpful. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. In fact, that was initiated a few months back as part of many such 
initiatives which we are taking. So what we are trying to do in QA is, 
one, as I said, expand on the client base. So we are starting to get orders 
from non-IR both government as well as private clients. 
 
Two, we are exploring opportunities in the international QA, which was 
the reason for partnership with the company or we are trying to also 
look into areas of application of AI into QA for which we have recently 
partnered with IIT Roorkee. So all of these are aimed at giving the client 
another level of QA, increasing the client base and coming back to the 
levels of QA, which we work even in this changed ecosystem. 
Viraj Mithani: 
Is it going in the right direction? I mean what's your sense I understand 
the business takes time, but is it going in the right direction? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, we can say with satisfaction that it's moving in the right direction. 
You see coming from 73 in Q1 to 78 in Q2 at least the number of clients 
have also increased. I see a positive movement in response from a 
number of new clients including our ISA certification, which we got, 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
which is giving us a number of new prospects of inspection like metros, 
etcetera. So we are going in the right direction. 
 
Yes, it's going be a tough call in the coming quarters if we come back 
to previous levels of revenue. And then at those levels, margin 
obviously to get those on the margin would be wait out, but it is getting 
back those levels of revenue and then substantially building up on the 
part of the EBITDA and profits from the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dixit Doshi from Whitestone 
Financial Advisors Private Limited. 
Dixit Doshi: 
On the export front, so once we signed the agreement, typically, how 
much time goes into the designing and how much time it will take to 
start recognizing the revenue in the P&L and the margins will be similar 
of the historic export orders of 24%, 25% and lastly, on the export, is 
there any more large ticket export in the pipeline? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So let me -- you asked 3 questions. Let me quickly break down into 3 
parts. First, you see these types of stock in these we were L1, which 
have coaches, locomotive and wagons. Now each one of them, as you 
can appreciate have a different time frame. The shortest is for the 
wagons followed up by coaches and then followed up by locomotives. 
So our aim is that blended mix between the 2 -- from the time that we 
get the formal LOA agreement, we are aiming of atleast 6 to 9 months’ 
time maximum, we start generating some revenue from the wagons, 
coaches, locomotives as early as possible. 
 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
So in terms of the second thing about margins, which you asked, as you 
can see, the Bangladesh tender, as I said, was an open global tender on 
a competitive mode, which is open to all the countries, the suppliers in 
the world. This is the first in the last so many odd years, may be the 
first one vis-a-vis most of them which were either through the line of 
credit or a G2G basis. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
 
So obviously, the margins moving forward where you're competing 
and trying to get orders in global tenders in a competitive mode cannot 
be the same level. Definitely, margins in the export stream also will be 
definitely comparatively lesser than what they have been there in the 
past. 
 
In terms of the third part of your question, in terms of big ticket orders 
anymore, we have been continuously aggressively bidding across the 
continents, both Southeast Asia and Africa and Latin America they 
have started yielding results, as you can see. It would be premature for 
me to pre-empt anything, but as soon as we get something, we will 
definitely declare to the exchanges. But I can only say that a number 
of opportunities are being bid for literally on a weekly and monthly 
basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shreyans Mehta from Equirus. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Sir, my question pertains to our top line. So assuming the export orders, 
as you've been guiding would be probably 6 months, 9 months down 
the line. So is it fair to assume or probably are you confident that we'll 
be able to meet the last year's numbers as far as the top line is 
concerned? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Well, as you've seen from the numbers and the mix of the revenue vis-
a-vis what it was last year, it's not an apple-to-apple comparison 
because the mix is totally different. While our aim is to reach back to 
those levels, the first aim is to reach back to as close to levels of EBITDA 
and profit to last year. And then, obviously, parallelly working on reach 
back to levels of revenue last year. This is a new consolidation and 
holding on and trying to make as many in all the 3 fronts, which I 
mentioned at the outset, substantial progress in a quick manner so that 
we are able to use them and start generating substantial revenue and 
profits in the coming FY. 
Shreyans Mehta: 
Got it. Got it.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Yash Gupta from Think Site 
Advisory. 
Yash Gupta: 
Second question is on your consultancy business. So consultancy used 
to do around to be like INR300-plus crores of revenue. And in the QA 
business, you are getting head-off around to be like INR25 crores to 
INR30 crores. So my question is that what about the other business, 
the other part, other in the consultancy other than the QA business, 
how that particular business performing? Are we expecting like 10% to 
12% growth there and marginal stagnant? Or there also we are hoping 
submitting the margin as well as the growth. 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, as you correctly pointed out, my core stream of revenue is 
consultancy and in project consultancy, in terms of the revenue, we 
saw a 20% growth Y-o-Y and a 10% growth sequentially. There is 
substantial growth, both in the project consultancy revenue as well as 
the QA revenue sequentially, which you saw. So you could see an 
overall growth in the consultancy revenue of about 5% Y-o-Y. 
 
And you take the project consultancy, which is a substantial portion of 
the consultancy, that, as I said, saw 20% growth Y-o-Y and a 10% 
growth sequentially. So the key factor is that consultancy, which is our 
core strength is substantially growing not only in terms of revenue 
realization, but in terms of getting fresh orders also. 
 
So this quarter, we have got about 78 orders, which is on an upward 
trend from about 70 in Q1 which is currently at the rate of 0.85 orders 
a day. And the way we are progressing, we are aiming for a milestone 
of reaching 1 order a day in the coming quarter. So consultancy is 
progressing well. I've already explained to you about the prospects in 
exports. Leasing is another about 5% of my pie which is also growing, 
margins have been healthy. So that's quite a steady growth. Turnkey 
is our limited area, which we are not really a construction company, 
but we've got an order book of INR2,500 crores and turnkey revenue 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
would keep on being maintained at a steady level. These are very low 
margin, and this is not primarily our main line of business. 
Yash Gupta: 
Sir, in the project consultancy as you've told that 20%. So the margins 
are constant there? Or there is some special margin there also. 
Rahul Mithal: 
No. because the mix from inputs and because of the inspection, we 
have taken a hit on the margin. And even within project consultancy, 
as I said at the outset, because of more and more competitive bidding 
in certain sectors, project consultancy also are under strain. So, 
maintaining margins at the historical level, whether it is for inspection 
stand-alone 
or 
consultancy 
overall, 
which 
includes 
project 
consultancy, is always going to be a tough. However, we have still been 
able to maintain overall consultancy margins at about 40% which is 
going to be a tough, but we are aiming to be as close as possible to the 
historical margins moving forward. 
Yash Gupta: 
Small suggestion toward the moderator, if you can allow 2 questions 
for participants, it will be much easier for us. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. 
Vishal Periwal: 
My question is on the margins. I think you did highlight a little distress 
on the margins in this particular year. But in this quarter, if you look at, 
there has been a weakness in margin in consultancy as well as there 
was a loss at EBIT level. At turnkey also, there has been a decline. In all 
three, you expect the same kind of trajectory going ahead? Or 
probably there is one-off in turnkey and export in this quarter? 
Rahul Mithal: 
No. As I said, in all core streams and for the reasons as I said for exports, 
because now it is more and more of competitive global tenders, which 
we are aggressively bidding, have lesser contribution compare to LOC 
type G2G contracts. Now more and more around competitive bidding 
on global tenders, so export margins are not at the same levels 
historically. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
 
Consultancy since inspection itself is a part of the consultancy revenue 
and for the reason explained as well as project consultancies, some of 
the sectors in project consultancy with more and more being opened 
up to competitive bidding will definitely also see a stress in margins.  
So turnkey, by nature itself are in the range of about 2%-3%, which on 
a steady basis on an annual basis will even out in about 2%-3%. So 
maybe a quarter wherein there is a fluctuation in the turnkey margin. 
But on overall in a project or the milestones get achieved in 
construction, they will be out on an average about 2%-3%.  
Leasing is the good level of margins with business of 5%. We are 
planning to expand the client base also in leasing. We would gain or 
getting more revenue and more profits in leasing. But overall, yes, in 
terms of the overall core EBITDA, blended core EBITDA for the entire 
company for all the reasons in all 4 streams of revenue that I explained 
maintaining margins to the level that they were is always going to be 
tough, moving forward. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Okay. So, it's basically change in the guidance earlier, like revenue 
growth will be flattish, margin improvement will be there. So there's a 
change in the guidance on that front. Profitable growth. So that at 
least in FY '24, it looks challenging, FY '25, whenever the export moves 
up, then only the traction could come? That's broadly one can 
summarize. 
Rahul Mithal: 
So basically the change in challenges this year started with the same 
2 challenges and the strategy of trying to hold on and maintain levels 
of revenue and EBITDA to last FY. And that is what our aims are going 
to be, that we're moving forward in the coming 2 quarters, even with 
the strength in margins because of the mixed blend both inspection 
and export our high-margin contributors to the overall pie. 
So definitely, margins comparable to last year will be tough. But the 
aim of trying to reach the levels of revenue and EBITDA or PAT at last 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
FY that aim will always still be there for this FY we are holding on and 
consolidating and next FY, growth in both the top and bottom line with 
even the stress from market. 
Moderator: 
Mr. Periwal, I am sorry to interrupt you. I would please request you to 
please join the queue since we have more participants for more 
questions. If you could please join the queue back again. The next 
question is from the line of Viraj from Jupiter Financial. 
Viraj Mithani: 
I wanted a color on REMCL. How are things progressing there? And 
what are your feelings about it? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank you for asking that. In fact, REMCL is actually to our happiness 
and satisfaction moving forward aggressively. The revenue grown 
substantially. If you compare Y-o-Y, Q2, both revenue and profit, a 
growth of about 17% in revenue, a growth of about 16% in PAT. 
 
It is successively for quarters now it is paying dividend to both the RITES 
and IR, it has paid the highest ever dividend during this quarter. About, 
99% plus of its profit, it is distributing a dividend. REMCL is moving 
forward very aggressively, both in terms of its traditional line of 
business as well as the net zero emission of Indian Railways is already 
finalized the first tender of RTC a few months back, and it's on the part 
of processing other similar RTC tenders in the coming quarters. 
Viraj Mithani: 
Is it fair to grow at double-digit margins, double-digit revenues, I mean 
high double-digit revenue. 
Rahul Mithal: 
It will go at a steady pace after because electrification is increasing, 
the traffic is increasing in IR. So it will grow at a steady pace. It's 
obviously garnering all possible growth that is happening in IR, both in 
electrification as well as traffic. However, after a certain stage, coming 
forward, we'll give you depending on when a certain entire level of 
electrification is reached. By that time, definitely, there will be a 
substantial growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parimal Mithani from Credential 
Investments. 
Parimal Mithani: 
I just wanted to know, sir, REMCL last year, there was almost INR95 
crores in revenue and INR45 crores in PAT. And current year, we almost 
come to INR79 crores and INR42 crores in PAT. And this is just for the 
existing electrification using. Do you think we can surpass last year's 
revenue in this current year itself with the same margins? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for sure. We are already moving in that direction. As you are 
currently saying the figures compared to last year has been a 
substantial growth. And even, as I said, Q2 Y-o-Y has seen a 16%, 17% 
growth both in revenue and profit. So with the increase in 
electrification and traffic growth in IR we are on path for definitely 
exceeding last year's revenue as well as profits in REMCL. 
Parimal Mithani: 
The dedicated freight corridor, do we do any part in REMCL right now, 
sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Only IR is a client right now, which includes dedicated freight corridor. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sampat Nayak from Tiger Asset. 
Please go ahead.  
Sampat Nayak: 
Yes. So all our future projects will be on a competitive basis, right? So 
the bidding will be on a competitive basis, right? 
Rahul Mithal: 
I mean, it's unfair to use the word all. I can only say that the trend is 
moving towards more and more competitive bidding across all 
streams of business. That's the trend now, and that is across sectors. 
Sampat Nayak: 
Right. And can you give a ballpark number on this sustainable EBITDA 
margins going ahead? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So as I said, it's not fair for me to give a number, considering it's an 
evolving situation. There are 4 blends, 4 streams of revenue. The fact is 
across all 4 stream of revenue for the reasons that I explain some time 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
back are definitely going to be difficult to maintain at the historical 
level. But yes, the dip or the variations in the margins in each of the 4 
streams will be different. Overall, also on a blended mix, the margins 
maintaining at the previous levels is going to be a tough call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Natarajan from Antique. 
Please go ahead.  
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, I see that you're doing a lot of collaboration with state-owned 
entities like PFC, IRFC. What is the scope of adding up consultancy order 
inflows through that kind of collaboration? Can we assume, like, for 
instance, PFC fit mix incrementally a loan of INR1 lakh crores, is it 
possible that INR1,000 crores could possibly come as consultancy 
revenue for potential pipe for RITES. Could you elaborate on those 
aspects? 
Rahul Mithal: 
You see, not only IRFC and PFC, we are very aggressively trying to 
collaborate and partner across various sectors with our goal of trying 
to be a 1 order a day company. We have already reached about 0.85 
orders a day in quarter 2 and moving forward, we feel that 1 order a 
day is reachable in the coming quarters. Specifically an IRFC and PFC 
type of collaboration. 
 
It is more for projects or infrastructure projects which they plan to 
invest as they are both diversifying from their core sector like power 
and IR they're diversifying into other sectors also. So they want to use 
our experience of doing due diligence for their various investment 
opportunities, which they plan to invest in. So these are the initial deals 
where collaboration started as they grow and as they invest more in 
various sector, depending on the scope of work for each consultancy 
that we get from them, I see a good opportunity of getting orders from 
both of them. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Sir, just to follow up on that. The conversion of this 1 order a day in 
terms of ticket size, what would that number look like? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
So you see consultancy is a wide range you could have an order of 
INR50 lakhs, you got an order of about INR30 crores, INR40 crores, 
depending on which portion of the value chain that you enter in. So it's 
very difficult to give you number of 1 order, you can have the historical 
trend, which will give you an order and average. For example, 78 orders 
we got in quarter 2 this year, totalling to INR329 crores. So these are 
the average consultancy range of order that we get. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shikha Doshi from Axis Securities. 
Please go ahead.  
Shikha Doshi: 
Could you give a guidance on the capex for this year? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So we are a low capex company. We really don't -- our average capex 
has been in the range of about INR100 crores, INR150 crores 
traditionally. This quarter, we did a capex of INR28 crores bringing the 
cumulative to H1 to INR63 crores. And we would end up ending up 
somewhere around about INR145 crores, INR150 crores. That's the 
historical trend that we have. We are moving forward also we're not 
going to be a major capex company, we range in that about INR100 
crores or maybe less. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mehul from Nuvama Wealth. 
Please go ahead.  
Mehul: 
Observing the dividend payout ratio over the last decade, there has 
been increased substantially from 20% to about like nearing 100% 
now. So is there -- if I look at like in the business segment, seems like it's 
not that significant change like over the period. So how should we look 
at what is driving that like? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, I'm glad you asked this question. It is a reiteration that we are a 
consultancy company, we are not a construction company. We are not 
an infrastructure capex company. With that clarity, long-term clarity 
in our core business and our core business strategy, once we are very 
clear and as a reconfirmation and reiteration of that, we don't see any 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
reason of holding back on dividend and that is why we are flowing back 
the earnings that we get to our stakeholders and that's why you are 
seeing a steady dividend payout ratio of 90% to 93%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir, a question from my side on the export front. So we have already 
seen the 3 orders probably you'll be getting in a few weeks and month 
time. But beyond that also, do you see a reasonable amount of pipeline 
which you could be working on? Because if I remember from last year 
onwards, we have been saying that every year, you will see some 
orders which will be coming up. So beyond these 3, is there a pipeline 
that you will be looking at? Or probably there could be some amount 
of lumpiness again, which has been the case. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Mentioned that. Glad you asked this question because, again, this is 
reconfirmation of our strategy, which we started last year post-COVID 
as the world was opening up to reach out aggressively to all possible 
clients across the 3 continents, whether it is Africa, Southeast Asia or 
Latin America. And we did not rely purely only on G2G or line of credit 
type of tenders. We are now building, as you see from a live example 
of this Bangladesh coaches tender. This is an EIB-funded tender. And 
so we are now bidding aggressively literally on a week or a month 
basis, not only in LOC G2G type contracts. But global tenders of export. 
So with this, to my mind, is just the beginning and our aim will be not 
to see any lumpiness leading to this being some challenging quarters 
for us in terms of export tech revenue. So our aim is that we have 
enough orders coming on a regular basis in exports, so that the 
contribution from this stabilizes over a period of time in the coming 
quarters on a steady basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is again from Harshit Kapadia from Elara Capital. 
Please go ahead.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Sir, just a question on the turnkey construction. We saw a decline by 6% 
in this quarter. Now was that because of normally Q2 is generally a 
weak quarter because of monsoon. So in fact, activities are slow or is it 
because some of the projects have not reached the threshold level 
have you not able to book the revenue portion. If you can give us some 
sense on that. 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes. There was a slight dip in the revenue in turnkey in this quarter, not 
on very major substantial reason for RITES, except that we still have an 
order book of INR2,500 crores and various projects are at various 
stages. So it's a question of some reaching, some particular stages in 
their completion and booking of the revenue. Moving forward, 
normally traditionally Q3-Q4, things pick up more in construction 
contracts. And I see this trend going forward in the turnkey stream of 
revenue in Q3-Q4 to increase substantially as these projects progress 
at a faster pace. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Rohit Natarajan from Antique. 
Rohit Natarajan: 
Yes. This is just a follow-up on the IRSDC investment, which will 
probably get transferred to RLDA. Your investments of INR48 crores, I 
see that you have mentioned you don't see any impairment risk in that 
business. But could you clarify us in what are the future plans or RLDA 
has? Would there be a further equity participation in future projects for 
RLDA where the company will allocate some capital to these 
particular segments. 
Rahul Mithal: 
See, Rohit, it's not fair for me to comment on RLDA plans. I can only say 
that our investments, as I've been saying earlier, it is safe and it's in the 
process of being wound up and the necessary processes are leading to 
a logical conclusion timely. We are pursuing it, watching it very closely. 
We don't expect any hit or impact at all. And that is where I'll limit my 
comments. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
Vishal Periwal: 
Now I think you mentioned that as the competition is increasing and 
how the P&L changes could happen. From a balance sheet point of 
view, does this differ, will that increase in the working capital 
requirement or things like that, that you can provide a color. 
Rahul Mithal: 
No, not really, Vishal. Our model, traditionally, as you've seen, our 
working capital requirements are very minimal. We are a debt-free 
company also. So this change of mode of awarding contracts is not 
really going to change the working capital requirements moving 
forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. 
Please go ahead.  
Rahil Shah: 
So the first half has seen a degrowth in terms of top line consolidated 
level. So do you think by the year-end, you'll be able to make up and at 
least reach FY '23 levels or that EBITDA from the revenue front? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, as I mentioned some time back, that, even with 2 major 
contributors being not there, compared to last FY, and even if these few 
export opportunities fructify into finite contract agreements in the 
coming weeks as you saw from my detailed explanation regarding the 
time frame for export revenues, the earlier that we could expect 
revenue would be Q1 in the next FY. 
 
So yes, coming back to levels of FY '23 is going to be a challenge. But 
having said that, our efforts are on to compensate and minimize the 
impact as much possible by the growth in the project consultancy 
range, which, as I mentioned, this quarter also saw a 20% growth Y-o-
Y compared to Q2. So with that, we are trying to compensate levels of 
reaching back both in terms of bottom line and top line comparable to 
last FY. 
Rahil Shah: 
Okay. Got it. So then from that perspective, FY '25 should see a 
substantial growth overall? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
Rahul Mithal: 
Yes, for sure. 
Rahil Shah: 
Any ballpark percentage you can attached to it right now or then be 
typical? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Not fair right now to pre-empt, but you see the direction in which we 
are moving. Even with 2 streams of revenue, having taken a hit if we 
are able to touch back the base of FY '23. And with these orders of 
exports generating revenue in Q1 onwards, we definitely would like to 
see a substantial growth both in top and bottom line vis-a-vis this base 
level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Kapadia from Elara 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
Harshit Kapadia: 
Just on the clarification, what we are hearing is that there has been 
some amount of ordering deceleration or other railways that can run 
up to election. Are you able to also see the similar thing for your 
turnkey construction projects as well, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
So we are still getting a lot of consultancy. I mean we are bidding 
primarily for consultancy works for IR. We has got a lot of work in 
consultancy, which is our cost strength 2 sections we got for semi high-
speed surveys and consultancy for DPR, we have got some orders for 
development of rail sidings, the consultancy, final location surveys. We 
are continuously getting orders, and I don't see any slowdown in that 
at all. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
What about the turnkey part, sir, on the consultant you clarified, how 
turnkey is there something also. 
Rahul Mithal: 
We are bidding very limited, as I said, turnkey is not really our main 
source of revenue. We still have about INR2,500 crores as our order 
book. We would like to limit it to very limited strategic opportunities, 
not only in the railway sector, but some buildings or some metro 
construction, these are the 3 broad areas. Station development, which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
we have been getting few construction orders in turnkey. So we don't 
see any major slowdown in that. Wherever we feel to balance our 
optimum turnkey requirements by phasing it out, we are bidding and 
getting some orders in turnkey business also. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As we have no further questions, I now hand over 
the conference to Mr. Harshit Kapadia for closing comments. Please go 
ahead. 
Harshit Kapadia: 
Thank you, Malcolm. We would like to thank Shri. Rahul Mithal, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Shri. A K Singh, Director Projects; 
Shri. K.G. Agarwal, Director Finance; and Shri Dr. Deepak Tripathi, 
Director Technical for giving us an opportunity to host this call. And we 
also thank all investors and analysts for joining for this call. Any closing 
remarks Rahul, sir? 
Rahul Mithal: 
Thank you, Harshit, and thank you to all my stakeholders who have the 
confidence in us. And as explained, we are on the track for the 
consolidating our position. We see progress in all the three areas which 
we have strategized as our way forward for this FY. All key fronts, as I 
explained, are moving in the right trend, if you see sequentially also. 
With that and our recent being accorded the Navratna status a few 
weeks back, which is a feather in our cap in our 50th year, as we reach 
50 years in April. And the fact that we are currently at 0.85 order day, 
aiming to be a one order a day company, I see interesting quarters 
moving forward. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Elara Securities, Private Limited, that 
concludes this conference call. Thank you for joining us, and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
-End- 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RITES Limited 
November 01, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Disclaimer 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no 
responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. Statements in this transcript 
describing the Company's objectives, projections, estimates, expectations may be "forward-looking statements" within the 
meaning of applicable securities laws and regulations. Actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied. 
Important factors that could make a difference to the Company's operations include, among others, economic conditions 
affecting demand / supply and price conditions in the domestic and overseas markets in which the Company operates, changes 
in Government regulations, tax laws and other statutes and incidental factors. This communication is not an offer to sell or the 
solicitation of an offer to buy securities. 
 
