 
 
 
 
 
SIS Limited  
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
 
Date: November 4, 2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Transcript of the Earnings Call – Q2 FY24 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the earnings call for Q2 FY24 held on October 31, 2023. 
The transcript is also available on the Company’s website at https://sisindia.com/financial-
results-presentations/.   
 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you 
 For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
 Pushpalatha K 
 Company Secretary 
 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed by 
PUSHPA LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 2023.11.04 
16:22:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“SIS Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RITURAJ SINHA – GROUP MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SIS LIMITED  
 
MR. DEVESH DESAI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SIS LIMITED 
 
MR. BHARAT BAKHSHI – PRESIDENT M&A, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND VENTURES – SIS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SIS Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bharat Bakhshi, President M&A, Investor Relations and 
Ventures from SIS Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Bharat Bakhshi. 
Bharat Bakhshi: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone, and welcome to our Q2 FY '24 Earnings Call. Along with 
me, I have our Group Managing Director, Rituraj Sinha and our Group CFO Devesh Desai. I 
hope everyone has had a chance to look at our results and the earnings note, which has been 
uploaded on the stock exchanges and the company website. 
 
We are happy to report strong numbers this quarter. Revenue is up 11% year-on-year, and 
EBITDA is up over 31%. For the first time, we have crossed a milestone of ₹1,000 crores 
revenue per month. We have had the highest ever quarterly revenue in India Security, in facility 
management as well as in our Cash business. As you know, as a group, we have been very 
focused on margins, both in terms of customer contracts as well as SG&A costs. 
 
We're happy to report that consolidated EBITDA margins have improved from 4% in the same 
quarter last year to 4.7% this quarter, which is a substantial uptick. Leading this improvement in 
margins was our India Security business where margins have improved substantially from 4.4% 
in the same quarter last year to 5.7% this quarter, a change of 130 basis points. 
 
In the International Security business, EBITDA margin was 4% this quarter, again, up from 
3.3% in the same quarter last year. And this was in spite of a tight labour market and a record 
wage hike of 5.7%, which became effective this quarter in Australia. As you know, the wage 
hike gets passed on to customers, and as that happens, it should even further improve margins. 
 
On the facility management side, as you are aware, this year, we became the largest FM company 
in India. We are continuing to see good tailwind in the sector with a continued focus on building 
out of assets and infrastructure in the country and the greater focus by customers on quality and 
the experience. We had our highest ever quarterly revenue of ₹528 crores this quarter in FM 
hence, comfortably run rating over ₹2,000 crores per annum. 
 
The Cash business had an EBITDA margin of 16.1% this quarter and a PAT margin of 8.5% 
with profit after tax improving over 200% from the same quarter last year. So overall, we're very 
happy with the business momentum and also particularly the increase in margins. 
 
We will now turn it over for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Bakhshi. The first question is from the line of Mayur Liman from 
Profitmart Securities. Please go ahead.  
Mayur Liman: 
I just want to understand about the long-term and short-term debt. Is the company planning to 
reduce the debt. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
Rituraj Sinha: 
This is Rituraj. Thanks for your question. I think the first and most important thing that I wanted 
to point out is that our leverage situation is very reasonable today. And from any perspective, if 
you look at our results, you will note that not just now, but throughout 6 years since we got 
listed, we have been very conscious about leverage in this company. We have indicated in the 
past that we believe that 1.5x gearing is the right level of gearing for the business because it is a 
high cash generating business itself. 
 
However, we clearly pointed out that we do not want to exceed 2x of EBITDA gearing. So that's 
our range, and we are within that range, and we believe that we will maintain that change. And 
that's been the trend for the last 6 years since we listed. 
Mayur Liman: 
Okay. My second question is on capex. Could you please provide guidance on the company's 
view on any capex plan?  
Rituraj Sinha: 
You have to understand the nature of business. The real capital involved in the business is only 
working capital. If you look at our gross debt, you will see that a majority of that, more than 
90% is purely working capital related loans which are secured against receivables from our 
customers, the capital expenditure, capex involved in this business is rather low. 
And I wouldn't say that we have capex planned in the upcoming year, which is anything beyond 
the normal levels. So, if I would put a number on it, I'd say maybe we have capex of ₹50 crores 
at ballpark range. We generally do not have capex beyond that. 
Mayur Liman: 
And my last question is what are your expectation from the next quarter? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
As a matter of policy, we do not provide guidance as such. But if you look at this year's results, 
the first half result, you will see that the growth is strong. Most importantly, there was a lot of 
questioning around on the margin profile of our businesses. Margins are consistently improving. 
Even this quarter, we reported 11% y-o-y revenue growth and 31% y-o-y EBITDA growth. 
So, I guess we are very much on track. In second half of the year, the order pipeline looks to be 
strong. Our margin planning seems to be more or less on track. So, we believe that we are on a 
good trajectory and FY '24 will be a record performance year for SIS Group. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaushik Mohan from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Sir, what I cannot understand and need highlights 
is on our service sector, for example, in security service, which is the dominant sector, who is 
dominating the revenue from this sector? Like which sector is dominating the security service 
for major revenues? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
If I understand correctly, you're talking about customer segments? 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Yes, customer segments. Specifically, customer segment who is the major sector as customers 
that will dominate in this revenue stream? 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So, if you look at the security business, our security business in India at the moment is close to 
doing ₹450-odd crores monthly. If you look at the security business, the major revenue 
contributors are manufacturing, IT and IT services, including BPOs. And then followed by 
healthcare and commercial buildings like corporate offices and commercial establishments. But 
the most important thing that you must notice that no single sector contributes more than 15% 
of our overall revenue. 
We are a highly diversified business from a customer segment perspective. So even 
manufacturing would be close to 15%, 16% of revenue. IT would be around that mark and 
followed by other segments. So that's our customer segment revenue profile. Details of this can 
be obtained from our team, they will be very happy to provide you an exact breakup of customer 
segment-wise revenue. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Sir, I recently have also made one-off a private company in the same segment. The attrition rate 
is very high in this business. So how are we and what is our attrition rate? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well. Attrition rate in our security business and our facility management business is more or less 
in the range of 30% to 40% a year. Industry wide if you see the Security business or FM business 
has close to 50% attrition rate, ours is marginally better. But then again, even the IT companies 
maintain attrition rate of 30-odd percent. 
What happens in security in SIS or in FM in SIS is that we have invested very heavily in our 
supply chain. SIS Security, for example, operates 21 residential training establishments spread 
across 14 states. In a year, we have capacity to recruit, train, certify 25,000-plus people. So, to 
meet this attrition, we have a replacement supply chain. And this replacement supply chain is 
what separates us from our competitors and facilitates our growth. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it. Sir, that means that the supply which is coming to us, the attrition is 30%. And that means 
that if there is 100 employees, 30 people are like exiting the game, and there will be new 30 
employees joining our game. So what is the training period? How much is this? How much is 
the training period? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Private security agencies Regulation Act mandates training for freshers for those who are 
entering in private security services line for the first time. Our training is 4x of that. So private 
security agencies regulation act mandates 7 to 8 days of training. Our training is of 28 days in 
the residential training academies, where freshers are inducted in the branches, only experienced 
security guards who have worked for at least 1 year in this segment are recruited. So, our training 
and supply chain is probably the best in the industry, and that is what gives us an edge over our 
competitors. 
Kaushik Mohan: 
Got it, sir. Sir, last and final question for my end. I just wanted to understand, we have so many 
number of employees and even the average salaries will vary and we have so many diverse 
clients. How are we managing? What's the kind of software or the SOP that we are using in our 
organization to manage this kind of heavy labour incentive business? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, two things I would like to say. Number one, you must understand that nobody manages 
280,000+ people. No single person manages. The business is operated on a profit centre model 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
where our branch is an independent profit centre. It has its own recruitment person, training 
person, accounting person, salesperson, few people for operations. There's a branch head. So, 
it's like a small ₹10 crores, ₹20 crores company by itself. 
So that profit centre model, a very flat organization, runs 800 to 1200 people business or 40 to 
60 customers business in a particular geography, which is generally one to two districts. So that's 
the way, just like McDonald's plans where to put their store. 
We plan where to put our branch and we try and keep the branch territory to be smallest so that 
there is great concentration on existing customers. And there is proper customer mining in that 
area so that they are able to approach every single potential customer in the area. 
We do not give vast territory to branches. So that's one model of SIS. That's why SIS today 
maintains more than 300 branches in India. If you add security, FM, all types of companies, we 
have more than 300 branches in India. If you compare that to Group 4, for example, they would 
have less than 100 branches. Several of our other competitors have less than 100 branches. This 
network, micro-geography network spread across every state of India across 660-plus districts 
of India makes SIS a true national player. That's number one. 
Number two, on the IT systems, you're absolutely right. You cannot run this business without 
very robust IT systems. Over the last many years, SIS has not just developed proprietary software 
for recruitment, for example, it's called ARK system, Automated Recruitment Kiosk. It was 
pretty much like what we have in Passport Seva Kendra. It's a 10-step process to recruit and 
assess quality of a person. There is MTrainer, which is a mobile app-based training platform. 
There is iOPS to manage operations. There is MySIS to manage attendance and leaves and 
transfers, etc. 
So, there are so many proprietary software that SIS has built through our knowledge base that 
enable us to be what we are today. And then we combine it on the accounting side, etc. We 
combine it with the likes of an Oracle Fusion, which are most reputed software platforms, but 
they do more accounting type work for us, MIS, accounting, that type of work. The principal 
business operations run on homegrown IT systems that are developed and maintained by SIS. 
So, these are the real USPs of SIS. And I'm glad you asked that question because most people 
do not understand that in this sector, there are no barriers to entry. Anybody can set up a security 
company. It doesn't take a lot of capital, a lot of R&D. The barriers are not to entry. The barriers 
are to scale. There are more than 15,000 licensed private security companies in India. There are 
only two companies which have a revenue of more than ₹2,000 crores. 
There are many, many cleaning service facility management service companies in India. There 
are three companies which are over ₹2,000 crores in revenue. There are many, many, many cash 
companies in India, there are only two which are above ₹500 crores in revenue. So, barriers are 
to scale. And for scale, you need Pan-India Network and very robust IT systems. Sorry for a 
long answer, but I just took the opportunity... 
Koushik Mohan: 
This was the best answer that I can expect from -- because it gives us a clear clarity on the 
business. Sir, my next question, sir, every time we see in the last 15 quarters or 20 quarters, our 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
tax numbers fluctuate a lot. So, can I understand, do we get any benefits or just because we are 
a labour-intensive company, and we have a large base of employees with salaries below ₹20,000 
or what makes us eligible for this tax benefit each and every quarter? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Devesh? 
Devesh Desai: 
Okay. So being an employer to generate employment, and the employees increasing in numbers 
every year, we are eligible for benefits under section 80JJAA of the Income Tax Act, where you 
are incentivized for a special deduction from your income on net number of employees increased 
during the year. Of course, you are right, they have to meet some criteria of salaries not more 
than ₹25,000, that they have to be fresh entrants into the pool, they have to work 240 days for 
the year. And there are a number of conditions which are to be met. 
Now every year, we have a net increase in the number of employees, but the number of 
employees increasing on a year-to-year basis changes. Based on the growth, based on the pricing 
and based on a number of other factors. Now in the COVID years, of course, one or two years, 
we had no growth. So, we were not getting any fresh benefit, but we are only getting benefits 
from the carry-forward benefit of the previous years. 
As you know this section allows you to carry benefits for three years for additional expenditure 
in a particular year. So, during the COVID year, there was no growth for one year, so we did not 
get any fresh benefit, but we only got the benefit for the previous two years. And in the next 
year, there was a smaller growth. Last year, there was a tremendous growth in the revenue and 
the number of employees. This year, the growth is slower. And because of the way we do the 
accounting, we take the current benefit and we also create a deferred tax benefit. And then the 
deferred tax benefit has to be then adjusted in the subsequent two years. 
So that gives the impression that the tax expense is fluctuating and the profit after tax is 
fluctuating. But if you compare the profit after tax and you look at the trend, without considering 
the deferred benefit creation and bring down inflation and bring down for a number of quarters, 
then you will see a smoother picture of what's happening. 
Now as an example, it should look at Page seven in our earnings note it gives you an explanation 
of what's happening. And also says that if I do not consider this deferred tax impact, impact 
bring down and inflation, etc, I only consider the current tax impact. My Tax for the quarter has 
grown to 58% on a year-on-year basis. And there is a smooth trend which takes place. Have I 
answered your question? 
Koushik Mohan: 
Yes, you answered it, sir. Sir, another question, how about our digital side, digital security 
business is growing in a larger scale. When we look at US, they have captured this market in a 
very large scale. How are we equipped to transform ourselves into digital side? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
SIS -- one of our strategic objectives for the Vision 2025 plan that we are currently operating 
was to migrate actively from services to solutions. Solutioning means using a lot of technology, 
whether hardware or software to basically enhance the outcomes or the quality of service for our 
clients. 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
As of now, you will see that SIS on the security side is building a lot of technology capability 
with businesses like VProtect which is our alarm monitoring response business. We have more 
than 18,000 connections now and another 3,000 connections orders in hand. This did not exist 
three years back. Similarly, Tech SIS is going to report one of its best results of the last five 
years in the current financial year basis, the order book. Tech SIS does CCTV camera work and 
other technologies, both on selling basis and on leasing basis. So, SIS on the security side has 
done that. 
On the facility management side, there is a lot of trust on outcome-based contracts where we use 
machines and other software like IPorter and so much other type of technology to enhance the 
outcomes for clients, including energy efficiency of buildings, and various other things like how 
to ensure that the lighting systems, the HVAC systems, etc, are utilized in a way that the 
customers run more efficient buildings, and not just save money. 
So Solutioning is the big part of SIS strategy. Roughly, round about 8% to 10% of our security 
revenues are now coming from solutions-related businesses. Roughly, 30-odd percent of our 
facility management revenues comes from solution type services. In the last five years, this has 
grown considerably, but I believe that in the coming years, the capability that we are building 
will differentiate SIS from our competitors. And I see that the share of solutioning in overall 
revenue will grow at a fast clip, as the customers mature and the market becomes more amenable 
and willing to move away from manpower and move towards technology. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Alok Deshpande from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Just one question on facility management. So, I think last time, you had mentioned that due to 
some low-margin contracts, there is some impact on the margins. Now how should we look at 
the way ahead here in terms of growth of facility management and how do you balance that with 
the margin improvement from where you are currently? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So Alok, I have said this before that in the India business, we have bounced from like 4% types 
margin to 5.7% margin. And I think that they are on track to go above 6% in the coming quarters. 
As far as facility management is concerned, it will follow a similar trail. If you remember, facility 
management was a 6%-plus EBITDA margin business pre-COVID. During COVID, they had 
the biggest impact in terms of revenue because a lot of office premises closed down retail 
establishments were not working. And to make good those loss of contracts or loss of revenue, 
they did take on certain contracts on fixed margins or lower margins that were not the best 
decisions. 
However, that said, the FM business is currently on a contract portfolio review exercise similar 
to what security did. They are churning out suboptimal contracts and replacing them with better 
margin contracts or even in some cases, we are negotiating with customers to reprice our 
contracts because they are not generating reasonable margin for us. 
So, these exercises are time-taking. They have to be done contract per contract. And as you 
know, in our business, there are 1,000 and 1,000s of contracts. So, I believe that the facility 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
management business in short will take a little bit of time to get its margin fixed. It could be two 
quarters, it could be three. Having said that, I will also reaffirm that the facility management 
business has in the past, demonstrated its ability to generate 6%-plus EBITDA margins. And I 
do not see any reason why they cannot go back to the similar level of EBITDA margin in the 
near term. But this will take a little bit of time and it will follow a similar trajectory to what SIS 
Security in India has done. 
Alok Deshpande: 
And Rituraj, while this transition or while this improvement happens, it generally happens from 
4% to the 6% that you have seen historically. How should we look at the growth in facility 
management in this process? Will this be at some lower growth than we have seen historically 
facility management has been a fast-growing area. I just wanted to understand the growth part 
here. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
So, I think it's all relative because the facility management business reported, I think, close to 
35%, 40% growth last year. So as against that, they might be 15% to 20% growth this year. Now 
that is not an independent assessment, this is not small growth because it's faster growth than 
what recently listed companies like UDS will report. But in comparison to 40%, it will be much 
lower. And the reason for that is that as they bring on new contracts, they are also filtering out 
the lower margin ones. So, the net impact is that they will maintain 15%, 20% in that ballpark 
range. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Congratulations on a very good performance. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mohit from Guardian Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Mohit: 
So just coming back to the question of a previous participant Alok, asked. Is there letting go of 
the lower margin contract in shouldn't there has been an uptick in the margin, but margins are 
actually down Q-o-Q. So, I'm not able to reconcile these? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
See, when you let go of bad contracts, lower-margin contracts, your revenue of a branch also 
shrinks. So, your SG&A cost has not shrunk, but your revenue has shrunk. So, in the short term, 
in the immediate term, losing contracts means that your SG&A as a percentage goes up and your 
overall EBITDA margin will come down. But as you rebuild the volume, as you rebuild the 
revenue and SG&A remains the same, then it will start to trickle down directly to enhanced 
EBITDA margins. 
Mohit: 
And the revenues was actually up right both quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Our revenue is up, but you have to also see that at the branch level, it’s a different picture. What 
we see is the consolidated profile, there are certain branches that have taken a severe beating. 
There are branches that are let go of 40% of their revenues and slid into lower margin trajectory 
plus there is a SG&A increase coming through because we do our pay reviews in the second 
quarter. 
So that there, there is bonuses that are paid out in the June to July period. So, because of all those 
reasons, you see what you see. But again, I'm saying in this line of business, my suggestion to 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
anybody who's tracking this sector is don't look at quarter-to-quarter look at the trend line. If 
you look at quarter-to-quarter, you will have to actually understand the business deep down at 
the contract level, at the branch level. 
Mohit: 
So, are you saying that there was some asymmetry like there were some branches that did 
exceptionally well from where the revenue growth was coming and there were some that had 
revenue de-growth and this imbalance in SG&A is what kept the EBITDA margin low? Is my 
understanding, correct? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Yes, plus the increment cycle and the payment of bonuses, etc, which are absorbed in this 
quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of from Rushil Dedhia from Antique 
Stockbroking. Please go ahead. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Sir, I had a question. So, 5% of our revenues is the Cash business right? I mean it is around 17% 
of the PAT. So, I just wanted to know, are we planning to grow this business further? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Absolutely. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
What would be leading -- what will be the driver for that? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, last year, the business reported a very handsome growth of 35%. Even this year, they have 
a strong pipeline, they are growing well. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Okay. And what would be the breakup of the Cash business? I mean, what will be ATM, what 
will be retail cash management and what could be the CIT business? And how are we seeing the 
growth in all three? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Well, the exact numbers you can take from the Investor Relations team. But generally speaking, 
the ATM to non-ATM which is what we generally track. The ATM business would be below 
20% of our overall revenue profile, I think it will be closer to 15%. Many years back in 2017-
'18 post demonetization, SIS took a clear view that the first impact of post-demonetization and 
growth of fintech and digital and payment wallet and all of that. The first impact of that is going 
to be on ATMs. So, ATMs will slow down the -- ATM growth will slow down. The transactions 
per ATM will slow down. The amount of money drawn from ATM will slow down. 
And therefore, 2017 onwards, we started to reposition our business as a bank outsourcing 
services partner. Reducing our focus on ATMs and that has actually worked out quite favourably 
for us. Not only is our ATM portfolio, the smallest compared to AGS, compared to CMS, that's 
a complete contrast. 
Our dependence on ATM is the least. Our deduction and losses and penalties because of that 
reason are relatively lower. And our business is also fast growing because currency in circulation 
is growing. But currency in ATMs or ATM transaction is on the decline. So, I think we are very 
well positioned for the future. And I see that Cash will deliver its best-ever results this year. and 
their profit after tax margin will be close to 10%. We are reporting a 16% EBITDA margin. And 

 
SIS Limited 
 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
we believe that, we are poised to see significant growth. And therefore, we will at the right time 
consider unlocking value for our shareholders in this segment. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
Okay, sir. And how are we seeing growth? I mean, are we doing something? Are we trying to 
get further more contracts in the retail cash management? 
Rituraj Sinha: 
That's an ongoing cycle. You are always trying to beat your numbers. So, in all segments, SIS 
is trying to sell more, grow more, that's our DNA, and that's why we've remained the fastest-
growing business, not just in the cash segment. We are also the fastest growing in security versus 
the G4S. We are also the fastest growing in facility management versus Quess and BVG and 
UDS. So that, I think you pick up last 10 years data of all these businesses and you will see for 
yourself. 
Rushil Dedhia: 
All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Rituraj Sinha for the closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Rituraj Sinha: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for taking the time to join this call. It's been a pleasure talking to 
you as always. As I said earlier, this is a very solid result, a strong performance by SIS in not 
just Q2, but in the first half of FY'24. This is pretty much what we had spoken about in our 
previous calls. I believe that even for the second half, the business is well set not only to grow 
across security, facility management and cash segments. We also believe that, we are on track 
to improve margins. And most importantly, I'd like to call out something that's not been asked 
today, but just volunteering an important point. 
Our days of sales outstanding has increased this quarter. Our focus will be to bring that back by 
31st December, we maintain the best days of sales outstanding. Working capital management in 
SIS is generally tight. This is not the best quarter from that perspective, but we have that in our 
mind and we are working on it. 
Lastly, you can be rest assured that as far as debt is concern. We have a very conservative 
approach, and our guidance has been very clearly stated on the debt aspect gearing-wise, net 
debt-to-EBITDA 1.5x is the comfortable range. I think below 1x, you are underutilizing your 
balance sheet. And if you increase beyond 2x net debt-to-EBITDA, then the gearing is getting 
into a zone of concern. So, you will see SIS fluctuating between that 1.5x range, more or less, 
and that has been the trend since we listed, and we hope to maintain that trend going forward as 
well. Thank you very much once again. And I hope to see you sometime soon. All the best. 
Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of SIS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
