BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
                     140/2/2, Musakhedi Square, Ring Road, Indore 452001 (M.P) INDIA 
                                                                         Phone: 91-731-4223000, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
                              Email: info@brandconcepts.in 
 
 
          Date: 21st November, 2023 
 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
      To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
      BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
      Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
 
 
 
      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
      Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
      Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051,  
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS  
 
 
       Scrip Code: 543442 
Sub: Transcript of the analyst/institutional investors conference call as held on 16th 
November, 2023 for Q2 & H1 FY ’24. 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
With reference to the above captioned subject, We Brand Concepts Limited, herewith 
attaching the post result conference call transcript for the investors meet as held on 16th 
November, 2023 for Q2 & H1 FY’24.  
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
For Brand Concepts Limited,  
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Mem No. A33016 
  
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed by 
Swati Gupta 
Date: 2023.11.21 
04:18:28 -08'00'

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 1 of 33 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LTD 
 
Q2 & H1 FY24 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar – Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 33 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY '24 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today on the 
call from the management we have with us, Mr. Abhinav Kumar, 
Whole-Time Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Also a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request the management to quickly detail us about the 
performance highlights for the quarter that went by, and your growth 
plans and visions for the coming year post, which we will open the 
floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, very good afternoon to everyone and thanks. Thank you so much 
for joining this call in such good numbers. So I think Q2, we've had a 
good result. The markets were good. We've increased our footprints 
across the channels. So our digital still continues to lead as the biggest 
channel. But at the same time, it's very, very heartening to see that our 
offline mix has also in fact improved. Our overall share of offline has 
improved and we seeing the traction across all our formats. We've 
opened a few new stores and those new stores have also sort of added 
to not only creating visibility for us, but also solidifying our position 
in this entire industry. 
 
So overall, I think things have been good and we hope that we are able 
to continue a similar momentum going forward as well. I think 
everybody is well aware about the company and everything. So we 
could straight away get into the Q&A, Vinay? 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Moderator: 
Sure, Abhinav. We already have a few hands raised. We'll start with 
Swapnil Kabra. Swapnil, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Hi. Firstly, congratulations for amazing set of numbers. And I really 
loved the advertising campaign that that went live. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yeah. So I have two questions. Firstly, can you give us some colour 
regarding the store expansion plans that we have for this year and the 
next year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So we started with somewhere close to 30 odd stores. We finished last 
year on 30 odd stores. And now we are already at 36. So we've opened 
six stores. In fact, we opened seven. We had to close down one store 
as well. And I think, we should be able to add another four to six 
stores at least by the time we end up this financial year. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Okay. Any plans for the next year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so we want to take our store count to 100 in the next two, 2.5 
years. Now we're at 36, so you can do the maths. We want to take our 
store count to about 100 stores in the next two, 2.5 years. That's the 
plan. So in fact, we are now looking at increasing our penetration even 
in the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities, because I feel that India is growing overall 
not only in metros, but there is a lot of potential even in the smaller 
towns. And we've seen those results. So one of the reasons for this 
campaign was also not only to generate awareness about Bagline in 
the consumer space, but it was also intended that we generate some 
awareness in the B2B spectrum as well. 
 
And very, very happy to share that the campaign has really worked 
well. We've started getting enquiries, B2B enquiries, franchisee 
enquiries from a lot of people. And hence, we expect that in the next 
three to four months, we should start the volume of stores that we will 
start opening would be higher than what we've been doing. Till now, 
we've been very, very judicious in our store opening plans. So we 
don't take more than 12, 15 stores as a target in an entire year. We aim 
basically that we do a store a month. That's been our hot process and 
journey till now. But now going forward, we want to increase this and 
hence you will start seeing that from next year onwards, we will start 
opening more stores. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Okay. Can you also update us about the IFF Overseas merger? When 
is it going to happen and how would the shareholding look like post-
merger? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So shareholding post-merger would be, I think we've already disclosed 
the share-swap ratio. It's not a very high share-swap ratio. I think it's 
somewhere around 1:3.5, 1:3.6. That's the kind of share-swap ratio 
which has been derived. So we appointed a registered valuer, an 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 33 
 
export valuer submitted to the process that we followed was, we 
submitted the next four or five years plans to them. And the plans also 
which were submitted, though I'll not be able to share too much of 
details over here, because it's not out yet in the public domain. And we 
should be filing it, at the moment we get an approval from the 
exchange. We should be filing everything for everybody to sort of 
review and see. But just giving you a gist of it that we've taken very 
conservative numbers for the next five years for that company as well. 
 
And the valuer also has taken sort of a conservative approach. And 
based on that, the valuation was arrived, which was presented to the 
Board. And the Board approved the same. And hence now, we've filed 
it for an approval from the exchange. Once the approval comes, I'm 
going to be sharing it with everyone. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
All right. Thank you so much. I'll join the queue again for more 
questions. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
All the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Swapnil. We'll go to the next question from Rizwan Patni. 
Rizwan, you can unmute please. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Good morning, Abhinav. How are you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, good morning, Rizwan. I'm good. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Abhinav, just the follow-up question on the store counts. The previous 
outlook was of course the 100 in the coming two years. And as per the 
past two discussions we had, it was around for this year 15 to 18 
stores. If I'm not calculating the math, it should be at least seven to 
eight stores by the first half. But it is a bit slower. Any reason for that? 
Because if we do the maths, it is 23 stores or at least 20 stores a year 
to go to that count in the next two, three years, so? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, as I said that in the first six months, we have opened almost seven 
stores. So that ways if you see we are there on the track. However, you 
also need to take calls on certain stores where probably economics are 
not working out, mathematics are not working out or there is a mall 
reshuffling, which is happening. Anything of that sort, you might, it's 
always a give and take where you'll open a few stores or you'll open 
more stores and you might have to close a few. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 33 
 
 
The total store count that you see today is a resultant of stores being 
closed and new ones being opened. So that was we are pretty much on 
track. We had thought of, and at the same time see I've always 
believed that I don't take a store opening is a very, very important 
exercise. And I don't take a pressure or I don't put pressure even on 
my team that we need to open 15 stores and now come what may we 
have to open 15 stores. All of these, this might result into you taking a 
wrong call on a store. And taking a wrong call on a store is more 
detrimental. It's better that instead of 15 you open 12, but those 12 are 
good ones. 
 
So we are now touch wood an integral part of one of the leading malls. 
The mall developers today is Phoenix and very, very happy that, in 
such a short span of time, we are now one of the integral part of all 
Phoenix projects. Any new project that they announce, we are already 
an integral part of theirs. They give us preferred locations. So if you 
go a little consistent rather than me coming in and I'm saying and 
saying that, we'll open 50 stores this year. I've never believed in that. 
So, but to answer your question, yes, we are pretty much on track on 
whatever we had planned for the year. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Perfect. Abhinav, the next one is regarding the new brands where the 
presentation says, of course, you have given some light in the last call 
as well that there will be two, three new brands. So, are we talking 
about this fiscal year or it will move up to till you finalize the 
agreement and will be able to declare, which brands are coming in? 
What is the timeline we can expect? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See new brands, as I had said in my previous calls as well Rizwan, is 
that new brands are always work in progress. So, but these things take 
a little time. Again, new brands is exactly, is in fact more complicated 
than opening a store in a Phoenix mall. There you just have to look at 
the location, get your ROI right, get your projections right. And then 
you take a call. Whereas in a new brand, you're getting into a long-
term agreement, you're getting into all of this. So it takes obviously all 
the more time. This fiscal year, I'm not too sure. To be honest, it might 
by the time you complete the agreement by the time you do 
everything, it is a little time taking process. 
 
So I wouldn't be able to comment whether or commit rather that we'll 
be adding more brands in this year itself. But yes, as I said, it is a work 
in progress. So we are constantly evaluating brands, constantly in 
touch with these brands. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 33 
 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Just last question from my side Abhinav, as we are going with the 
merger with IFF, with the manufacturing unit and on top we are doing 
this greenfield project bottle land and putting a new factory. So what 
is the scale of economy or what is the thought process behind as we 
already have a manufacturing unit which will be doing a merger with, 
and then you also do a greenfield. So how it is going to scale up the 
business and what value we are expecting in the coming period with 
this CapEx? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Very good question, Rizwan. This is the fundamental basis on why we 
decided to merge the companies. So IFF Overseas, if you'll have to 
understand, IFF Overseas is majorly a backpack manufacturer. And as 
a company we also realize that we need to get into manufacturing of 
our own in terms of luggage, and when I say more so the hard 
luggage. So when I thought of getting into hard luggage 
manufacturing, now my team out here currently is not a manufacturing 
expert. We are the front-end guys, we are retail experts, we are 
planning experts, we are sourcing buying experts, but we are not 
manufacturing experts whereas we had a sister concern where they 
have a manufacturing experience for the past 25, 30 years, right. 
 
They understand the nuts and bolts of manufacturing, dealing with 
labour, dealing with productivity and all of that efficiency. Everything 
is and with those 25, 30 years of experience that they have, now I had 
two choices. One was either I build up my own team in terms of entire 
manufacturing, and then do this greenfield project of hard luggage or 
the second option I had was I merged this company so that I get that 
entire experience, that entire team. There is a CEO, resident CEO over 
there and there's a full-fledged team, which is running that company. 
And hence we thought that it is a much better idea that you bring them 
in and then the entire manufacturing division is taken care by that 
team. So that's the whole thought process behind this. 
 
And yeah, so hence we thought of going ahead with it and I think in 
terms of value unlocking or in terms of how do I see over there, I 
think, see India lacks today when it comes to luggage manufacturing. 
There are very few players, it's not like a barrel manufacturing where 
you go and you'll find factories all across the country. So there are 
very few people who have the know-how who are into luggage 
manufacturing. 
 
And hence, for a player like us who is already into this category, it 
made sense that we have our own plant. So when I say as it is, it is a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 33 
 
little niche category, as it is, there are not too many factories all 
around. Yes, now they are opening, but not too many upscale or good 
quality manufacturing available in India. I personally foresee that 
there is a lot of upside to this manufacturing. If you get it right, I think 
a lot of brands that I speak to internationally, they're all looking at 
initially it was China plus one. And now I hear that, they want to 
completely look at India and completely probably move the base from 
China to India. So I think manufacturing in India is going to grow as a 
sector and more so in our sector, obviously, where it is as it is under 
penetrated. So that was it was a no brainer that we get into this. I hope 
I have been able to answer. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Yeah, thank you so much for this clarity and best of luck. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, Rizwan. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question. Before that I would request all 
participants to just restrict to two in the initial round since we have 
quite a few participants. We'll take the next question from Nirav 
Saxena. Nirav, please go ahead. Can't hear him. We will take the next 
question from Devvrat. Devvrat, you can go ahead please. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Hi, Abhinav. Fantastic set of numbers. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
I'm really happy to see that you guys are walking the talk and in fact 
under promising and over delivering. So hope to see this continue. I 
have a couple of questions around IFF Overseas, the merger. I mean, I 
understand that that you guys have done it on a revenue multiple, right 
like, would that be correct? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Not exactly a revenue multiple. I think there were three methodologies 
taken. One is your income approach. The other is asset approach and 
the third is market approach. Market approach obviously doesn't apply 
to IFF Overseas because the shares are not traded publicly. So 
between the income approach and asset approach is what the value has 
taken that this thing. So it has come to from that perspective, the 
income approach method. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay. Can we get some sense on say the net worth of IFF Overseas, 
the net worth of the merged entity after that and also how much debt 
would you have on your books after that like both long-term, short-
term combined? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, net worth of IFF Overseas, I don't think I'll be able to or I'm 
allowed to reveal that in this call until and unless I've published it on 
to the exchange. But I can say that see when we're merging this 
company, it is being merged along with the land, plant, machinery, 
everything, building, plant, machinery, everything. And there is a 
technical reason also for that why it is being done like that. Initially, 
we have thought that I would probably merge it without the plant and 
building, the land and the plant. But for technical reasons as the same 
property has been given as a collateral to our banks and all of that and 
hence, and plus the new facility is still not ready. 
 
And it is, it will take us at least two to three years for this entire thing 
to move. We're initially starting off only with the hard luggage plant. 
Once I have sort of settled that plant, then the next phase probably 
would be that I move this entire plant to the new facility. So we are 
looking at, at least two and a half to three years down the line. So we 
need to run the plant for the next three years as well. 
 
So with all of this, once we're merging with all the plant and 
machinery at a market valuation, probably once we are out with all the 
figures and numbers, I'll be able to shed more light. But I can just say 
that from a market valuation perspective, it's a decent sort of asset that 
they already have. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay, got it. And if we are looking, I mean, you've already pulled off 
like ₹130 crore turnover in the first half. So just wanted to get some 
sense. I see that the margins are faltering a little bit. Can I get some 
sense as to why that's happening and how we can improve this going 
forward? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, if you'll see our margins have, that was not faltered. In fact, from 
last year to this year, our GPs have increased by 1.2%. So our GPs 
have increased. The net effect of the pack that you see is also, it 
should be seen excluding the ESOPs. Now I had mentioned it earlier 
as well that ESOP as a policy We were very, very serious about it and 
we're bringing more people. 
 
I would want to bring more of my people into ESOPs because we all 
are only as good as our team, right? So the rejoicing has to be towards 
the team as well. But now if you see, so there are provisions for 
ESOPs which have been put in. And these are not cash expenses. So 
it's not a cash outflow. And in fact, it helps in, it qualifies as an 
expense and it hence brings down the tax expenses as well. So if you 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
look at the adjusted EBITDA and the adjusted PBT, you will see that 
the margins have become better. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay, got it. And sorry Abhinav, one last question. Just wanted to get 
the sales mix, the channel-wise sales mix. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so as I said, our channel mixes is actually very good. Very, very 
happy about that. Our online is contributing almost about say 44%. 
That's the digital. And when I say digital, it again encompasses both 
B2B as well as B2C. Now B2C is something which is the marketplace 
that we control on all the various platforms. Now with that, if you'll 
see, our marketplace sales have started contributing to almost 35% of 
our overall e-commerce sales, more than 35% actually. So the past 
two months, past month it was almost at 38% to our overall e-
commerce sales, which is a very, very healthy sign. 
 
Out of that, we are also pushing in retail products over there. So, 
which is getting a little technical, so I'll avoid that. And large formats 
also have shown a very, very good growth. So can I have that, that 
slide, yeah. So you'll see even in our -- this thing, if you see LFS is 
almost 12%, right? Online is about 44%. And our corporate 
institutions, now if you will see corporate institutions last year, last 
call also had mentioned that we've done a few strategic calls. 
 
Those corporate institutions also have been done in certain channels, 
right? So for example, it was done, one corporate, this thing was done 
in large format. Now I could have easily added that whole percentage 
or that entire sales onto large format itself. And we could have looked 
at it like that, but I don't do that, primarily because the nature of sales 
is different. And hence, we put all of that in institutional sales. But the 
point that I'm trying to make is that these institutional sales also have 
come through these channels. 
 
So very, very happy to see that one, one and a half years back, we 
were almost 50% to 53% contributions coming from e-commerce. 
And now, if you see, we've grown in all channels. And the e-
commerce now is at 44%. And 56% is offline brick-and-mortar stores, 
which is a very, very healthy sign for us. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Got it. Sorry, can I just get the standalone debt number again? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Of IFF Overseas, yeah. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 33 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
No, IFF Overseas and Brand Concepts, I mean, if you can give both. 
And then… 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So IFF has about ₹11 odd crores of debt. And Brand Concepts has 
about ₹25 crores, ₹26 crores of debt. This ₹26 crores includes the 
working capital, everything. No, even the LCs no, okay. So combined 
would be about ₹37 odd crores. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay. And what kind of interest are we paying on this? Would it be 
like 10%, 11%? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, I think Brand Concepts is about 9%. IFF would also be the same. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay, okay. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
All right. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Devvrat. We'll take the next question from Abhi Jain, since 
he's unable to raise his hand. Abhi, you can go ahead and ask your 
question. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Hi, good afternoon. Hope I'm audible. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, good afternoon. Yes. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
First of all, Mr. Kumar, I just want to say that we love your candour 
and honesty. And whatever roadmap you lay in front of us, you more 
or less deliver. So we can just sit back and applaud your performance. 
And whatever you comeback, we don't have to do anything as 
shareholders. We just have to come back quarter-on-quarter and 
applaud your performance. And I hope we continue doing that in the 
distant future. And I hope you continue on your honesty and candour. 
And this is the way you continue because I think there's a long runway 
for Brand Concepts with you at the end. So congratulations on that. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks for trust. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Yes, I just have two basic questions. One is, I wanted to understand on 
this, the tax rate has been a bit variable quarter-on-quarter over the last 
three quarters. So just wanted to understand what is the steady state 
tax rate that is expected for the company and if you can just give a 
flavour around that? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, it confuses me also to be very honest, Abhi. Every time that I 
see this thing and I check with my auditors and my finance. They are, 
every time, how does it go? I think there is some methodology where 
so the 25% is the corporate tax, which is applicable to everyone, but 
then there are certain cesses which get added on. So I think there's a 
12% cess at a particular limit. Then if you cross a certain turnover or if 
you cross a certain, this thing, it gets further added and everything. So 
net-net, what I've understood is that our tax and then there is some 
calculation of deferred tax also which comes into play. So all of this 
put together, what I've understood is that, our taxes anywhere between 
29% to sometimes it goes up to almost 31%. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Okay. Okay. So steady state tax rate would be in that rate going 
forward? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
So the second question I wanted to understand is that I don't know if 
you follow Mr. Buffett, Mr. Warren Buffett on all, but you have a 
strong view in terms of the power of the brand and he says that, the 
power of the brand lies in the pricing of the brand. And as soon as 
your pricing deteriorates, if you're not able to control that, you lose 
your customer, you lose the brand. And also we have done some 
discounting, et cetera. But I just wanted to understand that going 
forward, what is your plan, your strategy around treating that 
premiumness of the brand? 
 
Do you think that in a market like India, discounting is a necessity to 
attract that kind of eyeballs or do you think that we'd reach a steady 
state, you know where the pricing would be premium and we can get 
that premium pricing or that full pricing in the quarters going ahead 
because I'm very interested and I think that it's the brand that is 
working for the company and the premiumness of the brand and that is 
something that will be the long way, the long runway of success for 
us. So any strategies of what are your thoughts on that, if you can just 
help us understand that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, so I think it's a very, very relevant thing, Abhi and this is 
something that this subject is very, very close to my heart. Most of the 
players, even today in this industry, they operate as a commodity 
industry rather than operating as a branded industry. And I've always 
believed that a brand is something which, so products are made in the 
factory, brands are always made in the mind of the consumer. And to 
make that brand, you need to have a good story around that brand. If 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
you have a strong story and if your consumers resonate with that story, 
who those brand values that you're putting in, you have to think of it 
as, it's a person, right? 
 
You're putting in life into a person. And how you shape that person is 
how well he gets accepted in the society. So if he is extremely, if 
you've made that person into a very exclusive, very high-end sort of a 
glib talker, but at the same time he is super, super rich, he will 
obviously move only in the super rich circle. 
 
Now if you think that that person, could he also connect to a farmer, 
he will not be able, right. So that's what in a nutshell it means that if 
you start discounting, but sadly what has happened is this industry, the 
major market players, the only way they thought of growing was 
discounting and now believe me, discounting ideally, we call it EOSS, 
End of Season Sale, which means the purpose of EOSS was that 
whatever is left of your seasonal stock, you discount that and sell, here 
and it's not discounting, it is a fictitious MRP. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Right. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
To be honest, I hope none of my competitors see this here, but it's a 
fictitious MRP, so it's in a way, you are cheating your consumer, 
where you are saying that you decide on the consumer price and then 
you just do plus into two, that becomes the MRP and you say that it's 
sort of 50% discount. 
 
So while yes, we are in this industry, I can't ride the high horse that I 
will not sort of discount add on. But we keep a track on it. And I think 
I can safely say that we are one of the least, one of the -- I could claim 
this, that I'm the least discounted brand in this category. Sometimes, 
even the e-commerce, I wouldn't again take names, but my last 
meeting with some e-commerce players, and I had told them very, 
very categorically that there were some price war happening, and they 
in fact were selling at lower than they had bought from me, burning 
from their own pocket. Making any margin burning from their own 
pocket. And we went and sat down with all the major players, told 
them very, very clearly that if anything of this sort happens again, 
we're going to pull out of your platform. Very, very clear. I don't want 
to compromise on the brand and the brand's value. So we've put 
guardrails. And again from a positioning perspective, I believe that 
Tommy Hilfiger as a brand would go a little more premium. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 33 
 
Once we have the entire Benetton set of products available and out in 
the market, Benetton would be obviously priced lower than Tommy, 
and Tommy would be going a little further up as is the case even for 
the overall brands. If you look at their stores, they've been performing 
really well. I think and Shailesh has always been involved with 
Tommy. And now, obviously overall Arvind he's a very dear friend, 
and I really have a lot of belief in his business acumen. So Tommy is 
going to go from strength-to-strength and the brand has become more 
premium even in their stores. So we're also looking at how can we 
make this a little more premium. There are a lot of things that we've 
done. 
 
We launched a leather collection some two or three seasons back just 
as a test. Now where on an average we were selling a backpack for say 
₹3,000 consumer price or ₹2,500 a consumer price. We launched 
leather backpacks for MRP ₹18,000. We sell it from our stores, zero 
discount and looking at the brilliant sell-through of those bags, we 
now have a full dedicated wall in our stores. If you go to a Bagline 
store, you will see that there will be a full dedicated wall on this entire 
leather business collection, and they're very fairly priced. They're not 
abnormally priced, fair pricing, no fictitious pricing over there and 
we're giving extremely good quality bag, which the consumers are 
loving, right. 
 
So there are a lot of these things that we've done even in our 
distribution, our overall pricing, our wholesale price in the distribution 
has gone up by almost 30%, close to 40% actually, close to 40% in the 
last two to three seasons. So we are constantly upgrading the products 
and constantly upgrading, elevating the brand. 
 
Abhi Jain: 
Appreciate your honesty again. And as I said, we'll just keep coming 
back quarter-on-quarter to applaud your comments and I hope you 
continue in the same way. And thank you so much for your time. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks Abhi. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Abhi. We'll take the next question from Jignesh Kamani. 
Jignesh, you can go ahead please. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yeah, hi Abhinav. Congratulations for another set of great numbers. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Jignesh. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 33 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Just on the UCB where are we right now in terms of a design 
collection, I can say, more or less in season. And tentatively what kind 
of revenue you think we can book this year and future roadmap for 
that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, UCB we've already started the rollout. So the rollout has already 
started. We are in fact, I think we would be in close to 150 point of 
sales already with UCB. However, we've not been able to roll out all 
the product categories. So small leather goods have already been 
rolled out. We are there now in Shoppers Stop and Lifestyle. The 
initial figures, which are coming are quite nice, very encouraging. 
 
Travel Gear majorly would get launched during the -- I think the 
rollout will start happening in Q4, because luggage as it is, as all of us 
understand, takes a little more time. So by December onwards, we will 
start the rollout of luggage is what I believe. And I would say that this 
year it's difficult to comment on the exact figure that we will sort of 
achieve. But I think UCB will still remain in single-digits in terms of 
percentage of contribution. It will be under 10%. But this is a rollout 
here. From next year onwards, I would see that UCB will start 
contributing much more. The initial feedback, initial thing is very 
positive and very good for the brand. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
So we have also witnessed that Diwali demand has been shifted from 
second quarter to third quarter for us, because Diwali this time has 
been delayed? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes. That also and plus, October, if you see has not been a good 
month for the entire retail industry, mostly. So two, three reasons. I 
think one, obviously good 15, 20 days were in that Shradh Paksha. 
Diwali have to be delayed thing it was 12th of November. So the 
Diwali shopping sort of started happening more close to the Diwali 
period, week 10 days back, week 10 days before Diwali. So markets 
are started retail has started sort of picking up. But yeah, October that 
has not been a very, very good month for overall retail industry. 
 
And again, adding my analogy, the World Cup while we all are 
hooting for our country, but that also I don't think has helped retail 
very well, because all India matches were on weekends. Then the way 
India is playing, there was very less footfall. We saw a direct drop in 
footfall across all the stores. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Understood. And how is the growth rate between the small leather 
goods item in the Travel Gear for this quarter? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So obviously our Travel Gear has taken the front seat now. And the 
Travel Gear has started growing also pretty well. So if I were able to 
comment on my Q2, my Travel Gear has grown by almost 136%. So 
we've more than doubled in terms of the Travel Gear. In small leather 
goods, we are in single-digits. And I believe that we again, I have 
always been very, very open and this thing with all my people and all 
the shareholders. I believe that even in small leather goods, if I break 
it down, there are two major divisions. One is wallets, the other is 
belts. We continue to see good demand for belts. But wallets as a 
category, I feel that it's not a very high growth category anymore. I 
wouldn't say that it's a dying category. I wouldn't say that, but I would 
say that yeah, we cannot see a very, very tepid sort of growth or rather 
a degrowth in that category, primarily because a lot of India is shifting 
to digital. 
 
So hence the usage of wallets, the whole relevance of carrying a wallet 
is going down and more so if you will understand in the young 
consumers, in the youth, it's further going down. People have moved 
to digital payments. It's become so easy. So as a company, we will 
also need to innovate. We will need to set up think on our feet, 
because it's a sizable amount of business that we were able to generate 
from our wallet sales. So we are already in the process of putting 
down certain other categories to sort of compensate this division of 
our business. So, yeah, as you always have to evolve because 
consumer preferences might be changing, might be it will change. 
 
So hence it's a constant evolution process, consumers are evolving, 
hence you also need to evolve. So we are also in the process where 
we're looking at how can we evolve getting into different categories of 
small leather goods. I hope I've been able to answer your question. 
 
Jignesh Kamani: 
Yeah, a lot. Thanks a lot. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Jignesh. We'll take the next question from Nirav Seksaria. He 
had some technical issue when invited earlier. Nirav, you can unmute 
please. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Yeah. So in the previous call you had mentioned that you would like 
to reduce the reliance on Tommy Hilfiger as a brand in terms of 
revenue. So has it reduced and could you also give the percent as for 
Q2? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 33 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so as I said, see Tommy Hilfiger is a beautiful brand and very, 
very close to my heart. I started my retail journey from this brand. But 
at the same time, I think when I say that I want to reduce the 
dependence on Tommy, it basically means I want to reduce the 
dependence on any one brand. Yeah, it could be Tommy, it could be 
Benetton, it could be XYZ, any one brand. One brand was required for 
us to perfect the model to come to a certain stage, to come to a certain 
scale. And then from there, we want to become a house of brands 
rather than concentrated on just one brand. 
 
So yes, the share of Tommy Hilfiger as a percentage has been coming 
down. Let me just look up on the exact Q2 percentage. But I would, 
till last year we were almost about 85% kind of revenues coming from 
here. This year I think we should exit somewhere close to between 
75% to 80%. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And so does a company thinking to introduce any new, not 
introduce, but enter into any new product because previously you had 
spoken about gaps? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, it's a work in progress. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Any other products on a similar line that you would like to enter into? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We are, as I said, last question as I said we were into fashion 
accessories. So we will keep hunting for new product categories. So 
have been trusted, we in fact formed a proper R&D team. So 
instructed my team to come out with certain new products, certain 
new categories where we could, where we see that, if we start building 
it up today, probably three years down the line, we'd start seeing the 
results of those categories. 
 
So yes, we are in the process, but it's not that, as I've said earlier also, 
we will not bet our shirt on any new experiment. So while the 
experimentation is always ongoing, we don't want to bet our shirt on 
it. 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Is there any timeline for cap, since the cap culture is entering into the 
Indian market slowly and steadily now? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, yes. Yeah, so I think I would say that the good season also is 
spring summer. So hopefully by spring summer, we'll have some 
small collection which we would be sort of going ahead and 
launching. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 33 
 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay, sure. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Nirav. We'll take the next question from Ajay Aggarwal. 
Ajay, you can unmute please. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Thanks. Hi Abhinav, congratulations on good set of number and 
happy Diwali to you and your family. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you, wishing you a happy Diwali to all the people and their 
loved ones present over here. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Yes, yes. You already presented us with Diwali gift, I think with. 
Thank you. First, I have two questions. First is like, is there any 
update on Tommy contract? Any revision expected like in terms of 
any terms and conditions rising? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Some little negotiation do happen so but those negotiations and 
everything is done, it's just that I'm awaiting the printed contract. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Any major financial impact, and change in quality comes? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, I'm not allowed to -- in the past I've been being in my candour 
and everything I've shared it earlier as well. But then I was rightly 
prompted that, because of the NDA that signed, I'm not allowed to 
actually share the exact commercial details. But see, royalty for -- you 
have to understand, royalty for me is essentially a component where 
it's basically a brand cost. It's a product cost. So if you're able to 
charge a certain premium to a brand, that's how you calculate your 
royalties and pay. So it's not that we end up paying through our own 
pocket. So it's a variable cost for us, right? Yeah, so I don't see 
whatever these changes in royalty percentages up, down, this and that. 
I don't think it will have a major bearing on my net margins. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
All right, fair enough. Thank you. Second is like any corporate sales 
or any like, are we looking at developing any team for this corporate 
department like corporate B2B sales for Diwali? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, we already have, we have a small team. There's one person at 
the centre, but we are looking at, so this is a division that I would say 
that, yes, in the future, we would expand on this division. And I see a 
lot of opportunity coming along this way as well. But yeah, so 
currently, it's split between the various teams. So because we get 
corporate inquiries through our EBOs also, we get corporate inquiries, 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 33 
 
through our large formats also, we get corporate inquiries through 
various different channels. 
 
So it's split up between all the channels and hence it's a shared 
responsibility of all the channel heads. But yes, going forward, 
probably next year, we might put a full listing in motion where we 
would then actively look out for corporate promotional tie-ups. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Okay, all right. Okay, just a small clarification, like during Diwali 
shopping, I've seen a store at south ex for Tommy, but I'm going to 
their like website and presentation. So there's only one store in that. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So we don't call that as an EBO. It's a shop and shop. Earlier we 
used to have an EBO over there, but then it was a franchisee store. 
And we agreed with the franchisee that he wanted to develop his own 
multi-brand, this thing. So he keeps other brands as well. Now 
because he keeps other brands as well, we don't qualify it as our EBO. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
So how much of these EBOs are there in like daily or like some other 
parts because it will definitely, we won't open any store around it 
might be something. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, see South has a market, is a good market and but it's more of a 
high street market. We are currently, we were focusing a little more on 
either the premium high street. very, very premium high street or the 
premium malls. But that doesn't deter from the fact that we can't open 
a store. See, a store has a two kilometre at best, a two kilometre core 
radius, any offline store. Until next, it is destination shopping. It will 
always have a two kilometre core radius. Extended radius could be 
maximum five kilometres. So, from that perspective, if you look at the 
more the store is the merrier, it's that kind of situation. The more you 
are seen, the more you sell. 
 
Ajay Aggarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Ajay. We will take the next question from Kashish Gandotra. 
Kashish, you can unmute, please. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Congratulations on a good set of number. My question pertains, first 
question is pertaining to the, if you can give me the revenue split 
brand wise, that how much of the revenue come from Tommy, how 
much is it coming from UCB Tech would be? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. See, I'll give you H1 or even Q2. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 33 
 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Q2 would work. Even if you have H1 ready with you, that is also 
good. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Just a second. I just have to look up to give you the exact percentages. 
Now, you could proceed on to the second question. We could come 
back to this. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Yeah, sure. Then my second question is pertaining to the UCB brand. 
So, which is going to be key product and to the UCB. So, for example, 
in Tommy, it is the luggage, but in UCB, where do we see the 
majority of the revenue coming from whether it could be wallet, belt 
or the travel bags, which we are having, which will be the key product 
in this segment, in this brand? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, I believe all the three product categories, small leather goods, 
travel gear and women handbags, all the three product categories have 
a lot of potential in UCB because UCB as a brand if you see, it's not 
only a fashion brand. It's people love the brand. It cuts across very 
segments also. So even the UCB Kids, for example, is one of the 
biggest kids brand in India. It's one of the most successful kids brands 
in India. So right from kids to youth, to young adults, to adults, 
everybody, it's a very inclusive brand. And hence, I see that, even in 
the women handbags, I see women liking Benetton a lot. So I see, I 
foresee that we'll have a lot of traction there as well. But yes, if you 
ask me about the major category, I think, travel gear in Benetton, in 
overall is going to be the hero. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay, just one more thing to add. Do we see that UCB has a bigger 
market as compared to Tommy? Or Tommy is more of a premium 
brand, where I guess UCB is something which can be associated with 
that, so do we think that the market potential is going to be bigger in 
UCB? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
In a way, yes, I would tend to agree with you, Kashish. In fact, if you 
look at overall brand figures, I think I'm not completely aware, but 
from the number of touch points, from the number of stores and 
everything, UCB is far more bigger in terms of number of stores than 
Tommy. Because Tommy is an exclusive brand, Tommy is a premium 
brand. Whereas UCB, in fact, in India, Tommy sits more in the bridge 
to luxury or say a super-premium kind of a category. Whereas UCB is 
more since in the mass premium sort of a category. So obviously, 
UCB has penetration, has overall sales also, I think UCB would be 
bigger than Tommy Hilfiger's standalone. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 33 
 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay, good. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
That's on the apparel side, that's on the brand side. How much of that 
we are able to replicate? I would hope to replicate that. But how much 
we are able to replicate, we'll have to wait and see. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Sure, thank you so much. I think if you can just give me the revenue 
split, that is for myself. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, see exact figures I'll not be able to share, but I have the 
percentages in front of me. So UCB is close to about 3% to 4%. 
Aeropostale is about 3%. My other brands and all the other activities 
that we do is about almost close to 13%, 14%. And hence, THS is just 
tad less than 80%. 
 
Kashish Gandotra: 
Okay, thank you so much. Good luck for the next quarter. Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Kashish. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take the next question from Vinay Bathija. Vinay, 
you can unmute please. 
 
Vinay Bathija: 
Hey, hi, Abhinav, first of all congratulations on a very good set of 
numbers. We've been tracking this company since a long time. I have 
few basic questions. So first of all, as far as, so like the earlier I asked 
for a breakdown based on brands, can you give breakdown on the 
product categories too? The revenues depending on product 
categories, this would be like hard luggage, women handbags and 
sport, that would be one thing. Going forward, even if you don't have 
it now, that's fine. Going forward, the reason I'm asking is where, so I 
understand that okay fine, we will, I mean taking if history is a good 
predictor of the future, Brand Concepts would do really very well in 
the hard luggage segment, the bigger luggage segment. 
 
But where would be the next exponential growth coming from? I 
guess are we looking at handbags or what is the product category that 
we would be targeting at? Personally, I feel that India is at, the Indian 
market is at a stage where handbags could take the next leap. So that is 
your thoughts on that and the breakout. My second question would be, 
so this is not again my, so I have few females whom I showed the 
brand, Sugarush was shown and even UCB was shown. UCB, I do 
understand that it's at a nascent stage, but compared to other brands 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 33 
 
that we have specifically in the Indian handbag segment, so be it all 
these, whether we are in the similar price range I guess. 
 
So the variety that was available was not at par with the brands that 
are there in the market. So what are we doing at that? So you 
understand that I'm trying to figure out that what could be the next 
product that could take Brand Concepts from a sub-₹500 crores 
company towards ₹1,000 crores company? Thanks. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay, so to answer in terms of percentages, our overall travel gear, if 
you will see, is close to, there will be a lot of demand. Yeah, so travel 
gear now is more than 60%. So 61% is travel gear. Handbags would 
still be very, very small. Handbag would be sub-10% still and balance 
is all small leather goods. So that's the broad split up. Now if you see 
that, yes, handbag, as I said is sub-10%. Small leather goods, I think is 
going to be, it's going to grow obviously, as we are going to add more 
brands and everything is going to grow. 
 
But as I said that wallet as a business is not a very bright looking 
category, right because of the consumer presence is changing. So 
Untilness, we are able to sort of innovate new products and everything 
and then grab onto that is going to be a little muted as a story. So that 
brings me to, but yes, belts, I think that that category is here to stay, 
here to grow. And I don't foresee any threat to belt even 10 years 
down the line, right? Nothing will replace a belt. You will keep 
wearing belts, you will keep wearing belts. 
 
So that's a very intrinsic category. Nothing will happen to that 
category. So that's small leather goods. Now, which brings me to the 
two mainstays, which is one is women handbag, the other is travel 
gear. So I'll quickly, this thing on the travel gear, we all are seeing 
travel is increasing. There's still a lot of long way to go. So hence 
there's no doubt on the travel category, to be doing good. Coming on 
to the handbags, handbags is again a very different dynamic. So I 
personally foresee that it's a brilliant category. Today or tomorrow, 
this category is going to explode. Today, what is happening is again, 
lot of players have again commoditized even handbags as a category. 
 
So there are two markets existing today in handbags. Either it is 
directly at the bottom of the price curve, where right from say ₹1,100, 
₹1,200, ₹1,500, going up to say maximum ₹2,500, ₹3,000 either 
everybody is concentrated on this segment, whether the brand that you 
named, whether it is Baggit, whether it is Lavie, whether it is Caprese, 
whether it is Allen Solly, everybody is concentrated on this. Now, as 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 33 
 
you move up from ₹3,000 to say a ₹6,000, you start getting a few 
more brands added to it. The whole space from ₹5,000, ₹6,000 to 
₹10,000. Now in that space, there's just two or three brands, which 
come to your mind. 
 
Then all the other brands, which are the international brands, they start 
₹15,000 and above. So then you have a lot of options. You have right 
from Michael Kors to Coach to Prada, to Prada actually gets into 
luxury, but you get a lot of brands in that bridge to luxury segment. So 
from a consumer perspective, what I feel is that there's hardly 
anything available between ₹3,000 to ₹10,000. So that's a space which 
I believe that's a good space to be in. I wouldn't want to be too much 
into that ₹1,200, ₹1,500. 
 
So Sugarush for us was immediately in that space. But as I said, it's a 
bloodbath over there. And I don't like to sort of just burn, burn, burn 
something and then try to make something. So hence, from that 
perspective, Sugarush, I don't see Sugarush doing some great shocks,  
I don't see it doing any great shocks. So, till the time we get the right 
brand from in that price, in that price portfolio, UCB of course is a big 
bet for us, but UCB also would be sub ₹3,000, because that's the price 
bracket, price matrix that fits into UCB. 
 
So we hope that we'll be able to do some, based on the design, based 
on collections, based on whatever our expertise is, if we are able to do 
something good in UCB, it will be very, very happening to see. And 
then I would like to take brands which are in that price bracket, which 
are in the premium to bridge to luxury space, because that's a space 
that I have been eyeing for a long time. But we need the right brand 
for that space. I hope I've been able to answer. 
 
Vinay Bathija: 
Yeah, fine. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll move on to Kamlesh Bagmar. Kamlesh, you can unmute and ask 
your question please. 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Yeah, hi, Abhinav. Thanks for the opportunity. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
So one question on the part of your like renewable or agreement with 
Tommy, like say, I believe it's due in December. And if I see your 
license fees as a percentage of total revenue, it's around 10 odd percent 
based on your last financial year. So as you mentioned that it won't 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 33 
 
impact, but if say this transition period right from December, how it 
transitioned, and if the proportion of the license fees has increased, 
then how do you see the impact on our earnings. And first on the 
clarity like would it be renewed in a very free manner or does it take 
some time or how that process happens? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, PVH in India is a JV between PVH Europe and Arvind. So, PVH 
Europe is the parent company which holds the rights for Tommy 
Hilfiger as a brand. Now, PVH Europe gives the license to PVH India 
which is this JV company in between PVH and Arvind. And then in 
turn this PVH India gives us the license us or be it typing or be it 
installing or whatever so. Our reporting license or is PVH India. Now, 
so we will follow a cycle of PVH Europe so in terms of number of 
years or in terms of whatever their contract is we will be following the 
same cycle. So that's number one. 
 
And number two is you asked about the royalty and the change. See, 
for a quarter here and there, there might be some impact whenever you 
take a new brand, you launch a new brand, you launch or you renew a 
contract and there is a change in margin structure or royalty structure. 
This I'm not talking only in respect of Tommy, but I'm talking in a 
general aspect that you might see an impact in probably a quarter, two 
quarters or whatever. But when I say that I don't see a major impact of 
this thing, because overall, from the long run perspective, you have to 
understand that this gets loaded onto the product. 
 
So it's how much of a premium can a brand command and from that 
perspective, how much of royalty percentage would be there. So it 
stays in that realm and hence, at the end of the day, the impact here 
and there now if I say that 1% or 2% impact will be there but 
economics of scale will come so with that you can meet 1% or 2% 
then again you will increase price by 2%. So, net-net we aim that even 
with this continued growth, I would want to sustain my margins. 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Secondly on your like say outlet distribution. So like if I see MP, it's 
around seven stores, while in a big market like Maharashtra, it's a 
similar number. And in Delhi, it's just a one store. So given the huge 
like say outreach of these brands, which you have, like say don't you 
think that it need to work upon that because I don't think seven stores 
in MP really justifies given the brand we have? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, our MP stores are also doing very well here. But yes, you're right. 
Delhi, we had actually two to three stores. One store we closed during 
COVID, which is Metropolitan Gurgaon. And then we had one mall of 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 33 
 
India Store, which it was a franchisee store and it was sad that during 
COVID, we lost the franchisee itself. So he's no more. And then 
there's some shuffling which happened then. And after those stores 
itself, we took a call that all the premium malls will be directly signing 
rather than signing a franchising store. So yes, we are actively looking 
for more stores in Delhi and that entire Delhi NCR region. 
 
In fact, I see that we have one store in Noida, which is again Delhi 
NCR region. But I believe that yes, that it can easily take at least we 
could have a 10 store presence in the Delhi NCR region easily. So to 
me, yes, it's a good opportunity, which lies ahead. But as I said, 
getting a store in a new mall is pretty easy. But an existing running 
mall, if you want to enter that mall, you can enter only once a churn is 
happening. So we'll have to sort of wait and then take more stores. 
 
Kamlesh Bagmar: 
Like I'm squeezing like on this year, like online is around 44%. How 
do you planning out because I believe that like people would be more 
happier if this like say the offline moves up to like 40%, 45% because 
there you will have the huge brand present. For me, like I stay in 
Mumbai, western side, I don't see any of your store there in the entire 
western line, which is a huge market. So like how that will pan out 
because this must change like say 44% online. Like say if I go on the 
Amazon and search for like a Sugarush like 100 of brands would be 
available there? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See Sugarush is not a brand that we want to build Kamlesh. So I 
wouldn't be opening any Sugarush stores, right. But at the same time, 
as I said, yes, Bombay, we are now four stores if I'm not mistaken. So 
and we are actively looking for opening more stores. But you have to 
understand that we are a growing company. We are a developing 
nation. We're not already a developed nation where you will see 100 
stores of Bagline all across. But we have 35 stores all across the 
country, 36 stores all across the country. So I see the mug half full 
rather than half empty. 
 
I see that we have so much more potential to grow. So we are opening 
more stores. And, but yes, as I said earlier I don't like to take bad calls 
on stores, just on the pressure that we need to open a store. That's not 
me. Secondly, answering your this thing about e-commerce. I think e-
commerce is here to stay, Kamlesh. And as a brand, as a retailer, as a 
retail company, whoever thinks that e-commerce is the main store. I 
think that's a wrong way of thinking. You have to move, as per your 
consumer, right? So e-commerce today, right from mail to ship 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 33 
 
strategy, kind of thing is working over there. So it's become a part of 
consumers life. 
 
So hence, I have no qualms or I don't say that 44% of revenue is 
coming from digital. I'm happy. And my offline is also growing. I'm 
still happy. But that doesn't mean that I don't look down upon that 
channel. It's a beautiful channel. At the end of the day, you're serving 
a consumer. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kamlesh. We'll take the next question from Agam Shah. 
Agam, you can go ahead, please. 
 
Agam Shah: 
Congrats on a good set of numbers. might have missed your opening 
remarks. I don't know whether you commented on, can you comment 
on any new more branch or anything we are doing on that search. 
What about roadmap? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, I did comment on this. It's an ongoing process, Agam. So as and 
when we near a completion or near this thing, I will for sure you guys 
will be the first ones to be here. 
 
Agam Shah: 
Are we there any near . 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I wouldn't say that we are anywhere very near. In fact, I answered 
saying that I didn't foresee something happening in this fiscal. 
 
Agam Shah: 
Thank you. That's it from my side and all the best. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Agam. We'll move on to Shrikant Bandaru. Shrikant, you can 
unmute and ask please. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Yeah, hi Abhinav. Congratulations on great performance once again. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks Shrikant. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Now to be a shareholder of Brand Concepts. I've been to the Tommy 
Hilfiger luggage showroom in Mumbai and I was extremely impressed 
with the design of the suitcases. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
I'm a consumer of Samsonite and Tumi and I know these are all 
different price points, but I'm tempted to move to Tommy Hilfiger. I 
mean the suitcases from a looks perspective are fantastic. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Wow. So that's sort of the best compliment that I've got today. In fact, 
that's music to my ears. If I'm able to convert a Samsonite consumer 
and a Tumi consumer to a Tommy, I think that gives me a lot of hype. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
I think the younger people, irrespective of their purchasing power 
might be tempted because the design is like really different and really 
very nice. The second thing is even your Bagline, I saw a massive 
billboard on Western Express Highway in Bandra with Arjun Rampal, 
the new campaign and it looks very nice. So congrats on that too. My 
question is when you decide on expanding your stores, how do you 
decide between Bagline versus let's say your Tommy Hilfiger, Travel 
Gear store because you have pros and cons with both Bagline, have 
economy scale, multiple brands, multiple products whereas you still 
have to create that brand equity and Tommy Hilfiger obviously is such 
a strong brand so people would just walk in. So how do you decide on 
this when you expand from 36 to 100 in the next few years? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Very good question, Shrikant. In fact, this is something that we also 
have a constant battle between ourselves. Where on one hand, we 
would want to open Bagline more and more because that's our format. 
It also gives us the opportunity to showcase more brands into it. But at 
the same time, we see that wherever we have a Tommy Hilfiger 
Travel Gear stores, the numbers are just astounding. And also the 
position of the store, obviously when it is a brand like Tommy 
Hilfiger, the positioning of the store that we get is better. We are able 
to get say a ground floor location or a first floor location, whereas we 
are able to beat the curve of saying that we'll be with the other luggage 
players. But when it comes to Bagline, of course, everybody 
understands it's a multi-brands stores. 
 
So yes, there is a constant battle. And I wouldn't say that there is one 
single recipe through which we decide, our first priority is for Bagline 
because it helps us showcase all the brands, right. But at the same 
time, we have also now decided that whether it is today or whether it 
is say two, three years down the line till a foreseeable future, we 
would not shy away from opening mono brand stores also. So if the 
brand is strong enough and if we have a good proposition, we would 
probably open mono-brand stores also. 
 
So earlier we had taken a call that we will now not open any mono-
brand store, we will open only Bagline stores, but we've corrected on 
that decision and we've thought that if we are getting good brands or if 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 33 
 
the brand can handle a store, we will give it the platform. So we will 
open a store for that brand. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Makes sense. Thanks. And my last question is, do you have an internal 
benchmark on the same-store sales growth for mature stores? And 
what would that… 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So every month, whatever our reviews and everything we track our 
like-to-like and then we track our BD, business development or 
whatever the development would have happened. So even if I talk 
about a like-to-like sales growth from last quarter to this quarter, the 
like-to-like sales growth would be anywhere in the region of I think if 
I'm not mistaken, it was somewhere close to about 17% to 18% when 
it comes to the offline and e-commerce, of course, the growth rate was 
a little higher. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Shrikant. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Shrikant. Before we move to the next participant, there's a 
question I have on chat from Antara Bhattacharya. Sir, congratulations 
for an excellent performance of the company. Do you have any plans 
to introduce the products in defense canteen stores department? You 
may like to consider it as a low-cost alternative where revenue growth 
can come in at limited promotion costs. 
 
So his first question is would you look at canteen stores department? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, so canteen stores department we had initiated our files, but as 
I've said it has always been it's a -- there are too many agencies and 
many agencies involved in everything so it's a time-taking process. So 
we are definitely interested in that business but as I said it is right now 
work under progress. The second question was? 
 
Moderator: 
The second question is, I came across a report that Delsey is planning 
to shift its manufacturing to India. Are we in talks with them for the 
same? Any other premium brands that we are planning to bring into 
it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Are we in talks with them for what, for manufacturing? 
 
Moderator: 
I presume so. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 33 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So, I think they are also looking at setting up their own plant as well. 
And in that obviously, we will have no investing. And for us to be in 
talks with anyone for your, what do you call it? I'm getting actually a 
lot of separate chat questions also. 
 
Moderator: 
I'm handling that Abhinav, no worries. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. No, there are certain direct messages. 
 
Moderator: 
You can ignore that for now. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, okay. Yeah, so it's too early to approach any brand and say that 
we want to do your manufacturing because we've not even set up the 
plant. But yes, once the plant is set, we will not shy away from 
probably making it for a few other brands as well. So, we'll approach 
it then. I hope I have been able to answer that. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah, we'll take the next question from Mann Ashar, Mann, you can 
unmute please. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, yes. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Congratulations for a great set of number and always a pleasure to 
hear from you every quarter. So, can I go ahead with my questions? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, yes, please. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Yeah. So, what I wanted to know is that the store expansion that you 
said 100 stores, right, in next two to three years. So, do we have any 
particular IRR in our mind? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, wherever we make a store, we have a very stringent process of 
making a store, of approving a store. We call it the store approval 
process, where we not only look at the location, we look at the 
adjacencies, it's a standard retail procedure. Most of the companies, all 
good retail companies follow that process. Apart from that, we also 
make a five-year business projection and we calculate an ROI from a 
franchisee perspective. And we say that the franchisee needs to make 
at least 15% ROI from that store. So if everything, all of this passes, 
only then we sort of approve a store. So, yes, from the store 
perspective, if you look at anywhere between 15% to 18% of ROI is 
what we look at before we approve a store. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 33 
 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay. And if I'm correct, most of our stores are company owned and 
company operated, right? We say COCO model. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, we have almost a 50:50 split. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay, so the split will be, will continue, right? If you are saying 100 
stores then? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, if I'm saying 100 stores, I would probably till 100 stores, it 
might be a 50:50 but or probably it could be about 40:60. So company 
owned and company operated would only be in all the premium malls, 
the premium locations. All those would be company owned and 
company operated. As I said that we are now looking at expanding 
more into high street also into Tier 2, Tier 3 cities also. So all those 
expansions and those modes would be done primarily through 
franchising model as a model. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay. Sir, in quarter of one con call, there was some mention about 
PMS or, I don't know, it is product maintenance or some 
manufacturing of IFF. I couldn't find the -- what the particular system 
is or what the particular value chain is. Could you just share some 
light on it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So PMS when I had mentioned it was more of product 
management service. So it is more of, just say I'm regular with all the 
experience and everything that we have. We don't only manufacture or 
what this division intends to do is not only manufacture but give 
become a one point of solution. So if you want to, for example do so I 
can take license of all the brand right and we get a lot of inquiries. So 
the idea was that if there is a brand which has, say, 50, 60, 70 of their 
own stores, 100 of their own stores, they want us to take the license, 
but doesn't fit in our criteria. 
 
And we want to help them in launching this entire portfolio of 
products. So we designed, developed, manufactured and give it to 
them. They could further do their own distribution. They could further 
put it in their own stores. So this division is intended to ideally do that. 
In a way, you can say other brands business more from a 
manufacturing perspective. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay. So, the capacity that we have, what I get is we also do the 
manufacturing of them and we also try to establish them in the 
marketplace, right? Is that thinking right? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 33 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, we don't take the front end. So if you take this kind of a brand, we 
will not be taking the front end, we will be just taking the design, 
development and manufacturing and giving it to them. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Like of a contract manufacturing? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Like a contract manufacturing. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay, got it. So that's all from my side, but could you share some, the 
Tommy renewal, license renewal updates? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
As I said that I'm just awaiting the final printed copy, the moment we 
sign it, I'll be putting it out. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
So it is, yeah, is it a five year still perpetuity, something like that, the 
first time we have signed it? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, no brand will give you perpetuity. We will fall under I have 
explained it before that we will fall under their cycle of the 
international body giving it to the Indian body. So we'll be falling 
under that cycle. So as of now this contract is going to be till 2026. 
And from because we've come in the midterm. From 2026 onwards, 
they'll follow the same cycle as the international cycle. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Okay, so the renewal license. 
 
Moderator: 
Mann, we will have to restrict the questions, we are running out of 
time. I need to move on. 
 
Mann Ashar: 
Sure, thank you. Yeah, sure. 
 
Moderator: 
Sanchit, you can go ahead and ask your question, please. 
 
Sanchit Bhandari: 
Yeah, so I would like to ask two questions, but before that, 
congratulations for the excellent results. The first question being, yeah 
the first question being that I saw on the income statement for quarter 
two that there has been a fall in the top line margin from 6.9% to 
6.2%. So could you justify that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I have actually answered this question earlier as well. Essentially you 
need to look at the margins perspective, you need to look at it pre-
ESOP. So adjusted EBITDA and hence in even in the investor 
presentation this time, we've updated it as adjusted EBITDA and 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 33 
 
adjusted PBT margins. So you will get your answer Sanchit but our 
margins are intact to tell you in one line. In fact, it has grown. 
 
Sanchit Bhandari: 
Okay. And the second question being is that we have done a lot of 
geographical expansions like we have stores in Guwahati from we 
have stores in Guwahati, Gujarat, Bangalore, Chandigarh, but do you 
not think that that would eventually increase our logistics cost and if 
you like focus on geographical concentration that would like reduce 
the logistics cost for inventory? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
we wont be able to expand if we see the logistic cost Yes, to service 
one store, obviously it becomes a little difficult, but when you are 
present across multiple channels, so south for example, we are very 
strong in all Shoppers Stop, Lifestyle go up to Chennai, Madurai, 
everywhere, right. So logistic cost obviously will be high somewhere 
and low somewhere but at the end of the day India, the whole country 
is a playing field, so you need to figure out solutions to reach out 
everywhere. 
 
Sanchit Bhandari: 
Okay. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Sanchit. We'll take the last question from Richa Agrawal. 
Richa, you can unmute and ask your question please. 
 
Richa Agrawal: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Abhinav my question is I think last 
year you had shared a vision of ₹500 crore kind of revenue in three 
years, around 30%. I just wanted to understand this target or this 
vision is based on the current brands that you have or it also includes 
you know the plans that you plan to acquire let's say by next year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Everything put together obviously Richa, it is with the existing brands 
as well as the new brands, the current brands that we are rolling out all 
put together. So overall company we've seen a vision of reaching ₹500 
crores and I think I still stand by that vision. 
 
Richa Agrawal: 
Okay. And what kind of investment, if you could give us a sense of 
CapEx or investments that would go into your own manufacturing 
facility as well as setting up the number of stores that you're looking to 
set up? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, the manufacturing setup. First phase would be anywhere between 
₹25 crores to ₹30 crores, close to about ₹30 crores, which will include 
the working capital as well. Yes, it will include the working capital as 
well. So that will be the first phase of investment. And as far as the 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 33 
 
store goes, every store, our fixtures cost, even if it is a square feet 
store, our fixing cost is somewhere close to ₹3,500 per square foot. 
So, around ₹20 lakhs is something which we spend mostly on fixtures 
and furniture. Another ₹15 lakhs you could take as stock. And 
depending on the mall, whatever deposit, four months, six months 
deposit that we calculate, you calculate that. 
 
So typically to open a store, it costs about ₹40 odd lakhs, between ₹40 
lakhs to ₹50 lakhs is the store opening cost. Now, it depends on how 
many stores we're able to open or opening in COCO, that will decide 
the nature of that, the quantum of that CapEx. 
 
Richa Agrawal: 
Okay, so let's say at a base of 500 kind of revenue, do you see the mix 
changing a lot or is it going to be more or less in the same range? 
Also, what kind of impact on margins could dominance of a particular 
channel, let's say it is online as of now would have on the overall 
margin profile? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, margins, most of the channels, the whole variant, the variance is 
minus five to plus five, that's the kind of variance maximum, which 
would happen. So margin structures, quite similar, yes, certain 
channels have much better margin structures and certain channels, but 
the variance as I said is only that much. Now, that is something that 
it'll be very hard for me to comment that exact mix but I personally 
feel that online will remain in the region of around 40%, 45%, 40% at 
least, and rest 60% would be probably offline, 55% to 60% will 
remain to be offline. 
 
That is the kind of mix that we are seeing. And the idea here is that I 
don't want to, we don't want to say that, we are only an EBO 
company. In the next three years, I'll open 300 stores. So we would 
keep expanding in distribution also. We will keep expanding in EBOs 
also. We will keep expanding in large formats also. We will keep 
expanding in e-commerce as well. So it will always be a well-rounded 
sort of this thing. So hence, I don't see much shift or much changes 
happening either in the channel mix and hence subsequently even in 
your margin mix. 
 
Richa Agrawal: 
Okay, but at a higher scale and with your own manufacturing, I think 
you said about sustaining the margin. I mean, but wouldn't, I mean at 
almost double the sales, shouldn't the margins be expected to go even 
higher like? 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BCONCEPTS) 
Q2 & H1 FY '24 Post Earnings Conference Call 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 33 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I wouldn't, see I think I have answered this before that when you're 
targeting a 15%, 20% kind of a growth, you cut down growth of 20% 
to 30%, it's a very natural growth, you don't have to take extra efforts 
for that but thankfully we've been growing at more than 50%. So for 
that a lot of things would be required right and plus you're taking new 
brands, margin structures in the new brands are different, so keeping 
all that in mind the guidance that I would want to still maintain is that 
we will try and maintain our margin structures rather than me 
commenting and saying that yeah, yeah it will improve. 
 
Richa Agrawal: 
And just one last one. 
 
Moderator: 
Richa, we'll have to end it here. I think that brings us to the -- hello. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, I think. 
 
Moderator: 
I think let's end the call since we've shot over time significantly. 
Thank you to all the participants for joining on this call and thanks to 
the management for giving us a lot of their valuable time. That brings 
us to the end of this conference call. You may all log out. Thanks 
Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Vinay. Thank you everyone. Thank you everyone. 
