E2E Networks Limited 
Accelerated Cloud Computing Platform 
CIN NUMBER - L72900DL2009PLC341980 
 
Regd. Office : Awfis, First Floor, A-24/9, Mohan Cooperative Industrial Estate, Mathura 
Road, Saidabad, New Delhi-110044, Phone +011-4084-4964 
Email : cs@e2enetworks.com, Website https://www.e2enetworks.com/ 
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
To, 
Corporate Communications Department, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai-400051 
 
Scrip Code/Symbol: E2E 
 
Sub: E2E-Q2 FY24 Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ref: Information under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended (“Listing Regulations”)  
and our earlier communication dated November 08, 2023 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 and Regulation 46 read with Part A of Schedule III of the Listing Regulations, 
this is to inform you that the Transcript of the Conference Call held on Wednesday, November 15, 
2023 with the Analysts/Investors in relation to the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 (Q2 FY 23-24), is hereby enclosed and the same is also 
available on the Company's website.  
The transcript can be accessed from the link given below: 
https://www.e2enetworks.com/investors/investor-presentations 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same.  
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For E2E Networks Limited 
 
 
 
Tarun Dua 
Managing Director & CEO 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
Tarun 
Dua
Digitally signed 
by Tarun Dua 
Date: 
2023.11.16 
19:19:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
E2E Networks Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 15, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call of 
E2E Networks Limited hosted by Valorem Advisors. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the Listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your 
touchstone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Purvangi Jain from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over to you 
ma'am.  
Purvangi Jain: 
Good evening, everyone and a warm welcome to you all. My name is Purvangi Jain from 
Valorem Advisors. We represent the investor relations of E2E Networks Limited. On behalf of 
the company, I would like to thank you all for participating in the company's earnings call for 
the second quarter and first half of the Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin let mention a short cautionary statement. Some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are subject to 
risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ from those anticipated. Such 
statements are based on management's belief as well assumptions made by and information 
currently available to the management. Audiences are cautioned not to place any undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. The purpose 
of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the company's 
fundamental business and financial quarter under review.  
Now let me introduce you to the Management participating with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for their opening remarks. We have with us Mr. Tarun Dua – CEO and 
Managing Director and Ms. Megha Raheja – Chief Financial Officer. 
Without any further delay I request Mr. Tarun Dua to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you sir.  
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you Purvangi and thank you all of you for joining us today. Firstly, let me wish all of you 
a very Happy Diwali and a Happy New Year. Welcome to our earnings conference call for the 
second quarter and the first half of financial year 2023-24.  

 
Page 2 of 12 
Before we begin with the performance for the second quarter and the first half of the year let 
me give you a very brief introduction about the company for some of you over here who might 
be new to the company. E2E Networks was founded in the year 2009 and is today amongst 
some of the largest public Cloud players in India. We have carved a niche for ourselves by 
providing Cloud services to businesses across various workloads including artificial intelligence, 
machine learning, workloads targeting, application developers, enterprise customers trying to 
run CRM-CRPs and we operate within the infrastructure as a service or IaaS model delivering 
the Cloud computing, storage solutions for various workloads including databases for load 
balancing, virtual firewalls and simple queue service, Kubernetes and many other Cloud native 
platforms. So, we listed on NSE Emerge in 2018 and more recently we transitioned over to the 
mainboard of NSE in 2022. Over the course of our evolution, we have significantly expanded 
our customer base and currently we are serving a very robust customer base of over (+3600) 
active customers. We operate out of data center facilities in Noida and Mumbai. A much more 
comprehensive list of our product offerings of various types of cloud instances and other cloud 
services that we provide are also available on our website and our self-service Cloud platform 
at myaccount.e2enetworks.com.  
In the current landscape we have seen an increasingly new workloads in the AI/ML domain and 
these are completely new workloads which are not replacing the older workloads. These are 
the workloads that are the workloads of the future. This in itself presents like a substantial 
opportunity for us to work in an area which is very new and where we are quite at par with our 
competition in terms of the software and technology that we have built. So, there is an ongoing 
digital transformation in the entire enterprise and organizational space especially towards the 
public Cloud. India itself we have seen in some of the recent industry reports that is witnessing 
a surge in the overall data center capacity, so that is expected to grow by over 10X over next 5 
years or so. Now we are very uniquely positioned as an Indian player out of India with leading 
edge native support for artificial intelligence, machine learning and deep learning workloads 
from the get go and we have a history of providing very high value solutions compared to their 
price, so very cost effective and value centric solutions compared to our global hyperscale 
Cloud players who compete with us. The demand for AI/ML workload is on the rise and that is 
driven by various sectors including higher education and research. There is also an impetus to 
this sector for localizing their data because of sectoral regulations and the needs of 
implementing data protection requirements. The company has offered very competitive 
pricing in this particular domain and we are very advantageously positioned in terms of price 
performance ratio and it becomes very attractive for our customers.  
So, we anticipate our company to be able to grow anywhere between 40% to 50% over the 
medium term over next couple of years. The company has successfully transitioned to a self-
service model since our IPO and today almost (+80%) of our customer base uses our self-service 
public Cloud platform. This distinguishes us from our smaller domestic operators and makes us 
very similar to the global Hyperscale Cloud platform. The self-service model allows the 

 
Page 3 of 12 
customers flexibility in spending and contributes to the scalability of the product for the 
customers and increases customer satisfaction. And the self-service model really sets us apart 
in terms of the Cloud services landscape in India where apart from the MNCs and the MNC 
hyperscalers nobody else is offering like a complete self-service and billing model to their 
customers.  
During the second quarter of Financial Year 2024, we have launched and made very rapid 
progress on many new services and features. We have released some of the newer features on 
our AI/ML platform called Tir which is an workload environment, both for training and 
inference on AI and ML workloads and this allows customers to run their AI/ML workloads from 
the get go by simply making sure that they are able to upload the data at the right place and 
the inference features release of Tir helps in standardized endpoint deployment for the model 
in a scalable fashion and that allows the customers to save a lot of time. So, we have also 
released the data set features on our Tir platform with an option to quickly mount the data 
sets for creating the workloads around those data sets either for training of the models or for 
delivering the inference. More recently we have also launched the committed node plan on 
our Tir platform, that allows for customers to be able to cut down their cost by prepaying for 
longer periods of time. On the Cloud native side E2E container history was launched for 
customers and that really helps with the Cloud native, Kubernetes and Docker container 
features. Customers can also clone their existing registries if they are already available with 
them instead of building new ones. New compliance and security features were launched with 
additional monitoring capabilities for early modeling of potential telltale signs of intrusions for 
vulnerabilities and compliance monitoring of the nodes. So on by account or self-service 
platform, the additional features that were added to the scalable file system products was the 
ability to snapshot, resize, clone and backup the volumes on the scalable file system.  
So, we have broadly explained who we are, what we do today and the kind of innovation we 
are doing today. Overall, we remain very confident of the overall industry scenario and the 
positioning of our company in this new scenario of an AI first world and our performance 
continues to remain very strong currently. Now I would like to handover the call to our CFO 
Megha to brief you on some of the key financial and operational highlights of the quarter under 
the review. Over to you Megha.  
Megha Raheja: 
Thank you Tarun and good evening, everyone. I will summarize the performance for Q2. For 
Q2 financial year of 2024, the company has reported consolidated revenue of INR 21.66 Cr 
which grew by 31% year-on-year. Our EBITDA stood at around 11 Cr which grew by 35% year-
on-year representing an EBITDA margin of 51.85%. Profit after tax, PAT was reported at around 
INR 6 Cr which is more than doubled year-on-year. The PAT margin was reported at 26.85%.  
Now I will come to H1 performance; for H1 of Financial Year 2024, the company reported 
consolidated revenue of around INR 41 Cr which grew by around 30% year-on-year. Our EBITDA 
stood at around 21.4 Cr which grew by 37% year-on-year representing an EBITDA margin of 

 
Page 4 of 12 
52.7%. PAT, profit after tax was around 13 Cr which we grew by approximately 146 percent 
year-on-year. The PAT margin is reported at 31.14%. Our revenue growth is a function of 
consistently increasing the monthly recurring revenue. We continue to maintain healthy 
operating margins and generate robust cash flow. That concludes the update from the quarter 
and we can now open the floor for question-and-answer session.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much ma'am. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Sanika Khemani from Sapphire Capital.  
Sanika Khemani: 
Actually, my question is regarding the profit margin. A lot of it has come from the change in 
the depreciation policy. So, my question was what kind of PAT margin can we expect after we 
getting the operating leverage and everything? What kind of depreciation can we expect going 
ahead like what is the depreciation trajectory?  
Tarun Dua: 
So broadly over the course of time, I can't comment on quarter-on-quarter or year-on-year, 
broadly over a long term, medium term long term we are targeting 15% to 20% PAT. But I would 
let Megha answer the questions about the depreciation that you have asked.  
Megha Raheja: 
So we changed the method of depreciation from WDB to SLM from June 2023 and the impact 
of the same and this new change of depreciation is as per Schedule 2 of Companies Act, the 
impact of change is also disclosed, for H1 it is around 5.6 crores and for Q2 it is 3 crores.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kshitij Saraf from Tusk Investments.  
Kshitij Saraf: 
Just want to know on the H100 chips now coming in, how do you see the margin profile for this 
business? Is it going to be any different from the traditional workloads you've handled both in 
terms of at an operating level and at the CAPEX payback level?  
Tarun Dua: 
So, let me try to answer that question in multiple parts. So, the number one part is yes, 
whenever someone is using say an H100 or like a GPU instance, they would also use many other 
services over our Cloud platform. So typically, it is hard to predict the blended effect of the 
margin profile overall for any customer by simply looking at the headline workload that yes, 
this was primarily an H100 workload. So, this would be the margin profile for the infrastructure 
being used by this particular customer and so on. Then there is also a lot of impact in terms of 
how much prepayment a customer has done for 1 year, for 6 months, for 3 months and the 
total volume bought by a customer. So, whether the customer has a larger volume or whether 
they purchase a very small volume, so the pricing could vary because of that. But all of that 
being said the H100 would have a slightly lesser margin by a couple of percentage points 
compared to an A100 because this is a more expensive GPU. Now that being said it is not 
uniformly true. In case, a typical customer uses a much larger cluster then potentially the 
margin could actually be higher than the A1800 as well. Broadly we don't expect it to massively 
differ from the overall margin profile that we have overall. With the introduction of new 

 
Page 5 of 12 
workloads based on H100, we don't think there is going to be a massive difference although 
there is definitely a possibility of a few percentage points of margin being different for some of 
the headline products. But whether that would actually result in an overall difference to the 
overall company or not that is very hard to say. I hope I'm able to answer your question. 
Kshitij Saraf: 
Yes absolutely. That's very helpful. And secondly because it's a self-service model and users can 
opt in and opt out at any time, there is a lot of flexibility for the user. At the same time because 
the user can drop out at the same time, this would mean a lower sort of lifetime of a customer. 
However, the growth has been very good and the industry is in an upswing and you're 
witnessing very robust growth. So how do you sort of navigate this whole piece?  
Tarun Dua: 
We have always maintained that being flexible as a public Cloud is the key for the customers 
to have the confidence to run and scale their workload on the Cloud platform more easily. So, 
if we do not offer any flexible options on the other hand, we are also happy to offer longer 
term contracts to the customers, financial contracts to the customers who want them at a 
slightly lower price. But the primary mainstay of any public Cloud is obviously the flexible part 
of the plan. Now that being said typically, we observe that the lifetime value of the customer 
does not reduce because of offering flexibility. Because of the flexibility the lifetime continues 
to increase. Now that might just mean that the workload psyche but then across many 
thousands of customers we have, that kind of evens out at the overall Cloud level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Hasmukh Vishariya from SUD Life.  
Hasmukh Vishariya: 
I have a couple of questions. So firstly, if you can give some qualitative data around what would 
be difference in terms of pricing between our Cloud services versus the other peers?  
Tarun Dua: 
So, the presentation actually mentions a few SKUs around pricing for very similar SKUs on our 
Cloud platform versus the MNC hyperscalers. So, some of those examples are out there in the 
main presentation. Typically, the price that we offer varies between say 30%-35% of a similarly 
priced SKU on a MNC hyperscaler platform and maybe sometimes it all goes all the way up to 
maybe 50% of that price. But typically, we are about 50% to 60% cheaper overall compared to 
the large hyperscalers. 
Hasmukh Vishariya: 
If I try to look at a major differentiation for you versus peer, so apart from pricing what are the 
other factors or features you can call out which would make you differentiate versus peers? 
Tarun Dua: 
What we maintain is that basically, we are building our software to align with the needs of our 
customers. So, which means that every cycle of our software releases every quarter improves 
the product market fit for our product and we build and improve on the features that are most 
used by our customers or most demanded by our customers. Over a period of time that creates 
its own niche in the category where people who become familiar with our software and kind 

 
Page 6 of 12 
of expect certain things in our software, they tend to want to continue to use this software 
over a period of time. So that creates longevity for the customers essentially. 
Hasmukh Vishariya: 
Lastly, so as I understand you might be having or majority of your customers would be into 
MSMEs. So, if you can highlight what are you doing to get larger clients onto your platform or 
onto your Cloud platform? So, any strategy behind that? 
Tarun Dua: 
By numbers the majority of our customers are MSMEs and startups. But what we have seen 
increasingly is that our customer base is driven by the workload rather than by the size of either 
their company or our company with a view to use our services. We are no longer exclusively 
focused on MSMEs. So, we have built the features over past 5 years since the IPO where every 
year, we have seen that larger customers with a larger ARPU are able to utilize our self-service 
platform to kind of build their production centered Cloud infrastructure on top of our Cloud 
and they continue to use and increase their usage of our Cloud platform.  
Hasmukh Vishariya: 
So, will it be possible for you to call out what would be top 10 clients revenue share for you, 
any sense on that?  
Tarun Dua: 
I don't have offhand data about all of these things and of course, if we publish those things 
then we'll publish them for everyone. Otherwise, if it is generally not available, we'll kind of not 
put it out over here currently. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanika Khemani from Sapphire Capital.  
Sanika Khemani: 
I just want to understand why are we expecting the drop in the PAT margin in the medium 
term?  
Tarun Dua: 
Very hard to predict these things. We are not super great at forecasting over the medium term 
but over the long term I don't see any kind of going down on either EBITDA or the PAT line. I 
think over a longer term we should be able to maintain those. The reason for that is that 
basically as we keep building more value into our software, that we are providing to our 
customers, the newer SKUs with a higher value proposition for our customers would have a 
significantly better margin profile because there would be a bigger software capability 
component on each of those SKUs.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Chaudhary from Saamarthya Capital.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Have there been any price changes in terms of pricing per SKU in the recent past?  
Tarun Dua: 
Typically, we do not change pricing of majority of our SKUs unless there is an (Inaudible) (28.35) 
mismatch. The only SKUs where the pricing changes is typically related to pass through 
licensing that our customers license through us and over there if the back-end license changes 
we would change the price of those SKUs accordingly. But typically, once the customer is on an 

 
Page 7 of 12 
SKU, they have the assurance that they will have the same price for many years to come. Now 
typically the pricing on a similar SKU in a newer generation SKU could be different because of 
the reasons that the underlying hardware was more expensive or less expensive and there 
would have been additional features which kind of work on the newer SKUs. So, for that reason 
the newer SKUs would have sufficiently different pricing from the current generation of SKUs. 
But typically for the same SKUs as much as possible, we try to keep the pricing same for many 
years to come. That creates a stability in the mind of the customer that yes once I bought 
something, the price is not going to change unless some real major reason for that happens.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Is there any update on any recent development or change in plan for our CAPEX plan for this 
year?  
Tarun Dua: 
We do not have a plan for aligned with the boundaries of the financial year as such. So, the 
overall plan to kind of deploy a capacity remains as is basically. So, we have spoken about we 
are going to overall go and deploy almost like Rs. 150 to 200 crores of hardware over next say 
12 months. So, 12 could become 15 but broadly that number remains the same. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Are we also looking to raise equity capital for the same or it will be purely debt and internal 
cash flows?  
Tarun Dua: 
For the current plans, basically debt and internal cash approvals make it possible for us to be 
able to do that without raising additional equity. That being said in a super short term I don't 
see us raising equity on a very immediate basis.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Because we have now launched this platform and Tir platform, AI platform and our customers 
will slowly realize its advantages. So, in terms of our asset terms because earlier in your 
previous call you had spoken about number, the asset turn number being around 0.7. So, does 
that change in any way or will that have an upward trajectory over the next few quarters or 
years?  
Tarun Dua: 
Obviously we want it to have an upward trajectory but it will not change quarter-on-quarter 
that much. So, the long-term view is obviously that as more and more software features start 
adding a lot more value to the customers, the asset turn would increase. So currently it remains 
broadly the same as before 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Which is 0.7? 
Tarun Dua: 
We don't really calculate that number. That is like a post facto number. So, what we calculate 
is we typically look at the overall payback period of anywhere between 12 to 20 months across 
the SKUs and that varies very widely. So ultimately what is important is when you look at it 
post facto and then say okay what was it like looking at the past. 

 
Page 8 of 12 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Last question. When we look at the nature of these AI workloads for a specific customer, do 
you see that there's a wide variation in terms of their monthly usage? If we have to talk about 
one single customer because they train a particular AI model but then after some time does 
the requirement fluctuate very significantly in different months and quarters for a single 
customer? Is that how the nature of the AI workload is?  
Tarun Dua: 
Prateek that used to happen a couple of years back where the workload for training customers 
used to be very versatile. Today what we see is that training has become like a continuous 
workload. So where typically the customers look forward to having the capacity with them for 
long term to kind of be able to focus on the task at hand rather than trying to say that optimize, 
do the training and then exit out of this and then move to inference. So that is no longer the 
case. People have the requirements of trading continuously these days. Trading has become a 
much more consistent workload than that was there in the past.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Mehta from Emkay Global.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
I am new to the business, so maybe I try to understand some of the basics. First you indicated 
about some cost advantage versus hyperscaler for customers as high as 40%-50%. So how it 
helps us to be so cheaper when some of the hyperscaler has very large scale compared to us 
and utilization for them would be relatively higher considering con-currency and all those other 
factors? So, if you can help us understand it. Second point is I think earlier one of the 
comments, you indicated about medium term growth escalation of 40%-50%. If I look our H1 
performance it is lower than that number. So, at lower scale our growth is moderate. So, 
whether we have step up kind of growth phases where your growth in some phases will be 
much higher than it moderate for some time.  If you can help us understand those kind of 
tapering off. Third question I missed about the CAPEX number. If I heard it correctly you said 
150 crores CAPEX plan for next 12 months, is that number correct?  
Tarun Dua: 
Yes, broadly roughly that is what we plan. But then I'll come back to question one and two as 
well. So let me start by addressing the CAPEX part. CAPEX is also dependent on the global 
supply chain. So sometimes you may place an order and then the orders get delayed. So very 
hard to kind of pin it on exact timelines. But yes, broadly we are looking at that number 
essentially. So anywhere between 150 to 200 crores of overall CAPEX and this particular cycle 
lasting about 12 to 15 months. Now coming back to the first question, why we have a cheaper 
pricing compared to the global hyperscalers. So one is that the major reason for that is that we 
are not doing everything they are doing. So they want to service a customer spending between 
$5 to $0.5 billion per month across the globe for every possible workload under the sun. In our 
case we want to be far more specialized in terms of number one the geography we serve, 
number two the number of workloads we support and number three the amount of spend that 
we have on the software development because we are not catering to every possible type of 
workload at every possible type of scale. So essentially that makes all the difference in terms 
of our focus on the niche product market fit suiting our customers in a particular geography. 

 
Page 9 of 12 
So that actually enables us to have a lower cost structure. Obviously the hyperscalers have the 
advantage of the scale. They have the advantage of like you mentioned like a higher utilization. 
So, all that being said, it is possible for a smaller, regular more efficient player to have a lower 
cost. Now coming back to the second question, yes, the growth guidance that we are providing 
is for the medium to long term and does not apply to the quarter-on-quarter or half year to 
half year kind of business that you are looking at. So yes, we have mentioned that before and 
I would like to mention that before today, that the growth is definitely lumpy. If we look at over 
the next 5-6 year term we expect to be overall able to do a CAGR of like say 40% to 50%. That's 
the aspiration that we have.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Just want to understand. You said we have advantage of some of these payload differences. 
So, what would be the strength and weakness for us or limitation let me put that better word, 
in terms of payload what we cater and what we are not catering to? So if you can provide some 
sense on. 
Tarun Dua: 
We are very focused on the AI/ML workloads today and the infrastructure pieces that we have 
built are very focused on being able to kind of deliver on the AI enable and training workloads. 
So that's our focus area and if you look at any typical hyperscaler, they would be focused on 
doing everything from edge computing, private 5G. The number of workloads in the world out 
there is unlimited. So, our very specific focus is to make ourselves better for our customers on 
how to be able to run the AI/ML workloads which is the reason why we have launched our Tir 
platform which helps our customers do things like faster from the amount of time that people 
spend on having to configure and use our self-service platform.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
And the second question is about 150 crores CAPEX which you indicated over maybe 18 months 
period. Now if I look your last year CAPEX it was less than 20 crores, H1 is less than 10 crores 
CAPEX. So now what you are suggesting in a way you are doing likely to do 7X CAPEX in next 18 
months compared to what you spent on FY23. Whether I am comparing right numbers or I'm 
missing something? 
Tarun Dua: 
What you are missing over here is, the size of the market opportunity that we are foreseeing 
over here. So basically, our CAPEX plan reflects the reality of the market today that there is an 
expected demand of that scale happening. So, we want to ensure that we are able to cater to 
that demand while being flexible and nimble. So, which means that if we see that demand taper 
before we have committed to spend that money, we can obviously scale that down. So, it's a 
very optimistic expectation from our side that yes, we do see that if that optimism comes to 
the pass, we should be able to kind of do that kind of CAPEX.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
And let's first assume 150 crores CAPEX is likely to materialize in next 18 months. Then what 
will be the potential revenue maybe we can realize over next 24 months once the CAPEX 
incurs? 

 
Page 10 of 12 
Tarun Dua: 
We talk in terms of ARR. ARR is like basically a 12 month projection of MRR. So essentially if we 
make say 200 crores of overall CAPEX, then that should result in an additional ARR of 120 to 
140 crores over and above our investing revenue. ARR would directly translated to revenue, it 
translates to future revenue always.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
If I look over ARR and current revenue what will be the gap between these two numbers at this 
point of time?  
Tarun Dua: 
So, if you look at the presentation like you can derive the ARR from the MRR that is mentioned 
for the September month. So, multiply that by 12 and you get the ARR. So ARR would always 
be like a leading figure leading indicator.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
No that I understood. So, your revenue for H1 was 41 crores. If I look your September number 
it is roughly around 7 crores. So, if I do 7X6, we get 42 crores. So that's how one should look at 
it when you are doing this arithmetic.  
Tarun Dua: 
Sorry say that again please.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
If I look your H1 FY 24 revenue it is 41 crores. Now that is 6 months forward. So, in a way if I do 
only September month ARR that it matches with the number.  
Tarun Dua: 
The devil lies in the details. I think you have rounded off 7.2 to 7. So, 7.2 results in an ARR of 
86.4 crores and obviously 7 crores leads to an ARR of 84 crores absolutely. So that is like a bit 
of gap. So that gap can increase when your MRR growth is higher obviously.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
Last which is related to the question which I said, your current growth is slightly lower than 
your expectation of 40%-50% over medium term. When you are relatively smaller my 
expectation was growth would be relatively higher and when you have a scale, it should 
moderate. So what extent is divergence if you can help us understand? 
Tarun Dua: 
The capacity build out on infrastructure side takes time and obviously there have been delays 
in the overall global supply chain for the primary products that we buy. So that is the major 
explanation for the lag between kind of like capacity creation and obviously like post capacity 
creation you need to kind of go through the entire sales cycle. So, all of that takes time 
essentially.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, this one 150-200 which is 18 months’ time period which we envisage, whether all the orders 
are placed or how one should think about it? 
Tarun Dua: 
No, not all the orders are not placed. So basically, we also stagger our orders. So typically, what 
we do is we place an order, get the delivery then place another order after the first delivery 
has been received. So sometimes there can be a bit more overlap where we say that ‘okay’ 

 
Page 11 of 12 
speculatively we would place more orders even before receiving the delivery but that happens 
rarely.  
Dipesh Mehta: 
So, whether we are fully funded for this 100 and 200 crores capital investment plan or we may 
require some kind of funding? 
Tarun Dua: 
No, this we can do like 150 to 200 overall infrastructure CAPEX expenditure. We can fund it 
through debt and internal expense.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prateek Chaudhary from Saamartha Capital.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
You just said that the 150 to 200 crores spend that we are planning, out of this only some part 
we have already given in as orders to our suppliers. What would that percentage roughly be? 
Tarun Dua: 
Broadly about 30%. 30% to 35%. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Is the order you've already given for our expected CAPEX? 
Tarun Dua: 
Yes.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And you were saying something, I cut you in between.  
Tarun Dua: 
No please go ahead. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Whenever we get this delivery and then for the next set of order would we be much behind as 
far as. Because the queue with the suppliers for the Indian geography must have filled up 
beyond what the supplier can fulfill. So, would that materially impact our chances of getting 
the next set of orders whenever we put in that order after we get the first order? 
Tarun Dua: 
You can only plan ahead. Basically, you can't predict what would happen. So, we can plan as 
well as we can. Now multiple things could happen. Your overall sales cycle could delay 
contributing to generating the entire amount of ARR from what you already have by the time 
the next order comes in or you could be waiting on that order and you have customers in the 
queue waiting for you to kind of fulfill the demand. So, it is very hard to predict these things 
but it's all about kind of being there and kind of doing it in the way where you feel that ‘okay’ 
this is the best source of action for the company.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
And what is the sales cycle as of now in terms of, would you have complete deployment as a 
full utilization of your equipment from day one?  
Tarun Dua: 
That never happens. So, there is always a time to inform the customers that yes you have the 
capability to deliver something. Then second part is obviously the customers would take a bit 
of time to kind of do a proof of concept to kind of start using it. So overall we've always picked 

 
Page 12 of 12 
up something like a 6 months cycle from the day you have put up a deployment to where you 
see the significant uptake from that deployment. That's like a 6 month period. The entire 
uptake could very well be like anywhere between 5 to 12 months as well. 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Since we were hearing a lot about very major shortages in H100 and kind of SKUs and we were 
hearing that a lot of these have been prebooked. Is that not the case with you as well? Have 
your clients not prebooked the 30% order that you have already given to your suppliers?  
Tarun Dua: 
Typically, the first people who are placing the order for all the bigger Cloud kind of operations. 
So, it is in a way like a projected demand from the customer. So, I think somebody asked the 
question that last year you spent X amount on infra. This year you are spending about 7X or 8X 
or that's the plan to spend about 7X or 8X. So, it's similar everywhere in a way where you are 
obviously looking at the overall demand in the market. Now overall demand in the market 
doesn't mean that the sales cycle is going to get shortened. You still need to kind of get a 
customer to do a proof of concept for them to see that yes, they are getting the value out of 
something. So that cycle will not shorten, you may be able to do many more customers over 
that set of PoCs essentially. You see my point, right? If yesterday you had smaller amount of 
capacity, you were able to do a lower number of PoCs but it would take a certain amount of 
number of weeks or months to kind of get the customer onboarded onto production where 
they start paying for it. Today if you have built more capacity, you are again doing additional 
larger number of PoCs. But the amount of time it organically takes the customer to kind of try 
your services, convince themselves that the proof of concept is successful after looking at the 
numbers of performance and outcomes that they were expecting going into production on 
that, that cycle itself they're still there.  
Prateek Chaudhary: 
Last question for this 30%-35% order that you've already placed, in your rough estimation in 
how many months do you expect to take delivery of the same roughly?  
Tarun Dua: 
I think in this quarter itself, out of the 30%-35% about 70%-75% should come in within this 
quarter itself.  
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you.  
Tarun Dua: 
Thank you everyone for participating in this earnings call if you have any further questions. If 
you would like to know anything more about the company, please do reach out to our investor 
relations managers at Valorem Advisors. Thank you once for everyone and a good day to 
everyone.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen on behalf of E2E Networks 
Limited that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
