November 09, 2023
The Secretary
BSE Limited
Pheeroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street, Fort
Mumbai - 400 001
Scrip Code: 531595
The Secretary
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
Plot No- 'C' Block, G Block
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)
Mumbai – 400 051
Scrip Code: CGCL
Sub:
Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements),
Regulations, 2015, regarding Q2 FY24 Earnings Call - Revised Transcript
Dear Sir /Madam,
We wish to inform you that the company has vide its letter dated October 28, 2023, informed the
exchange about intimating schedule of the Earnings Conference Call on November 02, 2023 to discuss the
Company’s Q2 FY24 Earnings, we are attaching herewith the revised transcript of the said Conference Call.
The above is for your information and dissemination to all the stakeholders.
Thanking you,
Yours faithfully,
for Capri Global Capital Limited
Yashesh Bhatt
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No.: ACS 20491
Encl.: As above
YASHESH 
PANKAJ BHATT
Digitally signed by YASHESH PANKAJ BHATT 
DN: c=IN, st=Maharashtra, 
2.5.4.20=b3e7ea901c9a729b6569714909dc863465c42a
6ccee67d63a046221ffe69079d, postalCode=400101, 
street=601 Gurukrupa Nathjidwar Co op scty ltd Ashok 
nagar cross road 3 Kandivali East, 
pseudonym=1849f84eabdeea8eb673f7cf6edfd821, 
serialNumber=6cf397ef478005ac82073195cebc3c26bc
9eaf314477eccca9d035912ec460db, o=Personal, 
cn=YASHESH PANKAJ BHATT 
Date: 2023.11.09 12:36:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
 
Indian Numbering System Legend 
₹ 10 Lakhs  
 
= ₹ 1Mn 
₹ 1 Crore  
 
= ₹ 10Mn 
₹ 100 Crores  
 
= ₹ 1Bn 
₹ 1 Lakh Crore  
 
= ₹ 1Tn 
 
NOTE:  
1) 
This transcript has been edited for lucid reading. To that extent, this is not a verbatim transcription of 
the audio transcript.  
2) 
Factual correction/s are superscripted at relevant places in the transcript and are explained in 
footnote/s.  
3) 
Recurring terms like ‘Year-on-Year’, ‘Quarter-on-Quarter’, basis (referring to basis points) in the audio 
transcript have been shrunk to ‘YoY’, ‘QoQ’, and ‘bps’ respectively. 
4) 
Wherever needed, emphasis is added in brackets (in italics) for better clarity. 
5) 
For uniformity with reporting format, values referred to in crores in the audio transcript have been 
converted to billions or millions in this text transcript. 
 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 2, 2023 
 
Management 
Mr. Rajesh Sharma, Founder & Managing Director 
Mr. Partha Chakraborti, CFO 
Mr. Sanjeev Srivastava, CRO 
Mr. Ravikant Bhat, Sr. VP (Investor Relations) 
 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ravikant Bhat from Capri Global Capital 
Limited. Thank you, and over to you, Sir. 
Ravikant Bhat: 
Good morning, everyone. This is Ravikant. I shall read out a brief disclaimer for 
today's call. The discussion on today's call regarding CGCL's earnings 
performance will be based on judgments derived from the declared results and 
information regarding the business opportunity available to the company at this 
time. The company's performance is subject to risks, uncertainties, and 
assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially in the future. 
Given these uncertainties and other factors, participants on today's call may 
observe due caution while interpreting the results. 
 
The full disclaimer is available on Slide 43 of Q2 FY24 investor deck. Participants 
are requested to note the same. 
 
I now request our MD, Mr. Rajesh Sharma, to present the opening remarks. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Good afternoon, friends, and season's greetings to all on the call. We declared 
our reviewed consolidated results for Q2 FY24 on Tuesday, 31st October 2023. I 
hope you had a chance to go through the investor deck. 
 
In our discussions post Q1 FY24 earnings, we stated we had made a sound start 
to FY24 with a healthy business and earnings momentum. I shall revisit some of 
the discussion of the business in Q1 FY24 and also provide a perspective on our 
Q2 FY24 earnings. 
 
Please refer to Slides 4, 5, and 6. After a lean Q1 FY24, our disbursal momentum 
picked up in a strong manner in Q2 FY24. Disbursals increased 130% YoY and 
31% on QoQ to ₹35.3 billion. Disbursal momentum was dominated by Gold and 
Housing business, which contributed 66% of incremental disbursals. MSME 
picked up pace, increasing 12% QoQ to ₹3.7 billion. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
Excluding Gold Loans, our disbursals increased 35% YoY. Construction Finance 
maintained pace, although the disbursals were unchanged YoY at ₹4.1 billion. 
The AUM momentum continued to be robust, increasing 59% YoY to ₹123.6 
billion in Q2 FY24. AUM, excluding Gold Loans, increased 35% YoY and 7% 
QoQ. 
 
Share of Gold Loans continued to increase, rising to 16% at AUM compared to 
14% in Q1 FY24 and 2% in Q2 FY23. We expect our Gold Loan AUM to touch or 
cross ₹30 billion by the end of this year, which could be 20% of AUM assuming 
we sustain a 50% momentum in the overall AUM growth. Our AUM includes the 
co-lending AUM of ₹9.7 billion, which is up 4x YoY and 40% QoQ and constitutes 
8% of AUM. We started co-lending under Gold Loans during Q2 FY24 and 
currently have tie-ups with two commercial banks. On Slide 5, we have 
introduced new charts to show the journey of our co-lending business across 
MSME, Housing, and Gold Loan segments. 
 
We have reported a 16% YoY and 3% QoQ increase in our net profit to ₹652 
million. To fully understand the earnings, let me first start with core earnings. Our 
net interest income increased 63% YoY and 5% QoQ to ₹2,493 million. The QoQ 
growth momentum of net interest income was softer owing to spreads 
movement. 
 
Our weighted average yield on advances declined 13 basis QoQ to 15.58% in 
Q2 FY24 from 15.7% in Q1 FY24, while the cost of funds an increased 21 basis 
QoQ to 8.93%. The increase in cost of funds was in line with the increase in 
MCLR-linked commercial bank borrowings that constitute 87% of our 
borrowings. This led to a spread compression, as highlighted in Slide 17. 
 
While our consolidated cost of borrowings is competitive, given the overall 
passthroughs that are happening in the cost of money across the banking 
system, we expect our cost of borrowing to also go up some more during H2 
FY24. Some of the cost increases are expected to be compensated by an 
improving mix of higher-yielding loans. 
 
The share of our non-interest income in net income declined marginally to 24.3% 
from 25% In Q1 FY24 primarily on account of some changing dynamics in the car 
loan business. However, the non-car fee income and co-lending income picked 
up in-line with the growth in lending business, increasing 22% QoQ and 86% 
YoY. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Although car loan originations are up on the path to cross ₹100 billion total 
originations during FY24, net fee income is expected to be soft due to 
competitive intensity. We will continue to gain market share in the origination 
market.  
 
The cost-to-income ratio slightly increased to 66.9% in Q2 FY24 from 66.0% in 
Q1 FY24. The cost-to-income ratio, excluding Gold Loan business, was 51.0%, 
broadly stable QoQ. 
 
The adjusted cost-to-income ratio is marginally higher than 48% we reported in 
FY24. As we have been stating, the cost-to-income ratio should improve as we 
expect earnings to pick up faster relative to operating expenses during H2 FY24. 
 
Our gold loan network touched 742 branches in September 30, 2023. We had 
possession of a few more branches, which were yet to go live. With that, we have 
reached the initial target of 750 gold loan branches for H1 FY24. We shall be 
pausing the branch addition in Gold Loan business in H2 FY24. As I stated 
earlier, we expect this to aid in improving our cost/income ratio in H2 FY24. 
 
Our GNPA ratio stood at 1.93%, 4 bps higher than Q1 FY24, but substantially 
lower than 2.36% we reported in Q2 FY23. The PCR on Stage-3 assets improved 
to 32.3%, primarily on account of proactive provisioning. We are inclined to 
improve the PCR further. Our credit cost stood at ₹239 million, which was higher 
than ₹112 million in Q4 FY23, but marginally lower than ₹246 million we 
reported in Q1 FY23. As highlighted on Slide 13, the average credit cost in 
trailing-five quarters is ₹176 million. 
 
During Q1 FY24, we made some accelerated provisioning on three construction 
finance exposures to a single entity amounting to ₹160 million. This was 
restructured and classified as NPA, attracting a provision of ₹50 million or 31% of 
exposure. We have further increased the provisioning on the same, taking the 
provision coverage ratio to 87% on Construction Finance and Indirect Lending 
portfolio. Recovery efforts are underway and like past instances, we are confident 
of fully recovering the outstanding amounts. 
 
Our credit cost to Average AUM ratio was 78 bps annualized in Q2 FY24 
compared to 89 bps in Q1 FY24. This is in-line with our pre-COVID long-term 
trend. We have reported 2.1% ROA and 7.1% ROE in Q2 FY24. Excluding the 
losses in the Gold Loan business, our ROA and ROE would have been 2.8% and 
9.5% respectively. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
As we move towards the break-even in Gold Loan business, our profitability 
should substantially increase, especially in H2 FY24. There shall also be 
additional drivers like the absence of one-off adjustments that shall contribute to 
the profit momentum. To conclude, I would say we remain on a path of strong 
growth and profitability in FY24. 
 
With that, I conclude my remarks. We shall now take questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Mr. Bunty Chawla from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead, Sir. 
Bunty Chawla: 
In the opening comments, you said there has been a pressure on the spreads or 
on the yields due to the competition. Can you elaborate which segment we are 
seeing more pressure? Is it MSME? Is it Gold? Or is it Housing? And going 
forward what will be the sustainable yields for these segments? And similarly, 
what will be the cost of funds? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
If we see on an overall basis, our yield on advances was 15.7% in Q1 FY24, which 
has come down to 15.6% and thereby resulting in a spread compression of 
40bps from 7.0% to 6.6%, primarily because a lot of Construction Finance 
portfolio has been pre-paid and the new loans are happening at lower rate of 
interest. We have seen because of faster sale of inventory in those accounts, 
there's a faster pre-payment and repayment and thereby, the new portfolio, 
because of competition, is happening at a lower rate of interest. 
 
And there, we have seen that our spreads come down. But in H2 FY24, we 
believe that Gold Loan share will go up in overall portfolio. That will improve the 
overall yield on advances. And we also feel that our cost of funds, which is 
another factor which has gone up by 21bps, we should be able to pass on in 
incremental lending better. So that should improve our overall spreads. 
Bunty Chawla: 
So can we say the 6.6% spread, which you have reported in Q2, should be 
sustainable for second half of the year? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
6.6% is definitely sustainable. We still expect this to slightly better because our 
current AUM of ₹20 bn Gold Loan will increase to ₹30 bn. Gold Loan AUM 
should increase the yield in the mix because that is the highest-yielding product 
in our overall portfolio. That will also improve the overall yield on advances. 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Bunty Chawla: 
So it's purely on the Construction Finance we have got the impact on the yields 
and no more in Gold Loan or Housing, we don't have any competitive pressure, 
right? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Suppose we remove the Construction Finance portfolio from this calculation, 
then our yield would have become better by 3bps1. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. So similarly, can you share your thoughts on the cost of funds going 
forward? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think cost of fund is largely market driven. Unless there is a change in the credit 
rating of the company, we will continue to be in the same bracket of the cost of 
fund. But certain MCLRs on old loans are going to reset. So there we will see cost 
of funds go up but that will not be more than 10bps. However, we will be able to 
pass on this increased cost of funds to our incremental lending. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Secondly, Sir, there has been a higher credit cost. You rightly said that was 
because we have taken a proactive step in increasing the provisioning. But if you 
see the provisioning, still it's kind of a 32%. How much are we targeting to 
increase this PCR level? Because what we have observed in other medium or 
large-sized NBFCs, they have a PCR on Stage-3 of 40%+. Some have 45%, some 
have 40%, some are at 50%. So where are we targeting to reach our PCR and 
how will this impact the credit cost going forward for us? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We will increase this PCR in a gradual manner, in-line with what I think the market 
expects and in-line with the best practices. But if you look at it, our portfolio is a 
little differentiated from many others who have a higher PCR because our 
portfolio is completely collateralized either by gold or by self-occupied house or 
by self-occupied business premises. However, with a conservative approach, if 
you see the PCR last quarter, it was 27.8%, now it has gone to 32.2%, already 
448bps, PCR has been increased and gradually will increase. We don't want to 
give a level at the moment, but we will keep increasing it QoQ and stabilize 
somewhere around 37% to 40%. 
_________________________ 
1. This should be read as follows: 'Had the yield on our Construction Finance portfolio stayed unchanged, our 
weighted average yield on advances would have Increased 3bps QoQ' 
 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay, Sir. And lastly on Gold Loans, as you have shared that we have touched 
almost 750 branches. So no more increase in your branches in a shorter period 
of time. So how one should see the Gold Loan growth going forward? Because 
until now, the branch increase was supporting higher Gold Loan growth. So how 
we should see the Gold Loan growth going forward? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Gold Loan business, as I said, from current AUM of about ₹20 bn in Sep'23, we 
expect it to close about ₹30 bn by Mar'24. And by then, all our branches, which 
were contributing losses because they were in the investment phase, will achieve 
break-even. They will start contributing to profitability in the last quarter. So next 
year, again, we will draw a plan to add some more branches. That plan is not yet 
firmed up - how many branches, where they will be opening etc. We will 
deliberate that somewhat in the next quarter and then we will implement in the 
first quarter of the new financial year. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Can you share the ballpark Gold Loan AUM growth for next two to three years, 
how it should shape out? Ballpark number, roughly. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Ballpark number, you can imagine from ₹30 bn, we should be able to reach 
almost 30%, 35% growth for the next two years, even if we don't open new 
branches. But we are going to add branches. I said we are not -- but definitely 
30% to 35% growth we are going to achieve. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mr. Priyesh Jain from HSBC. Please go ahead, 
Sir. 
Priyesh Jain: 
Sir, we are noticing that there is a steady increase in the co-lending share. I have 
some questions regarding that. I want to understand how different is the 
customer profile under the co-lending book versus the on-book loans? If you 
could throw some light on that. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Under co-lending, we are doing MSME, home loan, and gold loans. When we do 
the loan, we do the loan as if we are going to keep it in our book. Thereafter, we 
run the data - our data teams have made a program where we say (check), which 
bank qualifies for which pool. And accordingly, we give those pools to those 
banks. But there's no specific program we carry out under co-lending. It is our 
product policy and the same is adopted by the bank also. So, there is no specific 
origination or underwriting done targeting that this should go in co-lending. In 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
routine course, our portfolio, whatever gets qualified, we place under the co-
lending. 
Priyesh Jain: 
Fair enough, Sir. I'm just trying to understand, like I'm trying to get a flavor of the 
co-lending book versus the regular book. So maybe if you could like -- what I 
understand is there are not any specific products being made or co-created 
specifically for such co-lending partners. But there might be some filters and, 
ultimately, the book that they get is different. Like what is the differences 
between that book and our book? Maybe there could be any differences in the 
loan characteristic or something in terms of interest rates or ticket size or tenure 
or things like that. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
No, no, no. It is like this -- when we sign the co-lending partnership, our product 
is aligned first. And within that, they keep a criterion. Suppose sometimes, say, I 
(i.e. the bank) will take (accept) a CIBIL score of 750, somebody will say 700, 
somebody will say loan to value, I will give 75%, somebody will say I will give 
80%. These are the variations every bank has. But we have our own policy. 
 
Our portfolio meets their criteria. Whatever the pool and the specific loan 
account meets the criteria, those are placed under co-lending. But when we 
onboard the customer, we onboard the customer as if we have to underwrite and 
we have to collect it back. So the underwriter and branch doesn't know whom to 
originate, whether for co-lending or not. It happens after the customer is 
onboarded and then we put the filter and, accordingly, we show it to our partner 
banks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Jai from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead, Sir. 
Jai: 
Our co-lending contribution has increased consistently over the past few 
quarters. And Sir, what could be the sustainable level here in each business 
segment of SME, housing finance and gold finance? And what is their 
incremental focus in this -- amongst these business segments for co-lending? 
Moderator: 
Sir, could you speak a little bit louder and request you to please repeat your 
question? 
Jai: 
Our co-lending contribution has increased over the past few quarters. What 
could be a sustainable level here? And incrementally, on which segment you 
could be focusing more? Will it be MSME or housing finance? 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Rajesh Sharma: 
We have co-lending partnerships across MSME, home loans, and gold loans. 
And we feel that co-lending under the gold loan will increase as compared to the 
two other products. The growth is happening in the gold loan. So there, 
substantial co-lending is expected to happen. We expect that out of ₹30bn, at 
least 20% book will go under the co-lending. That is the target we are chasing. 
 
Of course, it depends also on the banks to grant the facilities and all, but we are 
hopeful to achieve that. MSME and the home loan put together are happening 
month-on-month on a regular basis. And I think that is happening at the pace of 
₹400mn to ₹500mn a month. And with that pace, that will continue. However, 
sometimes even we also -- these are based on our pricing, our overall 
contribution basis. So sometimes you slow it down, sometimes we increase it 
based on what pricing criteria we are getting from the partner banks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Anuj Mohata from Equirus 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Anuj Mohata: 
Congratulations for a good set of numbers. I just wanted to ask like you have 
highlighted in your opening remarks that H2 will be better in terms of 
disbursement. But given that our share -- that our portfolio mix is more focused 
towards rural and semi-urban area, and there, we are seeing some challenges 
due to rising inflation, how do you see the demand trend ending up in the H2? 
And how will it affect our disbursement going forward? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
I think the way we are seeing, there is no lack or slowing down of demand in Tier 
2, Tier 3 towns where our MSME, home loan, and gold loans are happening. We 
clearly see that there's adequate demand at a particular level. And we hope to 
see that Q2 will be -- is traditionally happening for all lending businesses. We say 
this year also, we expect our H2 to be much higher in terms of volume, in terms 
of better contribution because there's adequate demand on the ground. So we 
have not seen any slowing down of the demand of the loan. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Satyaprakash from Haitong 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Satyaprakash: 
Sir, congratulations for the good set of numbers. My question is on the new 
subsidiary that we have incorporated, Capri Loans Car Platform. Would all the car 
loan business going to be carried from this? And are you planning to list this 
business separately? Any specific reason for that? 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Since that business is now getting to a size where we have already done about 
₹45bn originations and I think this year, we will do about ₹100 bn number. We 
will be financing about 80,000-plus cars through our network. And this business 
requires a separate thrust on technology side. And we have a couple of other 
plans in that business. So we believe that the distribution piece of car should be 
separate. 
 
On back of the car loan distribution, we have now also started selling insurance 
to those customers. So to bring that separate, first, supervisory and a separate 
profitability, we have taken that, formed the new company, where all the 
empanelments and partnerships with banks will be shifted. 
 
While economic interest is consolidated to the level that comes to the company, 
but there will be a separate Business Head, separate Head of Acquisition, 
Network, for technology there will be a separate CTO and data science team. So 
I think to bring more focus on that business and to build the distribution around 
that, a separate SPV has been carved out. And you will see that next year, there 
will be enhanced effort on building that brand separately. 
Satyaprakash: 
Okay. Sir, one more question, if I may ask. Even if we adjust for the gold loan 
business, our cost to income is almost at 50%, as mentioned in the presentation. 
Also, it is majorly attributed to the increased digital spending. Any other reason 
when can we expect this to normalize? Would we see it going in range of 35% to 
40% in the near future? 
Rajesh Sharma: 
There's a lot of spending happening on the technology team. We are about 125-
people team in the technology and data science. So that result will also once our 
new technology platform is launched in the target date in April 2024. And there 
will be some more addition to that, which we'll complete in the next three to six 
months. So by September (2024), our technology piece should be, by and large, 
up, and running in its full force with the revised mortgage tech and property 
tech. And with that, there will be two impacts. 
 
One is the productivity of the team will improve. So the same amount of people 
will be able to disburse higher, thereby increasing the overall contribution. And 
two, there will be lesser spending going forward after September 2024 on the 
technology side. So overall, efficiency will improve and cost will also come down. 
So that should bring our cost-to-income ratio down. Now whether cost-to-
income ratio will come down to 45% or 40%, I won’t able to comment yet. But 

 
 
  
Capri Global Capital Limited 
Q2 FY24 Concall Transcript | November 2, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
definitely, next year, you will see a remarkable difference in the cost/income 
ratio. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference 
to the management for closing comments. 
Rajesh Sharma: 
Yes, thank you. So as stated during the call and the Q&A session, we'll continue 
to build our distribution through branches. Already 917 branches are up and 
running. And we have also focused on distributing insurance product and car 
loan distribution, which will enhance our fee income and support our ROE. 
 
Our gold loan branches will start contributing (profit) from the last quarter 
onwards. And there will be substantial profitability coming in the next year 
onwards. So, we are quite hopeful that with the launch of our new technology 
initiative, new loan origination system and Oracle FLEXCUBE core banking 
system becoming fully operational by March 2024, all these shall contribute to 
lowering cost/income ratio and a very high growth. 
 
As you have seen, we are growing at the pace of about 50% on AUM basis. That 
growth, coupled with the lower cost/income ratio and better tech initiative, 
company is on the path to achieve a better profitability. And our asset quality on 
an overall basis is still  very much under control. We are in a collateralized 
lending portfolio. 
 
We clearly see that when economy is growing, there's a clear demand that's 
happening on the ground, and we should reap the benefit of our branch network 
to build a quality, profitable portfolio along the way. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
*** 
