 
 
29th November, 2023 
 
Mr. K Hari  
 
 
 
 
   The General Manager, DCS-CRD 
The National Stock Exchange of  
 
   Corporate Relationship Dept., 
India Limited,   
 
 
        
   Bombay Stock Exchange limited, 
‘Exchange Plaza’, 
 
 
 
   Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),         
   Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 051.   
    
        
   Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Conference Call held on 9th November, 2023.  
 
Please find attached herewith the transcript of the conference call for investors and 
analysts held by Venky’s (India) Limited on Thursday, 9th November, 2023 at 02.30 P.M. 
IST.  
 
Kindly take the said information on your record and acknowledge the receipt. 
 
 
FOR VENKY'S (INDIA) LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
ROHAN BHAGWAT 
COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
 
Encl:  As above 
Rohan Ajay 
Bhagwat
Digitally signed by 
Rohan Ajay Bhagwat 
Date: 2023.11.29 
15:51:46 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Venky's Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. N. K. TOSHNIWAL – GENERAL MANAGER, OIL 
SEED SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
DR. VIJAY TIJARE – GENERAL MANAGER, POULTRY 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
DR. P. G. PEDGAONKAR – POULTRY SEGMENT – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK KHOSLA – GENERAL MANAGER, AHP 
SEGMENT – VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. J. K. HANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
MR. ROHAN BHAGWAT – COMPANY SECRETARY – 
VENKY'S LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NILESH PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Venky's Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over 
to you, Mr. Patil. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Thanks, Michelle. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q2 and H1 FY24 
Results Conference Call of Venky's India Limited. We have with us Senior Management 
represented by Mr. N.K. Toshniwal, General Manager, Oil Seed Segment, Dr. Vijay Tijare, 
General Manager, Poultry Segment, and Dr. P. G. Pedgaonkar, Authorized Person, Poultry 
Segment, Dr. Deepak Khosla, General Manager, AHP Segment, Dr. J. K. Handa, Chief 
Financial Officer, and Mr. Rohan Bhagwat, Company Secretary, Accounts and Finance. Now I 
hand over the call to the management team for their initial comments and then we will open 
the floor for question and answer session. Thanks and over to you, sir. 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Thank you, Mr. Nilesh. I am Rohan Bhagwat, Company Secretary, Venky's India Limited. A 
very good afternoon and thank you all for joining us today for the conference call of Venky's 
India Limited. 
 
The company had published financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th 
September 2023 along with information for investors on 7th November. I hope you all have 
gone through the same. Today we have with us the unit heads to answer all your queries in 
respect of their respective segments and the area of operations. 
 
Before we start discussing the company's performance, I would like to mention that some 
statements made in today's discussion may be forward looking in nature and may involve risks 
and uncertainties. After the end of this call, in case you have any further questions, please feel 
free to reach out to the investor relations team. I will now hand over the call to Mr. Jeevan 
Handa, our CFO, to make the opening comments. Over to you, Mr. Handa. 
J K Handa: 
Good afternoon and a very warm welcome. I am Jeevan Handa, CFO. Once again, I am 
pleased to interact with all of you on the Venky's Earning Calls. I hope you have gone through 
the quarterly results and also the information to investors. 
 
We are always trying to give as much information as possible to our investors and I hope you 
are satisfied with our approach. As you all have seen from the published results, the overall 
financial performance of Venky's for the quarter ended 30th September 2023 has been much 
better as compared to the quarter ended 30th September 2022. After witnessing a subdued 
performance in terms of realisation in the month of July 2023, the poultry and poultry product 
segment performance improved in August and September, during which this segment has been 
improved realisations from the sale of day-old chicks and grown-up broilers. 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 3 of 13 
 
 
Profit margins of this segment has also improved due to lower cost of maize and soya as 
compared to the second quarter last year. The animal health product segment and the oil feed 
segment performed in a satisfactory way. Coming to the current quarter, though there is a fall 
in the realisations for the poultry products, we are hoping that the trend will be reversed from 
the end of November by which the fasting period and other religious festivals would have been 
over. 
 
Thereafter, we are hoping that the consumption will start improving, thereby improving in our 
realisation as well. With this briefing, we now would like to answer your questions. You may 
please go ahead with your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Viraj Mehta from Equirus PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Hi sir. Congratulations for a good set of numbers. Sir, my first question is, if you look at the 
general trend of day-old chicks or if you look at the pricing in the other segments, the prices 
have significantly fallen post September, in October and in the first week of November by 
almost 25% to 30% as per our understanding. Can you corroborate those numbers and if that is 
the case, then do we go back to Q1 kind of margins? 
Management: 
In fact, yes, as regards to your question, the chick prices, what was there in first quarter and the 
chick prices what was there in second quarter. In fact, the second quarter as traditionally is 
weak. However, the second quarter was different from August 15 onwards. 
 
So, the prices started improving from August 15 onwards and the chick price was 
comparatively better from August 15 onwards till October end. So, put together, the realization 
of chick has improved. However, chick price is directly correlated with the bird price. 
 
Since the bird price started sliding down, the chick price also has shown the similar effect. So, 
the chick price and bird price was more or less having the similar trend of downwards from 
15th to 20th October onwards. So, we expect that this trend is likely to reverse because bird 
prices as is mentioned in earlier remark of our CFO, the bird price is likely to improve by end 
of November. So, the similar trend is expected to be followed by chicks as well as broiler 
hatching. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay. And sir, can you throw a bit of light in terms of, if you look at our longer term averages 
of margins in our poultry segment itself, even in the best of the time, like let's say even in last 
quarter, we are way away from our longer term averages. In your view, by what time can we 
return to longer term average margins for our poultry segment? 
Management: 
In terms of poultry, if we see last few quarters, few years, few quarters, I mean traditionally Q1 
is comparatively better compared to Q2. However, trend is not the similar as far as Q, I mean 
FY23-24 is concerned. So, it is directly related to the feed prices. 
 
So, if we see in terms of margin, whenever the feed prices are less, that time the margin 
percentage is comparatively higher. And as it is evident that compared to last year's first six 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 4 of 13 
 
months versus this year's first six months, feed prices are quite comfortable. So, the margin 
percentage has gone up. 
 
So, similar trend is also expected. However, it all depends on the overall range all over India, 
the likely output of maize as well as soya. As far as initial figures are concerned, the sowing 
was less and it is expected that the 10%-15% as of now the sowing percentage has gone down. 
 
But the final figures are expected and by end of November, we are expecting that this should 
cross to the last year's figures of maize and soya. So, we expect that the overall margin is likely 
to be retained or would be better with regard to feed prices going down. But I think we have to 
wait till November 8 for the final figures to come and the final output of soya and maize to 
come. 
Viraj Mehta: 
And, sir, what has been our volume growth in the first half and in this quarter, please, on a Y-
o-Y basis? 
J K Handa: 
In regard to the volume of layer chicks, broiler chicks, broiler hatching eggs, and severe birds, 
we are having the birds constant. I mean, last year, the quantity sold in last year versus this is 
almost the same. And even we are having the packed production for the remaining period of 
this coming quarter as well as the next quarter also. So, the volume is not a constraint. We are 
having empty sufficient numbers to sell.  
Viraj Mehta: 
Right. And, sir, are we seeing, my last question would be, are we seeing any improvement in 
our agro business, in our oil business? Is there any improvement in margins that we can expect 
from Q3? 
Management: 
Sir, in oilseed segment, you see the edible oil prices are pressed almost by 50% from its 
highest level. Right. And the raw material is controlled by the minimum support price by the 
government. And we do not see until this final elections are over in May, we do not think that 
government will impose the import duty on edible oil. As of today, the duty is nil on the 
imports of oil. Unless and until the duties are improved, we are likely to see the margin will be 
under constraint only. 
Viraj Mehta: 
Okay, sir. Thank you and good luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-
Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I am trying to understand that, what is -- what was our average broiler realization during 
FY '23, during first quarter and second quarter and what is it currently and what is the 
breakeven level for us for broiler meat? 
J K Handa: 
As far as the broiler prices is concerned, for the first six months, this current year, the broiler 
prices is INR 88.17 is the realization in comparison to last year, it was INR 96.74. So, the 
realization is on the lower side by almost INR 8.57 over the six-month period, this year versus 
corresponding period. In regard to the broiler chicks, the old chicks, prices in this quarter, six 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 5 of 13 
 
months, it is INR 28.01 against previous period is INR 25. So, there is a up of INR3.01 in the 
broiler chicks price. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, what are these prices currently of broiler as well as chicks? 
J K Handa: 
As far as the current prices are concerned for broiler bird, it is a ranging, current prices is INR 
62 to INR 64 in the northern region wherein Venky is having the production for sale. As far as 
the broiler chicks is concerned, the current prices are almost INR 32 per bird.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, so are we breaking even on the overall basis in our poultry segment? 
J K Handa: 
In the current month, it is not, but likely to improve after third week or fourth, last week of 
November onward after this Diwali festival as well as the Chhath Puja, when the consumption 
will start moving positively. And the trend is also showing. The lowest prices of broiler chicks 
was INR 22 which has increased to INR32 to INR34 as of today. 
 
And similar is the broiler bird price which was also almost INR58 to INR60 which has grown 
up to INR64 to INR66. The trend is positive, which will continue from the fourth week onward 
as per our expectation. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, also if you could give us some idea about the movement of feed prices during the first half 
and currently? 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Just a moment, we will give the data. 
J K Handa: 
As far as the feed prices are concerned, feed prices up to September closing the feed prices 
which includes the soya and maize was on the lower side in regard to the corresponding 
period. But from October onward, since the festivals are there, Dussehra as well as the Diwali, 
so lot of constraints are there on account of the transportation, labour, movement and all. 
 
So the prices are on the higher side in regard to soya and maize and which is likely to be there 
because the alternative resources of ingredients like bajra and rice and all due to the MSP and 
all, so that there would be a pressure on the maize, major ingredients. So prices are going to 
increase to the extent. It may not be the lower side in the days to come. But from February-
March onward, since the new crop will join in the Bihar region but in the Maharashtra also, in 
other pockets wherein the small production is there, it may be stable but it's likely to be upside. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, during the last con call in May, you had indicated that we were expecting a volume 
growth of around 7%- 10% in oilseeds, 8%- 10% in poultry and 15%- 17% in animal health 
products for FY '24 year onward. Sir, so now that half year has passed, would you like to 
revise your volume guidance? 
Management: 
Oilseed, we will be trying to make the volume side consistent like last year and we do not see 
any growth because edible oil prices are under severe problem. They have almost crashed by 
50%. So we are finding it difficult to maintain even the same level but we are sure that we will 
maintain, we will achieve the last year's volume this year also but growth is not possible. 
Keshav Garg: 
And sir, what about the poultry and animal health product volume growth? 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 6 of 13 
 
J K Handa: 
In terms of broiler chicks, this six-month period, we sold broiler chicks to the extent of 
INR5.21 crores. Against corresponding period, it was INR6.15 crores. So there was little on 
the lower side quantity sold, which is likely to be up in the remaining period because that is the 
consumption period and likely to be more placed as far as numbers are concerned. During the 
first six months, we sold almost INR4.16 crores, kgs material sold.  
 
Against corresponding period was INR3.91 crores material which is likely to be increased 
during the coming quarter as well as in further, I mean last quarter because this is again a 
consumption period month so everybody will like to have more birds and more quantity 
available for sale in comparison to the first half. 
Deepak Khosla: 
And for animal health product lines, Deepak Khosla here, we are around 12% growth as 
compared to last year six months versus this YTD six months and we would like to see the 
same growth for the balance six months.  
Keshav Garg: 
Great sir. Sir, just one suggestion sir, if you could just mention the broiler chick volume as 
well as the realizations in your investor presentation sir, then the time can be better utilized on 
other aspects of the business and lastly sir, in the AGM you had told us that, the receivables 
will come down significantly but sir, we see even though the revenues have declined, the 
receivables have gone up marginally. So sir, when can these receivables come down? 
J K Handa: 
We are very much working on this particular area which is a matter of concern. Even last time 
also, you raised this question and the management and the entire team is working on this issue 
for the reduction of the out-standing in domestic market as well as in-house also. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted some more clarification on the feed prices. We 
have come to know from some of the external resources that there is some volatility expected 
in the feed prices. As such, most of the companies have indicated a stable outlook but could 
you please elaborate a bit on your outlook on the feed prices, please? 
Management: 
The feed prices, we are likely to see it will be more stable because maize and soya, they are 
two main ingredients which might face a little bit upward trend but rest of the other ingredients 
like the energy source like oil, like vitamins and other factors, they are quite lower side. So 
overall, we do not see the feed going to be higher than as of today. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes, okay, thanks. And we said that volume growth is not possible into oilseed business on 
account of price drops and that of a huge quantum. So could you please elaborate a bit more on 
that front? 
Management: 
See, what has happened, the internationally edible oil prices have crashed and India, because 
of the inflation rate, we are allowing at a much lower duty the imports of the oil just to keep 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 7 of 13 
 
the inflation into a check. And another side, the local, the raw material, they are governed by 
the MSP prices. So the MSP prices keep going up every year. 
 
Today now we are in a situation where at this current MSP and with current oil prices, it is not 
workable, profitable. And up to May, until the elections are over, we do not see government 
revising their duty on edible oil imports on upper side because of the election regions and 
because they want to keep until the inflation is also in the check. 
 
So we feel up to March, I think we will have a pressure on the margins and volume also. But 
after that, yes, this is our strength area. And whenever the market little bit picks up, we will 
become much more stronger than today. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes, thanks. Thanks a lot for the information. And the other question that I had is on your 
borrowing position. So when I look at from 2019 onwards, so it has come down. But over the 
last couple of years, it is now kind of stabilizing around INR180 crores odd. So what kind of 
outlook do you have on your borrowings? So do we expect some of it kind of lessening or 
what kind of outlook do you have on borrowings? 
J K Handa: 
Yes. In this quarter ended September '23, the total borrowings is INR170 crores. Against 
corresponding September '22, it was INR197.74 crores. So earlier, the term loan component 
was there for the animal health product division, the new project which is coming up, so which 
is also -- SPF project that is paid off. And for AHP, Animal Health Product, we have not taken 
the loan from outside sources. It was accruals only. So all the term loan component is over. 
 
This INR170 crores is related to the working capital limits only, which is spread into the 
different zones and locations for the different businesses. So in any case, this is the minimum 
number of working capital facilities which will be there. It is not going to get down further to 
the major extent. 
Nilesh Patil: 
Yes. Okay. Thank you. And on the capex front, in the last call, we had mentioned that we have 
started one project on animal health care, which is estimated to cost about INR50 odd crores 
rupees. So what is the progress on that? And could you please indicate some of the, you can 
say, target for FY25? 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Yes. So what happens, this project is likely to be completed earlier by June. But by December, 
overall, the regulatory compliance will be completed. And last quarter of this financial year, 
the production will start moving from that particular unit. And this particular plant will be 
dedicated for the treatment segment of the poultry, which is a very important area and product 
mix which is required for this line. This will definitely give us an edge in the coming financial 
years.   
J K Handa: 
Thank you. In regard to the capitalization of the project, the total project cost was INR67 
crores. So all capitalization is already over. So which is met from the internal accruals only. So 
nothing is left out as far as the capitalization is concerned, only the regulatory part is pending. 
So mostly it is going to be started by December 23 onwards. 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Harsh Mantri from Flute Aura Enterprises, Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Hi, sir. Congratulations on both set of numbers. Sir, continuing the previous question only on 
the capex cycle. So what are the future plans for capex? Because given the industry dynamics 
are rising in the regular component, which can fluctuate the revenue as well as the margins. So 
what we are doing in terms of further increasing our top line growth? 
J K Handa: 
In regard to the capitalization, in the next two to three years, there is not having a major project 
which is to be having the capitalization. As far as the capacity is concerned, we are having 
ample capacity on account of our layer segment, for broiler segment, for seed milling capacity, 
for SPFX, for AHP, for oil seed, and all the segments are having ample capacity which is yet 
to be fulfilled in the days to come or years to come. 
 
So there is absolutely no need to do the capitalization except the INR40 crores, INR50 crores 
for the existing units which are there for poultry, in all the units. That may be a normal 
capitalization which shall be incurred from the internal accruals only. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Sir, and what are our current capacity utilization levels? Segment-wise, I may ask? 
J K Handa: 
Okay. As far as the broiler is concerned, for the laying capacity, it is utilized in this quarter, 
September. It is to the extent of 74% utilization. In regard to the laying capacity, it is 57% 
utilization. In regard to the feed mill, it is 37% utilization. In regard to the SPFX, it is 59% 
utilization. In regard to the AHP and other I mean, animal health products, and the liquid and 
powder put together, it is almost 90% utilization. But the new project will come, so there will 
be an increase in the available capacity to utilize. In regard to the oil segment, again it is 62% 
utilization, and the remaining is yet to be utilized.   
Harsh Mantri: 
Okay, sir. So we have ample opportunity in CAPH terms to cater the further demands. 
J K Handa: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. 
Harsh Mantri: 
And sir, the new plant which will be coming live in December -- after December, what 
revenue addition we can expect from it, and what would be the capital consumption from the 
same for poultry? 
Management: 
In this new project, first thing, this project will be as per the regulatory compliance which is 
required by the Government of India, that's very important. As compared to the previous plant 
and this plant, regulatory compliance will be there. Then it will give us additional volume, at 
least 15%, 18% in the next financial year, to give us a little boost with the availability and with 
this extra capacity. Yes. Thank you. 
J K Handa: 
In regard to the capacity utilization, out of the total AHP segment, 43% is the in-house, outside 
sale and 57% is the in-house sale. 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Harsh Mantri: 
And one more question in regards to our franchising company on outlets and Venky's Express 
and Experience. So what are the current levels and how we are looking forward to expand that 
segment? Some special incentives from management to focus on this? 
Management: 
Yes. Presently we have 14 Venky's Express outlets and we have franchises outlet 38. And 
some new outlets for franchising is likely to come up in the next one month. And to focus on 
these outlets and the business of fast food restaurant chain, now we are working on the 
introduction of certain new products which will be more appreciable. Of course, we 
continuously keep on introducing the new products and we are working on that. Likely, we 
will be introducing these products in the next 2 to 3 months. And we expect good growth with 
the introduction of new products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pankaj from Equiris Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Pankaj: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I just want to know what is the current feed conversion ratio for 
boiler and layer chicken? For current, is there any material change in comparison to previous 
year? 
Management: 
Yes, there is a tremendous improvement as far as efficiency part is concerned. I mean, most of 
the credit goes to the genetics also and to the management also. Earlier, for production of 1 kg 
of broiler, we used to require almost 1.7 kg of feed. However, now with the current trend, from 
that efficiency has improved to the level that we require 1.5 kg of feed for production of 1 kg 
of chicken. So, there is a saving of 200 grams per kg of meat. So, that is on account of 
completely productive efficiency which is contributed to the genetics and management. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living Root Analytics. Please go 
ahead. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
I just wanted to know. I just missed you in the middle, sir. So, could you mention again the 
new capacity that we are setting up for animal health? What sort of revenue can we see to add? 
Management: 
Yes, for animal health, this quarter, the last quarter of this financial year, we will see the onset 
of production from this new plant, that's one. And in the coming year, we will have two 
advantages with this new unit. One, regulatory compliance as per the new requirements set by 
Drug Department, Government of India. And secondly, it will give us additional volume in the 
top line, around 15% to start with. Thank you. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
So, we can scale up our revenue by 15% going ahead with the help of new plant, right? 
Management: 
Yes, yes, definitely. We have a lot of new introduction in the place for the new plant. Once it 
starts, this will definitely, these new products will roll out from that facility.  
Nirav Seksaria: 
So, it will add like 15 to 20% of volume? 
Management: 
Yes, yes, definitely. Very stable business and this will give us a little additional top line in the 
coming years. 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Nirav Seksaria: 
And what kind of steps are we seeing to scale up our animal health business since it reaps us 
higher margins compared to poultry and point segment? 
Management: 
Yes, what happens, we will focus definitely on poultry first. Then we have other companion 
animals and dairy sector also, partly we deal with. But in this plant, we have major focus will 
remain on the treatment of poultry sector. Basically, the drug product which is required for the 
treatment of the animals, that is the very specialized area. That will be the main products from 
these new units. And then will be - some products which are outlets to antibiotic growth 
promoter that also will be rolled down from this plant. Thank you. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. 
Please go ahead.  
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I am trying to understand that the domestic poultry industry has already seen two years of 
minimal profitability. And maybe last year the industry as a whole made a loss. So now, if we 
see the past pattern, there used to be a three-year cycle. So now, with this year, recovery was 
expected because I am assuming that due to the losses, the supplies would have been curtailed, 
whereas the demand is continuously increasing. So why is it that still poultry prices are down 
at a lower than break-even level, even adjusting for the seasonal variation that we are seeing 
due to festival, etcetera? 
Management: 
Yes, thanks for this question. Very nice analysis, Mr. Garg. In fact, if you see for last two 
years' phenomena, as you rightly pointed out, it was a cyclical phenomenon. At some point of 
time, the profitability was extraordinary, and at some point of time, it was either break-even or 
marginal losses. So last year has recorded, I mean, hardly any profit, and it was completely at a 
break-even level. 
 
So this year, the phenomena was there were two Shravans, and everybody was expecting that 
the demand will go down because of two Shravans. And so everybody corrected their 
production to such a level that demand was not that less compared to the production, and 
production was much more less than the demand. So definitely, the overall realization has 
gone up. So that is the reason why you have seen that our second quarter was comparatively, 
or rather much better, compared to last three-year second quarter. 
 
So sometimes what is happening, I mean, most of the people are expecting a similar pattern to 
happen, and they are correcting their production or adjusting their production. So the results 
are completely surprising, either this way or that way. So with regard to your question, if you 
see, the poultry has reported a profit of INR34 crores for first six months for this year. As 
against last year, if you have seen that, it was, I mean, muted or to the extent to the loss. 
 
So third quarter and fourth quarter, definitely the overall demand-wise, we are expecting that 
the overall demand for poultry is likely to go up, because traditionally third quarter and fourth 
quarter is good as far as consumption is concerned. So we are expecting that this cyclical 
phenomena to happen in such a way that third quarter and fourth quarter should support to the 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 11 of 13 
 
poultry consumption, and we expect that profitability has to be better for third quarter and 
fourth quarter. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, if you see the past, I mean, the past experience, then, sir, even in the upturn, the prices 
usually sustained for one, one year and 1.5 years, two years. So, for example, if we see FY ‘17, 
FY ‘18, FY ‘19, all were healthy years. Sir, whereas here, in one quarter itself, since prices 
were buoyant, so, I mean, the supplies could come and the prices are again down? 
Management: 
With regard to the analysis of last completely five years, if we see five years back, the weaker 
section or open market was dominant. So that percentage of weaker section or open market 
was to the tune of almost 40%, and professional players were 60%. Over a period of time, 
slowly, slowly, weaker section was unable to sustain and cope up this uncertainty. 
 
So, slowly, slowly, they either have reduced their capacity or they have exited from the 
industry. And the professional player share has gone up to the extent of 70%. So, today's 
market, vis-a-vis the market of 2016-‘17, if we compare, today professional players are 
holding 70% of the placement, and against open market, 30%. 
 
So, the phenomena in the year ‘15-‘16 was almost 40% was professional player and 60%, or 
rather 50%-50% was open market and professional player. So, the sustaining capacity or loss 
bearing capacity has increased now. So, the phenomena has gone to such an extent that earlier 
it was only one month or two months of losses, and eight months to ten months were of profit. 
Now, the phenomena has changed that now we are witnessing almost three months to four 
months of losses, and three to four months of breakeven, and three to four months of the 
profitability. 
 
So, that's the reason why the results what we are seeing earlier, and the results what we are 
seeing today is completely different. So, the phenomena which was there for a year has now 
travelled to the extent of two years. So, this is a gross analysis from our side. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, and also, sir, our parent, sir, they are selling the parent birds to, I understand, almost 
everybody, maybe except for Shaguna. Sir, so in that case, is there no production discipline 
that if you supply more parent birds, obviously, there will be overcapacity. So, on that side, 
can we expect any revision? 
Management: 
Sir, these are the market forces. I think market decides and market governs. I mean, the 
overall, I mean, what should be the quantity placement from franchisee, breeders or the people 
who are already there into the market. So, I mean, most of the players, they are going for a 
disciplined placement. So, the placement is mostly constant on a year-round basis. So, I am not 
sure about the placement expectation and placement pattern from franchisee and associates for 
coming months or coming year together. 
 
So, as I rightly said, as I said initially that most of the people are professional now. So, their 
placement is disciplined placement. So, almost 70% of the players, they hardly deviate their 
placement despite the market situation. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sure, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Mantri from Flute Aura Enterprises 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, one more question on oilseed segment. So, can I please get a bifurcation of 
the realization in the total top line on the revenue of oil as well as the revenue of the oilseeds? 
And what is the normal percentage? 
Management: 
Generally, the ratio is 45 to 55. 
Harsh Mantri: 
And this holds for almost all of the portals or is there some decision? Based on the raw 
material inputs we have. 
Management: 
Sir, when the oil prices have gone up, the realization has gone up to even 55% also on oil. 
Now, it has dropped down. So, it is around 40% now. 
Harsh Mantri: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Seksaria from Living Root Analytics. 
Please go ahead.  
Nirav Seksaria: 
Yes, sir. Just one follow-up on the portals segment. So, sir, as we have seen, there is a certain 
shift in the festival season. Have we seen… 
Moderator: 
Seksaria, your audio is not good, sir. We are hardly able to understand what you are speaking. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
I was saying, sir, this year we have seen some shift in the festival season because of which 
have we seen some reduction in volume in the portals segment? 
Management: 
Yes, as mentioned earlier, because of the festival season, there was a big reduction in overall 
production by industry. So, because of which the realization has gone up despite of the festival 
season. But on a year on…  
Nirav Seksaria: 
Sir, in Q3 till now, till the month of -- In October also, we have seen that Navratri has shifted 
from September to October. So, have you seen some reduction in volume or anything as such? 
Management: 
We don't see much difference there. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. And the volume going ahead for the poultry segment is expected to be strong? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Nirav Seksaria: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
I wanted to understand, what are your plans for our QSR, the [inaudible] boards that you 
provide to QSR segment and where can the segment grow in the next three years to five years? 

 
 
Venky's Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Management: 
Yes. Venky's works in various QSRs in India. And what we see that most of the QSRs are 
expanding their business activities in India. And these business activities are very strong. And 
what we experience that the growth of these QSRs was continuous. It was little affected during 
the COVID period and lockdown period. But the QSRs are growing. 
 
And we expect that whatever projections they are shared with us, there will be continuous 
growth of more than 10% approximately with various QSRs. And not only the QSRs are 
expanding, their menu items in the QSRs are also expanding. And most of the expansion is 
happening in chicken. Of course, some of the QSRs are also into the veg products. But most of 
the expansion is on chicken. So we expect good growth through these QSRs. And it is likely 
that some more QSRs will join in Indian business. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I just wanted to know that are we trying to become a pan-India player and increasing our 
revenue share from these players for Venky's as we are present in 11 states? So I just wanted to 
know that some of the players that supply like breakfast, foods and all, so they have been 
consistent in growing their share in QSRs, like providing the QSRs. So I was just asking from 
Venky's perspective, can we see that in the future? 
Management: 
Venky's is a prominent supplier to most of the QSRs. Some of the QSRs are buying their 
chicken in a frozen state. And also the QSRs who are buying frozen chicken and chicken 
products, we have suppliers to them pan-India. And those people who are only buying chilled 
chicken, so the chilled chicken, when it is there, then our activities are only for the regional 
area. But for frozen chicken, it is pan-India. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, where can we see the revenue going for the next three years- five years? 
Management: 
So we will share that revenue to you for what is the projection for the next year. As I shared to 
you that we are experiencing a continuous growth of 10%. From the QSR sectors, or 10%. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, thank you, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions today, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Rohan Bhagwat: 
Thank you all for participating in this call. In case any queries have remained unanswered, 
please feel free to send us an email and we will respond accordingly. I wish you all a very 
happy Diwali. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you.  
