 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Beta Drugs Limited H1 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL BATRA – CHAIRMAN & MD 
 
MR. NIPUN ARORA – CFO 
 
MR. ASHUTOSH SHUKLA – DIRECTOR (SALES AND 
MARKETING) 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RENUKA, PHILLIPCAPITAL PRIVATE CLIENT 
GROUP 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the H1 FY24 earnings conference call of Beta 
Drugs Limited hosted by PhillipCapital Private Client Group. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Renuka from PhillipCapital (India) Private Limited. 
Over to you. 
Renuka: 
Good morning everyone. On behalf of PhillipCapital Private Client Group, I welcome all of 
you to the H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Beta Drugs Limited. 
From the management, we have Mr. Rahul Batra – Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. 
Nipun Arora – CFO; and Mr. Ashutosh Shukla – Director (Sales and Marketing). I now hand 
over the conference to Mr. Rahul sir for his opening remarks and then we will open the floor 
for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Rahul Batra: 
A very good morning to all of you. Welcome back again for our post earnings call for half 
yearly FY 2023-24. Wish you all a very happy Diwali in advance. 
To start with our discussion and analysis, the Beta consolidated revenues from operations for 
the very first 6 months of FY24 increased by 26% to Rs. 141.3 crores from Rs. 112.4 crores 
compared with the same period a year ago. This has happened only due to the growth across all 
the segments. The consolidated EBITDA came at Rs. 33.4 crores while the EBITDA margin 
stood at 23.64%. However, considering the impact of derma business, the consolidated 
EBITDA was Rs. 33.6 crores. Net profit too increased by 26% to Rs. 19.9 crores from Rs. 15.8 
crores compared with the same period a year ago. Net profit margin came at 14.07%. Beta 
continues to be net debt free. Cash and cash equivalents are in surplus by Rs. 8 crores over the 
borrowings. This was still half yearly FY 2023-24. In October in the balance sheet, we have 
received the subsidy of Rs. 3.63 crores, where we have reduced and repaid our borrowings to 
the tune of Rs. 4 crores in October itself. Beta continues to be among the fastest-growing 
scaled-up companies in the Indian branded oncology pharma market. The company's focus on 
novel delivery and formulation development innovation has helped us to establish 
differentiation in the Indian market. 
After having received ANVISA and INVIMA approvals recently, the company is well 
positioned for the growth in semi-regulated and regulated markets as well. Beta’s vertically 
integrated operations with built-in cost efficiencies has helped the continuous expansion of our 
margins over the years. The same will be continued in the coming years as well. So, the 
guidance we look forward to giving you for the next half is that Beta is on the threshold of 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
accelerating growth and expanding margins. We expect to better the first half’s financial 
performance. We expect the revenue for 2024 to be more than Rs. 290+ crores. The target we 
took last year was above Rs. 280 crores but we will be poised to deliver more than what we 
have said. This has happened because of the strong momentum across all the 4 segments, i.e., 
own brands, exports, OEMs, and API. EBITDA margins are expected to improve further by 
Beta’s strong R&D pipeline with differentiated offerings including NDDS, FTL, and FFTL 
pipeline, which will help drive strong growth over the many years to come. 
We will be among the first few companies to launch nilotinib in September 2023 and are on 
track to commercialize 2 NDDS products which will be launched in December 2023. This, we 
will have in detail once we are going through the segment-wise. This will cement our position 
as a leading player in the Indian oncology market. We, as a company, continue to invest 
aggressively in R&D, talent, and product dossiers which are expected to accelerate our growth 
going forward. 
Now, to give you a brief about all the 4 verticals. To start with our main vertical, the branded 
sales; the first half has given a growth of 19% over the last year. Most importantly, in the first 
half, the company has made its presence in the 5 new corporate hospitals across India. Today, 
we have our presence in more than 85% to 90% of the corporate hospitals across India. In the 
first half, the company has launched 2 new products. Further, moving on to the next half, we 
will be launching 4 new products by March and 2 new NDDS which will be the first time in 
India. The second half in terms of own brands seems to be more promising with all the new 
launches. The next major step where the company is focusing is to add more number of sales 
force to cater more 2- and 3-tier cities. As of today, the company has marked its presence in all 
the metros and the focus areas are now to drive further growth from the 2- and 3-Tier cities. 
We are expecting to add more manpower between 10 to 15 people in Tier-2 and Tier-3 cities. 
Today, the cancer treatment has gone basically to all the hospitals. Even the district hospitals 
are providing cancer treatments on a higher scale. So, focusing on all the district hospitals and 
focusing on the medical colleges, we have planned to increase our presence in Tier-2 and Tier-
3 cities in the coming months. This was all about our own branded sales. 
Coming on to the international market, though the growth from the export market was lower in 
the first half, we expect a strong growth in the coming many years down the line. Our unique 
product portfolio for which we are filing the dossiers has got a big attraction from the partners 
across the globe. With ANVISA and INVIMA, the company has opened its front for more than 
70% of the globe. In the last 6 months, we have signed more than 20 agreements with different 
partners across the globe. The identification of all these partners has been physically verified 
by our personal visits. We have our major objective to file more than 200 dossiers in the 
coming 2 to 3 years. Not only this, dossier filing is a process. To enhance the process, we have 
recently added more personnel in our regulatory team. The total number of regulatory team 
stands at 15 people who are working on a daily basis to complete the dossiers for each and 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
every country. As of today, the company has a huge number of regulatory persons to support 
all the registrations and filings. The export will always take its own sweet time, but the process 
should be right. In this last 2-3 years of journey where we have got these approvals, we have 
understood the importance of dossiers. So, investing on the human resource and investing on 
the dossier part has become very important for us. The major attribute has gone towards 
increasing the manpower and the quality of the dossiers and DMS. 
The growth from the export market will be huge but will certainly take 2 to 3 years, as I said. 
This is our major focus area, as the product line; we have a lot of interest in the market. This 
has also been our key focus area, as just now we have exhibited in the CPhI worldwide. In 
particularly CPhI worldwide, we got immense attraction from the foreign clients. These 
foreign clients were so attracted that quick certification was very important. And having the 
robust pipeline, which we have right now, everyone is looking forward to getting those 
products registered in those countries. We have multiple partners in different countries where 
we have given multiple products to different partners. It's not only the same product that has 
been provided to all the partners, but also some products to some partners and some products 
to some other partners. The process of identifying the partners had already been briefed, and 
we are 100% sure that in the coming 2 to 3 years, the export will drive the company to next 
heights. 
Also, as in our last call, we had been told about the EU GMP guidelines. The application had 
been submitted earlier. We have got the application number now, and we are expecting the EU 
audit to be triggered in the first half of next year. Our focus is to get the audit triggered in the 
first quarter, where we have put a lot of effort that the audit should be concluded in that time. 
But in first half of the next year, 100% the audit will be concluded. Not only this, the company 
has also filed an application for Euro Asia audit. We have already got the dates for this audit 
and that will be happening in the last 10 days of December. The Euro Asia will open upfront in 
the entire CIS countries. We have already tied up with 2 Russian partners to register 5 products 
there. The same understanding is being developed in Azerbaijan and Kazakhstan as well. After 
this audit, we have already got the pre-audit done and there were no major or critical 
observations observed during the pre-audit. So, we expect the audit to go smoothly. And we 
will get the certification after 3-4 months of the audit. This will again open up a new front in 
the CIS market as well. That all was for exports. 
Coming on to the API, API is one business where we have putting a lot of efforts and a lot of 
focus, as this will not only add to EBITDA margins and this will not only add to the bottom 
line but also will give a unique identity to the company. Today, as a backwardly integrated 
company, we are proud to say that we are among the top few companies who are backwardly 
integrated. There are companies who are only focusing on API, there are companies only 
focusing on formulations, but we as an integrated oncology cytotoxic player have both API 
and formulations in-house. We have got a new professional team joined in all the operations in 
all the categories. The guys have joined in the top positions in quality assurance, in quality 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
control, in production, and regulatory as well. These are well experienced people who have 
been working in different big companies altogether. They have faced US and EU audits with 
their experience of the last 10 years. Keeping all these things in mind, to expand on the human 
resource was very important. 
Quality of the product starts from the quality of the API. We believe in giving the best quality 
API to the industry – not only to Beta Drugs, not only to Adley formulation, but also to the 
domestic market. We are poised to develop all the new molecules in-house. We are in a 
position to launch two more products next month, by December end, for which we are proud to 
say the API has been developed in-house. The total process to develop these APIs is very 
tough, but with all our expertise in place and being doing all these things since the last many 
couple of years, we are able to crack all this in the stipulated time. The target is to further 
strengthen the DMF part so that all the filings which we are aiming for should be supported by 
Adley Lab itself. 
Last year, we added 1 major line for new capacity expansion. This year, we have also added 
one more line in the form of Kilo lab. There are many products in API which are produced in 
small quantities. For that, we have added one more line with a small glass reactor. The R&D 
has also been shaped up very nicely. There are now currently 4 people working in API R&D 
itself. API is one of the key strengths where our focus is today not only to the domestic market. 
We aim to export our API to the coming semi-regulated or unregulated markets. We have 
already started conversations. We have shared our prices, we shared our CS, we have shared 
our samples with many countries. We expect API to give a good boom in the coming months. 
Coming on to the CDMO business: 
CDMO is our major vertical till now. This year, the growth of CDMO has been more than 
34%. This is mainly due to because the focus on adding new partners has been on topmost 
priority. It's not only we are adding new partners, it's also maintaining the product lines with 
the old partners and keeping the same momentum with the new partners. The traction we get 
from the CDMO partners is the launches. The new launches, which every company takes time, 
might be delayed by 2 to 3 months. Our focus is to give those products topmost priority. Any 
product which is becoming off-patent, we offer to our CDMO partners and we offer to our own 
domestic market as well. This has been a key instrument in driving the CDMO business. Also, 
we have added 1 new injectable facility with 2 new lyophilizers for having an additional extra 
business for the CDMO side. This will certainly reduce the timeline of the deliveries we have 
been telling them in the past we've been committing. 
Now, our major changeover or major addition which we did last year – coming on to the 
dermatology. Dermatology, currently we have 45 people on the line and the PCPM per person 
has come to Rs. 1.2 lakhs per month. We aim to increase the PCPMs to Rs. 3 lakhs plus we are 
hiring 2 more candidates, one as a position of GM and one as a position of Vice President in 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
derma. Both are having a very large experience in dermatology. One was the cluster head in 
one company and one was heading as an NSM for the derma division in some other company. 
The one addition we might get in the month of November itself and one edition we will be 
getting in the month of January. Today we have around 14 products. We tend to increase this 
product line to 35 to 40. This year was very great in dermatology as we are the first company 
in India who has signed an exclusive contract for India and Nepal markets with some Italian 
partners, which will be the first-time product launch in India. This has a unique combo which 
will be focusing only on the top 500 cosmetologists. Also, not only this, focusing on the 
dermatology, we have further plans to open up our new cosmetology and dermatology plant in 
the next 1-1/2 years. The land and everything has been identified. The only thing is the 
execution has to take place. The main objective of derma is to do Rs. 50-crore sales in the next 
3 to 4 years in own brands. This seems to be very promising, and I'm sure with the 
commitment we have and the team we have, 100% this is achievable. 
I conclude all the verticals, and as a team, we are open for the questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Santosh Kondapuram from Path2Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Santosh Kondapuram: 
First of all, congratulations to the management here. I think you guys have been fantastic and 
actually walking the talk regarding the growth and we have been seeing great numbers from 
quite a few quarters already. 
I have a couple of questions. 1) Regarding your export business. As you are getting approvals 
from a lot of these countries, but at the same time, there are challenges around geopolitical 
issues or the slowdown that is going on in the worldwide market. How is this impacting the 
export business of Beta Drugs? 2) Regarding derma products. I see the total market size is Rs. 
13,000 crores or something. What would be our immediate target in dermatology? Is it like 
B2C products or is it like B2B products? 
Rahul Batra: 
First, let's talk about the exports. The geopolitical tension is, of course, one of the critical 
things which is happening across the globe. But as we are entering the export market, our 
major business is driving from the LATAM and the Asian part plus Africa. If we talk about the 
MENA region or if we talk about the area where there are conflicts, we have not seen any 
reduction in the import size of those countries. Plus we have not made our presence there, 
especially in those countries. The export market looks to be very attractive towards the 
LATAM side, it looks very attractive towards the Asian side, and it looks very attractive 
towards the Africa side also. Even if we talk about the Russia thing, I personally went twice to 
Russia – to Moscow – even if the war was happening. There is nothing being related to the 
import or towards the drugs because medicine is one thing which is being required by every 
country. There doesn't seem to be any impact on the export side as far as this war is concerned. 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Second part of the derma market if we talk about, yes, the market size is Rs. 3,000 crores and it 
is very lucrative. Our first and major target is to achieve a sale of Rs. 12 crores per annum. 
This we will be able to do by next year. This year, we will be closing close to around Rs. 8 
crores. Next year, we are aiming to close around Rs. 15 crores, and by that next year, we are 
aiming to close around Rs. 25 crores to Rs. 30 crores. As I said, in the next 3 to 4 years, we are 
aiming to close Rs. 50 crores. Also not this, there will be no B2B brand, all will be B2C, and 
this will be promoted only ethically through the doctors. Today, we have around 110-120 
medical advisers on the panel. We tend to increase it to multiple folds in the coming year. 
Santosh Kondapuram: 
One last question. I have seen that you are planning to migrate the company from SME space 
to the main board. Any plans to improve the liquidity by offering bonus shares or splitting the 
equity? 
Rahul Batra: 
There is a clause for the authorized capital. So, we will not be issuing any bonus shares. Only 
there will be a slight bonus share that will come to the picture once we'll be starting the 
process. The liquidity will improve after we migrate to the main board, but as such the bonus 
shares are concerned, there is no chance that any bonus shares will be coming. Only for the 
purpose of migrating to the main board where some authorized capital needs to be raised, that 
portion of the bonus shares will be issued. That's it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Satwik Jain from Generational Capital. Please go ahead. 
Satwik Jain: 
Sir, I was saying that for Rs. 140 odd crores of H1 sales, we have receivables of around Rs. 77 
crores. I was just wondering if historically there have been any write-offs of the receivables or 
the 6 months plus receivables have been taking time to come or is it the nature of the business? 
Nipun Arora: 
If you could see the previous numbers, 100 days was for the FY23, and for FY24 also, it is 
only 100 days despite of the increase in turnover by 26%. So, I think there is not much change. 
Rather, it has been reduced only by marginal days. And keeping in mind the nature of 
business, yes, there are few parties, there are few tender businesses which take more than say 
80-90 days. That's why it comes to 100 days. 
Satwik Jain: 
But historically, write-offs would not be there, I'm assuming. Or there have been some 
proportions like half a percent or 1% of the receivables? 
Nipun Arora: 
No, there is no write-off. 
Satwik Jain: 
Yesterday, a press release had come that there is around 88,000 USD write-off for some 
subsidiary. Could you shed some light on that? Although it's like a very small amount, but still 
if you could shed some light on that. 
Nipun Arora: 
This was in lieu of the investment done in Beta UBK. We have written it off from our balance 
sheet and we have given the intimation to the stock exchange. What we have done is we have 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
changed the way of operating in Uzbekistan. Now we are doing it ourselves, we are not doing 
it through a JV. And we are maintaining better sales in Uzbekistan than before. 
Rahul Batra: 
I’ll add on with Nipun thing. Actually, the venture we started with Beta UBK; the venture has 
been ended. And that's why the capital thing we have written off that and now there is no more 
subsidy of Beta Drugs in Uzbekistan. Rather the injectables which we have registered, the 
MA’s (Management Authorization) belong to Beta Drugs Limited, India only, and we have our 
own sales team who are promoting those products. Since the last 3-4 months, we have been 
maintaining a sale of $25,000 to $30,000 every month. So, the operations will be handled and 
taken care of by India itself, and the total margin will be booked in India only. 
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Vimal Agrawal from Agrawal Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Agrawal: 
My first question is, what is the dermatology business growth? And how many doctors are you 
covering? And how many MR is monthly PCPM? 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Currently, we have a PCPM of 1.2 lakhs and around 900 prescribers are there across the 
country. There are a few states wherein we are yet to launch, which we expect to launch in the 
month of January and February. At present, we have 45 people onboard, and the total doctors 
which we are covering is around 5,000 doctors, which is going to increase once we expand our 
sales force. 
Vimal Agrawal: 
Is there any geographical expansion, either domestic or foreign, cancer related? 
Rahul Batra: 
Cancer, yes, the geographical expansions are 100% there. In the domestic market, we are 
present in the entire India. There is not even a single state where we don't have our presence. 
In geography, yes, we are putting a lot of efforts in LATAM. We are putting our efforts in 
countries like even Syria, Iraq, Iran, and Algeria also. Even we are putting our efforts in CIS 
Asia. We have started filing our dossiers across the globe. We have hired some consultants in 
some Asian countries and some African countries where we are just filing the dossiers 
ourselves. The expansion of the geography across the globe is on the cards, and we are very 
much on it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Sharma as an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sharma: 
My question is about the CAPEX which you will do to increase the derma line. You mentioned 
that you have identified some land nearby. And the question is, will there be any debt it’ll take 
to develop that facility and do all those things? Or that will be internal accruals or a 
combination of both? And what is the time frame you are looking at, say, in the next 18 
months or 12 months will you be spending X amount of money to have that facility ready? 
Rahul Batra: 
The plan is to come up with our own manufacturing in the next 1-1/2 to 2 years. We have 
experience in installing so many plants in the last 4 decades. The same thing was started by our 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
father and the same has been transferred to us. In the last couple of years also, we have done a 
lot of capital expansion in terms of CAPEX. That has all been done from the internal cash 
accruals only. The total amount of CAPEX we look forward to invest in derma plant is close to 
around Rs. 30 odd crores. Mainly this will be from the internal cash accruals only. And the 
time frame will be 1-1/2 to 2 years down line. 
Ashish Sharma: 
And what level of EBITDA margin improvements you will see from that skincare line into the 
company? 
Rahul Batra: 
Cosmetology & dermatology is one segment where if your brand gets recognized and 
established in the market, it gives a lot of revenues plus a lot of bottom lines to the company. 
Keeping in mind those, we see that there will be a good growth in the EBITDA margins in the 
coming years. As we discussed in the last calls, over the years, we will be maintaining our 
overall absolute number by growth of 25% to 30% year on year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghav from ACE Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: 
My question is related with exports ramp-up. We are filing dossiers in many countries, but is 
there a plan to approach Southeast Asia countries first, then LATAM countries? And what is 
the timeline that we are looking for this? Is there a ramp-up plan for exports? 
Rahul Batra: 
Let's come to the Asian countries first. We have already given around 12 dossiers in Thailand. 
We have already submitted around 4 to 5 dossiers in Malaysia. We have just finalized a partner 
in Vietnam. Already we are doing business in Myanmar, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Mauritius. And 
coming on to Indonesia, that's a different ballgame altogether. Again, the Philippines, we have 
got the Philippines approval for both the lines. In spite of having pics, they were trying to have 
an audit for the plant and that has already been cleared. Also, we have given around 17 
dossiers in the Philippines. This is the plan where we expect the business. Actually, in pharma, 
generally after submission of dossiers, queries come from the health authorities in a particular 
country. After giving the replies to the queries which are generated, generally it takes around 
12 to good 24 months to get the product registered. And in especially all these countries, there 
are no sales which can happen without the registrations. Same is the criteria with LATAM, and 
if we talk about LATAM, we have signed around 14-15 agreements in Latin America market, 
and we are in process of providing all the dossiers in all those countries. Whether it's Brazil, 
whether it's Mexico, whether it's Colombia, whether it's Peru, whether it's Chile, all these 
countries, we have started the process. Some of the countries, we have already got registrations 
also in the last 2 months. And some of the countries, we have just started filing the dossiers. 
We expect the business to grow in exports in 2 to 3 years down the line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Rathi from Lucky Investments. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Rahulji and team, congratulations for always guiding us towards the roadmap of the company, 
and more often than not, beating those expectations. Hats off to the efforts you guys put in. My 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
question is sort of a follow-up to the earlier participant’s, on the CAPEX side. Nipunji, can you 
tell me what is the capacity utilization at the company level today? What is the peak revenue 
that we can do with the existing capacity? 
Nipun Arora: 
In the oral side, the capacity utilization will be around 70% to 80%. And in the liquid side, it is 
somewhere around 40% to 50%. 
Ashish Rathi: 
What is the kind of revenue that we can do from the existing capacity? 
Rahul Batra: 
It can generate the revenue of Rs. 500 crores from this capacity. And Ashishji, basically 
CAPEX increase in pharmaceuticals is a regular process. You keep on adding new 
machineries, you keep on adding new things if some output is increased. In the last couple of 
years, particularly to focus on the CDMO business, we have installed one more injectable line. 
As Nipunji said, the leverage is still there and the leverage in both injectables and orals is 
there, and we can easily achieve a top line of Rs. 450 crores to Rs. 500 crores with the current 
capacity. 
Ashish Rathi: 
What are the CAPEX plans for the company? Are we looking at planning for the future beyond 
that already or we are waiting for some more time? 
Rahul Batra: 
We are definitely looking for bigger plans, i.e., after 2-3 years down the line. The first plan, as 
I discussed, is about the derma plant where we will be having a good quality investment done 
in that particular area. The second future plan we do have is that we have a plan of coming up 
with a good R&D, where a separate R&D model will be created only for technology transfer 
for both API and formulation. That will also be done in the premises where we have extra land 
in Beta Drugs only. There will be a separate block created only for R&D. The third major plan 
which we have in the pipeline is that we have to come out with a good injectable facility only 
dedicated to the US. That is after 3 years we have a plan to do this. 
Ashish Rathi: 
The derma plant you said Rs. 30 crores CAPEX, Rahulji. What sort of asset turns at peak level 
can we expect in the dermatology business? 
Rahul Batra: 
After investing Rs. 30 crores or Rs. 40 odd crores and having the CDMO base which we have 
– it's not only the own brand which we will be producing from that particular plant, the 
relations which we are maintaining from the last 15 odd years with all the major Indian MNCs 
across – we expect the B2B and our own brands to contribute good amount of business in the 
coming 3 to 4 years down the line. It might go up to Rs. 100 odd crores including all. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Right now, we are not doing any B2B in derma. Are we? 
Rahul Batra: 
No, we are not doing it because we don't have a plant. 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Ashish Rathi: 
Second question was on the working capital side. To understand the split of working capital, if 
you can help me give some color on the domestic business – the India-focused business – and 
the export business. 
Nipun Arora: 
Ashishji, if I talk about business as a whole, our working capital days is still the same. That is 
somewhere around 85 days. Days receivable at 100 days. Days payable and inventory days 
have increased. Days payable have increased from, say 65 to 71-72 days. Similarly, inventory 
days have been increased by 10 days. So, if I talk about working capital days segment-wise, 
then I would say working capital days in CDMO would be somewhere around 90 days. 
Working capital days in domestic business would be somewhere around, again, I think 60 to 
75 days. Mostly in the other than institution business, it is 60 days only, but institution 
business, it takes more than 75 days, somewhere more than 90 days also. And then in export 
side, we try to do maximum on the basis of advance or LC basis. In some cases, we have to 
give credit to our well-known customers who are already dealing with us. That is also 
somewhere around 45 to 60 days. 
Ashish Rathi: 
And going forward, the same policy we maintain in terms of advances only in exports, or 
because now we have more comfort with the customers and the customers have more comfort 
with us, we will look at credit and larger orders? 
Nipun Arora: 
This will depend on party to party. If it is a new party, obviously, we will go for advance or 
through the confirmed LC. And if it is an old party which we are already doing business with 
them, obviously, we can extend some credit. 
Rahul Batra: 
Ashishji, I'll add on this. Basically, most of our partners internationally have been visited by us 
personally. Either it's being a team of 5-6 people, they have been visited by them personally. 
We have seen the strength of all those partners personally and physically. 
Ashish Rathi: 
Last question, if I may, with your permission, Rahulji, on the margins bit. You said that we are 
on the threshold of margin expansion also at the company level. Is it safe to assume that the 
export business margins are good and better than the existing business margins? 
Rahul Batra: 
100% better. If you keep on adding countries like Brazil, countries like Colombia, countries 
like Mexico, countries like Thailand, Malaysia, South Africa, and Vietnam, the margins will 
exponentially increase. 
Ashish Rathi: 
And in derma business, also I understand maybe we are just at an EBITDA breakeven kind of 
a level right now. I don't know, I'm not sure; you can clarify that. But at a gross margin level, 
we would be doing a reasonably sound margin to be able to beat company level margins at 
some scale of like Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 crores out of derma business. Is that a fair 
assumption? 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, at Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 25 odd crores, we will be matching the same EBITDA margins as 
what we are doing at the company level. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshat Vijay from Hem Securities Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Akshat Vijay: 
Sir, last time you gave guidance of doubling the revenue to Rs. 450 crores in the next 3 years, 
i.e., by FY26. But now, as you mentioned about the Rs. 290-crore revenue target for FY24 
itself, do you still maintain that Rs. 450-crore guidance or do you want to increase that? 
Rahul Batra: 
The thing is we always believe in saying less and delivering more. We will try to maintain that 
consistency in the coming 3-4 years down the line. So, the target, which we have said, Rs. 450 
crores is 100% achievable and we will try to deliver more than that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Raghav from ACE Capital Services. Please go ahead. 
Raghav: 
I have two more questions. One is, in the last call, we discussed about transferring tech for 
certain countries and getting royalties and providing them APIs. Has there been some traction 
on that front? 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, there have been agreements signed with 2 companies in the CIS countries. The product 
development part has already been started. The tech fees has already been discussed and the 
agreement is already signed. Maybe in another 2 months down the line, we will be having our 
first transfer for the tech development. And regarding the API supply to those countries, the 
agreement is already in place. Once those products are registered, after completing the tech 
transfer, certainly the agreement is there for a minimum of 5 years to supply the API to them 
as an exclusive supplier. 
Raghav: 
My second question is related with the PPT we have shared, slide #16. It seems that in 
domestic business, we have covered almost 80% of the market size for cytotoxic, supportive, 
and hormonal therapy. Possibly the scope of further expansion seems in targeted therapy. Am I 
interpreting this data correctly that we have kind of saturated the domestic market except for 
targeted therapies? 
Rahul Batra: 
What we have mentioned is that we have covered. Covered doesn't mean that we have started 
getting business support from them. The analyses are correct. The coverage is there, but still 
now there are many counters where we have not yet got our presence there. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Currently, our market share is around 4.5%. Still 95% of the covered market lies in front of us. 
Slowly we are grabbing. The other thing is that in the corporate hospitals wherein we have 
good number of brands available, still the market share in those hospitals is less, which we aim 
to increase in the coming time. So, what we assume is, in the next year, this 4.5% market share 
we would like to take it up to 5.5%, which is going to help us to achieve our budget. 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
Rahul Batra: 
In addition to this, the company is in a regular process to launch new products. In this half year 
particularly, we are launching 4 new products plus we are launching 2 NDDS. We have come 
up with a new block which was under qualification. Already the trial batches have been taken 
last 1 year back, but now this month, particularly in November end, we will be launching 2 
products which will be the first time in India. These 2 new drug delivery systems will give a 
big impact on our domestic revenue as well. 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
If I may ask one more question if you guys allow any tentative date by when or quarter by 
when we are going to migrate to main board? 
Rahul Batra: 
The process has already been initiated and we are just now in a process to do the 
documentation part. The timeline what we have decided is that before March, we should 
migrate. But the maximum it will take maybe by May end, we will be able to migrate on the 
main board. So, the minimum timeline is 2 months and the maximum timeline which we are 
aiming is 6 months. Between this period, we will be able to migrate to the main board. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ranvir Singh from Nuvama. Please go ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
About the product launches what we mentioned – the 2 entities’ products we are going to 
launch in December – I believe that after the two, in pipeline we had 5 products. Or have we 
added more products in pipeline for NDDS product? 
Rahul Batra: 
We have got a very robust pipeline for the next 2 to 3 years. First is that whichever product is 
becoming off-patent, we have started working on those products to launch those products and 
we are the first one to launch in India after becoming off-patent. Second is the new products 
which are not available in the market, like what we did with azacitidine – injection it was 
available, we converted into oral. Then there was one product, enzalutamide, which was 
coming as a strength of 40 mg. Since the patient has to consume 4 tablets, we made it 160 mg. 
These are continuous processes. There may be around 2-3 products more which we will be 
launching next year. Of course, on the NDDS side particularly, we have been working on this 
since the last 2 years and we have been kept silent and not told to the market about these 
products. But since everything is on the cards, we just got the approval from the drug 
department. The manufacturing block is approved. Two products will be launched this month 
by November end or maybe maximum by December 15th. Then, there are eight more products 
which are under pipeline. So, the approval process is difficult. But we have already started 
that. Maybe the bioequivalence and everything will take its own time. So, if we see the 
launches of these particular further 8 products, 2 products will be launched by March, then 2 
products will be launched by June or July, and then 2 or 3 products will be launched by 
December end. 
Ranvir Singh: 
So, apart from those 2 products we are going to launch in December, eight more are in the 
pipeline for next year? 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Rahul Batra: 
Yes, in NDDS. 
Ranvir Singh: 
And those 2 products which we are going to launch in December, what kind of products these 
are and what would be the market size or revenue potential? Anything if you could comment 
on? 
Rahul Batra: 
It's a new development and we have seen this thing in the past. Earlier the paclitaxel was there; 
then we converted and we made it targeted by adding albumin-bound paclitaxel. We got a big 
success, in particular that product. The market size of these 2 products is very large. We don't 
want to name the product right now because the reason is till the time it is commercially 
launched, we are not allowed to say that. And the market size of these 2 particular products is 
very huge in terms of the Indian market. Not only this, but we are also aiming to launch these 
products overseas as well. One product is on the hematology side and one product is on the 
prostate side. Am I right, Ashutoshji? 
Ashutosh Shukla: 
Right, sir. 
Rahul Batra: 
The market size of both these 2 products is very large. The only thing is, we have kept in mind 
the targeted segment. Right now, the targeted segment in this particular category has no access 
to a delivery system like what we have developed for these 2 products. Let's see how it shapes 
up. But as far as our revenue is concerned, we are definitely expecting huge volumes and we 
are definitely expecting a huge market size and a transformation from those old novel products 
to these NDDS formulations from the doctors. 
Ranvir Singh: 
I believe that somehow FY24 number – first half number is already out – we are well on track 
to achieve the guidance. What would be the major growth for FY25? Apart from the NDDS 
product filings, are we enhancing capacity also there in the injectable side at any of our 
facilities? 
Rahul Batra: 
As we mentioned in our presentation also, the capacity has already been increased on the 
injectable side in Beta Drugs. And coming onto the Adley formulation, we have come up with 
a new facility on the injectables side with 2 new lyophilizers. This has been, in fact, a major 
focus to give priority to our CDMO partners as well. Then, if we come on to the API side, we 
have added one more Kilo lab line to manufacture those products which come in small 
quantities. Although the value is very high, but the quantity and the volume is very low. For 
particularly those sort of products, we have come up with 1 new Kilo lab – 1 new expansion. 
So, we don't see any further CAPEX happening in the coming 1 or 2 years. But of course, as 
we say, again in the previous year, the capacity and adding CAPEX is a regular process in the 
pharmaceutical industry. If we get an opportunity to further automate ourselves in getting a 
new machinery down the line where the capacity is increased and where the productivity is 
increased, we don't mind doing that. But that all will happen through our internal cash accruals 
only. 

 
Beta Drugs Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. Renuka 
from PhillipCapital for closing comments. 
Renuka: 
Thank you participants for your valuable time and especially the entire team of Beta Drugs 
Limited. Rahul sir, before we close, would you like to make any closing remarks? 
Rahul Batra: 
Coming to the closing remarks, as discussed in our last calls, we are poised to grow at 20% to 
25%. As an entrepreneur and as a risk taker, we definitely look forward to taking risk and 
expanding it globally. The risks are calculated. And it's not about the risk; it's about the 
temperament of having a further expansion on a larger scale. We are poised to grow at 25% to 
30% and thereby I close. And this has all happened because of our expertise team and the 
human resource which we have. The credit goes to each and every one of the entire team. I 
wish you all a Very Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of PhillipCapital India Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us. And you may now disconnect your lines. 
