 
 
 
www.mpslimited.com 
Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru-Vi-Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai-600032 (INDIA), Tel: +91 44 49162222 Fax: +91 44 49 16 2225 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795 
 
 
 
Ref: MPSL/SE/74/2023-24 
Date: 03 November 2023 
 
✓ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call inter-alia on the Un-Audited Financial 
Results of the Company for the Second Quarter (Q2) and Half Year (H1) ended 30 
September 2023.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call, held on Friday, 27 October 2023, at 
05:00 P.M. (IST), inter-alia on the Un-Audited Financial Results of the Company for the Second 
Quarter (Q2) and Half Year (H1) ended 30 September 2023. 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
 
 
 
 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
RAMAN 
SAPRA
Digitally signed by RAMAN SAPRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9408, 
pseudonym=43dbd303263049bf818a
076f6d838560, 
2.5.4.20=18cf30a1544184712dd62ca1
66b9893ae39be03b72c0f4a44c907cf6
e8f25d25, postalCode=201014, 
st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=15cbe9dded45c032a0
1894d72a7cb7af4313fb2366016cd2d
e145cfc530838fc, cn=RAMAN SAPRA

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript” 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA – CHAIRMAN AND CEO 
 
MR. SUNIT MALHOTRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. SUKHWANT SINGH – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
 
MR. ANTHONY ALVES - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT & 
HEAD OF PRODUCT MANAGEMENT 
 
MR. RAJESH JUMANI – CHIEF REVENUE OFFICER 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 Earnings Call of MPS Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant’s lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora, Chairman and CEO. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you. Good morning from New York, and welcome to our H1 and Q2 FY '24 Earnings Call. 
Today on the call, I have with me from MPS: 
 
Sunit Malhotra, CFO of MPS Limited, who joins from Noida, India. 
 
Sukhwant Singh, Chief Operating Officer (India) at MPS Limited, joins us from Noida, India. 
 
Tony Alves, SVP and Head of Product Management at HW powered by MPS, joins us from 
the Great Boston Area. 
 
Rajesh Jumani, Chief Revenue Officer of our eLearning Practice, joins us from the DevLearn 
Conference in Las Vegas. 
Today Sunit will kick things off in our opening segment by discussing our financial performance. 
Then Sukhwant will update us on the developments in our Content Solutions business. Rajesh will 
then discuss how we are expecting our eLearning business to deliver a strong H2. Then, Tony will 
discuss the exciting progress in our Platform business. Finally, I will provide an update on the 
progress on AI/ML, acquisitions, share PAT guidance for FY24 as promised on the last call, and 
finally conclude with an announcement regarding Dividend Distribution. We will then open the 
call to questions. 
 
Let's get going. Over to you, Sunit. 
Sunit Malhotra: 
Thanks, Rahul. MPS recorded 9.51% Revenue growth over the PY in the first half of FY24 on an 
FX-adjusted basis. PAT grew by as much as 27% and was at INR 60.33 crores in the first half of 
FY '24. H1 has now laid a solid foundation for us to unlock a steeper growth trajectory in H2 FY 
'24. And while Q2 was seasonally modest, we continue to remain bullish about the growth 
prospects in FY '24 with a robust H2 and a meaningfully and positively different Q4. 
Reflecting on H1 and Q2 FY '24, here are my Top Three favorite themes: 
1. 
Revenue growth continues to lead to margin expansion. 
2. 
Our Platform business is building momentum every quarter, and our outlook is more 
optimistic rather than cautious on this business segment after a long period. 
3. 
Diversity continues to be a recurring theme for us across all key business metrics, which 
includes, reduced customer concentration, favorable business mix, and unparalleled customer 
spread across markets. 
I want to hand it over now to Sukhwant to discuss our development in our CS business. 
Sukhwant Singh: 
Thank you, Sunit. The scholarly lines of the Content Solutions business continued to lead the 
charge towards revenue growth and margin expansion. In the scholarly marketplace, we have 
launched new capabilities linked to the Journal Editorial Office, or JEO, that are placed in a more 
strategic position in the value chain, which has not only resulted in new business from net new 
customers, but also improved the stickiness and quality of our revenue with existing customers. 
Together with the HighWire suite of products, this new JEO service compounds our capabilities 
and positions us as probably the only vendor partner with technical and domain expertise at the 
front end of the scholarly publishing value chain. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
Additionally, our star account strategy in the scholarly market is yielding excellent results, and we 
are hoping to scale the strategy to other business segments, too. The education side of our Content 
Solutions business had a seasonally modest Q2, which is expected to correct itself in the second 
half of the year and particularly in Q4. As a result, the revenue growth in Content Solutions in the 
first half of FY '24 was contained at ~7.7%. I continue to remain bullish about content solutions 
in FY '24 with a robust second half ahead of us. 
 
I want to hand it over now to Rajesh to discuss how we are expecting our eLearning business to 
deliver a strong H2. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Jumani: 
Thank you, Sukhwant. eLearning continued as the second-largest business segment. FX-adjusted 
revenues were ~INR65 crores in the first half of FY '24, amounting to ~25% of our total revenue. 
While the India entity, which is the largest in our portfolio, had a seasonally modest Q2, our 
outlook on the business for the rest of FY '24 continues to be bullish. All critical lead indicators 
for revenue, including order book and high probability deal pipeline, are appearing positive. We 
are hoping to announce a large experience center project in the coming months.  
The eLearning operations in Europe are doing much better than expected, particularly in the 
challenging macroeconomic environment. TOPSIM revenue grew by 15.6% in Q2 of FY'24 
compared to the same period last year, and though margins were suppressed in the same 
comparison, the team did better given the current situation in Europe. On a half-yearly basis, 
TOPSIM revenue grew by 21% compared to the same period last year.  
MPS Europa is performing exceptionally well. Revenue grew by 50.5% in Q2 of FY '24 compared 
to the same period last year, at a PBT margin of 22.7% in Q2 of FY '24. We also have a more 
diversified customer base and a healthier pipeline, thus indicating that the current performance is 
sustainable. 
The acquisition of Liberate Learning has been successful. After the flurry of integration activity in 
the first four weeks, Rod and his team are steering the business independently. The marketplace 
has reacted favorably to the development and we are gaining momentum in the APAC region. In 
H1 and Q2 of FY '24, a consolidation of Liberate Learning's Revenue and Earnings was restricted 
to one month.  
I will now hand it over to Tony who will discuss the exciting new phase of growth and expansion 
our platform business has entered. Over to you, Tony. 
Anthony Alves: 
Thank you very much, Raj. MPS’ platform business, marketed as HighWire, has entered an 
exciting new phase. On the back of double-digit Revenue Growth for the first time since the 
acquisition of HighWire in the first quarter of 2020, the platform business did well in Q2 FY '24. 
Revenue grew 7% on an FX-adjusted basis in Q2 FY '24 over the previous year. Since the operating 
leverage in the platform business is the highest across all of our Segments, PBT grew even faster 
at ~55% in Q2 FY '24 compared to last year. Overall, on a half-year basis, revenue in the platform 
business grew by 10% in the first half over the previous year and PBT grew by 54% in the first half 
over the previous year. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Execution of our product roadmaps was on schedule for the entire platform suite in Q2 FY '24. 
The marketplace has well-received new features and functionalities, and there are several 
monetization opportunities as we implement new clients and migrate some existing clients to 
newer products. We have two product launches planned in the business segment and are confident 
that these will create new revenue streams in the longer term for MPS.  
Earlier this month, we launched DigiCore Pro. This is an end-to-end publishing workflow solution 
based on the principles of single-source publishing, a methodology that reduces inefficiencies and 
increases the speed of delivery for our clients. This new publishing system supports content 
authoring, online submission, editorial and peer-review tracking, interactive peer review, post-
acceptance production tracking, and delivery to hosting platforms.  
This new workflow product will open up opportunities to engage and bring on new customers who 
are looking to move to a more modern workflow system. It provides opportunities to bundle 
products and services serving as an onramp to sell content services and other technology solutions 
to those clients; and it allows us to sunset older workflow solutions, creating efficiencies internally.  
Next month, we're launching THINK365, the cloud-based version of our Think e-commerce and 
subscription management system. THINK365 is a software-as-a-service model and a 
modernization of the current desktop version. This means that clients will benefit from the 
convenience and the efficiencies that a SaaS system offers, such as less IT and system 
administration, automatic upgrades, and an improved user experience. We believe that this 
compelling option will be well-received and that THINK clients will be eager to upgrade to this 
improved service.  
To conclude, my remarks on the Platform business, I would like to highlight:  
1. 
Our mission has now transitioned from Support and Delivery to Product Development. This 
includes new Product Launches, Active Product Roadmaps, and Upgrades. 
2. 
Our new customer acquisition strategy that involves Product and Service bundling (for 
example with DigiCorePro) and Price Warriorship is gaining traction and helping us develop 
a new customer base. 
3. 
The feedback from the industry and the scholarly community is highly encouraging. 
HighWire and MPS now stands as the only "serious" independent choice, since two of our 
larger competitors have been acquired by publishers.  
Our engagement with our core customers has significantly improved in the platform business with 
discussions underway on cross-selling. We also have a robust pipeline of RFPs with new 
customers. Overall, the platform business has progressed from consolidation to a growth phase. 
Back to you, Rahul. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Tony, and thank you, team, for that comprehensive update. I will start now with an update 
on our progress as MPS Labs in AI/ML, since that continues to be top of mind in the industry and 
in the marketplace at large.  

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
The advances in AI/ML have a proportionate impact on the entire ecosystem, affecting our 
customers, competitors, industry, and the macroeconomic environment alike. Instead of perceiving 
AI/ML as a threat, we're viewing it as an opportunity to differentiate ourselves once again in a 
market that's highly fragmented and ripe for consolidation. To spearhead this transformation, we 
earlier had launched a new initiative called MPS Labs, which is pioneering our AI/ML initiative. 
It's headquartered in Bengaluru and has a team of over 100 professionals with relevant expertise. 
We have made substantive progress this past quarter. Our teams have played a pivotal role in 
scaling up AI/ML applications in content profiling, workflow routing, typesetting and composition 
of standard layout products. Our pilots in collaboration with our customers, leveraging AI/ML in 
the creation of Alt-Text to make content accessible, have now transitioned into real projects and 
real workflows. With MPS Labs as our innovation hub, we are driven to continually push the 
boundaries of unlocking AI/ML within our capability set, ultimately enhancing our offering and 
cementing a leadership position in the market.  
Now moving on to acquisitions, dividend distribution, and PAT guidance.  
As I've shared earlier this year, we expect to close one more acquisition in FY '24, potentially 
related to our platform business. 
I would like to confirm that we are now pursuing acquisitions of healthy, at least 15% EBITDA 
businesses that are also growing, at least a 10% revenue scale over a three-year period. 
On capital allocation, as I've shared previously as well, our priority is always to redistribute surplus 
funds to shareholders of MPS, provided there is no imminent use for those funds over the next 6 
to 12 months. This approach allows us to be focused, disciplined, and responsible. At this point, 
we believe that even after concluding the upcoming transaction, MPS will be sitting on surplus 
funds, and therefore the Board of Directors has recommended an interim dividend of INR30 per 
equity share of INR10, each of the Company.  
For future acquisitions in FY '25, as I had mentioned previously, we are comfortable raising debt 
to the level of our PAT, which, as you know, is also growing. Based on the strong foundation laid 
in H1, our management team feels comfortable sharing that we are moving towards achieving 
above INR130 crores in PATs in FY '24. 
Let us now open the call to questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Mr. Keshav Garg from Counter-Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead, sir. 
Keshav Garg: 
Sir, I am trying to understand that for the second quarter, except for our platform division, our 
other divisions have shown a degrowth in absolute profit number year-on-year. So, what is the 
reason for the same and is this trend expected to continue or expected to reverse going forward? 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Rahul Arora: 
So, like in the opening remarks, Sukhwant, and Rajesh both shared that in certain lines of our 
business, we have had a soft Q2. Having said that, we are expecting a pretty significant ramp-up 
in Q3 and Q4. Some of the margin erosion is a result of costs that we are investing in to deliver on 
the Q3 and Q4 numbers. 
So, sometimes when you are expecting large projects, you have to onboard headcount and invest 
in those projects before the project begins. So, some of the margin erosion is because of that upfront 
investment for future growth. In terms of revenue, like I said, Q2 was seasonally modest. 
Last year, Q1 was seasonally modest. So, every year, we seem to have one quarter where we don't 
form a uniform pattern. But we judge the business on a yearly basis rather than looking at minor 
movements on a quarterly basis. 
So, like I shared at the top of the call, we are very comfortable reporting and confirming that, that 
we will cross INR 130 crores in PAT in FY '24. You may note that as a management team, we 
have always been extremely conservative with forward-looking guidance. The last time I offered 
this type of guidance was last year when I shared that we would achieve a PAT of INR 100 crores 
and we went ahead and achieved a PAT of INR 109 crores. So, we typically are very conservative 
with our guidance and on a conservative basis, we are sharing that we will cross INR130 crores in 
PAT in FY '24. 
Keshav Garg: 
That's really great. Sir, just one more thing about the acquisition of this Liberate Group. Sir, prima 
facie, it looks very attractively priced. Thank you very much for that. But we still have to buy the 
35% minority interest. So what exactly is the pricing arrangement for acquiring the remaining 
stake? Is it that we will have to cope up a significant amount or is it in line with the acquisition of 
65% only? 
Rahul Arora: 
Overall, this quarter and the first half, the consolidation of Liberate Learning has only been one 
month. Even within that one month, though, they have delivered over 35% EBITDA margin and 
grew over the previous year as well, although we didn't own the company the previous year. And 
in terms of the step-up, we have acquired 65%. We plan to acquire the balance 35% over a two-
year to five-year period. 
 
Now, all future payments are linked to how the business grows and at what level the business 
grows. But from a range perspective, we expect the payout of the 35% to be in the 4x to 7x range 
of EBITDA earnings for that particular year. So, as you know, MPS is operating at a higher 
multiple. So, we believe that it will be accretive to the current setup, whether it's 4x or 7x, which 
will be determined by how much the business is growing. And we've given significant growth 
milestones for the management team there. 
Keshav Garg: 
 
Great, sir. Thank you very much and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Madhur Rathi from Counter Investments. 
Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, when I look at the number of employees that have increased in 
our content solution and platform business, the number of employees have increased at a much 
higher rate than our first-half revenue. So, if you could just help me explain, because last quarter 
we had guidance that we'll be using tools of automation or Chat GPT that will help us increase our 
revenue at a faster rate. So, if you could just help me understand this? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yeah. Quick answer to your query is that hiring, and addition of costs is leading and Revenue is 
lagging. So, essentially, we're expecting a very strong H2 and to make sure that it's a sustainable 
level of growth and we over deliver on customer expectations. We've invested to make sure that 
new revenue transition, onboarding of new customers, and onboarding of the new processes goes 
without any disruption and customers are happy and confident about working with MPS. 
So, we continue to automate. MPS is the leading vendor partner in the marketplace when it comes 
to automation and leveraging on system-based delivery to unlock efficiencies. So, what you're 
seeing here is hiring is leading, revenue is lagging, and Q3, Q4, those numbers will start to make 
sense again. 
Madhur Rathi: 
 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rushikesh Kale, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Rushikesh Kale: 
Sir, the question was answered when you gave guidance. So, reasonably, we would expect that 
since you are always very conservative, can we expect around INR140 crores to INR150 crores 
PAT this year? 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Rushikesh. I know you always push me in this direction. Like I said, we are a conservative 
management team when it comes to projections. Though, we are not conservative in our approach 
or in our process. We're extremely aggressive when it comes to our work and our pursuit of 
excellence. But we are conservative in how we communicate our success and vision. So, we’d like 
to stick with the conservative communication that we will cross INR 130 crores. 
But, of course, the team is aggressive, a competitive team, and we will be pursuing to maximize. 
We will not limit ourselves to any ceiling. So, INR130 crores is not a ceiling. It is simply a number 
that we're sharing that we feel that we will comfortably achieve without sweat. And, of course, 
you are more than welcome to do your independent analysis based on our past track record and 
how we shared guidance previously and extrapolate what that could potentially look like. But at 
this point, we would like to stick with the guidance of INR 130 crores. 
Rushikesh Kale: 
Sure. Thank you. And one more follow-up question. You said about an upcoming acquisition. We 
have almost INR 160 crores cash, and you said that it is more than enough to basically carry us 
through and fund our future acquisitions as well. So, with this dividend, we would probably go 
below our benchmark of INR150 crores holding of cash for a short period? 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
 
Rahul Arora: 
I think it will be for a short period because, so we anticipate, the new acquisition to be somewhere 
in the INR 50 crores to INR70 crores range. That's still ongoing. But we also don't see the point in 
just sitting on cash and not doing anything with it. Because it's a distraction, managing cash, 
treasury and non-operating investments is not our core competency. 
Further, the business is also generating significant cash every month. So, if we can complete the 
upcoming acquisition this year, there will probably be at least a six-month gap for the next one. 
And in that six-month gap, we will be generating more cash. So, we feel very comfortable that for 
a very short period, we may go below INR100 crores possibly on our cash in the business. And I 
think that's good as well because I am slightly dissatisfied with the pace of cash generation today 
in the business. We historically used to generate cash much faster. 
And I think it will be good pressure on the team to get back to those old levels. We've implemented 
several initiatives, including, process changes, system changes, communication changes, and 
delegation of authority. We've rolled several new initiatives in the last six months so that we can 
step up the pace when it comes to cash generation in the second half of the year and for the 
foreseeable future. So, I feel quite comfortable even if the cash levels go below INR100 crores for 
a couple of months. 
Rushikesh Kale: 
Thanks for the great transparency and great corporate governance. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Darshil from Crown Capital. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Darshil: 
Hi. Good evening. I'm congratulating you on a great set of results. Sir, most of my questions have 
been answered. So, just two questions, do you see any risk in meeting our guidance, like some 
macro factor or some economic factor that can be a hindrance to us? That's number one. 
And what kind of growth with the new acquisition that we've done, can we see for FY '25, any 
guidance in terms of revenue or PAT growth that you would like to give? Those are the two 
questions. Thank you. 
Rahul Arora: 
So, overall, I think the guidance is conservative. At the end of the day, we've had an opportunity 
to look at the first two quarters and basically to think about giving guidance for the next six months. 
Not even six months, because October is gone. So, it's essentially five. We're giving you a five-
month guidance. 
So, I do not anticipate any macroeconomic or any industry or headwind or anything like that 
playing out in the next five months. And that's one of the reasons why we typically give this 
guidance at the end of the second quarter because we've had six months of historical published 
financials, but we also have another month, some more visibility in into the two months of Q3 as 
well. So, we're able to give a very conservative, tight guidance. 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
So, I do not expect any hindrance to the guidance. and if we do perform the way I'm describing, 
there may probably be another round of distribution that will take place to the shareholders in May 
when we announce our final FY '24 result. That's the part that I did not unlock in the previous 
question. So, what we're distributing today is an interim dividend. There may be a final distribution 
as well. 
On FY '25 guidance, we’d like to abstain. Like I said, we are extremely aggressive in our approach 
and how we pursue our goals. We're a competitive team. But we are highly conservative when it 
comes to communicating our success and our goals. We're a humble team and we want to keep it 
that way. 
From a guidance perspective, I have shared Vision 2027, which means that we want to get to a 
certain level of revenue and profit by FY '28. We expect, the CAGR to be around 25%, between 
now and FY '28. So, in that CAGR, 60% of the growth is going to come from acquisitions, and 
40% of it is going to come from organic growth. So, 500 crores to 900 crores organically and 900 
crores to 1,500 crores inorganically. So, that's the kind of outlook for FY '28. Now, there will be 
some years where we will be way above the 25% CAGR and some years where we will be at that 
number. So, time will tell whether we'll be below or above that number. But on a CAGR basis, 
between FY '23 and FY '28, we're expecting a 25% CAGR. 
Darshil: 
Okay, so that helps. And just one more question. So, all the acquisitions we do, wouldn't be fitting 
our profile margin in terms of macro? Would that be like maybe a year or so of, maybe getting the 
efficiencies? So, for it to become a margin that's accretive, how would that play out? Because we 
have increased our margin substantially over the last few quarters. So, we just wanted to get a color 
on that, like how our target acquisition is being done? 
Rahul Arora: 
Excellent question. So, again, it must be specific to that particular acquisition. So, what we expect 
is, for example, with Liberate Learning, we're acquiring a company that's already operating at 35%, 
38% EBITDA margin and they are in the e-learning vertical. Liberate margins are better than our 
standalone e-learning business. So, yes, we expect to improve margins in our incumbent e-learning 
business, but potentially not in Liberate, but more in the standalone business. 
In fact, learning a lot of things from how Liberate does business and that will unlock future 
margins. For example, they have more people outside the company than inside the company. So, 
they have more contractors than they have internal personnel. So, there are things like that on the 
operating model that we are learning from them. So, on a standalone basis, the e-learning margin 
will improve.  
Now, coming to future acquisitions, it will be dependent on the acquisition itself. We will not 
acquire anything that's below 15% EBITDA margin on a standalone basis. That's for sure. And we 
want to make sure that on the content side, we are north of 40%. On the platform side, we're north 
of 45%. And on the e-learning side, we're north of 30% at some point. So, if we do acquire 
something less than those numbers, then our goal will be to get them to that level in 6 months to 
18 months. As of now, we're not expecting any margin erosion as we scale either organically or 
inorganically. 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
 
Darshil:  
 
Sure, thank you so much. I wish you all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Mahesh, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Mahesh B P: 
Hi, Rahul. My question is on e-learning. E-learning is roughly 25% of total revenue currently. 
What is the target number by FY ‘27 or FY ‘28? 
Rahul Arora: 
The target number for us is the total number, which is INR 1,500 crores. We're not targeting any 
specific segment-wide split, because it's difficult to project that out over a three-year period. 
Second, majority of our growth is via acquisition, and a lot of that is dependent on externality. So, 
for example, the next one that we're envisioning is more in the platform space. 
So, there may be a point in time when the platform business suddenly becomes the second-largest 
segment. So, it's difficult to predict what the composition of the business mix will look like, so 
time will tell. But yes, definitely running towards the INR1,500 crores number. 
Mahesh B P: 
 
Okay. how would you break your e-learning revenue by practice in all verticals?  
Rahul Arora: 
We can think of our e-learning business in two ways, by geography, as well as the type of work 
that we do. So, geography-wise, we have the MPS Interactive, which is now marketed as EI 
Design. That entity is focused more on the global marketplace but delivered from India. Our 
Liberate entity is more focused on the APAC market, delivered from Australia and New Zealand. 
Our Swiss entity called MPS Europa is focused entirely on Europe and our TOPSIM entity is 
focused more on German-speaking Europe. So, there's a geographic split to it. In terms of the type 
of work that we do, we are comprehensive. We start from the very top, what we called learning 
advisory and consulting, that's the part of our business, when the entire engagement launched. 
Then we have a section on immersive learning, where, e-learning is more experiential in nature. 
So, gamification, scenario-based learning, video-based learning, story-based, simulations, etc. As 
well as, continuous learning, so, things like performance support tools, social learning, self-
directed learning, Content Curation, as well as, learning platforms and technology. 
We also have a series of products like Learning Planet, QuizBiz, Cyber Test, XR Optimus, and 
Learn Now. And then we are also involved with the delivery of training. Here, our role is slightly 
limited because we're more of a digital company, but we do support on the training delivery side 
where we focus more on, how training is delivered. So, it could be mobile learning, micro learning, 
blended learning, virtual training, and so on. 
Mahesh B P: 
Okay, thank you. So, last quarter you mentioned, you would look to acquire companies in the MTS 
space, right? Rather than growing it organically. Could you elaborate on what does MTS industry 
looks like, the size of companies, margins, etc? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, so just for everyone's knowledge, MTS stands for Managed Training Solutions or Managed 
Training Services, which entails the outsourcing of a large part of the entire learning and 
development function. So, if you're a corporate, rather than managing all your L&D, you outsource 
a significant chunk of L&D, possibly all of it.  
And what MPS has been doing, has been, we've slowly been activating what we call onshore/local 
presence in many markets. So, our acquisition of Liberate Learning was to that end. Our presence 
in Switzerland and Germany is to that end. And the goal, of course, is that, for example, if you're 
working with a Fortune 1000 global corporate, and they're looking to onboard us as a globally 
managed training services provider, we're able to manage the global L&D budget and the global 
L&D rollout. 
So, we've been slowly and gradually working towards that. We've got the APAC market covered. 
We've got the European market covered. Of course, we need expansion to the US and other markets 
when it comes to MTS. In terms of where we are with that, we are in mature conversations with 
some of our strategic star accounts about unlocking MTS. 
In terms of margins, yes, the MTS business tends to operate at a lower margin. So, for example, 
on average, in a standalone e-learning business, the industry margins of a reasonably good 
company are about 25%. In MTS, it's about 15%. We are not there yet in terms of becoming an 
MTS company. That's more of a longer-term plan. So, we don't see any short-term erosion of 
margins because of MTS. Currently, we're in the phase where we are building the ingredients for 
an MTS business. 
Mahesh B P: 
Okay. My last question is, how does the merger and acquisition environment look like, especially 
given the high-interest rate environment? 
Rahul Arora: 
We've gone through a period where the market was a bit dry in terms of transactions available. 
Despite that, MPS has not seen any slowdown. So, our framework is slightly different. We depend 
less on intermediaries. Since we're so active in the space, we're positioned as thought leaders. 
We tend to go directly to the owners of companies because we know them. And some very often, 
approach us as well. In fact, even Liberate Learning, though it came through an investment banker, 
Rod and his team had given the investment banker directions to come to us.  Historically, yes, the 
market was seeing a slowdown. We didn't see any slowdown. But going forward, we are seeing a 
pick-up in terms of transaction activity. I'm seeing a lot more investment decks on my desk than I 
have in the last 12 months. We've seen two of our competitor’s complete acquisitions in totally 
different spaces in the last couple of months. 
So, we are seeing more activity in the M&A market on average. But we never did see a slowdown 
either. So, yes, there is some more opportunity available in the marketplace now than 12 months 
ago. Interest rates have not affected the volume. And in terms of valuation, we've been very 
disciplined historically, and will stay disciplined. 
 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Even now, since we are looking at things like 5x and 6x, even that small step-up makes us 
uncomfortable at first. But we are operating in this new expanded world because we're acquiring 
growing businesses. So, there could always be a valuation expectation from the seller. But we are 
highly disciplined. We have an excellent track record. And we will stay disciplined. 
Mahesh B P: 
 
Okay. Thank you, Rahul. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Arjun Balkrishnan, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Arjun Balkrishnan: 
Thanks, Rahul. So, I have a couple of questions. So, one is, as you grow inorganically doing these 
acquisitions, I'm a bit concerned about how you're managing them once the acquisition happens. I 
guess you have several companies to eventually manage. So, are you making some org changes or 
structural changes to ensure there is no leakage of people or revenue or profitability as you become 
a larger company, but a bunch of smaller companies put together? 
Rahul Arora: 
Excellent question. I think that going forward, that is the biggest focus. Historically, if you look at 
prior to Liberate, it was all about acquiring, operating, and turnaround. In E.I. Design, of course, 
there was no turnaround, but it was acquired and operated with Asha, who was the promoter of the 
business, stepping down. 
So, it's always been promoters exit and we enter the management team phase, but the promoter 
exits. And now what we're seeing is promoters want to stick around. In the Liberate case for quite 
a reasonable, sizable period. With future acquisitions as well, for example, the platform one that 
I’m describing, the promoters want to become senior executives in the senior management team 
of MPS. 
So, what we are making sure is that while we, of course, in the Diligence process, covered things 
like Financial DD, Tax DD, Legal DD; we also focus on cultural fit and alignment of values. So, 
first, you spend time, even before you pick up the DD process, to see if we can work together as 
people. We have had opportunities that we've walked away from. Even though we'd like the 
numbers, we'd like the business, but we just couldn't see ourselves working with that promoter 
group. So, there's a first initial analysis at a very high level, as people can we work together. And 
secondly, in the diligence phase, for the first time, we are looking at things like culture, values, 
and mission alignment.  
And then post-transaction, the setup is very different. I think rather than acquiring and operating, 
the focus now is, how I can personally, be an advisor, a sounding board to the promoter, help them 
think through difficult decisions, rather than telling them what to do. 
So, Liberate, is an excellent example of achieving that. So, Rod and I speak once a week, and I'm 
helping him think through difficult things. And quite often, I open it up as well to him, where I am 
thinking about certain things, and he helps me think through complexities. Because owners think 
differently, always. So, I am thinking of this as a tremendous opportunity to upgrade the quality 
of management in the company. Because the ownership mindset is very different. And I expect 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
that we will see a significant upgrade in the quality of management at MPS, the quality of 
leadership at MPS, through this expansion drive. 
We are also making sure that the goals and the expectations with the founders are set up in front 
of what life would look like and what would roles look like before the acquisition is completed. 
So, we have very tight employment agreements. We, in fact, also put down on paper a delegation 
of authority matrix, which tells them upfront, that this is the level of authority you will have post-
acquisition. So, there's a lot of detailing that is going on. And the goal is to upgrade the quality of 
management and leadership in the company. 
Having said that, we of course know of various examples where companies have gone through 
such expansion. There's an excellent company called PDS, which went through this kind of 
expansion in the garment space. There's a Harvard Business School case study on the PDS 
situation. And what they did was basically, that they identified that they had a bunch of cowboys 
in their entrepreneurs, who were extremely successful in their individual businesses but were 
struggling to collaborate. 
So, what they ended up doing was, firstly, they did not consolidate. So, they continued to own 70% 
- 80% of the business, but they left 20% -, 30% behind. And they created incentives for them to 
collaborate. On the latter, this is also what we're looking to do through the ESOP plan as well. The 
ESOP plan is focused on making sure that everyone is invested in moving the ship and not their 
component. So, there are lots of things happening, but this is something that is extremely top of 
mind and we're paying a lot of attention to. 
Arjun. Balkrishnan: 
Thanks Rahul, And I mean, on the other end of the spectrum, there's a huge opportunity to cross-
sell and improve opportunity size for each of your operating segments. How are we planning to 
achieve that part of the opportunity? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, what we've identified is we are now servicing over 600 customers. And I think someone on 
the previous earnings call said that you guys should just switch off from new customer acquisitions 
and just service the current customer base. I won't say I'm going to switch off on adding new 
customers. I thought the gentleman was exaggerating to make a point, which was there's so much 
opportunity within this captive customer base that we need to work hard towards converting the 
opportunity into reality. 
So, what we've done. We've rolled out what we call a Star Account strategy. We have figured out 
that there's no way that we can have strategic partnerships with each of the 600 customers. So, 
we've identified last year specific customers as Star Accounts. And the goal was, today, you have, 
on average, two or three lines of business servicing an average STAR customer, double it in the 
next two or three years. 
The STAR initiative was highly successful as a part of our Going Gestalt strategy. And now we've 
scaled that to a total of 100 customers and we call that the Supercharging Gestalt. So as of today, 
we are focusing on about 100 customers. But in some of them only identification has happened 
right now, for some of them, they are more mature, and in those mature customers they have been 
informed about their status.   

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
So, the goal, of course, is to see how we convert these current customers identified, and scale up 
further. But I think for the next couple of years, we are going to be focusing on these 100 
customers. And when we identified these customers, these are just our largest customers. We, in 
fact, focus more on where the potential is. So, it's not about size, it's about potential when we 
identify these customers. 
Arjun. Balkrishnan: 
And last, I mean, very generic question, out of curiosity. Though I'm just a recent investor from 
the last two years. I'm looking at historical concalls and your commentary. I just noticed in the last 
one year or so, you've become a bit more aggressive in terms of commentary. And I know you're 
still conservative that you move forward-looking and then you set yourself for the five-year target. 
What has changed in the market Rahul, since, you were in business in 2010 to say, 2017, 2018. 
And I see a big shift in the way you're trying to sell yourself to the market as well as, I mean, the 
general bullishness. What has changed over the last decade or so, if you can answer that? 
Rahul Arora: 
So two things, right? So one is personal, and one is professional. So personally speaking, I was 31 
years old, when I became CEO back in 2015. So youngish CEO, obviously been a tremendous 
personal leadership journey that's taken place. I have evolved as a leader, personally speaking, 
both in terms of expertise, but also in terms of experience. I've gone through two highly 
transformational experiences, one at the Wharton School of Business, where I attended the 
advanced management program back in 2018. And right now, I am in the final leg of the 
Owner/President program at Harvard Business School. I graduate from that program next month. 
So, there's been a huge personal leadership journey that I have gone through as a leader, but also 
there's a significant leadership journey that our management team has gone through. We've seen 
three evolutions of the current management team. We are in the third evolution. As owners get 
added as management gets increased, there's also an evolution. 
So, I think what's happening is, yes, there's a market element to this, but there's also a maturity at 
a company level, at a management level. My personal leadership but also my team's evolution. 
And I think that we are communicating what the business is. We're not doing anything extravagant. 
So, all we do is earnings calls, we do maybe one investor roadshow in the year. So, we are very 
conservative in how we communicate to the marketplace. 
But I think we are getting more organized in our approach and getting ourselves organized is 
possibly showing in our communication. So, I always believe anyone who can think in a structured 
way is an effective communicator. I think we're getting more effective in our communication 
because we are moving forward in a structured manner. 
Arjun. Balkrishnan: 
Okay, thank you, Rahul. Thank you for answering all the questions and all the best.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Arjun Goel, who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Arjun Goel: 
Hi, Sir. I had a question on the capital allocation and dividend point. So, if you complete the INR 
50 to INR 70 crores platform acquisition perspective, do you think there is a scope for another 
final dividend or a buyback at the end of the year, given the INR30 coming in now? 

 
 
MPS Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. So, we must complete the acquisition first. And will then assess the level of cash. We then 
need to go to the Board; the board has to approve and further recommend. So there's a whole 
process and journey through this. I can just state what my preference would be, that in May, sitting 
in a position where we may re-distribute capital, higher than what we are doing right now. But 
again, that's my preference. I don't know what will end up happening. And of course, the only rider 
on that is suddenly, if you have an acquisition that's significant at that point in time. We do not see 
that right now because this was the first time, we are looking for two acquisitions in the same year. 
So, we probably want the system to digest this expansion. And the management team to digest 
these two acquisitions before we start pursuing more. So, my preference would be, like I said, 
redistributing capital again higher than what we've done right now. 
Arjun Goel: 
And if I'm not mistaken, I think in FY'23, the overall payout was slightly lower than historical, if 
I'm not mistaken because in preparation for acquisitions, if I'm not mistaken, right? Correct. 
Rahul Arora: 
Correct. So, we thought we would need more than what was deployed. And the moment we 
understood that we would not need that much, we decided to distribute to the shareholders. So we 
had some pent up cash and that's why we decided to declare an interim dividend rather than waiting 
till the end of the year. 
Arjun Goel: 
Okay, fair enough. And best of luck for the rest of the year and the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference to Mr. Rahul Arora 
for closing comments. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you for your active participation in our earnings call. We appreciate all your thoughtful 
questions and your intellect. As I always say, your unique outside-in perspective keeps us active 
and helps us to learn and improve. I also want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to 
each of you for your continued support and respect. Our journey together has been quite 
remarkable and we're seeing a tremendous opportunity here to supercharge what we've done over 
the last couple of years. Finally, I look forward to your continued support, feedback, and 
partnership mindset. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. No unpublished price-sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
