 
 
 CIN : L30009GJ2003PLC043419 
                     
October 26, 2023 
To,  
The Listing Compliance Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
‘Exchange Plazza’,C-1,Block G,  
Bandra kurla complex (BKC),  
Bandra (East), Mumbai-400 051,  
Maharashtra, India  
 
Symbol: MACPOWER  
Series:EQ  
ISIN: INE155Z01011  
 
Subject: Submission of Conference call transcript.  
 
Dear sir/ Madam,  
 
The Company had organized a conference call for the Investors on Monday, 
October 23, 2023 at 2:00 PM to discuss the financial results for the quarter 
and half year ended on September 30, 2023.  
 
The transcript of the said conference call held with the Investors is enclosed 
herewith. The Company shall also disseminate the above information on the 
website of the Company- www.macpowercnc.com.   
 
Request you to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours Faithfully 
For MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LIMITED  
 
 
 
RUPESH MEHTA 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DIN: 01474523 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
RUPESH 
JAGDISHBH
AI MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
RUPESH JAGDISHBHAI 
MEHTA 
Date: 2023.10.26 
14:53:02 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
MACPOWER CNC MACHINES LTD 
 
Q2 & H1FY24 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
 
Management Team 
 
Rupesh Mehta – Chairman & Managing Director 
Nikesh Mehta – Whole Time Director & Chief Executive Officer 
Rajnikant Raja – Chief Financial Officer 
Kishor Kikani – Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q2 FY24 Post-
Earnings Conference Call of Macpower CNC Machines Limited. 
Today on the call from the management, we have with us Mr. Rupesh 
Mehta, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Nikesh Mehta, Whole 
Time Director & CEO; Mr. Rajnikant Raja, CFO; and Mr. Kishor 
Kikani, Company Secretary.  
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, this is a reminder that this call is being recorded.  
 
I would now request the management, Mr. Rupesh Mehta to detail us 
about the performance highlights for the quarter that went by, the 
growth plans and visions for the coming years, post which we will 
open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Good afternoon everyone. I'm Rupesh Mehta, CMD of Macpower 
CNC Machines Limited. Dear friends, first of all, I earnestly welcome 
you all to Q2, '24 post result conference call. I would quickly run you 
through some of the regional highlight first. Then we will latterly 
discuss about our upcoming plans and growth.  
 
So this quarter has been marked by Macpower's remarkable, highest 
performance in our history in all aspects. I am delighted to announce 
that our company has achieved the highest number of machines we 
dispatched in Q2, 332 machines we dispatched in Q2, which is the 
highest in our Macpower's history and second highest ever order book. 
Right now we have -- that is already in presentation, it is nearly 
INR190 crores. We have a breakups also in detail. VMC, HMC, VTL, 
defense including everything we have INR190 crores pending orders 
right now with the advance amount of INR 9.38.  
 
Whatever the order we have right now, it is with the advance only. We 
not consider any of the order where we are not getting any advances. 
So we are the highest in 332 numbers of machines, highest in the 
topline by 63.10 Cr, highest in order book, highest in the EBITDA 
margin, 14.33%, highest PAT margin, nearly 9.75% to 9.8%, 
something like that. So this quarter is the recorded -- record quarter for 
the Macpower. Most of the details we had given you in the 
presentation. So if you would like to have some idea please get the 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
3 
 
presentation from the Vinay and Kaptify team, they make very 
beautiful presentations.  
 
Right now we have a 745 turning machines, 261 VMC machines, 7 
VTL. It is Nexa product and defense. Including everything we have 
INR190 crore pending order and secondly what we have done, the 
biggest game changer in Q2 was that in direct-indirect expenses in 
India, in the manufacturing sector, in our peer companies we have the 
lowest direct and indirect costs. If you compare Q2 last year versus Q2 
this year there is a minor difference in direct indirect expenses in 
terms of the value. But in terms of the percentage it's nearly 17%, 
which is the lowest in India. I have a study of other peers company. 
Nobody have less than 24% to 25% operating costs. So we controlled 
the operating costs, kept it the same, and improved the production or 
productivity. What took 11 days earlier, we did it in eight days. We 
have made a lot of effort and improved the order book also.  
 
We have sales force in India of 44 something, now it is around 79, and 
we are increasing the force to 100. So it was an all round effort, 
distribution, production capacity, backward integrations, whatever we 
performed, we got the benefit in Q2. And I'm talking about the 
defense, six month order of defense, it is almost neck to neck with last 
year. Still we have another six months. So defense business will 
almost increase by 40% to 50% which is the higher end machines with 
the high technology and high margin machine. So if we talk about 
tender, about bid, tender bid are INR170 crores. We have bid for 
INR170 crores already which are yet to be open. The domestic figures 
are INR 384. So five… 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
INR554 crores is the total bid submitted, out of which domestic is 
INR384 crores and tender is INR170 crores. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
So if we talk of overall business, we have highest revenue, highest 
EBITDA margin, highest PAT margin and the utilization of the 
increased plant capacity, sales distribution network increased and all 
the figures are in the presentation, I think, Mr. Vinay. You have put all 
the figures right, should I repeat them? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
No, no, no, sir. I think you can talk more about your plans going 
forward. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Okay. So overall, this order book, which we have of INR190, if I talk 
about that, it is not a one time order book. Every month if we dispatch 
four machines, we book a new five machines order. So the order book 
keeps on going plus or minus day to day. But on average order 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
4 
 
received versus order dispatched we are in plus around 20% to 25% 
every month. So for the next phase, we need to increase the capacity. 
So we were going to increase to 1,500 to 1,800 for the next financial 
year, in the last meeting we have decided to make it 2,000 capacity, 
which will cost us near about INR8 crores to INR 10 crores.  
 
Second now in the sales and distribution 79 people are working in 
approximately 30 branches in India, that we are going to increase to 
100, and they are joining in the next month. So we are strengthening 
the distribution network, strengthening the production, doing 
productivity improvement and controlling cost.  
 
So I believe that in the next quarter, as usual 10% to 20% growth with 
same expenses and EBITDA margin will increase and the PAT also 
will be increased, and order book will be increased. So this journey 
begins now, and after that 2,000 machines there are some challenges 
of raw material key like turret and ATC [ph] [00:09:40] which is the 
highest value component after CNC control, the turret value is INR 1 
lakh, ATC is of INR1.5 lakh. We are currently outsourcing that. Now 
we have started it in house for which we need INR12 crores to INR14 
crores, which will be funded by in-house funds, and the realization of 
that will be 9 months to 1 year, which we have already recruited the 
team and the machine selection has been done.  
 
So we will increase the EBITDA by backward integration, we will 
increase the EBITDA by controlling the expenses and we'll try to 
jump the revenue quarter to quarter every time because market shares 
of Macpower is not even 2%. So all the market is open for us because 
basket wise we have 335 models, which is the highest I think in India 
compared to our peers company we are neck to neck or highest in 335 
variants. We have a neck to neck distribution network. Wherever they 
have a sales and service office or tech center we have the same thing 
there. We have lot of opportunity for the next Q3, Q4 or coming five 
years.  
 
As we committed every year we will bring 20% to 25% growth. So we 
will continue this journey and for that we have already proved in Q2. 
In Q3 the order book, increased production, and also the order flow in 
the festivals, we will definitely give more surprising results in Q3.  
 
Thank you, Vinayji. If you want to give something from the 
presentation, please do so, Vinay. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, I think you covered all the points.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
5 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Okay.  
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
I would request participants now to use the option of raise hand to ask 
questions. Anybody who wishes to ask a question may use the option 
of raise hand.  
 
Sir, we'll take the first question which has come in chat from Mr. 
Ankit. His first question is what is the timeline for completing this 
INR190 crore order book?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
As I said, INR190 crore is today's number, of Q2 closing. As on 
today's date that number has increased, because whatever we dispatch 
every time, for example if we dispatched INR25 crore and INR30 
crore remains, that order book will not be completed of INR190 crore, 
but will keep on increasing. This is not one time order. It is the Q2 
ending figure. Day by day it increases, as the ratio of dispatch against 
order receiving is more by 20% to 25%.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
The second question is what will be the revenue at 2,000 machine 
capacity? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Revenue, EBITDA margin will increase definitely with 2,000 
machines, as the fixed costs is higher. When your top line increases 
the margins also jump up, like now we have 14.28%. What is it, tell 
the figure of 2,000. 14.23%, at 2,000 machines I believe we can go to 
16% to 17%.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Sir, his question is at 2,000 machine key capacity what will it -- how 
much revenue will you make?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Average unit price is INR20 lakh, of higher end and regular machines. 
So at 2,000 machines the plant capacity will be 400 Cr. 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
And sir his third question is which sector is contributing to the best 
demand? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Even now consumptions wise, it is automobile. Overall 20% to 30% 
consumption is of that only. Otherwise as I have mentioned in the 
past, more than 3000 segment, die and molds, aeronautic, defense, 
general engineering, pharma, all have the requirement. The most 
business that Macpower gets is general engineering or automobile 
sector or defense. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
6 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks. We'll take the question from Shyam Maheshwari. Shyam, you 
can unmute and ask your questions. 
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Yeah, thanks and congratulations sir on a good set of numbers. Sir, my 
first question is you are saying that there are tailwinds coming in the 
industry, are you seeing it across the industry or we have done 
something differently due to which we got such great numbers?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Industries have not done much, it seems, as it is not more than 5%. 
But Macpower market share, if you see, it was very less, top six 
companies of India have a 90% market share, like the Bangalore-
based company's turnover is INR2000 crore. After that BFW is 
INR1,300 crore, LMW is INR1,500 crore. So other company are 
performing very well because their plant and machinery investment, 
and their operating cost, due to that their topline is big. Against that 
their interest is very high, and their operating cost is very high. I have 
never considered revenue as a business model, as these people have 
taken $1,000 crore debt on $1,000 crore, against that their operating 
cost, the metro city they operate in, it came to 25% to 26%.  
 
So if you see the margin, no other company has such margins. I have 
always focused more on margins and keeping us debt free rather than 
topline. We did excellent as the market was empty. So we increased 
the distribution network. We didn’t have plant capacity before, so it 
was no use to increase distribution. Now the plant capacity has 
increased, we have increased to 1,200 from 600 and then 1,500 from 
1,200 and now 2,000. So I will definitely say that the execution of 
everything in Macpower was 75% and 25% is of the market.  
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood, sir. Sir, on the capability side you mentioned a few 
names. You spoke of Bangalore-based Company. So capability wise 
what are these companies doing better in terms of generating so much 
revenue? Do you see a capability gap that they are doing better? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Their own distributions network is very big, production capacity was 
very high, and against that their debt is very high. So we have made a 
gradual growth model, of 20%, 25%, because some companies 
doubled the capacity in one or two years. And for that they took on 
substantial debt. It took two to three years to get the realization for 
them. I had kept a model in which we focused more on margins rather 
than topline. The operating cost should be low, there should be no 
interest cost, because what they are doing on INR1,000 crore, earning 
2%, 3%, 4%, no one has 5% to 6% PAT.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
7 
 
So if I do even INR500 crore, I generate more revenue -- I will 
generate more PAT then them. The difference is they have capacity. 
See against INR190 crore pending order, you are dispatching INR22 
crore, INR23 crore. Even now we have delivery challenges, we will 
also have to increase the distribution network. If I want to do these 
deliveries overnight, I will have to incur a CapEx of INR200 crore or 
INR300 crore. But the utilization of that CapEx won't come like the 
plastic bottle or PVC pipe plant, as just by putting money or CapEx 
the output won't increase, you also need skills, because this is a highly 
technical skilled component and backward integration is happening.  
 
The turret that I was talking of the realization will be minimum one 
year. So we are keeping the model of gradual growth and remaining 
debt free and focusing on the margin. If we have 10% margin, we 
should increase it not lower it. If we want to expand in line with them, 
and make 2000 to 5000 machines, which is possible with the new 
land, new plant and machinery. But the time has not come yet to do 
that. Still we can product INR500 crore turnover in this plant only. 
The phase to divert the focus and make a 3,000 machines plant is after 
two years. The model of these people and ours is the same. We have 
the same product as them, the distribution network is similar. It is 
neck to neck competition. Some companies do not have the models 
that Macpower has.  
 
The main thing is that in the past we made the maximum models, and 
spent money on R&D, on capacity. Now the realization has started in 
real time. We will continue that journey. But the mistakes which in 
have observed in my peer companies, that is High operating cost, 
direct-indirect and high interest cost. I have kept my model different 
from day one, that we focus on these things rather than top line and do 
20%, 25% growth and I believe that after INR500 Cr, we can go till 
20% EBITDA.  
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood sir. That's very encouraging. One more question I had on 
the industry landscape. We were reading that CNC machines tools 
even now 60% are imported in India, majorly from China also we get 
a lot of machines. What is your view there? Is there an import 
substitution play also that is possible? Or capability wise, is there any 
edge that these imported machines have? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, it is very little imported. There are very less machines coming 
from China. But they are cheap and entry level models, in which we 
have beat China with the same and higher end features in Indian price, 
with German technology, German control, and Macpower has 
captured that market one sided, lower end machine, entry level. China 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
8 
 
was only at entry level. Now it won't even be there after Macpower is 
aggressive in this entry level model also.  
 
Second is higher end machines, from 5-axis machine, from double 
column machine, boring, like automobile machine tools is a very big 
area. There are lot of machines, grinding machine that are being 
imported, which India is not making. What India makes, the number 
one machines are turning machines, whose import is negligible. 
Second is VMC, whose import is not more than 10%, then HMC, 
VTL. What India makes that is not imported very much. I myself have 
imported a 7-axis grinding machine for spindle from Switzerland. 
These machines come more which India is not producing.  
 
If we make those products against imports, doing backward 
integration or backward engineering, definitely that market is open for 
India, like HMC machines we used to import first. We ourselves have 
taken from Hyundai, Korea. We took it at INR2.5 crore. Now it is 
available in India at INR1 crore. So any machines India makes 
definitely the rates will be less than European and Japanese, the duty 
will be less and the availability of spares and service and reliability 
will be more. We are doing that business now, like VTL we have 
seven pending order and next month we are giving seven VTLs. What 
we had not focused on was our Nexa product.  
 
We are focusing on double column, in Nexa we are bringing a double 
column. We had imported that type of machine with our IPO funds. 
Now India is making them. So gradually it is a big opportunity for 
India. We are all making the machines which were not made in India 
and if we make the ones which we are not doing currently, the 
requirement is there in these models. Import is still more now, but not 
the products which India is making.  
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood. Because when I was seeing over a period of time even 
now 55%, 60%, such a high number of machines were being 
imported. So I was just wondering that didn't we as an industry think 
to put capacity and capture that market from the outside players.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, when we talk of machines, helicopter, aeroplane, tractor, 
Mercedes, Maruti, all this mix, the machine tools that are being 
imported are a mix of all these things. Every company won't make 
everything. Whosoever has expertise in grinding, will do in grinding. 
We six players who are in metal cutting, and the biggest market is of 
metal cutting. 75% of the market in India is of metal cutting. So we 
are six players in the 75% market of metal cutting. All of us have the 
products in that. But grinding technology is different. Then sheet 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
9 
 
metal technology like laser cutting and press pack, like the top cover 
of the car is made, that technology is different, but they are considered 
as machine tools.  
 
That is a different focus. Some are cutting, any metal cutting guy 
won't go into metal pressing technology. These are different segments 
which are being imported. But India has proved. In 2010, our import 
was more than 65%. Gradually with a lot of help from government. 
They give funds for R&D, for backward integration. So technically 
HMC, double column, five axis machines, which we have given lot of 
machines in defense, all these were not made by India, now it has 
started making. 
 
Even Macpower has started a new division, which is automation and 
robotics, which except for one or two people no one has it. It is in a 
growth stage in India. Many companies have got five to 50 machines 
installed. Now they have labor problem. So the robots and gantry will 
run those machines. One robot can run three to four machines. So we 
are starting that work. Even old machines of other companies or 
Macpower, if they want to automate them, so that no human labor is 
required, that work also we can do. We spent lot of money and time 
for that new development and technology. So there will never be any 
threat of imports, except for entry level model. But there was no one 
in entry level and Macpower's low operating cost, we have introduced 
some entry level models also in the market in which we have captured 
almost the entire market.  
 
I believe that even now there is a lot of opportunity, even if India 
makes 22,000, 25,000 machines and if we talk about China, even now 
their consumption per month is what India makes. Even now there is 
lot of scope for growth, and without machine tools there can't be any 
manufacturing industry. So government is also pressuring to lessen 
imports, and they are introducing duties and encouraging us through 
the association to make the machines which India is not making and 
say that we will give you all the support and help you require. Our 
target is that in the next five years we will come to 50-50.  
 
Shyam Maheshwari: 
Understood, sir. Sir, I have a few more questions but I'll get back and 
then go through the queue as there are people waiting. Thank you for 
that, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Shyam. We take the next question from Kush Tandon. Kush, 
you can unmute and ask your question. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
10 
 
Kush Tandon: 
Good afternoon sir. Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir I 
have read the presentation properly and also heard your comments. 
But still would like to ask one thing, in this quarter was there any big 
order, high margin order, or high value machine order, was there any 
such event or going ahead sustainable next few quarters we can 
sustain this kind of growth going ahead sir. That's the first question, 
sir. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The regular business which is going on, the segment's business it was 
the same business, defense, education, Navy or routine VMC and 
turning. High margins means the fixed cost, for example we produced 
338 machines and dispatched them, if we speak against that, we kept 
the operating cost and increased the production capacity, increased 
productivity. Overall the effect was due to that.  
 
Second was in backward integration, some components like telescopic 
cover and the spindle, 50% we used to make, 50%, we used to take 
from outside for turning machines, that we have made it 100% in-
house. Now in backward integration, some flanges, some low bars, 
some such small components which we used to take from outside, and 
some big components we made them in-house, due to which our 
logistic cost, rejection ratio, productivity and the cost of materials has 
come down. Against that dispatch was more and fixed cost was more. 
Due to all these factors this jump was there and this growth journey 
will continue.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay, thank you sir. Thank you. That is very helpful. Sir second 
question of mine was that you have put bids in defense and aerospace 
for INR176 crores and second INR554 crores bid is the overall, total 
number. What kind of success rate could you see in this which will get 
converted to order book, any ball park percentage or number?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Overall, defense tender, up to now my ratio is for L1, 10%. And for 
domestic also we get 15% to 20%. Plus we have not counted those 
bids which we have not submitted bids but they call and give repeat 
orders. That is 10% of total business in every month, in which the 
customer has 2 machines, he took in the last month and he sent a 
repeat order. Neither have we submitted a bid nor have we discussed 
with him, because it's a repeat order. Such orders are 10%. Order wise 
it will be that whatever we dispatch month on month, we will 
increased 20% of that in the order book every month. That is our 
target and definitely we are matching that target.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Understood. Now like we have INR190 crore order book and you are 
saying that daily orders are fulfilled and daily new orders come in. So 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
11 
 
will the INR190 crore number keep on increasing, Q3, and Q4 that is 
what you mean to say. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
You see Q1 closing. 
 
Kush Tandon: 
It was INR176 crore. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
INR176, it has become INR190 crores. Now when we speak next 
quarter it will be 20% more only.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay, okay. And sir, this 2,000 machine per annum CapEx, by when 
will it be done, when will it be able to come online?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The construction work has started. 45,000 square foot construction is 
going on. I think we will get the capacity utilization by '25.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
In '25, okay. And I had one simple equation, I am seeing inventory is 
INR80 crore on books. In that there will be finished inventory also, 
because you make something and then dispatch it, till the advance 
doesn't come. Can you tell that number?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, I can tell that. Now we have raw material of INR60 crore, 
approximately INR60.37 crores, which is being machined in the 
machine shop or is a finished machine or is raw material. Semi 
finished good we have of INR13.21 crore, which is being assembled 
on the shop floor. Ready machines are INR6.53 crores, which 
payments will come today, tomorrow, day after. It is ready against 
order. Due to holidays or delayed in making process, INR6.53 crores 
is ready which will be dispatched everyday or get added.  
 
Kush Tandon: 
Okay, thank you sir. Once again, congratulations. And all the best 
going ahead, sir.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kush. We'll take the next question from Vikram from 
Niveshaay. Vikram, you can unmute and ask your question. 
 
Vikram: 
Sir, my question -- first of all congratulation on a good result. Sir, my 
question was, you were saying you were backward integrated and you 
are going into turret and also auto control component. Sir, how much 
scope is there for us? You said INR1 lakh is the cost of turret and 
INR1.25 is of that, so how much will we be able to save after 
backward integrating?  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
12 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Rough workout we have done, according to that EBITDA will get 
affected by 2% minimum. It can be… 
 
Vikram: 
Meaning we will be able to save INR20,000 to INR30,000?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We will be able to save, after all the direct-indirect costs, after 
completely adding it, net margin 2% difference will be there.  
 
Vikram: 
Sir, second like you VMC market or your HMC machine, for which 
we have kept a dedicated sales team, and extra revenue they will 
generate. Now you were saying the number of the sales team, which is 
going to reach 100 from 44. Is this going to be completely in Nexa 
division or is it both, Normal, CNC 1 now…  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Normal including Nexa. Nexa doesn't require too many people. 
Normally Nexa customers are corporate customers. It is a big deal, as 
the entry level machine for them starts from INR50 lakhs, INR60 
lakhs, and goes to INR1.5 crores, INR2 crore. So Nexa requires just 
four or five people. Now in internal distribution we have created a 
separate team for a production series, and a separate Nexa team, and a 
separate team for regular machines. But in all the three baskets they 
help each other, that if someone wants a particular model or type of 
machine they forward to the concerned group. So indirectly all three 
help each other parallely. So now we do not have two teams, in our 
internal organization we have three teams.  
 
Now the recruitment we are doing will be more in the regular team.  
 
Vikram: 
Now this is the one in which we entered the lower entry market, for 
that also you will require these three teams?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We have not kept sales people for the low market, as that is a fixed 
price business, to beat China. We have kept a service person only.  
 
Vikram: 
That is 20% of your EBITDA… 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Continue. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We have not counted sales force in that. We have only kept service 
person, as it is a fixed catalog product and there is no other discussion 
in that. We are doing more in regular team, and in Nexa. We need five 
persons in sales there, but along with that we need 10 persons for 
applications, who will talk of programming and tool designing. So 
Nexa meetings will be more about technology, what will be my cycle 
time? In how much time will my product be made? What is the 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
13 
 
accuracy? What is the setup required to be done? How much fixturing 
will need to be done? How much tooling will be required?  
 
So for Nexa product instead of bare machines we have teams working 
on projects. It requires less team in sales but more for support, in 
application and designing on the field to talk about it. Second we are 
adding in Nexa robotics and gantry. The robotics and gantry team will 
work in Nexa and explain to the corporate customers that we can put 
the robot and gantry even in your existing machines and solve your 
manpower problems.  
 
Vikram: 
Understood. For us from the generally order in hand to complete what 
is the time period?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Normally, if I say, 25% of the people coming are the same month 
booking. For example if there is 100 bookings, 25% are such that I 
want in this month only. We call them book and bill, immediately. 
Rest 60% is in the next month, and the rest is in 90 days. So maximum 
cycle is of 90 days, in which if we talk from the manufacturing side, 
there is SPM machines, whose component's lead time and designing 
time is more. If we talk about customer side, their bank loan work is 
going on, their building work is going on, and their power work is 
going on. So from both the sides we execute maximum in 90 days all 
the orders.  
 
Vikram: 
Sir, what is the period in which the current order book of INR170 
crores, INR180 crores, will be executed? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, in that we can say that the customer delivery time is long, or for 
some customers in rare case the construction is not done, or their 
margin, like they won't take the machine without a bank loan, as they 
get a subsidy in that. So their bank process, their margin process can 
be delayed. So generally after the advance and order, after that we 
have a survey team, we get a survey done by them, when is your 
requirement for the machine, and process it, whether you have paid 
the margin money, the power is ready, the site is ready, according to 
that we analyze and send the name. For example if the order is of 
INR190 crore, they have done the analysis, that they will get the loan 
of INR30 crore in this month, and they have a genuine requirement, 
we will take the machine on the shop floor for which we have a 100% 
surety that they will accept delivery of that machine. If he occupies the 
shop floor and does not accept delivery and we make the INR190 
crore machine, then we will have a storage place problem and also an 
inventory problem. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
14 
 
So we have a separate analysis team, along with sales in the branches, 
they get the feedback form filled by the customer, that thanks you 
have given the advance. Where are you in the process now? Have you 
given the documents to the bank, given the margin? Is your power 
okay? So according to that we try not to block the shop floor. Overall 
the folks ask for the machines in 90 days.  
 
Vikram: 
Okay. And one thing you said at the start… 
 
Moderator: 
Vikram, we have quite a few people in the line as well as in the chat. 
Can you come back in the queue please?  
 
Vikram: 
Okay, sure.  
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Ritwik Sheth. Ritwik, you can 
unmute and ask your question. 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yeah. Hello sir. Good afternoon. Sir, my question is, you said on the 
call that you ordered for seven axis machine from Switzerland, for 
your work. So my question is, who is the other player who works four 
axis and above along with you, who is the other player in India?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Everyone does it. All the seven players do it.  
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, in volume. And in the INR190 crore volume, what will be the 
four axis and above split?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
I think every month we get one machine in dispatch. Every month, 
there is a minimum of one machine of four axis and five axis 
simultaneously. There might be 12 to 15 orders pending with fourth 
and fifth. 
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, and that value will be more than two, three axes.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yes, more.  
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Will four axis be 10% of the order book?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, four axis is very regular. There are three or four machines every 
month. But if we talk of the fifth axis after fourth, fourth and fifth, that 
is one machine per month.  
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Okay. Sir, capability wise which other player would you say 
they are better than us and we need to you know improve our 
technology in the higher axis? 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
15 
 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In our business there is no word such as technology. All six of us can 
make all the things. It depends on who is focusing on what thing, on 
what market. I don't think that in manufacturing capacity and 
capability -- during Corona time if Macpower, after seeing a video, 
makes a fully automatic machine, CNC machine with 17 axis, 1-7, to 
make N95 mask, it can make it in 3 months, because during that time 
the government told us during the lockdown that the country requires 
this. We made the N95 mask making machine, ISI, six layer, seven 
layer, 50,000 mask making machine per day.  
 
We had done a project which you much have read in the presentation 
in detail, in which we did a project for making engine parts for T-90 
tanks. We were L1, INR5.25 crore machine that was also a multi-axis 
machine, almost 9 axis. And for that the L2 was Sturrak Germany, 
INR24 crore. No one in India undertook that work. But we had a 
challenge that we can do this. Ms. Nirmala Sitharaman had given us 
an award, HVF factory (Heavy Vehicle Factory). So everyone has the 
capacity. There is no such product that these six players in India can't 
make. But everyone has a model on how to focus on business, because 
out of six, three companies do not participate in defense. Two 
companies are focusing on export to generate revenue. Each has their 
own distribution model.  
 
Macpower challenge was to increase production capacity more than 
distribution, because they have spent many years on R&D. Now the 
time has come for the realization, capacity has been built, so revenue 
was generated. Technology wise we believe all are neck to neck.  
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, okay. Thank you. Sir, my last question is on the industry, what 
is the size of the industry in India per annum, and you said that 60% is 
imported now. So what will be the total industry size per annum? 
What is the growth rate it is growing for the last three years? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Vinayji, do you have that figure, consumption and…? 
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Yeah so the total industry size is around INR18,000 crores to 
INR20,000 crores in India right now, out of which import is 60% 
domestic manufacturing is anywhere between INR7,000 crores to 
INR8,000 crores.  
 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay, sir. Thank you sir and all the best.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you. 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
16 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Pankaj Gupta 
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Namaskar, sir. Sir, what is the life of our machines? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It's the same like an automobile. It will work very well for 3 to 5 
years, then maintenance will come. You will sell the old machine. So 
take it same as an automobile, maximum 10 to 12 years. That too if 
you want to use it for cost generation at micron level, then 5 years is 
more than enough. 
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Is there like an annual maintenance service for tools, spares? So if you 
sell INR100 machines what will be the cost of the spare parts? And 
now in your business what is the fresh machines and how much is the 
AMC spare parts business? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
In the business model more is on quality or reliability and service 
model is there which gives brand name and repeat customer. So we 
want that our spare parts do not ever give any problem, and if that 
revenue increases that means your machines have more problem. I 
take it as negative. I do not consider it a revenue model. But still out 
of the total revenue of Macpower we have 1% from spares and 
service. But I will not consider that as a model, because if the 
customer has to change spare parts every year, then the performance 
of your machines is poor, which will indirectly spoil your brand and 
repeat customers, as they will not spend so much money that they 
have to spend it every year.  
 
So if your service and spares revenue is less after sales, then according 
to my knowledge it is an advantage as they do not have any problems 
in running your machine. But still it is 1%, but I will never consider it 
as a revenue model. 
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Sir, the machine orders which you sell, are they mostly standardized 
or there is a lot of customization required depending on the 
requirement of customers? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
60% to 70% are catalog products, no change. 70% to 90% have minor 
changes, 5% to 25% change. If you want a concept-based designing, 
for which we get more margin and money that is around 10%.  
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Sir last question, as you said, you do not consider it an order book till 
you get an advance, so quickly what is your working capital cycle? 
How much is advance and how many days till the final payment?  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
17 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, if it is an INR1 lakh catalog entry level model, then it is INR1 
lakh or 5% to 10% advance has to be given. And if SPM machine, last 
category which is 10%, which I said, has to be designed, in that you 
need to give 50%, and for minor modifications you need to give 25%. 
These are the rules of advance. We accept orders after that only. And 
the payment which you are talking about, no customer will get the 
machines without payment. You will get the machines after 100% 
payment. In exceptional cases if the customer is a old customer, 
connected with us, who needs the machine but whose loan has been 
delayed for one or two days, we give 1% of such customers this 
facility. The other outstanding is of defense, whose payment cycle is 
after unloading the machine they give 90%. 10% is after training, 
commissioning and job throughout.  
 
So orders are not without advance and no dispatch without 100% 
payment.  
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Thank you sir. If we want some technology, meaning if we want to go 
into six axis, seven axis, are you thinking of any technology tie-up or 
is there a requirement or we are self-sufficient in technology?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
We are sufficient. I think we spend 10 to 15 years for the technology 
only. Now the time has come for realization. We have made 17 axis 
mask making machines, not just seven axis, in which we configured 
17 axis. But the market for such things in India is niche, there is not 
such a market in India that requires such type of technology. Now 
there is requirement for mid-segment and higher end segment. There 
is no market for very higher end multi-tasking in India, as we do not 
have such costly manpower. When the need arises, like we are doing 
robotics and automation, that is the most difficulty technology 
according to me, because you have to automate other's machines, that 
is the challenge.  
 
So there is not such requirement for collaboration. But yes, 
collaboration in terms of the model, that we will sell your machines 
worldwide, and you sell machines which are not made in India, there 
are discussions on such models many times. We will do it when the 
time comes. But for technology Macpower does not require a 1INR or 
anything from other countries. 
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Thank you sir. Thank you, 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
You spoke about this cash model, advance of 100% payment, that's 
why if you see our cash it is always in negative. And always 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
18 
 
Macpower has INR20 crores, INR22 crores in FDs and liquid funds, 
that is the reason, that we buy the material on credit and sell on cash.  
 
Pankaj Gupta: 
Thank you.  
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Pankaj. Before we go to the next participant we have a 
participant who is not able to raise his hand, Ajay Surya. You can ask 
your questions. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Hello? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Yeah. Basically sir, I had this question. 
 
Moderator: 
Vikram you'll have to please hold. We have Ajay Surya who is 
wanting to ask a question. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir, this is Ajay on this line. I'm not able to join from my.  
 
Moderator: 
Okay, go ahead. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Yes, sir. Sir, as you said now, there is a four axis market in India now. 
So now if you are saying INR18,000 crore, INR20,000 crore market 
size, can we bifurcate, what is the market for this many axes?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, we don't have that much detail. But you can go to the Machine 
Tool Manufacturer Association website where the ministry figure is, 
but it is not that much. The biggest market in India is for turning 
machines, if you talk of number of machines. You match the 
automobile with our machine tools, you will understand the full 
machine tools business. If you take two wheeler, number of machine 
size, which means turning machines, the biggest seller is turning 
machines, for like two wheeler. After that is VMC, so take the car. 
After that you are talking of 5 axes, 7 axes, that is your 7 Series 
BMW, or S Class, you can consider all that.  
 
You can distribute it like that. But if you want exactly figure wise, 
then IMTA, Indian Machine Tools Association's website has a lot of 
data available in detail. 
 
Ajay Surya: 
Sir, one question was that our order book is very strong. What are the 
number of deliveries we are targeting, like the normal cutter machine 
target is 400 per quarter or the high end machines are 100 per quarter. 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
19 
 
What is our future target? And by when do we want to reach it in 
number of deliveries?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Average as per pending orders, per available inventory, because we 
need to have 14,500 component inventory. There are 325 variants. For 
325 variants, we have to manage an inventory of 14,500. Say for 
example, I had made an announcement, we got an order from BHEL 
of INR5 crore, and so if I give the machine to them tomorrow, they 
will take it tomorrow. But the glass for that I will get from Germany 
after two months, the CNC system after 2.5, the gear box is 2.5.  
 
So instead of going according to model, we go according to plant 
capacity and orders and against that the inventory that you have, so 
that your plant capacity gets properly utilized. If I give the INR5 crore 
to BHEL, they will take it. But it is not possible to make it so fast, 
because the components are unique. So to average out we have a per 
month target is mostly number of machines and the value of number 
of machines. So definitely quarter-on-quarter, as all of you know, in 
capital goods, the second is better than first, third is better than second 
and fourth is better than third. So it is the same pattern that is 
followed, because we have a huge pending order. And according to 
the economy, the order flow seen in the third quarter is big, and we 
have increased the distribution network through roadshows. We have 
a tech center in Jamnagar and through that we have captured 30% 
market share.  
 
We are opening a tech center in Coimbatore next month. We are 
focusing a lot on the south market, and we are getting good business. 
There is a home town for LMW and Ace Designer, which are the top 
two companies in India, we are getting business from there, because 
some of the technical things which is the unique in the Macpower 
model, that we have a 45 degrees slant bed, we use a roller guideways.  
 
Our machines have good production and productivity, compared to 
other machines is more. We have to prove all these things that we say. 
So the big players in the south, in their territories also we are getting 
good business. And we have executed many orders for VTL in 
Coimbatore, and we have orders for VTL higher end machines. So we 
will executive on number of machines and value wise. It will 
definitely be a plus quarter-on-quarter.  
 
Ajay Surya: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That's all. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks. We'll take the next question from Ruchit Shah.  
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
20 
 
Ruchit Shah: 
Hello, am I audible? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah okay, Ruchitji. 
 
Ruchit Shah: 
Sir, first of all congratulation. You were saying for a long time, we 
have increased the capacity and the sales growth will come, now this 
is a validation for us, that capacity and the number of machines we are 
selling have increased substantially. So congratulations for that. Sir, 
you are saying that our capacity will increase from 1,500 to 1,800 and 
even 2,000 too. So firstly by when will it happen and this capacity we 
have increased, but is there any other challenge which you are seeing, 
what challenges can come, to actually increase the sales that much?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
It is two things, 2000 machines won't happen just by putting CapEx. 
First we need construction. For that we need land. We have enough 
land. Construction is going on. Second we need manpower. We will 
make it available easily. Third, we need material. For anything to do 
production, you need machines, manpower and construction. We have 
prepared for all of that. Some components might give a challenge after 
2,000, that it is not available in the market in India. That component is 
spindle and turret and ATCs. Spindle we have already made them. 
Now we are making the spindles for the turning machines in-house. 
And we have VMC machine whose spindles we are currently 
importing from Taiwan. Those spindles also we have developed in-
house. It is in R&D since two months. Maybe in the next two or three 
months VMC spindles also we will make in-house, which we were till 
now importing.  
 
After that there are two challenges. We have to do the billing against 
the order book, as 99% people won't do it without bank loan. And 
Macpower is such a company in India which won't give credit. If my 
capacity is of 2,000 and if I don't get the money for 2,000, I only get 
the advance, then I won't realize on credit, even if 200 machines stay 
with me in stock. If you see quarter-to-quarter, I have made more than 
350 machine. But the realization is of 332, as they gave the money. If 
I give credit I will get realization for the entire 2,000, but I won't give 
credit, because in capital goods there is a rule of Macpower that it 
won't work on credit.  
 
So we will do realization of 1,800 machines from next financial year. 
And if we increase the order book, if I want to dispatch 2,000 
machines, why not book 3,000 machine order, 100% will go out.  
 
Second challenge will be to increase your sales force, and also service 
is as important as sales. So proper service and proper training to the 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
21 
 
customer and the availability of spares in their home town, in their city 
should be there. So we have to work on these three things and for that 
my Vice President is almost on the field, he keeps travelling, and is 
strengthening the branch, along with HR.  
 
Ruchit Shah: 
Okay. Sir, so you informed that basically for raw materials we are 
doing backward integration, and that too majorly after going above 
2,000, there will be challenges and that we are already addressing in 
one way. Credit is broadly a market thing, the requirement from the 
market and the availability to be there, that is not in our hands. That is 
from the market. So you said that overall in the industry, broadly our 
growth will come from two things. One our capacity has increased and 
majorly the growth that we get is from import substitution or from 
increase in industry size?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
No, our growth also comes from taking market share, because we are 
only capturing 2% of the market consumption. We do not have too 
much market share, adding up all the baskets together. Major share is 
from turning machines, second is from VMC. VTL, HMC, double 
column, entry level model, we didn't have any market share. Now we 
are increasing it. We can increase the total share of production of 
machine tools in India, if we increase the distribution network. So we 
want to increase market share.  
 
Second won't happen with increasing the market share. Once 
Macpower deliver had gone to six months. Then we had thought that 
we would not increase distribution network, first increase production, 
and productivity. This is a negative effect. So we have to balance 
everything. When the production increased then we increased the 
distribution network. Now we will first increase the production and 
then increase the distribution network. Service is also important along 
with that. So there will three major aspects for Macpower. For other 
companies there are four aspects. For them they also have finance 
issues, where to bring working capital from, where to get money for 
CapEx, then invest the CapEx, working capital and then the goods will 
come. Then the customer will come.  
 
Macpower doesn't have any challenge in that model, because it has a 
negative cash balance, we won't give credit. We have the reserve 
capital, with our own money. Since we have the money it won't be a 
challenge to Macpower. But when you are talking of 2,000 machines, 
then you will need lots of liquidity and CapEx. I have made that 
model zero, where we get the money from, we will have to take a 
loan. It will affect the margin, affect the PAT. That thing will never 
come in play. So we just have to increase the sales distribution 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
22 
 
network. Simultaneously equally important is service and spares, we 
have to strengthen it. We have 78, 79 persons in service in India, equal 
to sales. We have to grow that. And we have made a rule at Macpower 
that at every 40 machines one service person should be added. We 
have made different groups. There are different groups for 
commissioning and training. There is a different group for within 
warranty. There is a different group for out of warranty, chargeable 
base.  
 
So whatever the challenges come will be from an internal 
management side. I will not take external factors for challenges, that 
tom the market will shrink or market will go down and Macpower 
goes down. That will not happen. All the challenges are now in our 
own selves, because I have made so many products in the last 10 years 
that even if I bring two or three piece of any product the recession 
word won't come into play.  
 
Ruchit Shah: 
Okay, okay, sir. So I think you are basically saying that we are 
increasing the market share through getting into new segments, new 
products, strengthened sales distribution and service. One thing from 
the point of view of understanding, our average machine cost is 
around INR20 lakhs price. And if the industry size is INR20 crores, so 
will we be on the premium side or will the market average for 
everyone be around the same, INR20 lakhs?  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
According to me, based on my 35 years experience, and I have 
represented Indian machine tools for 12 years. I am an encyclopedia 
on this business, I won't believe for a big player, top six players won't 
be more than INR25 lakhs. Individual person who makes only one 
machine of INR1 crore, that is different, but the big company, INR500 
crore, INR1,000 crore, for them it is impossible to have a realization 
of more than INR25 lakhs, or INR30 lakhs.  
 
Ruchit Shah: 
Okay, sir, thank you. I think… 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks Ruchit. We go to the next participant. Mahesh you can go 
ahead and ask your question. 
 
Mahesh: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for opportunity. Sir just wanted to know 
out of the total requirement, I mean, the parts or components you 
require to make a CNC machine, how much do you make internally, 
and how much do you take from outside? For example like casting 
welding, motor, sensors. So how many things you make internally and 
how many…? 
 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
23 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
The important component needed to make CNC machines is CNC 
controller, which FANUC, Japan, Mitsubishi, Japan or Siemens 
Germany, these three companies have 95% market share. The biggest 
player in the world Datron and Mau or Mori Seiki or Haas 
Automation, he alone makes 10 times what India makes, and 
distributes it worldwide, he also has to take the control from outside. It 
is not possible in-house.  
 
After that Linear motion guideways is there, which are imported from 
Taiwan and Japan. Now Japanese company has put a plant in India. 
That too LM and ball screws are not possible in any manufacturer. 
Then there is sheet metal, consumables, if we talk about all these 
which is not possible. In terms of value if we talk, you have to take 
30% from outside. If you make all the things, you can't make more 
than 60% in-house. Macpower is around 35%. For market 
improvement and backward integration, there is still 25% space, like I 
said Turret, ATC, I said some machining. After that foundry, the 
highest value in machines, casting, that also we can do through 
backward integration. So I believe Macpower makes 35% backward 
components. I don't think any company does more than 60% or more 
than 65% in-house. It won't be that I am making 100%.  
 
Mahesh: 
Sure, sir. Sir, regarding when we supply machines to the customers so 
do we provide tools also? Or is it that the tools are produced by 
companies like Sandvik or Kennametal and so on. 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
If you want to supply in government and the last 10% that I said, SPM 
machine, which picture, cooling, you want a cooled up machine, you 
have to give to them. But very rarely they will take the tooling from 
us. We have to prove out the sample piece to them, whose tooling cost 
we have added to their cost. So this consumable they get from the 
local distributor, Sandvik, Kennametal only.  
 
Mahesh: 
Sir, if I look at next five years, do you think this industry can grow 
20% plus CAGR given the demand, manufacturing industry and China 
plus one and so many things are going on in India. Industry as an 
industry can grow in 20% plus for next five to seven years? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
See, India's manufacturing sector, these industry will never close 
down. No country can grow without this industry. The government 
also knows this, because machine tool industries is considered the 
back bone of manufacturing. The contribution of 15% by the 
manufacturing sector to the GDP, the government has a vision of 
taking it to 25%. Then only will we be said to be a developed country. 
Employment will be given by the manufacturing sector only. What is 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
24 
 
the primary requirement of that manufacturing sector? The primary 
requirement of that manufacturing sector is machines. If you are 
making textile machines you require machines. If you are making a 
plastic bottle you require machines. For power plant you require 
machines. If it's a dairy plant it requires machines. Engine parts 
require machines, defense, I have 3,000 segments of manufacturing 
which have a requirement for machines.  
 
So this segment will definitely grow. If the country's manufacturing 
sector is growing then this segment will have to work 10 times more, 
and in that 10 times we will have to work even more, because 90% of 
the market share is with these six companies.  
 
Mahesh:  
Sure. Thank you so much sir.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Great. Sir, we'll take one last question which has come in the chat. 
Usually H2 is better for our kind of companies versus H1. So beyond 
Q4 looking at FY25 do you expect similar business momentum to 
continue especially on the volume side? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Both sides. In '25, definitely revenue will increase by 25% to 30% 
minimum and EBITDA will also increase by 14.5% to 17% to 18% in 
FY25. 
 
Moderator: 
Right sir. Sir that was the last question for the day.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
How many participants, how many total persons were there?  
 
Moderator: 
Sir, there were 99. Now there are 72. People have logged off for other 
calls. Would you like to give some closing comments before we end 
this conference call? 
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Yeah, so overall what I said, thank you very much for spending your 
time. And first of all I would like to congratulate team Kaptify, for the 
beautiful presentation. I am saying from yesterday, it is attractive. 
Some technical things which are not in my mind, you have put that 
also, and the presentation is very good. So forward this presentation to 
all.  
 
The journey we have started, we have spent lot of time on R&D, to 
build capacity, so it took some time for us to give growth. But now 
our plane has taken off, the helicopter has flown, it will not stop now. 
I am giving this assurance, and this journey will end with India's 
growth, Macpower's growth. The market is open for us. Our customer 

Macpower CNC Machines Ltd. 
Q2&H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 23, 2023 2:00 PM IST 
 
25 
 
base and the ratio of repeat order is highest and we will continue that, 
and we will continue to make this growth. Thank you. Vinayji.  
 
Vinay Pandit: 
Thank you so much. And thank you to the management of Macpower 
for giving us their valuable time. And thank you to all the participants 
for joining on this call. You may log off now. Thank you so much.  
 
Rupesh Mehta: 
Thank you everybody. 
