The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051        
Symbol: RAYMOND 
RL/SE/23-24/183
November 10, 2023 
To  
The Department of Corporate Services - CRD 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, Dalal  Street 
Mumbai - 400 001        
Scrip Code: 500330 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub.:   Intimation pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 –Conference Call Transcript 
Please find enclosed transcript of the conference call held on November 3, 2023, with respect to the 
Company’s corporate initiatives. 
The transcript has also been uploaded on the Company’s website (www.raymond.in) 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Raymond Limited 
Rakesh Darji 
Company Secretary 
Encl.: as above 
RAKESH 
MULJIBH
AI DARJI
RAKESH 
MULJIBHAI DARJI 
2023.11.10 
15:58:52 +05'30'

Page 1 of 8 
 
 
 
 
“Raymond Limited 
Corporate Initiative Conference Call” 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
      
 
SENIOR MANAGEMENT TEAM OF RAYMOND REPRESENTED BY: 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. BALASUBRAMANIAN V – MD - JK FILES & ENGINEERING 
MR. JATIN KHANNA – HEAD - CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT 
MR. J. MUKUND – HEAD OF INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
MAINI PRECISION PRODUCTS LTD REPRESENTED BY: 
MR. GAUTAM MAINI -FOUNDER OF MAINI PRECISION PRODUCTS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. PRIYANKA TRIVEDI - ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 8 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the Raymond Limited Corporate Initiative 
Conference Call, hosted by Antique Stock Broking Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. Thank 
you and over to you ma’am. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Yes. Thank you. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I would like to welcome all the 
participants in the corporate initiative call of Raymond Limited. I have with me Mr. J. Mukund, 
who is the Head of Investor Relations of Raymond Limited. Without taking further time, I would 
like to hand over the call to Mr. J. Mukund. Over to you, Mukund. 
J. Mukund: 
Thank you, Priyanka. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining us for this corporate 
initiative call at such a short notice. I hope you have received a copy of a presentation, media 
release. I would like to urge you to go through this. 
We have with us from our Senior Management Mr. Amit Agarwal, Group CFO; Mr. 
Balasubramanian V , MD, JK Files & Engineering; Mr. Jatin Khanna, Head of Corporate 
Development. Also, we have with us Mr. Gautam Maini, who is the founder of Maini Precision 
Products Limited. 
Now I would like to hand over the call to our Group CFO, Amit, who will give you a brief 
summary of the company's corporate initiative. I would also request all the participants to limit 
the questions relative to this transaction only as we are currently under the  silent period related 
to Q2 results. Now over to you, Amit. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mukund. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on this call on 
such a short notice. I am pleased to share that the Raymond Group with its continued focus to 
further strengthen all its businesses has now defined a clear growth road map for its engineering 
business. To enable this Raymond Group is foraying  into fast-growing sunrise sector of 
Aerospace, Defence and EV components business through acquisition of business of Maini 
Precision Products Limited. 
Now let me talk about the transaction. Raymond Group would be acquiring 59.25% stake in 
Maini Precision Products Limited business for ₹ 682 crores, concluded through Ring Plus Aqua 
Limited (RPAL), which is a subsidiary of JK Files & Engineering Limited, which is a subsidiary 
of Raymond Limited. 
The source of funding for this transaction is a mix of internal accruals of engineering business 
and debt. About ₹ 85 crores is from the internal accruals of engineering business and ₹ 597 
crores is the debt, which is a combination of ₹ 342 crores of external debt and ₹ 255 crores of 
debt from Raymond Limited. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 8 
 
 
Such debt would be serviced by the engineering businesses as it would be on the consolidated 
balance sheet of the engineering business. The transaction will be subject to requisite regulatory 
approvals and is expected to be completed in the current fiscal year.  
Post the acquisition, Raymond will consolidate all the 3 businesses of JK Files, RPAL, and Maini 
Precision Products Limited and will form a new subsidiary (Newco). Raymond will hold 66.3% 
in the ‘Newco’ and the same will be positioned as a precision engineering focused subsidiary of 
Raymond Limited. 
 
The remaining shares will be held by MPP Group and the current noncontrolling shareholders 
of RPAL, which is 28.5% and 5.2%, respectively. On a pro forma basis, for fiscal '23, the 
consolidated revenues were over ₹ 1,600 crores with more than 60% of the revenues coming 
from export business and the consolidated EBITDA of the Engineering Group was ₹ 220 crores. 
 
Now let me talk about the synergies between the two businesses that could chart out an 
aggressive growth plan. The acquisition of the Maini Precision business aligns seamlessly with 
our business strategy of business expansion, market consolidation and overall margin 
improvement. Let me talk each one separately. 
 
In terms of business expansion, we are entering into the sunrise sectors of aerospace, defence 
and EV components, which have exponential growth potential. With a strong foothold in 
aerospace component manufacturing since 2004, Maini Precision has integrated 3 sub-verticals, 
aerospace engines, aircraft systems and aerostructures. This extensive experience positions 
Maini Precision to supply to the aerospace industry, leveraging long-standing relationships with 
the international customers. 
 
Furthermore, Maini Precision has forayed into defence programs spanning across land, airborne 
and naval platforms to collaborate and collaborating with major defence players from U.S., 
Europe and Israel. In terms of market consolidation, with this acquisition, we will be 
complementing customers to scale up the auto components business. 
 
Together, we will be catering to global top auto OEMs in multiple geographies, and we will 
leverage our existing relationships to sell MPPL products by enhancing our product portfolio 
and utilize Maini Precision existing global customer base to sell our existing products of JK 
Engineering Group. In terms of our margin improvement, the consolidation would help in 
deriving synergies and operational efficiency. 
 
We will be building operational efficiencies across manufacturing, supply chain processes, 
sourcing, product development and other operating cost synergies to supplement revenue and 
earnings growth for both the businesses. Along with the above strategy, we have an experience 
and a focused strong management team in place, Maini Precision Founder, Mr. Gautam Maini, 
with his entrepreneurial mindset will be leading our consolidated engineering business, driving 
growth and create larger value for the overall business. 
 
On a forward basis, we expect the combined business to drive a top line growth in high teens 
through exponential growth from the sunrise sectors of aerospace, defence and EV components 
and well supported by established auto components business. We also expect to drive EBITDA 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 8 
 
growth by over 20% through high-margin and high-growth sunrise sectors and operational 
efficiencies, as mentioned above. We also believe we will gain synergy benefits to the tune of 
250 to 300 basis points at a consolidated level. 
 
We expect to generate strong free cash flows from the profitable growth across the businesses 
with no major capex requirement for further expansion from these businesses, the free cash flows 
would be comfortable to service the interest and the principal repayment of debt of the 
consolidated engineering business. With this acquisition, Raymond Engineering business will 
emerge as a large-scale provider of engineering, automotive, EV, aerospace and defence 
components, distinctly positioned to target high-growth precision engineering segments with a 
significant presence across domestic as well as international markets. 
 
Raymond Group has always believed in the Make-in-India theme initiative, and this acquisition 
will also provide an impetus to China Plus One strategy that has been benefiting us across 
businesses. To conclude, I would like to mention that in its transformation journey, Raymond 
has been demonstrating affirmative actions in the form of selling the FMCG business, demerging 
the lifestyle business and shaping the scalable real estate business. 
 
With this acquisition aimed at growing the engineering business significantly, Raymond Group 
has reiterated its intent that it will continue to have 3 distinct vectors of profitable growth that 
will create shareholder value for each of our businesses. With strong free cash flow generation 
and no major capex requirement, Raymond Group will remain net cash positive post the 
transaction. I would like to express our gratitude for your attention and support. We are excited 
about the future possibilities with this acquisition, which presents for Raymond Group. Now we 
are open for the questions. 
J. Mukund: 
The first question is from the line of Himanshu Nayyar from Systematix. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Congratulations on the transaction. Sir, firstly, if you can -- would you be in a position to share 
some more financials on MPPL in terms of the sort of right margins that they do, the ROCE 
profile and whether there is any debt on their books, which will come in -- which we will be 
getting when we sort of acquire this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So thanks Himanshu. Actually, it's a very attractive business. FY '23, they delivered almost 
₹ 750-odd crores of revenue with almost ₹ 100 crores of EBITDA. I think that the whole business 
has a significant potential as they move forward more and more into the aerospace the margins, 
all of us know the margins at the aerospace business is far higher compared to the auto 
components business. So that is one which they have invested well into the businesses in order 
to drive the revenue and growth opportunity. 
 
The second thing is at this juncture because it is the business where you're supplying to the Tier 
1 and Tier 2 on the auto side, but also to the large engine makers in the aero side, which tends 
to be a larger working capital cycle. So, they have a debt to the tune of close to ₹ 285 crores to 
₹ 290 crores in the business. So that will obviously because it is a share purchase, which is a 
consolidation of that business so we will have that coming over. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 8 
 
 
And we look at it that as of now, they have invested decent enough for a good growth 
opportunities over the next 3 to 5 years. And as I mentioned earlier that we believe that the 
growth overall consolidated Engineering business should deliver high teens on revenue and 
clearly a 20%-plus growth in the absolute EBITDA terms. And obviously, synergy benefits. We 
have worked out, we believe, 250 to 300 basis points margin improvement for should also be 
there.  
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Got it. So, second bit was on the funding , source of funding, given that we had, I think, enough 
net cash on our books, both the consumer care business sale, what was the need for taking on 
external debt? I mean, wasn't there an option to completely take on the Raymond internal debt 
to fund this? 
Amit Agarwal: 
No, no. Absolutely, see what we thought is appropriate because the way it is structured is that ₹ 
682 crores, the way it will come is close to ₹ 600 crores is going to sit as a debt on the 
consolidated engineering business, which is partly the external debt, which is ₹ 350 crores, ₹ 
340 crores or and the ₹ 255 crores comes from Raymond as a debt. So effectively, within the 
group, external debt is only ₹ 340 crores. But for the Engineering business because we see a 
significant potential, they are going to service a debt to the tune of ₹ 600 crores. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
This ₹ 600 crores plus the ₹ 300 crores, which will come in, right? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, yes. So if you see this last year, they delivered a consolidated basis, ₹ 220 crores EBITDA. 
I'm saying to you, 20% plus growth. So, you see there is a substantial free cash flow generation, 
which is going to happen, which will be a very, very comfortable situation in terms of servicing 
the debt obligation. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
And what will be the cost of this debt, sir, if you can give us some numbers, the cost of debt? 
Amit Agarwal: 
It's the same as a AA company, what we are getting in the range of 9%, 9.5%. 
Himanshu Nayyar: 
Okay. Got it. And sir, final question from me on this acquisition now, I mean, the merger which 
you will do of the 3 entities, I mean, you have given the shareholding will be 66%. So, what's 
the sort of -- you would have provided some value to your existing engineering business to come 
up with this sort of a shareholding in terms of a swap ratio, etc. So how have you valued the JK 
Files and RPAL business, if you can give us some colour to arrive at the 66% shareholding post 
consolidation? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, look, it is a combination where we took the issue, what it was called, advisers who did the 
fairness opinion and valuation. And based on that report we have come to. And I think the value, 
including the debt, the enterprise value is coming close to ₹ 1,300 crores or so. 
J. Mukund: 
The next question is from the line of Sonam H. Udasi from Tata Asset Management. 
Sonam H. Udasi: 
I just wanted to understand, would there be a separate listing of this company post the 
consolidation. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 8 
 
Amit Agarwal: 
Okay. Thanks, Sonam. Look, at the end of the day, what we have been able to demonstrate our 
performance that we want to make sure that the company reaches to a certain scale and size and 
accordingly, it is appropriate to do the demerger. You have seen the demerger of our lifestyle 
business, which we did once we had a very clear stated objective that it becomes a debt-free, 
reaches a certain size, profitability established at that point of time. 
 
So, Raymond Group has clearly identified 3 vectors of growth, be the lifestyle, be real estate. 
And we have demonstrated and the Engineering business. We have demonstrated that we believe 
in a pureplay business. So, it is difficult for me to say at what point of time or what, but 
obviously, the natural course is set. 
Sonam H. Udasi: 
And just to understand more on the company being acquired and plants or manufacturing 
facilities located for them? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. So, most of the facilities are located in Bengaluru. And there is a good mix of facilities 
spread. And the best part is that you have the manufacturing facilities where you get very skilled 
workforce. And I think that's a unique advantage that Maini Precision has been able to get that 
people who come to work there, there's an ecosystem built who get a skilled workforce for both 
the sites, and it is located mostly on the outskirts of Bengaluru. 
Sonam H. Udasi: 
Okay. And if I may understand who will be the comparable companies for this company? I mean, 
so that just one gets an idea of what exactly they are into within aero and whatever else that we 
are talking about. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Actually, you will not have one company similar to that. I think Mr. Gautam Maini, because of 
his entrepreneurial capability, what he has developed is that he created first auto business, and 
he saw the opportunity of moving from auto progressing into the aerospace. So therefore, it's 
very hard to have any company which is there who are into auto as well as aerospace. 
So, you will have companies in auto components like we have Ring Plus, a similar company. 
You know what we have. But aerospace, there are different companies. I think the unique nature 
of this company in India is that they are into the engine components. And there's a long list of 
components every year slowly and steadily, they keep adding more and more components so I 
don't think, in any case, Gautam is here. So, we can ask him, do you see anybody comparable. 
Gautam Maini: 
No. So, I think the advantage that we have is that we started with the most proficient side of the 
business, which is the engine side. The engine needs more complex thinking, more complex 
processes. And therefore, with our high precision engineering, we started with the engine side. 
So, most companies in the aerospace business are in the structure or the system side, which we 
also do, but it's in a smaller portion. So, I think that's where we have the unique head start and 
advantage to be on the engine side of the business in aerospace. 
Sonam H. Udasi: 
Okay. And I understand that you will be heading this consolidated piece for the Raymond Group. 
Is that correct? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes, the consolidated engineering piece will be headed by , led by Gautam Maini. 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 8 
 
J. Mukund: 
The next question is from the line of Priyanka Trivedi from Antique Stock Broking. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
So, my first question is, if you could give us a sense on the industry of each and every segment 
that we are present in, like at what rate has the industry grown and at what rate it is projected to 
grow in the next 4 to 5 years? And also, versus how Maini has grown in the last 5 years and the 
trajectory going ahead. Excluding the Raymond Engineering business, how this segment is 
expected to grow going ahead? 
Amit Agarwal: 
Yes. Look, I think one there is the aerospace, defence. Obviously, the base was small. It has 
grown. As you can see that in FY '23, we delivered 23% of the revenue of ₹ 750 crores towards 
the aerospace. Now, we see clearly a potential 23% growing to almost 1/3 or so, 35%, 38% over 
the next 4, 5 years into the aerospace segment, which is a very fast-growing sector. But at the 
same breadth in the auto industry, what we are looking at as a unique opportunity here that 
globally, we say 10, 15 top OEMs auto OEMs are in the world, maybe 7, 8 we supply. 6, 5, 7, 8 
they supply. Now we get this complementary customer base, which we start sharing and then 
we have the potential to grow. 
 
So actually, the industry may grow at a slower pace, but we may grow at a faster pace. Plus, 
what is very unique is the EV space, which they have just started the business, which is way at 
a nascent stage, but we believe across the board that the way the transformation is happening in 
the auto industry that EV can become a very large business for us. So that could also take, let's 
say, on the traditional auto business, I think maybe 12% to 14%, 15% could shift to the EV side 
as well. 
 
So that's the way we are looking at it. The growth has been auto industry has been growing 
globally in the range of 4% to 6%. India has been growing 8%, 9%. I think we have been beating 
those numbers by far, both in the -- Raymond business as well as the Maini business. Correct 
Gautam? 
Gautam Maini: 
Absolutely. I mean the opportunities like Amit; you said is absolutely there. And I think the 
bigger issue out here is that the supply chain is being constrained due to several reasons. So, the 
overseas customers that had to ramp back from the aerospace business in a very, very large 
manner. The supply chains couldn't supply back to them. So, companies like us that has the 
capacity that has the capability to ramp up quickly, are taking complete advantage of this factor 
as well as the China Plus One factors helping us to drive it even better. 
Amit Agarwal: 
And just to supplement, with these guys, it's the most difficult to enter the space. But once you 
enter and you manage the quality right, I think in an aircraft, which cost you millions of dollars, 
I don't think the people would care for a $500 part that if I have to pay $500 or $550, I think 
most important is the quality and the safety is assured, you can continue to supply forever. So, I 
think that is one very, very big advantage, which has shown that the growth in the aerospace 
revenue at Maini precision that people have become comfortable to understand and accept the 
deliveries from these people. 
Jatin Khanna: 
And also additionally, the macro view of aerospace industry is very, very strong in India. 
Government of India is talking about maintenance of aircraft starting in 2025 and manufacturing 

 
 
Raymond Limited 
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 8 
 
of aircraft in India starting 2030. Now, as India progresses in to more and more, let's say, 
advanced technology in the aerospace, I think at least for a decade, this can be an industry which 
can deliver a very sharp growth. 
Gautam Maini: 
The other thing to add is EV has been in our blood. I mean, as a family, we were in EVs over 25 
years ago, and therefore, we understand the whole evolution of EVs, and we have been there at 
the beginning of this evolution. So, for sure, as a strategy, we are at the forefront to carve out a 
very effective strategy in the growth of EVs and hybrids globally as well as locally. So, I think 
that will definitely enhance and speed up the growth as the market is growing at a much higher 
pace than normal. 
Jatin Khanna: 
So just to give you a context, I mean, Reva was the car which was bought in India by many 
families. So, we have a lot of lineage in the EV industry in India 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. And my second question is in our auto business, if you could give us a sense 
on the product portfolio, how it complements with the Maini's product portfolios that could help 
better? 
Amit Agarwal: 
So, look, we are primarily into the Ring Gears and like space, which is on the transmission side 
and any products are across the engine and everything, and these are precision machine products. 
So, these are 2 sort of different products, which complement very well because the customer is 
the same, but it is not competing in any shape and form with the products which we manufacture 
at Ring Aqua or which is manufactured at our Maini Precision. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay, sir. And lastly, if you could give us a sense on the cash position and the debt position in 
our existing engineering business. 
Amit Agarwal: 
So as of now, before the acquisition, the company had almost ₹ 100 crores, ₹ 85, ₹ 90 crores of 
cash, practically no debt. That was the situation. And as I said, post this, the consolidated 
business by virtue of the debt, which is external plus the debt from Raymond into the 
Engineering business would be in the range of ₹ 600 crores from there. And the ₹ 300 crores 
coming from the ₹ 285 crores to ₹ 290 crores coming from the Maini's working capital debt. 
Priyanka Trivedi: 
Okay. So around ₹ 800 crores, right? Okay, got it. That's it for me. 
Moderator: 
We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Amit Agarwal, Group CFO, for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Amit Agarwal: 
Thank you. Thank you all for talking to us at short notice. We look forward talking to you next 
week for the earnings call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Raymond Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
