                                                                   
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
                                                                  
 
Date: 23rd October 2023  
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
 
   Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q2 FY’24 
 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am, 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 10th October 2023 regarding the Conference Call of the 
Company, which was held on Tuesday, 17th October 2023 at 04:00 P.M.(IST), please find enclosed 
herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts.  
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under the URL 
https://newgensoft.com. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
  Encl.: a/a 
 
AMAN 
MOURYA
Digitally signed by 
AMAN MOURYA 
Date: 2023.10.23 
17:12:27 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 17, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. 
DIWAKAR 
NIGAM 
– 
CHAIRMAN 
AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR - NEWGEN 
SOFTWARE 
TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. 
T.S. 
VARADARAJAN 
– 
WHOLE 
TIME 
DIRECTOR - NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
- NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
MR. ARUN KUMAR GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD (INVESTOR 
RELATIONS) - NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Please note that the transcript has been edited for accuracy purposes 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
of Newgen Software Technologies Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Ms. Deepti Chugh from 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited. Thank you and over to you, madam. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you. Good evening everyone. I am Deepti Mehra Chugh – Investor Relations, 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited, and I welcome you all to the Q2 FY2024 results 
of the company. Joining with me today on the call is the management. Mr. Diwakar Nigam, 
Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Varadarajan, Whole Time Director; Mr. Virender 
Jeet, Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Arun Gupta, the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
Before we move on to the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain 
forward-looking statements concerning Newgen’s future business prospects and 
profitability, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and the actual results 
could materially become incorrect from the forward-looking statement. Past performance 
may not be indicative of future performance. The company does not undertake to make any 
announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become materially incorrect 
in future or update any forward-looking statements made from time-to-time by or on behalf 
of the company. For further details, you must please refer to the Investor Relations section 
of our website. 
 
I would now hand over to Mr. Nigam for presentation of the results, which will be followed 
by a Q&A. 
Diwakar Nigam: 
Good afternoon and thank you all for joining us for our Q2 FY2024 financial results call. 
We are pleased to share that we are making significant strides towards our long-term vision. 
We continue to build upon the business momentum with four consecutive high growth 
quarters now. In Q2, we witnessed revenue of Rs.293 Crores up 30% Y-o-Y with robust 
growth across most geographies. In the recent months, we have witnessed a significant 
pickup in the market activity in digital banking space across different geographies. Banks 
are seeing enhanced business opportunity across the lending and trade finance space, that 
are our sweet spots. As a result, we have been making deeper penetration through our 
digital lending platform in the banking ecosystem. We are becoming a preferred and trusted 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
platform for leading banks for accelerating their lending business and simultaneously 
reducing the associated risks. 
 
We have received a number of high value orders during the quarter for this platform. Apart 
from this, during the quarter, we have also witnessed growth in order intake for the trade 
finance solution. We expect this market momentum to continue in the coming years. 
 
Talking about the different geographies, in India region, we witnessed a revenue growth of 
38% Y-o-Y during the quarter. We received significant order from both public and private 
sector Indian banks. A significant milestone for us has been the recently announced order 
from a leading public sector bank for development and management of their complete 
digital business platform of Rs 68 Crores. It is the largest order in terms of value for us so 
far, and an indication of how our solutions have found resonance with leading banks across 
the country. We are also working with one of the largest banks in India for their Agri 
lending solution. 
 
In the EMEA region as well, the digital banking acceleration is happening, and we are 
making deeper inroads and witnessing strong growth momentum. We have a revenue 
growth of 34% Y-o-Y during this quarter. In this region, we have been winning large value 
deals progressively. We are expanding business with our existing customers through 
additional cross selling opportunities, especially in the Saudi Arabia region. We have also 
added marquee new logos in this region. 
 
During the quarter, we signed a large project for a specialized banking under Central Bank 
of Saudi Arabia for digital banking. To further expand our footprint in this region through a 
local presence, we have established a new subsidiary in Riyadh recently. Also, another 
interesting new logo added in EMEA includes a leading private sector bank in Egypt where 
we are again working on a digital transformation project for business banking loan 
originations. 
 
In the America's region, we witnessed revenue growth of 30% Y-o-Y. We are building 
additional business with mid-size banks and credit unions. We have also added a significant 
new logo -  a leading global analytics and technology provider to the insurance industry for 
our content management offering on cloud. In addition, we have recently opened an office 
in New York to tap the market in that region. 
 
APAC has been relatively weak this quarter. However, the deal pipeline looks positive and 
overall, for the H1 we have still done great progress.  

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Overall, we are witnessing a strong growth in booking and billing in the first half of the 
year. This includes large orders from existing customers as well as new logos. We added 14 
new logos across geographies in Q2.  
Our annuity revenues are growing at 26%, and we were at Rs. 179 Crores comprising of 
subscription revenue of Rs. 90 Crores. License revenue continued to remain strong at Rs.51 
Crores during the quarter. Building upon the license and subscription growth in the past, our 
implementation and support revenues are growing as well. 
 
Coming to the product. At Newgen we are developing thoughtful solutions powered by 
content, AI, and analytics to automate workflow within a single platform. Helping 
enterprise to eliminate reliance on legacy point solution and becoming efficient. Our major 
initiative in banking AI is coming of age and is expected to give us rich dividends in the 
near future. Our innovation and deep understanding of the unique challenges, and 
requirements of customer help in adding capabilities and functionalities on our platform to 
meet the ever-evolving needs of the customers. From lending platform that streamline credit 
processes to sophisticated trade finance solutions, we are empowering banks to take a lead 
in this dynamic environment. In insurance, we have transformed areas like policy issuance, 
grievances, redressal, etc. We are happy to share that our SME lending accelerator has 
matured, and we see immense opportunities in this area given the large addressable market. 
Moreover, our accounts payable solution has been recognized in the Gartner market guide 
for accounts payable invoice automation 2023 reports.  
We have also expanded our integration portfolio through partnership with leading ERP, 
CRM, banking and insurance and cloud providers and being listed on their marketplace. 
This enables our customers to leverage our platform capability through their existing 
applications, making them efficient and more productive.  
We are now a global team of 3900 people working towards a common goal. In the last few 
quarters, we have been extensively focusing on retraining and retaining our young 
employees and building additional capabilities and efficiencies across different domains, 
especially product and delivery. With the attrition level stabilizing now across the market, 
our team is now maturing and working extensively in efficient implementation. 
 
On the sales and marketing front, we are further building upon the strengthening our 
partnership network. We are working with global consulting partners to give impetus to our 
sales in the mature markets. We have recently elevated our partnership with Coforge to 
deliver transformative insurance lifecycle management solution. We are also streamlining 
our direct sales team through strategic hires. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
During the quarter, we participated in leading industry events globally and had a successful 
customer meet in Philippines.  
We delivered healthy growth in profits and expanded margins during the quarter compared 
to the same quarter last year. 
 
Profit after tax was at Rs.48 Crores witnessing a growth of 59% Y-o-Y. During the quarter, 
apart from investing 11% of our revenues on R&D initiatives, the company invested 21% of 
the revenues on the various sales and marketing initiatives. On the balance sheet front, our 
net cash generated from operating activities for the six months period ending September 
30th was Rs.146 Crores. Our net trade receivables were Rs.316 Crores at the end of 
September, which resulted in a net DSO of 105 days. 
 
Last but not the least, we have been honored with the prestigious Mahatma Award for 
Social Good and Impact towards Quality Education showing our commitment to 
sustainability and community development. In an ever-evolving competitive financial 
landscape, our banking software solutions have not only thrived, but also have become 
indispensable to our customers. We have strategically positioned ourselves to be their 
trusted partners in navigating emerging trends in the financial technology sector. Our 
progress and positioning reinforces our optimism for the second half of the year. Thank 
you. We are now open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
take the first question from the line of Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. Please go ahead. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Hi, good evening and congrats on a very strong show. How should we interpret this phase 
of your momentum, is this an outcome of our regular go to market investments that just 
happened to fructify at this point in time today clustered together in a small time frame or 
the momentum that you are witnessing from the demand side of the genre that we have not 
seen earlier, to that extent that the super cycle that is fresh and to that extent unique. I am 
just trying to understand how we should interpret this momentum that probably you may 
not have witnessed before. 
Virender Jeet: 
The momentum which we are witnessing, of course as a product company, you will have to 
invest deep and sometimes the returns do come at various different points. But today, what 
is happening, predominantly our traditional geos are performing very well and some part of 
activity in the India landscape is around, banking, lending, trade, as Mr. Nigam spoke in his 
address. But also, some emerging markets like Middle East, APAC are also performing 
very well for us. So, it is broad based in terms of what we have been doing. There is nothing 
new as an initiative or something. The only thing what is happening, our positioning in our 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
core verticals like insurance and banking, we are widening that. We have more offerings for 
customers and the time also in the market is very right and the customers are responding 
very well to that, and we are having larger deal sizes that is reflecting in the overall growth 
of revenue as well as the pack. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
How long or deep do you think the cycle will be right, and does the numbers of H1 change 
the historical 40:60 split that we have seen annually? Normally we see a flush of spends in 
Q3 and Q4. Is that direction still on or is the cyclicality curve smoothening. 
Virender Jeet: 
It is smoothening, but not to that extent. So, I think still we expect Q3 and Q4 to be much 
larger quarters for us. Because some of the revenue streams are bucketed like that, renewals 
are bucketed around that, milestones are bucketed around that. But we have been trying 
deliberately to smoothen a bit of that growth curve with more subscription, more mature 
market revenue, those streams have not really picked up at that speed. So, as I said, the 
traditional streams of license sale and emerging markets are still strong. So, till that time 
that remains strong, some amount of seasonality will continue in the business. So, I do 
expect that Q3, Q4 to be larger quarters than our Q1, Q2. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Last question, given that typically your sales cycle in this industry with the genre of 9 to 12 
months, if is not higher and we are already passed this fiscal right. You mentioned in your 
opening remarks that your position in the core verticals are widening. So, does that indicate 
to you that in the fiscal 2025, the demand saliency, your execution saliency could probably 
be better than what we have seen in 2024? 
Virender Jeet: 
It is very difficult. I think we have not really gone that far and can accurately predict that. 
But what I can tell you right now, the current order book positions over the last three 
quarters have been much stronger than the revenue. So that is reflecting, and that 
momentum is continuing. Our order book growth for last Q1 as well as Q2 have been high. 
We do from the funnel and the deal pipeline, we also look at, at least Q3, Q4 to be strong 
for us. Now we are looking into 2025 maybe a bit difficult for us. I think we will have to 
wait for that. We still do not have that. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
In Q1 I think you quantified the pace of your order book growth was about 30% even 
though your revenue growth was what it was. Is it still in that genre? I am just trying to see 
the pace which your order book is growing. 
Virender Jeet: 
Still growing at a faster pace than the revenue growth. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Thanks, Virender. My best wishes and I will be in touch. Thank you. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Aditi Patil from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on good set of numbers. My first 
question is on implementation revenue, which has grown strongly both on Y-o-Y and Q-o-
Q basis. So, is it that the strong license revenue in last quarter has led to more 
implementation work in this quarter and like what is the sustainability of this growth, and 
secondly on margins? Has strong implementation revenue like translated to lower employee 
expenses as a percentage of revenue and thus led to strong EBITDA margin improvement 
on a Y-o-Y basis, and my third question is on revenue guidance. So, after strong 
performance in H1 with 30% plus growth, it seems like for the full year we can grow 
around that 30% range. So, would you like to increase your guidance from current 20% to 
25% to 30% growth for FY2024? My fourth question is around the pricing structure on the 
deal, the 68 Crores deal, which you have announced. So, is it license based deal where like 
license and implementation revenue will get recognized in the few initial years, maybe two 
years and then you will have support and services revenue for the rest of the year? These are 
my questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
It is a long list, I never answered so many questions in my exams too, so nonetheless, thank 
you for your time and I think on the implementation revenue growth you are absolutely 
right. The order book which has been strong over last three four quarters, on license now it 
is culminating into more and more execution and fulfillment of those orders and projects 
which is growing. So, I do expect the implementation revenue to continue to remain strong 
as the license order is preceding and that growth has been higher for the H1 of this year also 
it was more than 50% compared to last year. So that will also reflect on the downstream that 
will convert into more and more implementation revenue and execution revenue. 
 
On the margin structure I do not think the margin structure has anything do with the 
implementation revenue. Margin structure is more about at the beginning of year, we do our 
costs are frontloaded and we do estimates of growth on cost. So, if we hit more topline our 
cost do not vary that much because there is a large part of the revenues still linked with the 
cost because of the high gross margin business. So that is why there is a margin expansion 
in the Q1 and Q2 which have been traditionally very lean quarters for us, so it is not a factor 
of implementation, it is more a factor of higher growth rate. On the issue of guidance I do 
not think we provide any guidance, but we keep on saying that aim for the company is to 
really accelerate growth and we believe that we have a potential of growing at a much 
higher growth rate than our traditional growth rate, so we have grown at a growth rate of 
30% for last three quarters I think Q3, Q4 are larger quarters for us and we do expect to 
keep our growth momentum up, but whether it is going to be 22%, 25% or 30% or more I 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
think we will have to wait and watch for that. On your last question about pricing. You are 
absolutely right this is a license plus implementation deal with some amount of residual 
thing coming in terms of ATS and AMC larger part of this revenue is going to be realize in 
somewhere around two years and then it is going to be typically smaller part of the revenue 
which will be realized over next years. I hope that answers all your questions. 
Aditi Patil: 
Yes. I just had one last question. Thank you for answering the first four. My last question is 
on can you provide some details regarding how the partnership with Coforge is progressing 
and like how many new logos or deals you have won so far through this partnership. 
Virender Jeet: 
Partnership with Coforge, it is an initiative which we have launched in terms of taking 
things to market. Right now, we do not have too many deals, we have good funnel going 
on, but these partnerships generally take longer time to mature, and success of these 
partnerships will eventually reflecting more growth in the mature market. That is where we 
are targeting these partnerships. So, it is too early to quantify it in terms of results, funnels 
or orders. 
Aditi Patil: 
Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Vikrant Gupta from ICICI Pru 
Life. Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
Hi. Congrats on a good set of numbers. I had two questions. Firstly, can you talk about 
whether anything incrementally has happened in the US geography between Q2 and Q1? 
You had talked about the Q1 numbers in US being strong on a low base as well as some 
perpetual licenses being sold that you did not really think was sustainable. So has anything 
changed in Q2 versus Q1 the growth number is still pretty strong. So that is one, and 
second, can you provide some context on how one should interpret the bookings number? Is 
this something that executes over the next one year, two years or how should one read that 
number? Two questions. Thank you. 
Virender Jeet: 
On the US geo, I think the situation is not very different than Q1. So, we do continue to win 
deals in US. I think we have got some very good deals this quarter as well but the overall 
growth momentum in terms of numbers, so it is roughly around 30% for H1. I think I would 
still call it on a more leaner year last year. So that is why the numbers are, looking at 30%. 
The growth in the US is not at the same pace as we are growing in India or Middle East. So, 
this is still sporadic and on a lower base. Our lot of investments and our lot of restructuring 
and reorganizing is happening in that region, and we do expect that the real growth 
momentum starts coming in next couple of years. But right now, I think it is not any 
incremental thing. It is more sustained what has been happening. We did pivot to larger 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
banks, and we are closing now deals in larger banks and smaller banks. So, deal sizes are 
slightly better, but a lot of these deals still are not converting into revenue. So, I think we 
will have to wait for that. So, I would still say that what I said in Q1 in terms of US growth 
looking on account of weaker last year, last few years is still true. So rather than any drastic 
jump in the business momentum. On the booking side, our bookings are generally our deals 
are not very, very long-term and when we are talking of growth of 40% booking, we are 
talking of growth of booking which can be executed in next 365 days. For most of the 
growth of booking should be executed in next 365 days. There could be some delays, but 
that is how we look at booking numbers. We do not look at multiyear booking numbers 
most of the time. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
Got it. Thank you. Great. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Arvind Chetty from Tata AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sorry, to harp on the growth for second half. So, what I 
understand is our order book growth is growing faster than our revenue growth and most of 
this order book we anticipate to get converted into revenues in next 12 months. So, is it fair 
to assume that our growth in H1 Y-o-Y basis would accelerate from where we are today? 
Virender Jeet: 
So, it is absolutely right. There are two ways to look at it. One is that of course the business 
which we acquired in H1 of this year would get executed over next 12 months and some 
part of that revenue would come in Q3 and Q4. But what we have to be conscious of the 
fact is that Q3, Q4 are very large quarters for us, and a lot of that revenue is driven out of 
jerky license sales. So, our ability to still win new deals and new large license deals is very 
essential for growth of Q3 and Q4. The previous booking will add something, but they 
cannot sustain the traditional growth rates of Q1 or Q2. So, we will have to still wait for 
new deals as well as order bookings in Q3 and Q4 for higher growth. Yes, the book does 
not automatically translate into 30% growth in Q3, Q4. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Just to follow up on that. For the last couple of quarters, we have seen license revenues also 
growing significantly better for us. So, if that trend sort of continues in Q3 and Q4, our 
growth should look much better or maybe similar to what it is at least in H1, right? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, if we continue to sell licenses at the same and in fact much higher pace is what is the 
requirement of Q3, Q4 we can achieve the same growth rate. But it is very difficult. As I 
said these are larger quarters and out of our 4 engines generally two to three are only firing, 
not all are firing. So, we will have to really watch and see how we progress in that. But 
broadly as Mr. Nigam also said, I think that most of the parameters in terms of funnel, deal 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
size the market is looking very good and there is no reason why we cannot maximize for at 
least next three, four quarters. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Just one last question on margins. We have been in that 17% to 18% PAT margin for most 
of the years barring one in last few years. This year at least in first half we are trending 
much better on the Y-o-Y basis and if I heard it right, most of the investments we have done 
in H1. So, the margin benefit should accrue in H2. So, to that extent on a Y-o-Y basis for 
full year, the margin should look better, and can we grow higher than 20% kind of PAT 
margin for the business on a sustainable basis? 
Virender Jeet: 
See generally the H2 of the year does compound to the most of the annual margin. So, in 
spite of Q1, Q2 being high, but Q3, Q4 is the real quarters and if we can maintain a high top 
line beyond our budgeted top lines then we should be able to expand better margins for this 
year. So, the estimates are anywhere between, 18% to 21% EBITDA and 18% PAT. If you 
are able to hit any growth, which is about 26%, 27%, the margin should expand. 
Arvind Chetty: 
Great. Thanks a lot. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Mihir Manohar from Carnelian 
Asset Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on great set of numbers. I mean, 
these are very good numbers typical in this environment. Largely wanted to understand 
which parts of BFSI are driving the growth because when we see global scenario, I mean, 
BFSI specifically on the IT spends are challenging. So just wanted to understand what is 
exactly driving this growth in BFSI? Are these big market banks or this small market 
banks? How to understand them? And what can be the sustainability of this growth that will 
be important. My second question would be the traction on the trade finance side, last time 
we were mentioned there are some five to six clients which we have already onboarded in 
the trade finance part of the piece, and you were looking at some four to five clients this 
year also. So, what is the update over there? What number of clients or what kind of 
inquiries are you seeing on the trade finance side and is it higher or lesser than what you 
were previously seeing? That is my second question, and third question was on the BPO IT 
part of the piece. When I see BPO IT, I mean, it has come down over the last two quarters. 
So, is it a conscious effort that we do not want to grow this particular part of the business? 
BPO IT and if so, then what is your success over there? I just wanted to get an 
understanding around that. So those were the questions. 
Virender Jeet: 
I will try to answer one-by-one. See on the BFSI side, while globally in mature markets 
there is a pressure on BFSI, but our traditional emerging markets the BFSI is doing well, 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
especially in countries where there is the growth rates, the economic activities are better. 
There is huge interest in looking at transforming their processes, especially on the digital 
side, reduce the cost of lending to give a very differentiated experience to the customers. So 
like if you take markets like India, Middle East, as well as some in APAC, there is a huge 
interest in the BFSI and when you are talking about this market you are talking of typically 
tier one accounts, you are talking of the larger banks, that does not exactly reflect also in the 
markets in US and Europe because our penetration is very thin and we are trying to pivot, 
but we have realized even in the same span in last two quarters, we have been able to 
acquire banks in those mature markets as well for the same kind of problems. So, the India 
story of what we are trying to lead with digital India we are able to build similar products to 
the markets like US and Europe. So overall we think that the opportunity for digital 
transformation in banking especially in the space of lending is extreme and I think it can 
sustain over a period of time. On trade, I think it is an area where we are very excited about 
it. We are winning deals and in fact this quarter as well we have won some deals, we do 
expect that in next two quarters also we are able to close another few deals out there. But 
trade deals end up being very large. So it is not like the deal velocity or what you call in 
terms of size of the funnel is going to be very different and we have to be very selective 
about taking these deals because they are more complex they are more critical for the banks 
typically the larger banks or the customers for trade and we do think that over a period of 
time we can make a substantial inroad in this whole segment of trade both in markets like 
India, Middle East, APAC as well as there is a potential to go with larger banks in the US 
and Europe. On your third question of BPO IT, I think BPO IT is that typically and what we 
call enterprise BPO IT/ shared service segment. I think the market itself does not have the 
same potential as the banking because banking is a pretty large market. So that is why if the 
growth rates are not very high out there as well as, as a company we are growing, our deal 
sizes are growing, typically the BPO IT do not end up giving us the same size. We are still 
excited about the enterprise market in India and in Middle East. So, we are pursuing that, 
and we do want to really kind of realizing products out there and build and so the effort is 
on. But yes, right now it is not growing at the speed, which is expected, but I think we are 
investing beyond banking. The other segment is insurance where we are finding a lot of 
traction and the same kind of digital journey can be replicated out there. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. That is really helpful. Just to follow up on the deal sizes and you have mentioned that 
deal sizes are going up for us. So if you can just throw some color as to how are the deal 
sizes moved in the last 12 months or last 18 months per se that will be helpful and just a 
second follow up on the banking side, what are the kind of people or companies that we are 
competing with while getting these contracts? Just two follow-ups, over there. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Virender Jeet: 
I think we would send you more information exactly the deal size is how much percentage 
but substantially I think the deal sizes would have grown by 30%, 40% year-on-year, but I 
think we will get you more information on that. Sorry, I could not hear the other question. 
Mihir Manohar: 
The last question was basically while winning the banking contracts what are the kind of 
companies that we are competing with while getting this contracts? 
Virender Jeet: 
So, the competition in banking is about some players who are operating in digital banking 
side and this competition is pretty fragmented. On the more structured side, the competition 
globally is around with companies like Ncino, Salesforce of the world as well as horizontal 
players, which are the Appian and Pega of the world. But on some regional side, you have 
also very regional local competition out there in terms of very different companies in every 
country. So, it is quite fragmented that way, but I think right now we are luckily operating 
in a space that the competition is not really affecting us at all. We are able to really convert 
most of the deals we are fighting. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure. Got it. Thank you very much, Sir, and best of luck for the future. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Pranav Mashruwala from Dolat 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is the one is on NewgenOne comprehensive 
solution which you launched in July 2021. So, I just wanted to know about the progress of 
that comprehensive solution rather than individual solutions per se, how is that progressing? 
Some color on that would be helpful. 
Virender Jeet: 
So, the current flagship platform we have is the NewgenOne and most of the accelerators or 
the solutions which are being built are built around that. So that is the primary platform 
which we are carrying to the market. So, it is on one side is helping us to really accelerate 
the speed by which we can deliver these products, vertical products to the banks, insurance 
industry. On the other side, we are getting extremely good traction from the GSI's and 
partners who can build products and solutions around the same thing, whether these are 
relationship with Coforge or Infosys or other companies whom we are trying to pursue and 
trying to build this part of their stack. So, we are excited about the product. The product has 
been well adapted, in many, many implementations we are trying to use this products out 
there. So, we are excited about that. So, it is going to be the flagship product. So basically, 
it is going to be the one which will be selling for most of our users. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Thank you. My next question is how many clients do we have at present in terms of 100 
million plus billing? Let us say today as of Q2 versus previous year. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
Virender Jeet: 
Sorry, what is the number you are saying in terms of… 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
The number of clients of 100 million plus billing, earlier I think we used to provide that 
data, but I think now we are providing 50 million plus clients. 
Virender Jeet: 
Actually, we do that at the end of the year because during the year the billing periods are 
very different for clients, so because we do not have a service revenue stream. So, the 
revenue streams are jerky. A client could have a license sale, or it could have an ATS 
renewal dates. So, on the service side, it is very smooth. We can provide it quarterly in 
terms of, but I think we provide this data early, but in case you can ask Deepti and she can 
provide you what is the situation right now. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Sure. I will take that, and lastly, how is your hiring strategy going forward? Hiring, we plan 
to because we are seeing a good robust order book. 
Virender Jeet: 
We are seeing a growth momentum, and we are continuing to hiring. We are hiring 
aggressively both on the lateral side as well as campuses. Last year we honored all over 
campus placements and we have more than 600 people coming in the campus site. This year 
we have a plan of hiring roughly around 550 to 600, I do not know exactly, and these 
numbers can also increase, if we look at the business momentum in Jan. So, we are very 
excited about the business. So, we continue with hiring momentum, and I think we are as a 
company we have never dropped our campus offer whether it was 2008 or whether it was 
2000. We meet our commitments of campus and so we think it is very essential and it does 
help our company to grow and so we will be going ahead and honoring all our 
commitments and in fact all the commitments from last year are already in. The people are 
already working and for this year we are going again of hiring roughly around 550 people 
from campus. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
Sure. Just to follow up on that. What was the time from conversion of fresher campus in a 
product company like ours to billing cycle? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, when people come into our company, I think there are multiple areas they go, they go 
into the product areas, they go into supporting our customers, they go into building our 
accelerator, and some go into delivery and implementation, and large part of the delivery 
and implementation is also fixed cost. But generally, it depends on individuals everybody is 
different, but we are very happy that some people are very productive as quickly as three 
months and some people can be productive in three to six months. 
Pranav Mashruwala: 
That is it from me. Thank you, Sir. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Kacharia from Ashika Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Kacharia: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. A couple of questions. On GSI front, what is 
the development in the current quarter and second in last two quarters revenue, what 
contribution is coming from GSI side? And third as we have done a deal with, we have tie-
up with the Coforge. So, which are other player which can be potentially there on GSI 
funnel from domestic market. 
Virender Jeet: 
Our revenue mix between partners and Newgen is still remaining around 20:80. So, it 
continues to remain at the same level. Our partnership with Coforge, we have also similar 
partnership with most of the Indian GSIs and we continue our focus on the partnership is 
predominantly mature markets, but we do have relationships in all emerging markets as 
well. So that is the way the GSI work for us. We do not have specific relations for specific 
markets. Generally, our aim is when we are talking about GSIs, we are talking of matured 
market relationships and that is where we focus. Does that answer your question? 
Chirag Kacharia: 
Yes. One follow up question on same, whenever any partner empanel for GSI related stuff, 
what is generally the time cycle to deliver the project. If you can share it? 
Virender Jeet: 
The GSI relationship or partnerships are more strategic in nature. Sometimes they may have 
an account in view, sometimes there is no account in view. So, once you go to the market 
you end up winning cases, then the execution cycles are normal execution cycles. But we 
are continuously investing with GSI to train their resources, so they are prepared in both 
sales as well as execution cycles and in case also there are challenges then we have a large 
execution team. We augment those GSI effort and help GSIs to execute better. But it is not 
linked with the partnership signing agreement with the GSI. 
Chirag Kacharia: 
Thank you. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from Dimensional Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Hi, good afternoon, Sir. A broader question, just wanted to understand which part of the 
business are we seeing more traction, is it on the content service side, the OmniDocs part of 
the business or is it more on the Low Code/No Code automation? Just wanted to get 
understanding on that. 
Virender Jeet: 
The traction in the business is predominantly from core verticals, which is like banking, 
insurance and banking also on digital. The platforms which are built based on our 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
NewgenOne platform which encompasses both Low Code capabilities as well as content 
services. So, most of the use cases which are about digital transformation end up using 
more than one product, underlying product. So, business orchestration is a need for every 
platform, Low Code capabilities are essential these days as well as content is very essential, 
are part of every solution. So, they become the fundamental pillars, on which we build the 
digital lending platform or a trade platform or a claims system. So, all those cases, our core 
products are used in all those cases. The biggest traction right now is from the vertical side 
and in those verticals both the platforms are always used. 
Harsh Shah: 
If I want to understand the size of the market where we operate in a traditional market as 
well as U.S. market. So, if you can quantify what is the addressable market size. Just to get 
an understanding of what is the headroom to grow? That would be helpful. 
Virender Jeet: 
I think we operate in a market which is very, very large. You can estimate it if you take the 
ECM or the content and the Low Code that itself is more than $30 billion and we are not 
even at a percentage, but if you look at Low Code capabilities and look at application stacks 
and Low Code then another $140 billion and there is no proper estimate and you can see 
many reports of this we can share some reports with you where you can understand the 
market. The core message is there is so much of headroom to go, and we are still operating 
in a very small part of that market. So, our ability to execute is the only constraint and 
especially our ability to execute in the mature market. 
Harsh Shah: 
To get a better understanding. So, is it that we need to grow by taking market share from 
someone or is it that the demand which is getting created or this is the new industry in itself 
which is creating a market for players like us? 
Virender Jeet: 
So, the general, the traditional areas of ECM/BPM are growing at 8%-9%. So, the market 
itself is expanding, but the digital use case market we are typically what you are seeing is 
happening in banking or insurance. These are creating new use cases. Now these use cases 
are somewhere in a parallel expanding the market. So, a large part of it is around new use 
cases. But also, we are into the business of ECM replacement modernization where the old 
solutions are getting obsolete. We have new tech stack where we are trying to replace both 
on content services side and Low Code side. So, it is a combination of both, but very 
difficult to really answer this at a size when we are less than 1% of the global market. These 
questions are relevant when you are having 15%-20% of the addressable market size. 
Harsh Shah: 
That is all from my end. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devang Bhatt from IDBI Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Devang Bhatt: 
Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Just one thing that you said that 17%-18% of PAT 
margins are based on 20%-25% growth. So, if you grow higher than 25%, what is the BPS 
increase in margin for every 1% increase in revenues do you have that quantification? My 
second question is what kind of order book do you need, order book growth for you to grow 
at 30% consistently? And the last question is how many logos have you won with GSI this 
year. This quarter. 
Virender Jeet: 
Sorry Devang, I am not financially so literate to answer these questions, they are too 
mathematic, but just to answer the correlation is simple. It is basically our costs as you look 
at Q2 cost base is typically the standard cost base which will be maintained in Q3, Q4 with 
small variations, so if you have already the cost and you can look at the top line targets of 
Q3, Q4, you can clearly estimate the potential margin which can be depending on whether it 
is a 26% growth or 30% or 24%. But we do not have a correlation that for every 1% top line 
growth this much of percentage will get executed. I do not think we look at business even 
that way, we look at still how do we meet growth and what are the best ways of investing 
the money for the growth. On the booking again, on the correlation of what booking will 
lead to what kind of revenue downstream is again a question depending on deal 
composition, whether you got a subscription deal or you got an upfront license deal or there 
is a larger service component. Again, we do not track it that way unfortunately, but if you 
can articulate your questions more detail than probably Deepti can work and create some 
data for you on that side. Does that answer your question? 
Devang Bhatt: 
Yes Sir. Just that how many logos you have won this quarter. 
Virender Jeet: 
Around 14 logos this quarter across all fields. 
Devang Bhatt: 
With GSI. 
Virender Jeet: 
With GSI, we had two deals this quarter. 
Devang Bhatt: 
And last year DSO days were how much Y-o-Y basis we have 105 this quarter. Last year 
same time it was? 
Virender Jeet: 
For September 111 to 105. 
Devang Bhatt: 
Okay. Thank you for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the last question for today, which is from the 
line of Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sarang Sanil: 
Good evening, Sir. Congrats on setting up a new office in New York considering the 
presence of large banks in the region, do you think it is time we divert our focus from 
selling through the GSI route and go sell directly to these banks? If so, are we expecting an 
increase in the marketing spend considering also how US players usually do the business 
there? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you. It is a very good question and I think the idea of opening the New York office 
about being close to the ecosystem where we can succeed, especially in banking and 
insurance. So, when we are working in GSI, it is very important to understand that in the 
larger accounts, GSI’s ability to execute and implement your product is very essential for 
success. Because customers do have relationships and some of these programs need GSIs to 
execute that. But that does not mean that we do not have to sell. We are aggressively 
looking at actually putting our own sales team on the ground, increasing our expense in 
marketing, whether that really how much of expense or overhead it creates for the company, 
I do not think it is going to be very large initially. We still are generating very high gross 
margins and with the slightly better growth rates we should be able to aggressively invest in 
US to do all that and again, we are looking at market share where we are looking at larger 
accounts which can quickly turn into profitable customers. So, we are not looking at the US 
mode of expansion where we are looking at only account acquisition and burning cash. We 
are still looking at profitable business what we can expect. 
Sarang Sanil: 
So also, great to see the DSO dropped significantly and move towards the plan target. So, 
what has really changed in this quarter despite seeing good growth in the Indian market and 
IMIA where customers usually slack on their payment? Is there a change in the way deals 
are structured or has the efficiency in the collection improved? 
Virender Jeet: 
Proficiency of collection is improved, and we will try to take some credit that we are doing 
our job better and also you have to look at the DSO generally in this quarter are much 
lower. Because these are also relatively lesser billing quarters, of course they are large, but 
compared to Q3, Q4 they are much low. So, we would expect that we are improving the 
hygiene of the whole system. We are following up with clients more aggressively and we 
keep on improving it and our target to meet roughly around 90 days of DSO in next one, 
one and a half years we want to achieve that. 
Sarang Sanil: 
So happy to see Newgen celebrating even before the festival season has begun. So, congrats 
and all the best for the future. 
Virender Jeet: 
Happy Diwali. Thank you. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
  
 
 
    October 17, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Ms. Deepti Chugh for closing comments. Over to you, madam. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you so much for attending the call. For any further questions, you can connect to me, 
or you can go to our website. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Newgen 
Software Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
