 
 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, August Kranti Bhawan, Bhikaji Cama Place, R.K. Puram, New Delhi-110066 
Tel: +91-11-26738299, Fax: +91-11-26182957, Email: Info@rvnl.org, Web: www.rvnl.org 
CIN: L74999DL2003GOl118633 
 
RVNL/SECY/STEX/2023  
 
 
 
 
 
        15.11.2023 
 
 
Sub: 
Transcript of Conference Call with Investors  
Ref: 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 Dear Sir/Madam,  
This is in continuation to our letter of even no. dated 10.11.2023 regarding 
intimation of the Audio Recording of Conference Call with Investor on the 
website of the company. Transcript of the said Concall is enclosed herewith. The 
same is also available on website as follows: 
 
www.rvnl.org  – Investor - Compliances- Disclosure. 
 
Link: 
https://rvnl.org/RVNL_cms/uploads/boardmeeting/Transcript_10_Nov_2023.p
df 
You are requested to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
(Kalpana Dubey) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza,  
Plot no. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip: RVNL 
BSE Limited 
Department of Corporate Service, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip: 542649 
KALPANA 
DUBEY
Digitally signed by 
KALPANA DUBEY 
Date: 2023.11.15 
16:42:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
“Rail Vikas Nigam Limited Q2 FY-24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PRADEEP GAUR – CMD, RAIL VIKAS NIGAM LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH PRASAD – DIRECTOR, OPERATIONS, RAIL VIKAS NIGAM 
LIMITED 
MR. SANJEEB KUMAR – DIRECTOR, FINANCE, RAIL VIKAS NIGAM 
LIMITED 
MODERATORS: 
MR. VISHAL PERIWAL – IDBI CAPITAL 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Rail Vikas Nigam 
Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call hosted by IDBI Capital. 
Please note that this call is of 45 minutes. Comments made during this 
call may include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and 
uncertainties and that actual results may differ easily from these 
forward-looking statements. As a reminder all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then 
‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Vishal Periwal: 
Thanks Rico. Good afternoon, everyone. Apologies for the slight delay 
in the call. First of all, wish you all the investors, analysts and RVNL 
Management Team Happy Dhanteras, Happy Diwali and a prosperous 
New Year ahead. 
I welcome you all for The Post Result Interaction with the Management 
of RVNL. From the management team we have with us, Mr. Pradeep 
Gaur Ji– CMD, Mr. Rajesh Prasad Ji – Director of Operations, Mr. 
Sanjeeb Kumar Ji – Director of Finance. 
As usual we'll have a small brief from the management on the business 
and then we'll have a line open for Q&A. Over to you.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, basically, it is a PSU under Ministry of Railways and earlier it was 
mandated for implementation of the railway infrastructures. Now we are 
executing all kinds of infrastructures and not limited to India. So, in the 
past we were executing more than 30% of all the railway infrastructures. 
We got the Mini-Ratna status in 2013 and now we have become 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Navratna. From 1st May 2023. We have commissioned more than 15,500 
km of the railway infrastructures and there is a rating given by the 
Department of Public Enterprises every year and we have been given the 
rating of excellence for the last 12 years. The CARE rating has been 
given, we have received the CARE rating and it is AAA with outlook 
stable.  
We are involved in the complete project lifecycle that is right from the 
concept to commissioning and we have completed and commissioned 
more than 140 projects on behalf of Ministry of Railways and handed 
over back to the Ministry of Railways for operations. We have also been 
mandated to constitute project specific SPVs and accordingly we have 
commissioned 5 number of special purpose vehicles and they have 
already started paying the revenues. As on date we have got the orders 
from the market which is to the extent of (+32,000) crores. The first 6 
months the results have been that the turnover has gone up by (+8%), 
the profit after tax, the bottom line has gone up by 21%. For the first 
time in the history of RVNL that in first 6 months it has crossed the mark 
of 10,000 crores. Since we have started bidding in the project, the basket 
comprises of the different kinds of projects which includes even in the 
marine sector, the metro segments and then even the irrigation and the 
municipality section also.  
This is the brief of RVNL and we have got few SPVs, special purpose 
vehicles, Kutch Rail Company, Krishnapatnam Rail Company, Baruch 
Dahej, Haridaspur, Angul Sukinda and these all SPVs have been 
commissioned and they have generated revenue to the extent of 1,06,000 
crores for the railways. In terms of the loading by these SPVs ever since 
they have been commissioned it is more than 840 million tons. We have 
been contributing a lot through this PPP model and we are the pioneer 
in constituting and making these special purpose vehicles. We have been 
also involved in executing the turnkey projects and we have 
commissioned around 17 number of workshops where we purchase 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
wagons, will be manufactured, maintained and in time to come you can 
see that these are being utilized fulfilling the requirement of 
Atmanirbhar Bharat. So, this is just a brief about RVNL and now we are 
ready for the questions.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Rohit from Antique.  
Rohit: 
If you could touch upon the current order backlog because how far we 
are from the target of 75 to 1,00,000 crore as identified in the past, which 
are the big moving ticket items that you are looking for that will be really 
helpful? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Basically, if you see the order book, earlier we started bidding in the 
year 2021 and the first bid which we got was in the month of September 
and October. Today we are having the orders from the bidding which is 
approximately 32,350 crores and Railways order book was around 
35,000 crores. So, it is roughly 67,000 to 70,000 crores. We do not 
escalate and update the order book every day or every month, but this is 
the approximate order book. We had an ambitious target to achieve the 
order book of 1,00,000 crores. We have been doing the turnover of 
around 20,000 crores. Last year it was 20,381 crores and in first 6 
months this year it has just 10,000 crores for the first time. So, we 
anticipate that the top line will grow with some lesser rates. But the 
bottom line has grown by around 15% to 20%.  
Regarding the question of the different kind of baskets, we have got the 
proven track record of the railway projects and now the preferred 
segments have been the metro projects, the high-speed projects, the 
Janki projects and now we have entered into the manufacturing also. We 
are going to have all kinds of the infrastructure projects and it will not 
remain limited to the India. Regarding the bigger projects, the biggest 
project which we are executing today is the Karnaprayag-Rishikesh 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
project. There we are constructing the total length is around 125 km, out 
of which 84% is basically tunnels and in last 3 years 125 km tunnels 
including the escape and the other safety tunnels have been executed by 
RVNL. So, this is the landmark project which we are planning to 
commission by December, 2025. Then the metro projects, the first metro 
project which we took from the building from Indore, so 6.6 km trials 
were conducted in September, 2023. So, within one year and few months 
4-5 months, the trial was conducted successfully. This has become the 
fastest metro construction in the history of the country. So, it is a great 
landmark and margin wise, the profit wise we had reached almost to the 
same level slightly better than the margin which we used to get on the 
nomination basis. One of the bigger projects is Maldives projects where 
we had the order of around 1,600 crores. In last 5 months we had done 
a reclamation of around 20 hectares, around 11 lakh MQ of dredging. 
So, these are some of the important projects and the projects of interest 
which I thought I should tell you.  
Rohit: 
I really appreciate those comments. My question is more to do with the 
revised railway policy. That is essentially we are doing away with the 
nomination clause and we are looking more for competitive bidding. In 
that context how big is the railway opportunity we can foresee? Because 
we don't see that number being talked about in a big way, especially the 
big-ticket projects something like (+5000) crores kind of railway 
projects. Will it go into a conventional biding route or on a nomination 
route? What is the outlook over there?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yesterday only we had decided to participate in two number of bids of 
the eastern dedicated freight corridor which is now being executed by 
the Zonal Railways, Central Railway costing around 2,000 crores. The 
opportunities are there. In the railway segment, we have got the proven 
track record. But since we are in the competition mode, we will 
participate in the different modes and we will try to capture the projects 
from the railway sector as well as the other sectors.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Rohit: 
The identification of big-ticket projects that is from NRP perspective or 
some other infrastructure pipeline perspective.  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Mr. Rohit I will just add to what my colleague Mr. Rajesh Prasad has 
mentioned. Sorry I have to interject in between. The basic issue is as you 
said because of this railway policy, earlier also we used to get 
comparatively a very less percentage of the overall projects of railways 
on nomination basis and then 80% to 85% of the projects were being 
executed by zonal Railways. So, our share in the overall project was 
around 10% to 15% not more than that. So, as the investment in the 
infrastructure railways grow, definitely that percentage even by bidding 
will be able to maintain something like that. But the positive point is, 
now we are going beyond railways also. So, we are looking at a portfolio 
where the share of railways will be maybe 30% to 35% and 65% will be 
beyond railways because we are seeing even more opportunities outside 
the railways. And if I may say so, even after being in railway sector the 
ease of execution is much better in various infrastructure as compared 
to even railways. So, with the kind of expertise and all that, we'll be able 
to deliver not only railway projects but beyond that as Mr. Rajesh Prasad 
has already mentioned about the examples of Maldives and Indore 
metro. So, we have proven our caliber there, what I want to say is the 
opportunities for us definitely if railway infrastructure grows that also 
will increase our pie in the whole thing. 
Rohit: 
My second question was on one of the big-ticket projects that we were 
looking out for is the Kyrgyzstan project. I understand what the DPR 
submission has done, the government is assessing it. Could you throw 
more color on it? Like what is the realistic timeline in which… 
Pradeep Gaur: 
We continue to be extremely hopeful and there is some internal financial 
closure and some issues are going on. It has nothing to do with RVNL. 
RVNL has done its due diligence and already submitted to them. In fact, 
we are also equally concerned that why it is getting delayed. And we are 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
in continuous touch with the Government of Kyrgyzstan. So, I cannot 
give you immediately a particular date but I can assure you that we are 
pursuing it very vigorously and we hope to, even last week we had a 
detailed VC on this with them and they have again assured us that this 
is in final stage. Of course, what they are telling in final stage is going 
on for last 2 to 3 months but sometimes the wheels in the government 
don't move as we expect. So, we continue to be extremely hopeful and 
hopefully sooner than later.  
Moderator: 
 Our next question is from the line of Nita Mohta from Credint Info 
Edge.  
Nita Mohta: 
Basically, we were asking that you had hinted that the margins will 
remain the same whereas for this quarter results, what we are seeing is 
that it has gone down below even your EBITDA level. If we see it has 
gone five quarters below that level. So, post getting so many orders 
could you let us know that what has led to this kind of a performance in 
this quarter itself or is it one of a kind?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
This first 6 months the gross margin if you see, it has increased from 
563 crores to 607 crores. I'm talking about the gross margin and the gross 
margin upon turnover, it has increased with respect to the 5.77% of the 
whole financial year of FY22-23. But it has gone down by 0.04%. The 
gross margin upon turnover has been 5.86%. What has happened is that 
there are various factors these margins. One is the margin which we get 
from the projects which we execute on behalf of Ministry of Railways, 
the margin which we get from the building projects, the interest which 
we get which we parked in the banks and the other financial institutions 
then we get the dividends. So, this year this first 6 months the dividend 
from the Kutch Rail Company has gone down, has not been there 
because of the fact that they had executed in doubling and the 
electrification project costing around 3,700 crores with the internal 
resources which has done a lot of value addition and in longer term and 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
in time to come we can see that it will change the dynamics. We are 
going to have more traffic in that Kutch Rail Company Limited, number 
one. Then the O&M cost, the electrification cost vis-à-vis the diesel 
traction cost, it is almost half now. The entire section is the electrified. 
So, what I wanted to tell you is the very less margin which you are saying 
the very less number that is 5.9% to 5.86%. The dividend is basically 
contributing, that contribution we do not get in the first 6 months from 
the Kutch Rail Company.  
Nita Mohta: 
My bookkeeping question to you was that, in next 1 year do you see this 
margin as you were expecting it to go to a double digit sooner than later?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
Earlier the projects were assigned on the nomination basis. Then the 
margins were fixed. But now the projects which we are taking from the 
market, while we are doing the bidding, we do the risk analysis and we 
allocate the risk factors also. The aim is also to get the order book and 
we are keeping sufficient margins available. I can tell you the first two 
projects of Indore Metro which we got in the month of September-
October, the margin is more than what we are getting from the 
nomination basis. Similarly, the first overseas projects which we are 
executing in Maldives, there the margin is also more than the projects 
which we used to get from the nomination basis. So, overall what I can 
say you is that there would be some projects where the margins would 
be less but there will definitely be some projects where the margin will 
be 10% which you are telling, it is only the time, and these projects are 
challenging. We'll have to execute in a challenging mode, and we will 
make sure that the margins are available at least whatever we are getting 
from the nomination basis. 
Nita Mohta: 
In the last conclusion you had hinted at exports increasing as a 
percentage of your revenue. So, with this Maldives project and the others 
that you were hinting at, how can you rate the percentage of success on 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
the bidding and the getting of the orders? Can you just quantify that as 
a percentage term?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
Can you please tell again?  
Nita Mohta: 
The biding and the getting of the orders between that, can you just 
quantify the percentage wise that how much have you bid and how much 
did you get out of it?  
Pradeep Gaur: 
The strike rate is around 35% to 40% depending on this thing. So, like 
this year we have bid, exact figures I do not know but we had reviewed 
it just a few days back. So, it was around 40% is our strike rate. Suppose 
we quote for 100, we got in this particular year around 40.  
Nita Mohta: 
So, would it be comfortable to guess that you will be having a 35% to 
40% market share on an overall blended basis?  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Yes, you can say so but depends on how many projects we will bid 
because we are not bidding for 100% whatever is coming. So, we are 
doing a due diligence on which are the projects to be bid and which are 
not to be bid because we have our strengths in particular areas where we 
are very keen on bidding. There are some areas where we are not 
comfortable we are not bidding. But what I can say is I will not speak of 
market share but what I can say is whatever we'll be biding we will work 
to it that our strike rate remains around 35% to 40%. 
Nita Mohta: 
And out of your 70,000 crores order book that you said, so how much of 
it is from domestic and how much is from exports?  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Actually, we do not do any exports per se. As of now we have only one 
project in exhibition stage beyond our country that is in Maldives, its 
value is around 1,600 crores. So, with the variation and all it may go 
even up to 2,000 crores. So, that is the project as of now which is this 
thing. But I take this opportunity to inform that we are trying to have our 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
footprint in Middle East and Africa, and we are going in a very strong 
way. There are a lot of very promising projects are coming up, 
particularly railway projects in Africa, in Botswana, South Africa and 
other countries. We have established our office there. Similarly, we have 
established our offices in Oman and UAE. So, in time to come, you can 
see lot of our fair share of the projects coming from these areas and 
parallelly we are trying to look towards Vietnam because Vietnam is 
going for railway expansion in a big way. So, that will be one of our 
focus areas. But we are not averse to even participating in projects 
beyond railway, like Maldives is entirely a project which was nowhere 
even in the area of our expertise. But still we have gone there and 
performed there.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Ketan Jain from Spark Capital.  
Ketan Jain: 
I would like to know what would be a bid pipeline like what are the 
projects we've bid for recently and what are the projects we're looking 
to bid for?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
I had said in the beginning that the railway infrastructure structures 
where we have got the proven record that becomes our area where we 
would prefer to execute. Metro segments, this is a highly technical 
segment, and we are technically very competent to execute these kinds 
of projects and we have proved this for the Indore metro. So, the metro 
segment is another segment where we are very comfortable. We have 
entered into the electrical distribution and transmission systems, even 
the Municipality in Ahmedabad and in the metro segments the complete 
project lifecycle, project different kind of like the systems, the track, the 
depot, the electrical system, then the complete civil engineering 
construction. So, the metro segments, the railway infrastructures, then 
all kinds of infrastructures.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Ketan Jain: 
I was asking is there anything specific projects which are you looking to 
bid for currently in the pipeline?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
I said just now in the beginning that yesterday only we were thinking. 
We have already decided to participate in two tenders costing around 
2,000 crores for the DFCC, Dedicated Freight Corridor of Eastern sector 
from the Gomu to Somnagar. We have been working, we are basically 
seeing all the kinds of the tenders which are coming up and then we 
conduct internal meetings. We have got a bidding cell, then we do the 
prebuild engineering, sometimes internally, sometimes engaging some 
consultants and accordingly we work out the dynamics. Recently we 
have got three projects awarded in Western Railway and in Central 
Railway. We are bidding for railway projects as well as projects beyond 
that. I'm sure in time to come we'll have a reasonably big order book to 
execute projects, both railways and non-railways.  
Ketan Jain: 
My last question is about roads segment. Are we looking to bid for roads 
and what is your view on NHAI awarding in the next two quarters?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
The road segment is another preferred segment because up to the 
formation level, the railway embankments and the road embankment is 
same. In fact, the railway infrastructure projects are much more 
complicated. And the NHAI we have got two models; one is the 
basically EPC model and the other is the HAM model. HAM model, we 
have participated in few tenders. We have also got the orders and for the 
EPC also we have got few orders. The projects are challenging because 
sometimes it is at very remote location. For example, the Varanasi to 
Kolkata the 6 laning project, it is basically falling in the moist area. The 
land acquisition is an issue, the encroachments, the appointed dates. 
Sometimes yes the projects get delayed but we are executing. We have 
been getting orders from NHAI and this will again remain one of the 
preferred segments for RVNL in time to come.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Indrajit Chakravorty from Script 
Trading.  
Indrajit Chakravorty: 
My question is that I read, that recently the railways is proposing 
to expand the current—not expand but widen the current—freight 
corridor and they have earmarked something like 4,00,000 crores for this 
purpose. So, do you have any information regarding it and can you 
please update on that? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes, presently there are two corridors, Eastern and the Western which 
are in the implementation phase and which have almost been 
implemented in next 6 months to 1 year entire project will be completed 
and commissioned. Now the next phase, they have already started 
planning and executing. Some DPRs have been prepared for the various 
corridors and they have handed over this for execution by the zonal 
railways. Accordingly, few tenders have come up and we are 
participating in those tenders of the DFCCIL. So, yes, in time to come 
you will see that large number of tenders coming up for the DFC 
corridors in the various parts of talking.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
4,00,000 crores to widen from Calcutta to Delhi and stuff. The certain 
corridors will be expanded like widened so that it becomes very easy. 
You are talking about the DFFC corridor? I really don't know the 
technical term for that.  
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, Ministry of Railway is having huge expansion program. They have 
made an NRP, National Rail Plan. In that particular National Rail plan 
whatever infrastructure is required by the year 2050 should be in place 
by 2030. So, in next 7 years you will be seeing large number of projects 
coming up. The idea behind this is that the present model share is 
approximately 26% which has to go up by 45% in the year 2015.  
Indrajit Chakravorty: 
That means a huge opportunity for your company.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
Rajesh Prasad: 
Yes. There is another concept of the logistic cost. The logistics market 
of the country is more than $250 million. If you transport by road and if 
you transport by rail then the cost is almost half. The green transport 
system, basically railway is now 100% electrified. The model share is 
equally important. If you see the logistic cost in the country, it is 16% of 
the GDP and in order to compete worldwide it has to come down to 10%. 
So, the Government of India has come out with a logistic policy 2022 
and the model share, the railway infrastructure that is why we are getting 
a lot of trust in implementation and commissioning of the railway 
infrastructure.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shivam Kumar Gupta, who is an 
investor.  
Shivam Kumar Gupta: 
My question is regarding India Middle East-Europe Corridor 
project which was announced in G20 summit. What role RVNL can play 
in developing that project? Shed some light on that.  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Actually, RVNL as far as that Middle East Corridor is concerned, so it 
will be by financing by different countries including India. So, definitely 
we are looking it as a huge opportunity for us because it is purely railway 
sector and that is what is our niche area. So, we are very upbeat about it.  
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vishal Periwal from IDBI Capital.  
Vishal Periwal: 
I think in terms of our revenue target for this year, can you provide what 
is the MoU target and what are we targeting in terms of growth rates in 
FY24?  
Rajesh Prasad: 
We had earlier said that the top line would grow marginally. But the 
bottom line I had said around 15%. So, last year we had a bottom line of 
1,267 crores, so we expect to be around 1,400 crores. The top line we 
expect, this first 6 months we have crossed the 10,000 mark for the first 
time, so maybe (+21,000) crores.  

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Vishal Periwal: 
Will it be available with us, the data of the revenue that we have done in 
first half, what is the nomination and what is the bidding project that we 
have executed? 
Rajesh Prasad: 
The projects which we had taken from the market, it is a very recent 
phenomenon. You'll have to appreciate that. So, the numbers which we 
are getting is only from Indore Metro, major portion is from Indore 
Metro, then the Maldives project and most of the projects are from the 
nomination basis. But in time to come, you will see the reflection from 
these projects which we have taken from the market and that will be 
getting reflected. So, the first 6 months the majority is from the Indore 
Metro and the Maldives project.  
Vishal Periwal: 
In terms of balance sheet, we have done CAPEX in first half. And will 
it be possible to provide some detail in terms of investments in JV that 
we have done and plus at a standalone level there are CAPEX which we 
have done, capital advances which is there in cash flow? So, this is for 
what and which side of JV we have made this investment? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
These JVs actually we have now different type of JVs. First is the JVs 
which were purely for railway projects where we had invested around 
1,100 crores. Now we have lot of JVs which are for different purpose 
like manufacture of Vande Bharat, then different HAM projects and 1 
or 2 JVs for projects which are not HAM but similar projects. So, as of 
now Mr. Rajesh Prasad my colleague will speak further on this. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
As far as the typical railway infrastructure projects are concerned, we 
had ASRL Angul-Sukinda, Bharuch-Dahej, Haridaspur-Paradeep, Kach 
Rail and Krishnapatnam. So, these were the 5 SPVs which have been 
commissioned and they are in the operation stage. Then we have got the 
MMLPs. The concept of MMLP is that we had signed an MoU around 
2 years back for 35 locations and 3 such MLLPs like Indore MMLP, 
Chennai and Bangalore. So, the SPVs have been the JV model. The JVs 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
have been created with the NHLML and the local state government 
agency and there the private participation is not there. Then we have 
formed Kinet Railway Solutions. Basically, there we have got, initially 
it was a subsidiary. Now we are holding 25% share in this and this 
particular SPV will be executing the Vande Bharat train Express. Then 
we have got the Shimla bypass, the JV. Then we have got the 
Kyrgyzindustry, Kyrgyz Rail, RVNL close Joint Stock company. So, we 
have got the large number of SPVs and JVs and the MMLPs are likely 
to take up shortly. Kinet Railway Solution has already taken up industry, 
the JV. CMD sir has just now said that we are in active discussion with 
the government there for moving forward. We have already submitted 
the DPR etc. So, these are some of the details of the SPVs and if you are 
having any observation against for any particular SPV then you can ask.  
Vishal Periwal: 
No sir this is helpful, maybe one last question from my side on Vande 
Bharat. Two-part question, one is the order that we have already 
received. Can you give some timeline in terms of when we are supposed 
to submit the prototype and when the actual, we can start manufacturing 
Vande Bharat train? And second is in terms of opportunity size, how big 
you see and any timeline that you have received from Ministry of 
Railway in terms of these many sets will be coming in next twelve 
months 24 months. That will be helpful. 
Rajesh Prasad: 
So, this particular tender was for 120 number of train sets and the bid 
price was 120 crores per set. And these trains were also supposed to be 
comprehensive maintenance period. So, they were supposed to be 
maintained in three depots and the average cost of maintenance was 4% 
maintenance for 35 years and 4% per year per set. The roadmap was the 
submission of bank guarantee which has been done. Then execution of 
MCMA, that is the manufacturing cum maintenance agreement that has 
been done. Now the mockup is to be prepared a 3D model that how this 
rake will look like. Then first prototype will be 2 years after this MCMA. 
Second prototype will be 24 months plus 2 months and after these 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
prototypes are approved 12 in first year ,18 next year and 25 each after 
that. And the maintenance will be done at Bijwasan, Jothpur, Bijwasan 
is in Delhi only Jodhpur and Bangalore. So, some works are also 
required to be undertaken there. So, at this stage we can tell you that the 
execution of MCMA has been done, mock up is being prepared and then 
the prototype will be made at Latur the factory which we have 
constructed the Marathwada Rail Coach Factory. 
Pradeep Gaur: 
I will just add to that. Presently things are going very smoothly. We have 
a working group with our partner that is TMH Russia and things are 
moving this way. So, prototypes although the time is 2 years but we want 
to compress it, so that earlier we start the production better it will be for 
us because that will lead to better cash flows also. So, both of us we and 
TMH are working very great synergy in this direction.  
Vishal Periwal: 
And in terms of opportunity also.  
Pradeep Gaur: 
So, that is a very important part and what you have asked is I'm so 
thankful to you for asking this. It opens up huge vista of opportunities 
for us because we want to have a very strong vertical for rolling stock. 
It can be appreciated that as of now RVNL was virtually Nil as far as 
rolling stock manufacturing is concerned. So, this opens up really please 
don't mind my going overboard on it but a flood of opportunities because 
lot of rolling stock manufacturing is going to come because as the 
system expands, like Indian Railways is trying to expand other railways 
are trying to expand. So, that will ultimately lead to huge expansion in 
the demand for manufacturing. So, like many countries are now 
realizing the importance of railways vis-a-vis road sector. Vietnam is 
trying to open, one Middle East is going to open one. And kindly 
appreciate some esteemed investor has asked just now before you, about 
the Middle east corridor. So, even that is rail based. We are very upbeat 
about it and I think it's the right time. It's an opportune time for us to 

 
Rail Vikas Nigam Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
have got into this manufacturing. So, it is a game changer for us as far 
as opportunity is concerned.  
Vishal Periwal: 
And in terms of new tenders in Vande Bharat will this happen after the 
prototype is submitted or parallelly we see that new tenders will come 
to the market? 
Pradeep Gaur: 
The tenders will happen parallelly because we are going to have a big 
tender from Mumbai Metro and other even Indian railways. So, what 
has happened now, RVNL has got a huge visibility in this. That the fact 
that TMH has partnered with RVNL and RVNL being a public sector of 
Ministry of Railways, so it has given a huge market presence or market 
visibility for RVNL. So, we have been approached now by various 
companies like Siemens Alstom, like some Malaysian manufacturing. A 
lot of companies have shown interest to tie up with RVNL just by the 
fact that we were partner in this Vande Bharat Express. So, this will go 
parallelly. I can share, yesterday also we had a very detailed meeting 
with Siemens on this. Of course, Siemens have their own rolling stock. 
But we have told them that we have got alternatives to that. So, that we 
can do even more competitive bidding in this case. Because some of one 
or two companies in Malaysia, they are very cost competitive even 
compared to the West European companies.  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Thank you.  
Pradeep Gaur: 
Thank you so much and wish you a very Happy Diwali and Dhanteras.  
Moderator:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, we would now like to close 
the call on behalf of IDBI Capital. Thank you for joining the call and 
you may now disconnect your lines.  
