Jio Financial Services Limited (formerly known as Reliance Strategic Investments Limited) 
Regd. Office: 1st Floor, Building 4NA, Maker Maxity, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Phone: +91-22-3555 4094. Website: www.jfs.in. Email: investor.relations@jfs.in 
CIN: L65990MH1999PLC120918 
 
October 19, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543940 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
 
Exchange Plaza,  
 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
 
Trading Symbol: JIOFIN 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Presentation on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and 
Standalone) for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the presentation made on October 16, 
2023, on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the Company for 
the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023, is attached. The presentation 
concluded at 7.52 p.m. (IST) on October 16, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
 
 
V Mohana 
Group Company Secretary and  
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: a/a 
V 
MOHANA
Digitally signed 
by V MOHANA 
Date: 2023.10.19 
11:26:01 +05'30'

 
 
 
1 | P a g e 
Jio Financial Services Limited 
Jio Financial Services Limited Q2 2023 – 2024 
Analyst Call Transcript 
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, President & CEO – Jio Financial Services Limited  
Mr. Charanjit Attra, Group Chief Operating Officer - Jio Financial Services Limited 
Mr. Saurabh Rajderkar, Investor Relations – Jio Financial Services Limited 
 
Transcript: 
Mr. Saurabh Rajderkar, 3:16 
Good evening, everyone. My name is Saurabh Rajderkar and I'm the Investor Relations 
Officer of Jio Financial Services Limited or JFS. On the declaration of the results for H1 FY24 
of the company, it gives me immense pleasure to welcome the analysts, investors and our 
colleagues to this virtual meeting. We have with us president and CEO, Mr. Hitesh Sethia 
here, and our Group Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Charanjit Attra. This call will be recorded and 
the recording will be made public. In this call, all participants will be on the listen only mode. 
This call is intended only for analysts and investors. The earnings presentation will be 
uploaded on our website www.jfs.in And to carry forward the proceedings, I request Mr. Hitesh 
Sethia to discuss the strategic initiatives undertaken in JFS followed by an overview of our H1 
FY24 results presented by Mr Charanjit Attra. However, before I hand over, I would like to 
read out the safe harbour statement.  
Certain statements are forward looking statements. These statements are based on 
management's expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. 
actual outcomes may differ materially from those included in these statements due to a variety 
of factors. Thank you. Now I will request Mr. Hitesh Sethia to make his opening remarks. 
Mr. Hitesh Sethia, 4:52 
Thank you, Saurabh and a very good evening ladies and gentlemen. It gives me great 
pleasure to welcome all of you for joining the first analysts call of Jio Financial Services Limited 
as a listed company.  
JFS is indeed very fortunate to enter the market in this period of growth and brightest prospects 
for our economy. Recent reports have estimated that India will become a 10 trillion US dollar 
economy by 2035. Furthermore, this growth is being fuelled amongst other factors by a shift 
towards consumption and digitization, thereby providing a wonderful opportunity for broad 
based growth across the sectors and economic strata of the society. With this expected 
growth, the financial services sector is certainly expected to grow at a larger multiple across 
the board. This market expansion provides absolutely exciting opportunities for JFS.  

 
 
 
2 | P a g e 
Jio Financial Services Limited 
As you're all aware, Reliance Industries Limited announced its intention to demerge its 
financial service business in November 2022. The scheme of arrangement envisaged Jio 
Financial Services Limited, which was earlier called Reliance strategic investments limited or 
RSIL, to become the holding company of the entire financial services business. As a part of 
this demerger, amongst other entities four licensed entities were demerged as subsidiaries of 
RSIL. Firstly, an NBFC or a lending entity, second payment bank which is a joint venture with 
State Bank of India. Third, a payment aggregator entity and fourth, an insurance broking entity. 
In addition to all this JFS also owns 6.1% of Reliance Industries Limited. 
Now post all necessary and statutory approvals over the last few months. The demerger was 
consummated, with the final approval of the honourable NCLT dated June 28 2023, and the 
name of Reliance Strategic Investments Limited was changed to Jio financial services, as was 
envisaged in the scheme. Thereafter, over the last few months necessary steps were taken to 
list the company which was successfully concluded on August 21 2023.  
In parallel to the above steps, leading to the demerger and listing of Jio financial service in 
August, the following important steps were undertaken: 
Firstly, the board of Jio Financial Services Limited was reconstituted under the leadership of 
Mr. KV Kamath as the chairman, Mr. Sunil Mehta, Mr. Bimal Tanna and Mr. Rajiv Mehrishi 
have also been appointed as independent directors on the board of the company. Subject to 
the Reserve Bank of India approval, Miss Isha Ambani and Mr. Anshuman Thakur will join the 
board as non-independent directors.  
Secondly, personnel for key leadership positions and teams, thereof at Jio Financial Services 
Limited, which is the holding company and Jio Finance Limited which indeed our lending entity 
that is the NBFC under JFS have also been identified. The other three businesses which I 
mentioned earlier, which is the payment bank, the payment aggregator, and the insurance 
broking, which had actually commenced operations in the last few years within the Reliance 
Industries group have also been now fully integrated into the Jio Financial Services Group. As 
on date, JFS has about 449 employees across all the entities.  
Moving to strategy, the broader strategy of Jio financial services aims to democratize financial 
services across the country by offering simple, innovative and intuitive products which will be 
delivered digitally. We will aim to serve the needs of two categories of customers, one is 
consumers and second is merchants. In a phased manner, we aim to provide financial 
services to fulfil customer needs across what we think of four important spectrums of financial 
services. Firstly, borrowings second investment needs third, the transacting needs of 
customers and fourth is insurance needs of our customers. Now by all these businesses are 
diverse and be able to serve the diverse needs of our customers. These all the businesses 
within the JFS group will operate within four key principles: 
Number one, reputation and trust is above all, a reputation and trust with customers and 
reputation and trust with all stakeholders.  
Number two, regulatory adherence and this adherence will be in letter and in spirit.  
Number three return of capital and number four return on capital.  
Now moving to individual businesses, the borrowing needs of our customers will be met 
through Jio finance limited as I mentioned earlier, which is our NBFC. JFL will leverage best 
in class technology with no legacy book or technology debt, being born in 2023 and this 
provides a cost-effective, modern back end and front-end technology stack. Our product 

 
 
 
3 | P a g e 
Jio Financial Services Limited 
roadmap for JFL will provide for a full stack of unsecured loans and secured loan products. 
Our distribution approach will be direct to customer, digital or at points of sale embedded in 
the customer journey. Now, in addition to the technology edge and the advantage of Jio brand, 
pedigree, underwriting and risk management will be very critical, and it will be centred on the 
principle of risk adjusted return on capital. Amongst other things, the risk management 
functions will leverage on alternate data points, which will operate when within the guardrails 
of the new digital protection data, Personal Data Protection Act of 2023. Collection is always 
very critical for any lending business, and a pre-emptive and curative collection framework 
using behavioural analytics is being put in place. In parallel to the team and tech stack build 
out which I have spoken about, as a first step over the last few months, Jio Finance Limited 
has worked towards the launch of two products in a sandbox environment. The first is a 
consumer durable loan and the second is personal loans and today, these products are 
present in 300 Points of Sales (POS) as on September 30th, 2023. 
Moving forward penetration of mobile data indeed provides a wonderful opportunity to serve 
the transacting needs of our customers through our digital products. These Payment 
Capabilities are expected to provide vital fulfilment tools for all our products across all 
subsidiaries.  
Now, we will of course continue to offer savings account and current account products through 
our payment bank business.  
We will also continue to offer insurance products through our insurance broking business to 
meet the needs of consumers and merchants. We will also offer solutions for corporate 
customers, vendor partners and small businesses in this way.  
The investment needs of our customers our first step towards putting these investment needs 
into an asset management company. In July this year as you already know, we had announced 
a joint venture with our partner BlackRock and have committed an initial investment of up to 
US$ 150 million each towards this joint venture. Thereafter over the last couple of months 
along with our partner, we have been focusing on the preparatory work towards this business 
launch, including all new regulatory approvals.  
Now I will request my colleague and our group chief operating officer Mr. Charanjit Attra to 
give you an overview of our Q2 results. 
Mr. Charanjit Attra, 13:17  
Thank you, Hitesh and a good evening, everyone. I'm pleased to present to you the financial 
highlights for the half year ended September 30, 2023. But before I discuss the financial 
highlights, I would like to highlight certain key aspects. The financial results for the half year 
ended September 30, 2023 have been prepared under the Indian accounting standards as 
prescribed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs.  
The company is systematically important non-deposit taking Non-Banking Financial Company 
registered with the Reserve Bank of India. The company shall meet the eligibility criteria for 
CIC and apply to Reserve Bank of India for the conversion to CIC within six months of the 
date of the scheme becoming effective or three months of the date of listing our equity shares, 
whichever is earlier. The company is in the process of filing the same. The consolidated 
financial statements include the financial results of the company as a holding company and its 
subsidiaries namely: 

 
 
 
4 | P a g e 
Jio Financial Services Limited 
Jio Finance Limited (formerly Reliance Retail Finance Limited), which is a registered NBFC 
and is engaged in the business of lending and making investment in shares and securities in 
India.  
Jio Insurance Broking Limited (formerly Reliance Retail Insurance Broking Limited), which is 
engaged in the business of insurance broking in India. 
Jio Payment Solutions Limited (formerly Reliance Payment Solutions Limited), engaged in the 
business of payment gateways and payment aggregator business including merchant 
payments 
In addition to the about the consolidated financial statements also include the results of 
Reliance Industrial Investment Holdings Limited, Jio Infrastructure Management Services 
Limited and Jio Information Aggregator Services Limited, which are subsidiaries and Reliance 
Strategic Holding Limited, which has been accounted for and then associate in accordance 
with the Indian Accounting Standards.  
We have also a joint venture namely Jio Payment Bank Limited engaged in the business of 
providing financial services including payment banking facilities and retail banking facilities in 
accordance with the guidelines issued by the Reserve Bank of India. The names of all of us 
consumer facing entities have been aligned with the Jio Brand. The figures of our previous 
year are strictly not comparable. 
Now, I will discuss the financial results for the current quarter and the last quarter. The 
Consolidated profit after tax for the second quarter of financial year 2024 increased to Rs. 668 
crores from Rs. 332 crores in the first quarter of the financial year 2024. The Consolidated 
profit after tax of Rs. 668 crores include dividend income of Rs. 371 crores of which Rs. 150 
crores have been included in the share of income from associates and joint ventures.  
The Consolidated net worth as of September 30, 2023 was at Rs. 1.16 lakh crores as 
compared to Rs. 1.14 lakh crores at March 31, 2023. The standalone profit after tax was at 
Rs. 89 crores for the second quarter for the year ended 2024 from Rs. 145 crores for the first 
quarter of the financial year 2024. This was primarily due to lower interest-bearing securities 
in the second quarter the reflecting transfer of group company shares. The standalone net 
worth was at Rs. 24,288 crores. The PPOP increased by Rs. 176.23 crores in the second 
quarter, primarily due to dividend income of Rs. 217 crores, the dividend income was offset 
by higher employee cost and low investment income. The fee and the commission income 
represent fees received by the insurance broking and the payment service business. The 
increase in PAT as seen on the slide can be primarily attributed to increase in our pre-provision 
operating profit by Rs. 176.3 crores as explained earlier to Rs. 536.62 crores in the second 
quarter. The increase in PAT can also be attributed to the increase in share of JVs and 
Associates by about Rs. 150.84 crores. On the balance sheet, the consolidated total assets 
of the company were Rs. 1,19,598 crores, of which the consolidated total investments were 
about Rs. 1,12,490 crores.  The non-interest-bearing investments included in the above will 
be managed and utilized in accordance with the growth plans of the group across business 
verticals. Further at September 30 2023. RIIHL holds 24.09 crore equity shares of Reliance 
Industries Limited representing 3.56% of the share capital of Reliance Industries Limited and 
is the sole beneficiary of 17.19 crore equity shares representing 2.54% of the paid-up capital 
our Reliance Industries held by Reliance Services and Holdings Limited.  
To conclude, I would like to thank all of you for the continued support to the company. We 
consider it as a privilege to be able to contribute towards the growth of our economy. We 

 
 
 
5 | P a g e 
Jio Financial Services Limited 
remain committed to rebuilding trust in us with superior sustainable returns over the long time. 
I wish everyone here the best of health and happiness. And I would like right now like to 
transfer this to Mr. Saurabh to complete the vote of thanks. 
Mr. Saurabh Rajderkar, 19:46 
Thank you, sir, for the presentation and thank you everyone for joining this call today. Our 
earnings presentation shall be uploaded on our website www.jfs.in So on behalf of JFSL this 
concludes the earnings call. Thank you once again and you may now disconnect. Thank you. 
