 
Birla Corporation Limited 
Corporate Office: 
1, Shakespeare Sarani, 
A.C. Market (2nd Floor), Kolkata 700 071 
P: 033 6603 3300-02 
F: +91 332288 4426 
E: Coordinator@birlacorp.com 
 
 
Registered Office: Birla Building, 9/1 R. N. Mukherjee Road, Kolkata-700001 | CIN: L01132WB1919PLC003334 | | www.birlacorporation.com| 
P: 033 6616 6745/6826; +91 33 2248 2872/7983 
 
 
 
 
15th November, 2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500335 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
‘Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400 051 
Scrip Symbol: BIRLACORPN 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of the investors/analyst earnings conference call on the Unaudited 
Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half 
year ended 30th September, 2023_________________________________________________________________ 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A Schedule III of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find attached the transcript of the investors/analyst earnings conference call held on 9th November, 
2023 at 1.30 P.M. (IST) on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the 
Company for the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023. The event concluded at 2.31 P.M. 
(IST) on 9th November, 2023. 
 
A 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company's 
website 
at 
https://birlacorporation.com/earnings-call-transcript.html. 
 
This is for your information and record.  
 
Thanking you,                                                                                    
 
Yours faithfully, 
For BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
(MANOJ KUMAR MEHTA) 
Company Secretary & Legal Head  
 
Encl: As above 
 
MANOJ 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ MEHTA 
Date: 2023.11.15 
15:38:40 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Birla Corporation Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANDIP GHOSE –MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – BIRLA CORPORATION 
LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA SARAOGI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. RAJAT PRUSTY – CHIEF OF MANUFACTURING AND 
PROJECTS – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. KALIDAS PRAMANIK – HEAD OF MARKETING AND 
SALES – BIRLA CORPORATION LIMITED 
MR. ARUN AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
RCCPL PRIVATE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJESH KUMAR RAVI – HDFC SECURITIES 
 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 2 of 16 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Birla Corp Q2 FY24 Results Conference 
call hosted by HDFC Securities. As a reminder, participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Kumar Ravi from HDFC Securities. Thank you 
and over to you, sir. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of HDFC Securities, we welcome you to Q2 FY24 
earnings call of Birla Corp. From the management side, we have Mr. Sandip Ghose, MD and 
CEO, and Mr. Aditya Saraogi, CFO, to discuss the results. 
 
I now hand over the call to the management for the opening remarks, which will be followed by 
the Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Good afternoon. Very good afternoon. I'm Sandip Ghose, MD and CEO of Birla Corporation. I 
have with me key members of our E-team. That is Mr. Aditya Saraogi, our CFO, Mr. Rajat 
Prusty, our Chief of Manufacturing and Projects. I have Mr. Kalidas Pramanik, who is our Chief 
Marketing Officer, and I have Mr. Arun Agarwal, who is our Finance Controller. Thank you 
very much for joining this call. I'm sorry we are literally eating into your lunch time, that all of 
you took the time out to join us. I'm indeed grateful for your continued interest in Birla 
Corporation. 
 
This is the third con call we are making, and the large participation indeed gladdens our heart 
that all of you, though we are relatively a smaller company than many of our big peers, that you 
continue to be interested in our company's performance. That's very encouraging for the 
management and our operating team, and it gives us a great deal of inspiration as well. Now, 
coming to the quarter's performance, I think we have circulated a very comprehensive press 
release, which covers much more than what probably is covered in the presentation. 
 
So you would have had all the major explanations of management in terms of uncommentary 
management, in terms of the performance. I will therefore focus on a few key areas, which I 
anticipate would be also your main points of interest. And then on, you know, we'll move from 
there to take on your questions as we go along. 
 
First, I think which is everybody's favorite topic, is our Mukutban operations. I'm very happy to 
report that Mukutban, we have been progressing very much according to our plans. I've 
mentioned in the previous calls, when I took over as the Managing Director and the new E-team 
at the beginning of this year, I found there was much of, you know, apprehensions or some 
amount of misgivings about how our Mukutban project was doing. 
 
There was some perception in the market. I don't know how it was contributed, what contributed 
to it, that Mukutban was probably lagging behind plans and it was not really working out on 
plans. And I personally felt when I took over, and that was the conversation I had with our 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 3 of 16 
 
promoters and directors, that I personally felt as soon as I came in and when I did my ground 
checks before joining, I joined a month before that on the board, I was very confident that 
Mukutban was in the right path and very soon we will see, you know, light at the end of the 
tunnel if there was one. 
 
Because Mukutban, you know, contrary to what people didn't quite appreciate, it had come into 
being in very, very difficult circumstances. We ran straight into the heart of COVID and then 
the second wave of COVID was even more harsh, which affected our operation. But we, our 
management team, the project team did an excellent job along with our contractors and 
associates to carry through the construction in that period. 
 
And what we achieved through that, you know, there are, I think there were very few other 
examples of people carrying on such a massive project during that time. But obviously, there 
was a kind of a delay that would have contributed, but the delay was not only on our side, because 
the delay was also impacted in the market because of whatever the COVID lag effect which was 
there in those markets, that was also there, it had a lot of collateral impact. And so it had to be 
judged in that context. 
 
But coming, cutting a long story short, after nine months, I can say with confidence that we are 
moving ahead in full steam. And there is traction, there is momentum. We have already said in 
our report that we were close to one and a half lakh tons in September. It is since then, it has 
gone up further. In October, we had a very good month of October for Mukutban. Our various 
strategies which I had outlined earlier are yielding results. 
 
But one major, very, very major development which had, and that is entirely as per our plan and 
prediction, was the scaling up of mining in our own captive mines at Mukutban. Again, a factor 
on which I think there were a lot of people had some doubts or raised some apprehensions. But 
today, our captive mines is fully operational and this has given, had a very, very positive impact 
in terms of our raw material cost. 
 
And we, not only are we able to mine from approximate, you know, source, but there were 
earlier, we had to get in some high quality limestone from distant places for, to top up the quality. 
All of that has been eliminated. Now, we are purely on our own source and this had a huge 
impact over there. 
 
And as our production, our capacity utilization has been going up in Mukutban, the plant is 
running, you know, for the kiln is running for a longer period and that is bringing in all the 
efficiencies over there. And we have had a progressive reduction in cost month after month. If I 
were to give you some ballpark indication without going into specific numbers, from the time 
we started or commissioned the plant, or if you were to compare exactly same time last year to 
now, the reduction in our variable cost is about 50% since then. 
 
And from where we started off exactly a year back. And that should give you an idea of the kind 
of, you know, bottom line impact that is coming through over there. Simultaneously, if I were 
to show you a graph of how the volumes are being ramped up, that has been a steady increase. 
 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 4 of 16 
 
 
So, it has been a double bonanza, volumes going up and there is a strategy for it, which I will 
explain to you in a little greater detail later. So, if you were to see a graph, either month on month 
or if you see it on a moving average basis, we are making steady progress to come to, as I told 
you [inaudible] Am I back? Can you hear me? Because there seems to have been an interruption. 
Okay. We are there. Can I continue? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Okay. Sorry about that. 
Sandip Ghose 
So, coming back, as I said, we have reached about 150,000 tons at the end of September. But 
that was no flash in the pan because we have made a steady progress, even in October, taking it 
up further, figures which probably would not be appropriate for me to say. But so, you have had 
a two-way, you know, benefit. And I will dwell on the marketing strategy and our marketing 
plans, how it's panning out a little later. So, that's really been a heartening story as far as we are 
concerned. Now, talking of volumes, there are two parts to it. 
 
You all are always interested and all would be interested in terms of our Maharashtra sales. And 
I can say that our Maharashtra sales today, out of this 150,000 tons, if we were to talk about our 
Maharashtra sale is higher than a lakh tons, which is again, more than two-third of the volume 
is coming from Maharashtra. This is excluding Telangana, which is almost an adjacent market. 
 
And taken together, we are doing about that volumes over there. But we are getting additional 
50,000 tons odd from secondary markets. And this was perhaps not appreciated. This is very 
much part of our strategy. What we have been able to do as I have dwelt in the earlier con calls, 
we are now servicing a large area in southern Madhya Pradesh from Mukutban. Now, these 
areas, again, we are reaping a two-way benefit. 
 
One is these areas are today much more serviceable from Mukutban and then they are opening 
up for us. Earlier, from Maihar and Satna, we could not reach these places very effectively. So, 
our penetration in these areas or the reach or the extensive reach was not very large. 
 
Now, today, because I am able to service these areas better, there is better connectivity rail-wise 
from Mukutban. And if you were to look at all these railheads like Ratlam, you look at Khandwa 
and Chindwara, Betul, all these are the railheads which is there, which I am able to take. And 
therefore, my distribution network there is increasing. 
 
Simultaneously, I had mentioned to you earlier, South Gujarat has come within a striking 
distance. So, there also our volumes are picking up. And also, occasionally, on an opportunistic 
basis, we are able to service adjoining areas of Chhattisgarh on an opportunistic or a tactical 
situation. 
 
Now, what does this do for me? What it is doing for me, as we had mentioned earlier, in terms 
of our strategy, it is releasing a lot of my clinker capacity from Maihar and Satna. And this 
material, I am able to service, A, my profitable markets of Eastern UP, Madhya Pradesh, but 
also take all the way to Bihar. But not only Bihar, this is sometimes, depending on the prices in 
the east, which fluctuates. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 5 of 16 
 
But now, as you know, the prices are moving up in the east once again. We are able to even 
service parts of West Bengal, especially North Bengal, which were earlier not reachable. And it 
is not really at a low price. It does not make sense for us to supply ex-Durgapur, which is a high-
cost unit. We are able to service there. 
So, the Mukutban facility should not be, as we have said, should not be looked at in isolation. 
And a point I have mentioned in the press release, and this I had elaborated in some of our earlier 
conversations, is today my central zone market, which is the key market, I have really, in a way, 
surrounded on a 360-degree basis, from four of our main plants, which is Satna, Maihar. On the 
other side, from Chanderia, I was already supplying Western MP, that is Indore and those 
adjoining areas over there. 
And now, because of Mukutban, I am able to service, Southern MP and Gujarat. And in the 
process, as I said, releasing much of my capacity in those earlier, the older plants for more 
proximate location. So, this has worked out very well for us. And that's also because something 
which I mentioned in the press release yesterday, not many people realize there is a lot of talk 
in the market about people doing cross-branding, people utilizing flexibility of manufacturing, 
flexibility of two companies or their other plants. 
But Birla Corporation has been doing this way back since 2016, when we have been seamlessly 
supplying the market with products from both the old BCL stable, that is Chetak, Samrat, 
etcetera, and the newer brand, which is Perfect Plus, we were doing it seamlessly, 
interchangeably, from Satna, Maihar, Kundanganj, Raebareli, Chittor, all these places to these 
areas. And now, to that portfolio has been added Mukutban. 
So, our ability to reach these markets, service these markets, is better than a lot of our esteemed 
peers who are in the same league as ours in terms of capacity and size. But that brings me to the 
other point, related point, is about our branding strategy of Perfect Plus.  
Today, when you see, we keep talking about our premium component in our trade sales, which 
is about 54% comes from the premium component, and within that premium component, Perfect 
Plus contributes about 65% of the premium component, which is the volume. 
Perfect Plus is acquiring the status of not only being a flagship brand, but it is also, if I were to 
say, it is close to becoming a national brand, because we have today got media synergy to 
promote Perfect Plus on a pan-India or pan-North India, at least I can say, north of the 
Vindhayas, that area, the Hindi-speaking media market, that I am able to promote Perfect Plus. 
And we are seeing that traction coming through. 
Very clearly, we are seeing the investments which we have made on this brand for the last several 
years now paying off, because even if you were to look at Mukutban, where I have said this 
before, that when a new market, when I am entering, for us, it is a virgin territory, and when I 
am entering there, even today, I am selling more than 40% of premium products in those markets. 
And that has been, therefore, the acceptance of Perfect Plus has been very good in these areas. 
And going forward, it is premature, it will be premature for us to reveal, but you will see much 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 6 of 16 
 
more investment in this franchise of Perfect Plus, both in the brand itself as well as brand 
extensions. Now, why brand itself? 
I will come back to that in a while, a little later. But Mukutban market, we are looking clearly at 
positioning ourselves as a premium player. So, we have also just launched our Rakshak brand, 
which is a super premium water repellent brand in league with some of our competitors, top-end 
brands like ACC Gold and Ambuja Kavach, etcetera. 
And we have launched that in the Maharashtra market, and we will be supplying adjoining 
markets. So, this is to take up our value share in these places. Now, more than that, we have 
reached a 54%, which is pretty much, you might call it a saturation level of a premium thing, 
because our idea is not to vacate the popular space. 
We would like to operate, as I keep using the term, borrowing from some other people, this is 
really a double-engine strategy. We are one of the few companies who offers travel between the 
popular value, which I call the value segment, and the premium segment simultaneously. Either 
our top, our bigger competitors, they play only in the A category, they don't have B category 
offerings, or we have a lot of people who are at our league who play only or primarily in the B 
category with a very small segment of A category product, whereas we are more or less evenly 
distributed between the two. 
Now, what does this allow me to do? Again, within the premium, by the way, we have followed 
always a segmented strategy, which no longer it is only Perfect Plus. We have now got Samrat 
advance in our core gung-ho markets, which is positioned below Perfect Plus, but higher than 
the value segment. 
Now, with Perfect Plus gaining a critical mass across the geographies where we are present, and 
now through investing in it further, I hope to take up the premium of Perfect Plus, not in terms 
of volume, but in terms of price premium further. A lot of you do your own independent checks, 
channel checks, and your own market research, and you may like to validate my statement today 
in our key markets. If you were to look at Eastern UP, large strata of Madhya Pradesh, I am 
priced, in fact, in some markets, a couple of rupees higher than some of the leading brands, 
which were there in the A segment. 
It is a function of two things. Some of the A category brands have diluted their price position. I 
do not want to name them. You know them better than me, and others, there is a lot of, tussle in 
that segment, but within that segment, we have been able to not only hold our price position, but 
we have been also able to hold our market share, and that is the point which we have highlighted 
in the press release. In all our core markets, despite the tough competition which is happening 
there, we have managed to hold our market share. By core markets, I mean, again, once again, 
MP and Eastern UP. 
These are our most profitable markets, and we have been able to hold both our price position 
and this, which, once again, reaffirms and reiterates our branding strategy. So, although these 
markets are seeing a lot of competition, both at the value end due to new players who have come 
in, as well as at the higher end, where you have the biggies, looking eye to eye, and some of 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 7 of 16 
 
them diluting their price position, etcetera, we, as, a second, a lot of these markets, we are the 
number two brand in comparison there. 
In some markets, we are actually, in combined sense, Birla Corporation is the market leader, if 
I were to combine both the value and the premium segment. But we have been able to hold that, 
and I think that's something I would give Mr. Pramanik and his team a lot of credit, plus whatever 
the brand investment, the channel investment, creating what I call the distribution assets and 
marketing assets has paid off. 
Our sales team, I think they are very motivated and charged. There is a lot of pride in our sales 
team, people who are working in the field. We are getting today, our employer branding there 
has improved. We are getting constantly people from bigger companies wanting to join us. So 
this, all this kind of, reconfirms my faith in that. 
Perfect Plus, again, in a very small way, though we have not focused too much on that segment, 
in our brand extension, we launched our RMX or RMC, we did a test marketing and a pilot plant 
in Uttar Pradesh, in Lucknow, which we are selling the ready mix concrete as branded as Perfect 
Plus Concrete. We are not selling it as MP Birla Concrete, we are selling it as Perfect Plus 
Concrete. We have got very positive response. 
We are, again, in a small way, we were one of the first to introduce the value-added segment of, 
waterproofing material, wall putty, etcetera, again, under the same, though we have not really, 
so far, put too much effort behind those, we are finding even those, the acceptance in the trade 
channels is good. So the franchise is working, is what I'm trying to emphasize to you all. You 
will see much of this, therefore, happening also in the Maharashtra and Mukutban market. 
So far, we have been keeping our powder dry in those markets till we achieved a critical mass, 
but going forward, in the next few months, you will see a lot of marketing action in those places, 
which are tailor-made, focused in that market, through which we expect to, improve our brand 
salience and presence there. So that is what I would stop on the branding thing there.  
The next point, I assume your interest would be in our new unit, which we have declared, 
announced yesterday, which we are going to set up in Prayagraj. This, we had indicated to you 
all earlier, that our next major expansion, in terms of clinker capacity, will come at Maihar, and 
that will be about two years down the line, because we were originally talking about 2025, it 
would get postponed by a year or so, because of the Mukutban delay, etcetera. So, in the 
meanwhile, our investments would be in optimizing some of our production capabilities -- our 
capacity. 
Now, here, the strategy is, if you were to ask me, is this, all of you know that next year, my 
Kundanganj's incentives are going to be, excuse me, going to expire, and in that situation, I 
would need another, though I will offset a lot of that thing with our Mukutban incentives, which 
will kick in by then, and start coming and compensate that in the bottom line. 
But going forward, I need to augment this, and this Prayagraj facility, which will be entitled to 
the UP government incentive of 300% of investment, is going to provide me a substantial benefit 
out there. But the benefit will not be restricted only to the incentive, the benefit will also  --  

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 8 of 16 
 
accrue in terms of logistics, because when I'm in that market, right now, I am bringing fly ash 
from that zone of around Allahabad and adjoining areas from Prayagraj back to Satna or Maihar. 
This, which I'll produce, I will be producing in the market, and this being a very, very core 
market, it will increase my serviceability in those markets, instead of servicing them all the way 
from Satna. 
And we expect, therefore, that's why we have mentioned very clearly in our press release that 
we expect the ramp-up to happen very soon. Now, meanwhile, you might ask, what is happening 
in terms of my overall capacity? How do I manage to keep the projection of 15%, which we 
have talked about in our volume delivery? I have already given you a clue to that. We had this 
plan, how we are optimizing our Mukutban facility to sell there. And there are other things on 
Mukutban, clinker capacity, I talked of earlier, how we are able to sometimes swap or, carry the 
clinker, even sometimes makes sense for us to carry it all the way to West Bengal, to Durgapur, 
and other things. 
So, these are the things which will, and also debottlenecking, which we have in plan, will carry 
us through in the interim period. And here, when I am talking about volumes, I think it will be 
appropriate to me to touch on our oldest unit, Chanderia. Now, Chanderia, we had carried out 
certain expansions earlier, which you are aware of. Now, those expansions are fully utilized, and 
we have really stretched our capacity there. So, that is now going to be -- that is beginning to 
produce in full steam, and that will also give us some additional volume. So, that is how our 
entire volume makeup will happen in the interim period, and with that, the branding strategy is 
what is going to move up. 
Coming down, all of you know about Project Shikhar. We have mentioned Shikhar is operating 
very well. It has already yielded about INR50 per ton savings, but now the Phase 2 of Shikhar 
will start. It is early for me to share more details, where we will now start tackling more of the 
overheads part of our operation, the fixed overheads and costs, and we expect to get benefits of 
that in the coming period. Maybe not much of it will accrue in the next six months, but you will 
start seeing results of that going forward. 
But simultaneously, a project which we had not talked about earlier is Project Unnati, which Mr. 
Kalidas Pramanik is leading in the entire go-to-market segment, which is not just brand sales 
distribution, where there are a lot of initiatives like digitization, etcetera, happening, but also 
into logistics. We have made certain investments in the previous period. Some of them were yet 
to fructify, but now they are fructifying. One is our integrated logistic management system, 
which will get operational in two of our main plants, and that will give us total visibility of the 
movement, outward movement of our material right to the dealer's steps, and be able to monitor 
movement costs and the turnarounds. 
So that is something which is taking place in the logistics field. We call it the ILMS, Integrated 
Logistics Management System. Along with that, we talked about our focus market activities with 
an idea to raise, first of all, our realization. Here, I would like to mention that is the way we have 
maintained realization. All of you know, in the core markets of ours in Central India, prices had 
slipped in the last quarter, but we have been by and large able to maintain our price because of 
the focus marketing activity and focus on premium brands, especially in Madhya Pradesh, where 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 9 of 16 
 
last year it has slipped a bit, but we are putting in all efforts on perfect plus, and we are seeing 
the results. So there is a whole gamut of things in Project Unnati, which I am going to share with 
you all later. That is beginning to give us the results. 
So I think by and large, I have covered most of the areas from my side to reiterate on volumes 
and capacity utilization. You know that capacity utilization this time has reached 87%, and a lot 
of it is because of the Mukutban scaling up. It will go up further. We were earlier at 90%, 95%. 
We were operating at large. We are still operating at that in our older plants. This is going to go 
up further in the coming quarters. We are keeping our volume projections unchanged. 
We still maintain that we are going for our EBITDA margin in the region closer to INR850. In 
that kind of region, what we have talked about earlier, we are not changing that. Internally, we 
have maintained our same budgets as we started the year with, and therefore for the benefit of 
all of you, we are not changing all of that, and I think we are cautiously optimistic of making 
that. 
On pricing, we are taking again a realistic view. Although, we have seen some price increases 
during October, we are also seeing some slackening this month. So to be conservative, we are 
taking on a flat price scenario between October to March. Anything which comes as a tailwind 
will be beneficial for us. We will welcome it. But in terms of our own internal projections, we 
are looking at a more or less flat scenario in planning our volumes, planning our marketing 
strategy. 
So I will take a pause here and open it for questioning. I would request for the sake of being able 
to accommodate everybody, please don't put two or three questions together. Try to keep your 
main questions so that I can take on more people, because later on, I get complaints from a lot 
of my friends that you didn't give us a chance to ask or you didn't answer our question. I like to 
have them as friends, so give everybody a good chance to speak. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mr. Aman Agrawal from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. First, on the Mukutban itself, last time we highlighted 
that because of the depressed prices in Maharashtra region, we had to curtail some dispatches to 
far markets of Maharashtra. We just wanted to understand how was the situation in 2Q and what 
was the lead distance for Mukutban and overall lead distance in 2Q? 
Sandip Ghose 
I will let this question be answered by our marketing head, Kalidas Pramanik, so that you can 
hear it from the horse's mouth and in terms of the Mukutban, footprint. 
Kalidas Pramanik: 
Yes, this is Kalidas Pramanik from marketing side. So, the question pertaining to Mukutban, if 
you look at, mostly we have sold in Maharashtra. Out of our total sale, whatever we have sold, 
almost 65% to 70% it has been sold in the Maharashtra itself. And then when you are talking 
about the certain areas carved out from the MP, the southern parts of the Madhya Pradesh, there 
as well as we have sold some quantity in Gujarat. In Gujarat, yes, the lead is little bit higher, but 
if you look at the pricing point of view, that pricing is far better than the Maharashtra and this 
part. So, that gives us a better contribution. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 10 of 16 
 
So, our further efforts will remain to maximize our sale in Maharashtra. Yes, but these are the 
areas which are coming as a natural market for Telangana as well as southern Madhya Pradesh 
and small quantity in the Chhattisgarh area. And whatever the tactical way, one or two rakes we 
are sending like North Bengal and all these areas, this is just when the opportunity sells, 
whenever the price is better, we are pushing it. 
But our prime focus is in Maharashtra and southern MP. So, and as far as the lead is concerned, 
if we talk about the lead is mostly within the Maharashtra itself, our lead, it is coming around 
250 kilometers to 300 kilometers. That is the range basically we are focusing on. And if you 
look at, yes, Gujarat, it is coming around 750 kilometers to 800 kilometers. But overall, if you 
talk about, it is not going more than 350 kilometers to 400 kilometers. 
You asked all prices and price. And if I look at the prices, prices, yes, in the Maharashtra, if you 
look at in the quarter 2, that is a little increase happened, not as we expected. And that, since it 
is our home market, it gives better realization. Simultaneously, if you look at the MP, MP more 
or less the price remains flat. But since it is closer to our plant, it gives as good as Maharashtra 
realization. And as already I talked about in Gujarat, since price is better than these are the parts, 
it is giving the good realization. And I'm expecting in the quarter and then October more or less, 
we put our efforts and we realize some price gain. 
And in this month, yes, as MD also said that that little bit slackening is there. But I'm hopeful 
that after Dipawali, again, it will pick it up. 
Sandip Ghose 
I'll just add to the price point to answer. I think you were focusing more on Maharashtra. As Mr. 
Pramanik said, Maharashtra did not increase significantly, only marginal price increase. But 
what allowed us to increase our footprint is the sharp decline in our cost, which we got. We were 
expecting increase in Telangana, which sometimes is a spillover effect into the adjoining areas 
of Maharashtra. As you know, Telangana has also been a little yo-yo situation. There has not 
been effectively price increase. So price increase has not really contributed to our volume 
increase. Our volume increase has come through partly improving our realization through 
premiumization and our cost efficiencies. Thank you. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the detailed explanation. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Shravan Shah from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shravan Shah: 
Thank you, sir. Sir, we are again reiterating INR850 EBITDA per ton. So in the first half, we 
have done INR673 per ton. That means the ask rate in the second half is more than INR1,025. 
So that is a 52% hike from the current INR673 that we have achieved. So how are we confident 
that we are able to deliver such number? And that means in the third quarter also, are we 
expecting such a significant increase in the profitability to more than INR1,000? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have a very clear roadmap and our internal visibility on this. And we have also factored in 
certain tailwinds, but equally we have factored in contingencies in case some of those tailwinds 
were not to materialize. But clearly, we will get benefits through our higher volumes, which we 
are talking about. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 11 of 16 
 
 
We have looked at marginally higher prices through our mix, geomix and our, if you were to 
look at, when we talk of prices in our kind of company and as it is for other larger companies, it 
is a mix of a variety of things, including which plant is producing how much and the respective 
pricing in those markets. We have a view on that. 
So although the overall market prices may not go up, but in our mix, the prices should go up and 
we are looking at therefore about a 3% kind of increase going through in this second half. 
Mukutban profitability will clearly, be a major contributor. And as I have indicated to you, we 
had earlier indicated an exit rate for Mukutban in March 24. We are hopeful of achieving that 
much ahead of it. 
 
We are, today tracking ahead of our own projections. So if that happens earlier, Mukutban should 
throw some positive surprises. And then our efforts on Shikhar, Unnati, etcetera will already 
Shikhar has delivered 50. We expect to see more delivery through Unnati as well. It is about 
INR17 to INR20 we are beginning to see now through ILMS and other things will come in. 
 
So overall in that mix, when we are saying, we have always said just to be very clear, I am not 
diluting the 850 number, but we always said in the region of 850 and that is something which 
we maintain. 
Shravan Shah: 
Okay, that's great. Second, sir, if you can share a couple of data points, lead distance for second 
quarter,1H for FY'24 and for FY'23 as a company on a console basis and KKL cost for this 
quarter and the fuel mix, particularly our own coal mine share is how much and the petcock is 
how much? 
Sandip Ghose: 
I requested you all to limit your questions to one. I'm sure this question will come up later. We'll 
take it up then. I'd like to give a chance to another person. 
Shravan Shah: 
Sir, I request you to humble request. Yes, I understand. I just wanted to finish my line. Sir, 
humble request. If you can reduce your opening remarks, you have taken a 30 minutes and then 
we don't get the chance to ask the question. So either you increase the con call time to one and 
a half hour. So that's a humble request. 
Sandip Ghose: 
We will keep that in mind next time. And that's a very good input for me. I tend to speak too 
much. If you don't like that, we'll keep it. I don't mind keeping it only question answers because 
we do. I got wrong feedback so far that you do like, a longer explanation. But if this is the feeling 
of the entire house, next time onwards we'll make amends. I'll take the feedback from our con 
call arrangers. If they also, that's general feedback. We'll certainly reduce it. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Parth Bhavsar from Investec. Please go 
ahead. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Hi, sir. So thank you for the opportunity. So I just wanted to know that what sort of EBITDA 
Per Ton did Mukutban generate this quarter? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We don't disclose our numbers unit wise, please. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Would it be like in line with the consolidated number? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Obviously, we can't comment on that. Obviously, consolidated number, if you're saying the 
average number Mukutban and if you're expecting Mukutban to come anywhere close to that, 
that's very unrealistic. A consolidated number is a weighted average. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
And the last question, what sort of incentives do we expect at Mukutban? 
Sandip Ghose: 
What kind of? 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Incentives. 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have said that before. Our incentive would be INR600 per ton in Mukutban. But that will 
obviously get averaged out between other units. And also, there are various factors on which the 
incentives get decided as per the incentive rules of Maharashtra. But overall, if you were asking 
us, that is the kind of number which we have budgeted on a longer-term basis. 
Parth Bhavsar: 
Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Amit Murarka from Axis Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Amit Murarka: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So the first question is again around Mukutban. So I missed the 
opening comment, actually, the first part of it. So what is the utilization currently at Mukutban? 
And what is the exit FY'24 that you're looking at? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Our current Mukutban, utilization is in the region of 40% till quarter two. We are looking at an 
exit of closer to 60%, between 55% to 60% when we exit quarter four. 
Amit Murarka: 
And how much sales will happen in Maharashtra out of that? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We've already indicated in the previous calls, we are looking at an exit of 2 lakh tons overall. 
And in that, we expect Maharashtra to be closer to 150. 
Amit Murarka: 
150? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes. 
Amit Murarka: 
And currently, you are achieving similar proportions in your sales? 
Sandip Ghose: 
I said that in my speech, I won't repeat because I've already been ticked off for speaking too 
much. 
Amit Murarka: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh Kumar Das from Navodaya Enterprises. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Rajesh Kumar Das: 
Thank you for the opportunity, sir. My first question is, is there any possibility of declining the 
raw material prices in the coming quarters as well as in FY'24? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have not budgeted for anything. We are looking at it in a static way, which we think is 
realistic and that's why we would like to keep it. 
Rajesh Kumar Das: 
Okay, sir. My last question is, what is the expected premium sale volume in the next quarter as 
well as in FY'24? Any guidance for that, sir? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We already said that I think we have reached quite a bit of a peak in this and we don't want to 
vacate our value segment. We want to be more or less equal on both sides. Our strategy now 
would be to increase the premium on products rather than just increase premium sales volume. 
 
At 54%, which we have reached, actually at 50%, I'm very happy. If something more is fine, 
give or take, but we don't want to push it further. I would rather push up my premium Per Bag. 
Rajesh Kumar Das: 
Sir, my last question is, any price increase in the month of October and November and what is 
the average price for this quarter? 
Sandip Ghose: 
I have already indicated that. As I said, I won't repeat, then your other colleagues will pull me 
up again for repeating myself. Thanks. 
Rajesh Kumar Das: 
Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Vipulkumar Shah from Sumangal 
Investment. Please go ahead. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. This question relates to our Chanderia plant where there are 
restrictions on limestone mining. So how does it affect the raw material cost there? 
Sandip Ghose: 
Chanderia limestone mining has been existing for the last, if I'm not mistaken, how many? 
Management: 
Eight years. 
Sandip Ghose: 
So that is our current normal. That's how we operate. All our projections are there. We do not 
consider it to be a handicap. We have perfected the art of mining without blasting, reduced our 
costs. Whatever we are projecting today is the basis of that. 
 
If the court orders and other things change, that will be a new projection. But right now, whatever 
we are telling you, basis current -- the same thing which has been happening for the last eight 
years, so there is no change. 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
So is cost there much above the company average or we have been able to bring it down through 
these innovative initiatives? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have brought it down and the delta has been indicated throughout, sir. There is nothing new 
to add in that. 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Vipulkumar Shah: 
Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mangesh Bhadang from Centrum Broking. 
Please go ahead. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Good afternoon, sir. And congratulations for a very good set of numbers. And happy festive 
season. Happy Diwali to everyone there. Hello. 
Sandip Ghose: 
Yes, I'm there. Please go ahead with your question. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Sorry, sir. Couple of questions. So first is on the limestone availability. So just wanted to have 
a question on Chanderia and the Satna associated limestone mines. What kind of proportion do 
we have to buy in terms of higher quality limestone there? And is the availability of, basically 
is that a constraint that availability of that high quality limestone? 
Sandip Ghose: 
We have no constraints. Sometimes you buy a little sweetener that is common for all the, all 
cement plants. We are not buying anything because our quality is bad or we are short of quantity. 
And we have been moving on a strategy to increase our limestone reserves, to extend our 
limestone reserves. As you know, the acquisition which we did on Sanghi, which is there. So we 
have similar plans in pipeline and we don't expect any shortage in limestone at any of these 
locations. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Thank you, sir. So second one is on the debt. 
Sandip Ghose: 
No second, please. No second, please. There are others waiting in the queue. 
Mangesh Bhadang: 
Okay, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Aman Agrawal. Please go ahead. 
Aman Agrawal: 
So much. Thanks for the follow up. My another question was on the thermal power plant, captive 
power plant. Now we have already reached 60% of our power requirements through these 
sources. Do we expect a further inch up in this? 
Management: 
No, I think this is the level at which we expect to maintain. 
Aman Agrawal: 
Okay. And just the last bookkeeping question. 
Sandip Ghose 
No. You have first of all come back again and you're adding more questions. I have to say no to 
you. Others are in the queue. 
Aman Agrawal: 
It's okay. Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rajesh Ravi. Please go ahead, sir. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Good afternoon. My question pertains to Mukutban. You know, we are seeing the ramp up while 
you mentioned that the ramp up is happening. But what stops you to bring 75% of the time in 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 15 of 16 
 
the non-trade opportunity is doing this in the nearby markets, whereby you can expedite the 
ramp up? And also, what was the fuel cost in Q2 per kilocal? 
Sandip Ghose 
We are, customer agnostic at this moment. If my capacity is not fully utilized, it is unlike, say, 
in my other plants where I'm operating at 95%. There I try to minimize my OPC, minimize my 
non-trade. Here, when I'm operating at a lower level, I am totally capacity agnostic. I don't worry 
about that. I will sell wherever it is economical to sell and whatever I get. 
Now, it all depends, again, as I said, on the pricing. There is a certain limit on which you can 
sell non-trade in a certain area. If I find non-trade lucrative for me to go and sell in Gujarat, 
which I already do, I will sell non-trade in Gujarat. I will sell non-trade as far as down in 
Maharashtra I can. So, I don't give up any opportunity here in Mukutban. It's not that I can 
increase to 75% and I'm cutting it down to 53% now. 
So, when the opportunity comes, the prices are, lucrative, I'll sell wherever. So, there is no, 
nothing prevents me from selling except for the viability of the numbers. 
Management: 
The fuel cost was 1.75 per 1,000 kilocal in Q2 of this financial year 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Great, sir. And do you expect this to further cool off , in Q3? 
Management: 
No. In Q3, we expect the cost to remain at these levels only. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Okay, sir. I'll come back in queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go 
ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Thank you for the opportunity and thank you for the vivid description. Sir, although Q1 and Q2 
sequentially are not comparable because of the monsoon impact, but then also we find our, the 
cost of material consumption is up numerically from INR352 crores to INR377 crores. So, if 
you could explain the reason why? 
Management: 
It is primarily because of increase in slag prices by Durgapur. Okay, and some increases in the 
outside limestone purchase at different locations. 
Sandip Ghose 
And that was mainly in Mukutban earlier when our, own mining was not fully operational. That 
is quite clear. But since you raised this, Mr. Kapoor, of our, one of the, which I didn't comment 
earlier, just for the benefit of all, one of the things I think you should take note of, and I 
personally think it's been creditable without patting ourselves on the back, is the consistency of 
our performance in the last three quarters. Not all our peers have had a consistent performance 
in the last three quarters, including some major ones who have had ups and downs. We have 
been able to maintain our consistent, and that's what the Chairman has remarked in his press 
release, which probably indicates that, we are on the right track. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct, sir. And a small point about the operating leverage, sir. For the Mukutban, I think so, 
as our utilization level is currently at 87%, you mentioned, 87% for H1. So, for H2, and also 
commenting on the EBITDA per ton that we have targeted for the year, when will this operating 

 
 
Birla Corporation Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
Page 16 of 16 
 
leverage start kicking in? At what percentage are you looking to exit H2 in terms of utilization 
levels? 
Management: 
See, at the end of the year, we should be in the region of more than 90% plus, on a corporate 
level. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, H2 will be 92% for the entire year? 
Management: 
H2 will be more than 90%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
More than 90%, right. Thank you, sir. And all the best, sir, and happy Dipawali to the team. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Nishant Bagrecha from Incred 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nishant Bagrecha: 
Yes, thank you so much for the opportunity, sir. And thank you again for the detailed opening 
remarks. This was really helpful. Sir, my question pertains to the demand side. So, just what did 
you sense on the demand outlook in the near term in your core market? 
Sandip Ghose 
I think, Nishant, what we have indicated, we can talk about ourselves. We are still confident of 
delivering 15% at the end of the period. I don't see demand. We have also mentioned in our press 
release, demand can get affected in our core market of Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh. You 
know, this month is actually a bad month because of both the elections plus the festive season, 
which is happening in these markets. But overall also, what is the good part is the demand in 
non-trade, especially from infrastructure, is sustaining. Even prices are not too bad there. So, we 
are reasonably confident of sticking to our 15%, but it varies from market to market. And as I 
mentioned in the context of Mukutban, if trade demand falls, I don't mind if it is economical or 
attractive for me to sell in non-trade, I will sell in non-trade. 
Nishant Bagrecha: 
Okay, thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I now would 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rajesh Kumar Ravi for closing comments. 
Sandip Ghose 
Before that, I want to wish all of you a very happy Diwali and New Year and taking this call just 
on the eve of the festive days to you, your families, colleagues, everybody. And thank you so 
much and my apologies once again if I took more time in the initial remarks. Thank you. 
Rajesh Ravi: 
Moderator, you can now conclude the call. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of HDFC Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
