                                                            
    
 
 
  
केन्द्रीय कायाालय: "सौदामिनी", प्लॉट नंबर 2, सेक्टर -29, गुरुग्राि -122001, (हररयाणा) दूरभाष: 0124-2571700-719 
Corporate Office: “Saudamini”, Plot No. 2, Sector-29, Gurugram-122001, (Haryana) Tel.: 0124-2571700-719 
पंजीकृत कायाालय: बी -9, कुतुब इंस्टीट्यूशनल एररया, कटवाररया सराय, नई मदल्ली -110 016. दूरभाष: 011-26560112, 26560121, 26564812, 26564892, CIN: L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Registered Office: B-9, Qutab Institutional Area, Katwaria Sarai, New Delhi-110 016. Tel: 011-26560112, 26560121, 26564812, 26564892,  
CIN : L40101DL1989GOI038121 
Website: www.powergrid.in 
 
 
16th November, 2023 
 
To 
The General Manager (Listing), 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, C 1/G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
  Bandra (East), Mumbai. 
 
To 
The General Manager, (Listing) 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai. 
 
 
 
Reference:  NSE-SCRIP ID: POWERGRID; BSE Scrip Code: 532898 EQ – ISIN 
INE752 E01010 
 
Sub:  
Transcript of Investors & Analysts’ Meet held on 09th November, 
2023. 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the copy of Transcript of 
Investors & Analysts Meet held on 09th November, 2023. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
 
 
(Mrinal Shrivastava) 
 Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
MRINAL 
SHRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed by 
MRINAL SHRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2023.11.16 
12:16:59 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Power Grid Corporation of India Limited 
 
Transcript of Investors & Analysts’ Meet  
(Q2 FY 2023-24)  
 
November 9, 2023 10:30 AM IST 
 
 
Management Team: 
 
 
 
i) Shri G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance) & CFO 
 
ii) Shri Abhay Choudhary - Director (Projects) 
 
iii) Shri R. K. Tyagi - Director (Operations) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 21 
 
 
 
Investors & Analysts’ Meet of Power Grid Corporation of India 
Q2 and H1, FY24 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group):  
− Greeting everyone. On behalf of IIFL Securities, I welcome you all to the 2nd Quarter 
and 1st Half FY24 Investors cum Analysts Meet of PowerGrid to discuss the 
performance of the company and share performance outlook. We have the senior 
management team of Powergrid represented by Shri. G. Ravisankar – Director 
(Finance) and CFO, Shri. Abhay Choudhary – Director (Projects), Shri. R.K. Tyagi – 
Director (Operations) Director (Operations). I’d request the management to make 
the presentation, subsequent to which, the floor will be open for Q&A. Over to you 
sir.  
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Thank you Harsh. Good morning to everyone. For the post publication of these Q2 
results, I welcome you all for this Investor & Analyst meet. We start with a small 
presentation. We will cover the PowerGrid overview and the major highlights and 
any performance highlights of this quarter, with the growth outlook and any awards 
we received in this quarter.  
− In the Overview – You know that we are a Schedule-‘A’ Maharatna and the 3rd 
largest CPSE. We continue to maintain 3rd largest CPSE in terms of gross block. We 
have a presence pan India. We have a network in almost every state, every district, 
and we have growing subsidiaries. Now we have 39 subsidiaries with 11 joint 
ventures and 4 associates. The 4 associates are like..we have a 26% stake in the SPVs 
which we transferred to InvIT; that is the 4 associates. We have global footprints in 
almost 23 countries. As far as credit rating goes, yes, we have enjoyed the highest 
credit rating in domestic. And as far as international is concerned, yes, it is on par 
with the sovereign rating.  
− As far as transmission assets, yes, we have 1,76,000 ckm. We have 1,478 
transmission lines. From last quarter we have added one more sub-station, now the 
account becomes 275 sub-stations. System availability continued to be above 99%. 
These are just a breakup of how many HVDC stations, 765 kV, 400 kV station, the 
breakup out of this 275.  
− This quarter we have received two TBCB companies with an annual tariff of 361 
crores. The NCT cost is 3,070. Like, Rajasthan project in Phase-III, Part C1 and Part H 
two projects we won. So, with that, up to Q2 we won 4 projects in TBCB in the 
current year, with an annual tariff of 703 crores, and the NCT cost is 6,393 crores. 
This is up to Q2. Subsequent to that, we won one more project in Phase-IV Part A. 
The NCT cost is something like 4,700 crores, with a tariff of 273 crores. With that, in 

 
Page 3 of 21 
 
the current year we have won projects worth 11,000 crores. This is in addition to 
what we won in the last financial year in Feb-March which was around 9,000 crores, 
11 companies that we won last year. And this year, we won 5. So put together, it’s 
around 16 companies SPVs. May be in another few months we’ll acquire these 1-2 
SPVs also. And, two more bids we have submitted, for which the ERA is to happen.  
− The Major Highlights covers the Leh Ladakh project, where the Cabinet approved the 
Phase-II 13 GW RE project. It is a line from Pang to Kaithal with a cost of 20,700 
crores. It envisages 40% of the financial assistance in the form of grant, and it has a 
timeline of 5 years for completion. And, being a difficult terrain at a high altitude of 
4,700 mts above sea level with sub-zero temperatures, the working conditions there 
are hardly 5-6 months in a year. So, it takes 5 years to complete. So, this is an 
evacuation of 13 GW, but the line is a 5 GW line. So may be, the generators may 
come out with a battery so that the PLF may be little more than the others. So, this is 
one project which is recently cleared by the Cabinet, and we are yet to get the 
formal communication from the government regarding the modalities of how the 
grant would be given to us. Subsequent to that, we will take it up for investment 
approval. But, we have already started the studies of front-end engineering design. It 
envisages in two parts to be done, and the 1st stage study started and then two 
HVDC players have been given the job. They are already undergoing the study. And, 
then we expect that to be completed by March-April, that they should be able to 
give the 1st phase report. Subsequent to that, they will undergo the 2nd phase of 
study, and then we have to take up the bidding. So, this is about the Leh Ladakh 
project.  
− In the Project Execution, yes, we have commissioned one TBCB PowerGrid Bikaner 
transmission and two STATCOMS at Bhadla and Bikaner have been commissioned. 
And, 6 nos. of ICT has been commissioned during this quarter. And, this has added 
3,100 MW capacity, 1 sub-station and 306 ckm of transmission line.  
− About the Capex, the cumulative Capex in the 1st half of the year is 4,246 crores. This 
is against the yearly target of 8,800 we have envisaged this year. And since we have 
won some more companies, this is likely to go up, may be touching five-figures this 
time. So, it should cross 10,000 crores this time. But as of now, up to September, we 
have achieved 4,246. And capitalisation is also almost equal. We have capitalised 
4,000 crores. It was 1,600 crores in Q1, now we have added another 2,400 and then 
it becomes 4,000 crores up to Q2.  
− As far as Operational Performance, yes, we continue to be above 99.75. Now it is 
99.85 for the 1st half year. And the tripping also, compared to the previous half year, 
has come down to 0.16 from 0.20.  
− The standalone performance in Q2, our Revenue has slightly gone up from 11,004 to 
11,206. And, the PAT has also gone from 3,651 to 3,834. Similarly, Income also in the 
consolidated accounts has gone from 11,349 to 11,530, around 200 crores more. 
And even the PAT also grew from 3,650 to 3,781.  

 
Page 4 of 21 
 
− In financial performance for the half year, the Revenue is 22,094 and the PAT 7,377 
compared to the previous half year of 7,417. Similarly, in the consolidated also, 
22,788 is the Income, whereas the PAT is 7,379 compared to the PAT of 7,452 in the 
previous year, because last year we had some one-time income which normally 
directly contribute to the PAT. That is why, the PAT is slightly more of previous half 
year in the consolidated as well as in the standalone.  
− These are some of the figures which are already available in the NSE website. Total 
income in the quarter rose by 2%, and the PAT rose by 5%. Here, you can see that we 
are showing as continuing operations, as well as, discontinuing operations. This 
discontinuing operation signify the telecom services which the Board has decided to 
carve out, and then we have formed a separate SPV, PowerGrid Teleservices, in 
which the telecom operations will be taken up from 1st October, 2023. So, as per the 
requirements of Ind AS, this is to be shown as assets held for sale, and to be shown 
as profit from discontinuing operations separately. This is of course in the 
standalone, but in the consolidated, there is no difference. Since it is in the same 
group, you will not find this line in the consolidated. So, put together, the Profit After 
Tax is 3,834 against 3,651 of the previous quarter, registering a 5% growth in the 
quarter-to-quarter comparison in the standalone.  
− In the consolidated, we are separately showing the telecom consultancy and 
transmission charges separately. Telecom income is 202 crores this quarter, and the 
cumulative half year is 393. Last time also in the investor call, I think, we targeted 
800 crores of transmission income in telecom income. For the current year, 
according to that, we have already reached 393 in the 1st half of the year. And 
consultancy charges is slightly coming down compared to the previous years, 
because we have an NERPSIP scheme for the last 2-3 years, and then we have 
commissioned major elements in that, and then it is slowly coming down. And then, 
we are looking for other business opportunities in the consultancy, so that it will 
slowly again improve. And in the consolidated also, you can see that the Profit After 
Tax is 3,782 against 3,651, registering a 4% growth.  
− These are some of the balance sheet figures where Gross Fixed Assets has crossed 
2.70. It is 2.73 lakh crores in the consolidated, and 2.57 in the standalone. And we 
have a Capital Work-in-Progress of 14,900 crore closely 15,000 crores in the 
consolidated. And, our Debt: Equity is now 58:42. In the last quarter it was 59:41 and 
last year it was 61:39, now slowly it is touching 58:42. Return on Net Worth 
continues to be 8.51% and the Book Value is shown as 93 because we have issued 
bonus shares, so last time it was 114. So, subsequent to the issue of bonus issue, the 
Book Value is showing as 93.22. Otherwise, there is no decline in the book value 
because the company continues to be in the profit only.  
− There are some other key important information which are of interest to you, like 
the Income from Previous Periods and Interest on Differential orders, which 
contributed more in the last quarter, last year, in Q2 as well as last year in Q1, which 
is lesser in this current year. That is why you can see that the profit in last year was 
slightly more in the half year compared to the current half year. That’s because, last 

 
Page 5 of 21 
 
year we had the tariff orders for Raigarh-Pugalur where we had to account the 
income of the previous years. So, that’s why it was more. As regards the equity 
inclusion in TBCB, it has increased from 3,600 last year Q2 to now it is 4,100, 500 
more has been induced in TBCB in the form of equity. Borrowings cost average is 
7.61. The interest rates have slightly hardened. Last quarter we were showing it as 
7.59, subsequent to the increase in the domestic rates. Slightly the average rate has 
gone up, because we have some bonds which are on fixed rates, and then we have 
some floating interest rates, term loans and other foreign loans, because of which it 
is slightly increasing. Of course, most of the interest rates in the RTM are pass-
through.  
− Then, coming to the telecom performance, the Income is 202 crores for the current 
quarter, and we added 36 customers. We have a presence almost in 3,000 locations 
pan India. So now, this business has been transferred to PowerGrid Teleservices 
Limited w.e.f. 1st October, 2023. It is a 100% subsidiary of PowerGrid, and this will be 
taking up the data center business also by the PowerGrid Teleservices, for which we 
gave an approval, the PowerGrid board has given an approval of 713 crores as 
investment approval. We will be setting up one data center in Manesar as a pilot 
project. So, the award is under progress, and then may be in another 12-15 months 
it is expected to get completed. And, we are exploring data centers in other areas 
also.  
− As regards consultancy, the income is 155 crores in the current quarter. We got two 
new international assignments, of course, these are all small assignments at Fiji, one 
is on some consultancy and another is on training and capacity-building for Fiji. And, 
there are new domestic assignments in the form of Bay maintenance. And then, we 
have international businesses, like talks with Kenya. We have submitted our 
proposal to the Kenyan government in association with Africa 50. And then, we are 
in talks with Tanzania, and there is a consultancy works 220 KV line in Sri Lanka. So, 
these are some of the opportunities in international businesses. And one more JV we 
have from Butwal to Gorakhpur with a cost of 693 crores, with a 50-50 JV with NEA.  
− Commercial performance, the realisation has gone up from the last quarter. 92.37 is 
the percentage realisation. We were getting payments due against the LPS Rules of 
2022 notified by MOP. So far we have received 1,383 crores against 2,400. This is the 
monthly instalment that have been converted against the LPS Rules by the six 
discoms which we are receiving regularly. There are some major dues from Tamil 
Nadu, J&K, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh. We expect this to liquidate soon, because 
the dues of Tamil Nadu is mounting as there was an issue in the tariff of Raigarh-
Pugalur which was challenged by them, and recently on 27th October the order has 
been issued by the CERC for making this Raigarh-Pugalur as 50-50 component 
compared to the earlier original component of 30-70. So, we expect the dues of 
Tamil Nadu and Telangana to come down, and there are no alarming dues from J&K 
or Uttar Pradesh.  
− As regards the Work in Hand, it’s around 50,500 crores. Of course, this doesn’t 
include some more projects which we have recently won and taken up. You can add 

 
Page 6 of 21 
 
another 8,000-9,000 crores in that. So, somewhere around 60,000 crores-65,000 
crores will be there as work in hand. Of course, in the new RTM projects which we 
show 24,300, this include Leh Ladakh, for which investment approval is yet to be 
granted, because we are waiting for the formal communication from the 
government. So, once that formal communication is received, we will take it up with 
the board for investment approval. So, out of this 24,300, that accounts to around 
20,700. And then 16,500 and other projects which we are showing, includes around 
13,000 crores as TBCB and 2,800 as smart meters. So, current year Capex guidance is 
8,800, which we projected earlier, against 5,000 as RTM and 3,800 as others. Now 
we see a little upwards in that and it should be somewhere around 10,000 crores.  
− The Business Outlook, the same slide which we have shown in the last quarter also, 
because only this is out of the 2.4 lakh crores which they envisage against the 
investment of 500 GW of RE generation by 2030. So in that, we envisage a portion of 
1,16,500. And intra-state, corresponding, this is only our estimation, like parallel 
investments in intra-state is somewhere around 70-75% on the 2.4 lakh crores we 
assumed, and then we assume that some percentage will be coming through TBCB. 
So that is why on a conservative basis, we are showing it as 37,000 crores. Cross-
border we envisage 10,000 crores. Of course, these are all the targets in the next 9 
years. On international projects like Kenya, Tanzania and other African countries, 
Nepal and other countries, we envisage something like 7,500. Solar generation 1,000 
crores we estimate, because already there is one plant we are setting up in Nagda, 
foundation stone of which was recently laid down and then we have awarded the 
contracts also and we expect it to commission in another, may be by 12 months. It 
has got an 85 MW of solar generation. And, smart metering infrastructure we project 
15,000 crores. This includes the 69 lakh of smart meter contracts which we got from 
the two discoms of the Government of Gujarat. And the data center business we 
project 1,000 crores. Of course, this is a target for 10 years. If we are successful in 
this Manesar, probably this figure has got potential to be in the upward side.  
− This is about the outlay in the next 9 years.  
− Regarding the sustainability aspirations to comply with the ESG guidelines, we had 
an internal target of 50% of our electricity consumption through renewable sources 
by 2025. This is an internal target. Though, we have a target of 2047 as a net zero, 
but we have an internal target to achieve at least 50% by 2025. Net water positive by 
2030, and then zero wastage to landfill by 2030. These are some of the policies that 
have been adapted by PowerGrid and we hope to achieve this.  
− Some of the awards which we got in this quarter is the Certificate of Excellence in 
Learning and Development at SHRM HR Excellence Awards. Dun & Bradstreet PSU 
Award in Power Transmission. We have Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards in 
the learning & development area. So, these are some of the awards we got in this 
quarter.  
− With that, I will just pause and then we can take up any question and answers from 
the investors. Thank you very much.   

 
Page 7 of 21 
 
 
 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− So Nikhil, we’ll open the floor for Q&A. I request the participants to raise hands, 
subsequent to which we’ll unmute your lines and you can actually ask questions. 
Alternatively, you can also type in your questions in the chat box and we can read it 
out for you, and the management can answer thereafter. So, we’ll probably take a 
couple of minutes to assemble the queue. So we have few of them. Moderator, can 
you unmute the line of Mohit so that he can ask his question. Mohit, go ahead. Yes 
Shriya, go ahead. 
− Ms. Shriya – Cogent Capital: 
− This is Shriya from Cogent Capital. I just wanted to understand this Capex target of 
10,000 crores. While you’ve given the breakup of 8,800 crores, could you also give a 
breakup of these 10,000 crores, which you expect to finally achieve? And then, I 
have another question on your international projects, where you mentioned there is 
Kenya and Tanzania as targets. But, we have read reports on the undersea cable 
lines that India is having with some countries, where PowerGrid will play a main role. 
Have you considered that also in your Capex for 2032? And, if you could just give a 
little more details on your data center business that you’re planning. So, these are 
my few questions. Thank you.  
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Regarding data center, I’ll go from that. Data center, yes, we are setting up a data 
center in Manesar as a pilot data center. We will be setting up two floors initially, 
and then depending upon the business, it can be scaled up to six floors. It is a 
hyperscale data center which is being set up in Manesar. This will be taken up by 
PowerGrid Teleservices, which is a 100% subsidiary of PowerGrid.  
− And then, your question on international business. Yes, we are doing with Kenya. We 
have a 40:60 JV with the Africa 50, and then we have submitted our interest to build 
a line in Kenya. It will be a line owned by an SPV formed for that, and then the 
project will be executed by that SPV. And on similar lines, we are in talks with 
Tanzania also to build transmission lines. We will be joining hands with the Africa 50. 
We are in talks with them as to how the modalities of recovery would be, how the 
tariff structure will be for that projects. So, this is about the projects of Tanzania and 
Kenya. As regards this undersea cable, it is in a very preliminary stage. There are 
talks about connecting Oman or connecting Singapore or connecting Maldives, Sri 
Lanka. So, there are some inter-country connections, sea cable projects are 
understudy. As of now, there is no concrete agreement or order from any of the 
countries. We are only undertaking studies about feasibilities and then we are 
studying with similar infrastructure available in other continents, and then we can 
submit a proposal. As far as Sri Lanka is concerned, yes, we were given the job of 

 
Page 8 of 21 
 
preparing the DPR. So, we are in the job of preparing the DPR of the project for 
connectivity from India to Sri Lanka.  
− As regards the Capex of 10,000, you can assume it is 5,000 crores in RTM and then 
3,800 is what we have shown. So, you can assume 50:50, like 5,000 in RTM and 5,000 
crores as TBCB projects.  
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Thank you. We’ll take the next question from Anuj Upadhyay.  
− Mr. Anuj Upadhyay: 
− Sir, slight confusion regarding the Leh project. In the last call, you mentioned the 
total project cost was envisaged as 27,000 crores, of which nearly about 9,000-
10,000 was a grant from the Central Government, which really led to our Capex 
target of around 16,000 crores. Now, this figure of 20,500 odd crores, is this the total 
project cost or is it just a partial cost which has been approved by the Central 
Government on date? And, how much of this will the grant account for?  
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− It was initially 20,700. Probably you would have heard it as 27,000 crores. But this 
20,700 includes the grant of 8,000 crores. As on date, the envisaged project cost is 
20,700 crores, which includes the grant of 8,000 crores As such, our Capex portion 
would be 13,000 crores as on date in that project. So, this 20,700 includes the grant. 
It is not 20,700 plus another 8,000 as a grant.  
− Mr. Anuj Upadhyay: 
− Sure. Thank you, sir.  
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Anuj, are you done, or do you have a follow up? We’ll take the next question from 
Mohit.  
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Good morning sir. I have a few questions. First on the outlays. Speaking about the 
target, the target is based on how much you’ll bid for inter-state and intra-state? Is it 
the right understanding? Secondly, what is the total opportunity size which you think 
till 2032 for inter-state and intra-state?  
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− We have given that. Inter-state as 1,16,500 and intra-state as 37,000. Basically, the 
purpose is like, all inter-states should either come through TBCB or some portion 
may be on nomination basis depending upon the project importance, if any national 
importance or others. May be some few bays in my sub-station, may be through 

 
Page 9 of 21 
 
RTM. We have a visibility of almost about 2.4 lakh crores as to how this will come. As 
far as intra-state is concerned, normally, we consider 80% of this 2.4 lakh crores, and 
in that only, 33% of the opportunity is offered under TBCB. And, with our strike rate 
of 50%, we are assuming it something around 30,000-37,000. So, our Capex as of 
now what we have shown, like 50,000 crores in hand and all, that doesn’t include 
any of this intra-state, because intra-state is supposed to come through bidding or 
may be through a JV route, which they will have to decide. But, as on date, the 
projects which we have in hand, that doesn’t include any of the projects of intra-
state. However, the outlook which we are showing as 1,80,000 crores for the next 9 
years, that includes a portion of 30,000-35,000 of intra-state which we foresee. 
Assuming that some portion will come through TBCB and maintaining a strike rate of 
50%, yes we should be able to bag something like 30,000-35,000.  
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Understood. So you are expecting to win 30% or 50% share in the transmission 
bidding for inter-state, and that’s how you arrive at that number. Is that right?  
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah. The intra-state. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Sir, inter-state. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Normally, it’s not mandatory that they will have to come through bidding. They may 
execute on their own or they may even give it on consultancy, they may form a JV, 
they can give it as an EPC contract. So, there are so many ways of handling the intra-
state projects and it may differ from state to state also. Like, UP has now come up 
with 2-3 projects in TBCB. Some they were executing on their own. In MP we 
executed one, in UP we executed three. May be other states will follow that and 
then we may get. So, that’s why the assumption is on the little conservative side. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Understood.  Sir, my second question was why the bidding activity is slow in H1? Are 
you seeing a strong possibility of culmination of a lot of bids in the H2? And any 
update on the quantum of bids where tenders have been floated already? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No, I see that the beginning is slow. Now, if you see in this, especially this calendar 
year 2023, we have won almost around (9+5)=14 projects we won and if you assume 
this has a 50% strike rate, around 25-26 projects have already been bid out in this 
calendar year itself.  It was slow during COVID like in 2020-2021, there were not 
much projects coming up through bidding, but now that it has picked up and then 

 
Page 10 of 21 
 
we foresee that the bidding to come and even if you see there are so many projects 
which have already been identified and then it was in the BPC websites also which 
for which we will have to submit the bids like already there are around 59,700 crores 
of projects which are under bidding, which covers the Rajasthan, Khavda and others.  
So, I don't see that it's very slow.  Now, it has picked up compared to last two years, 
if you see this current year, 2023 yes, it has picked up. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Understood.  My last question, so when we expect to award Leh Ladakh project and 
when to expect to commence work?  Do you think this will get bid out in FY25?  You 
know you will award it? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− FY25, it's a little tough, yes, but we see that how the feed study of phase one and 
phase two to conclude after that probably when the phase feed two study 
completes, yes we should have a clear cut vision that how the BOQ should be there 
and then even the HVDC players will be very clear that how their equipments will 
perform in that such high altitude sub-zero climatic conditions.  So, it should be may 
be award FY25 in the last quarter we can try in that.  So, we are also targeting in the 
FY25 last quarter or may be in the first quarter of FY26. Your assumption is almost 
matching, yes. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Understood Sir.  Thanks, and all the best. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Sir, if you don't mind, I'll take a couple of questions from the chat box.  So, first one 
is actually from Bharlik Dhar.  His question is what is the total Capex on the 11 TBCB 
projects, one in FY23 plus five TBCB projects, one thus far in FY24?  Second part is 
what is the total equity component of this?  How much equity has been invested so 
far? And then what is the total transmission revenue once these 16 projects are fully 
commercial? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− 11 TBCB projects will be something like 8,500 to 9,000 crores as the Capex and then 
the tariff quoted is 950 crores and for the five TBCB big projects it is something like 
11,000 crores and the tariff quoted will be something like 975 crores, so put 
together, if you see it will be something like 1,800 to 1,900 crores when we 
Commission all these 16 SPVS.  As regards the component, yes, it can be 80:20 or 
90:10 depending upon the requirements we can put the equity. 
 

 
Page 11 of 21 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Very helpful, Sir.  Thank you.  Second part of this question is what is the regulated 
equity of all the RTM projects as of September 23? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Regulated equity, return on equity is 15.5% so. Regulatory equity is easy.  Suppose 
we have predominantly all RTM projects and then it is something like 90%-95% is 
RTM only, so you can assume something like 86,000 crores is my reserves and 
surplus and then you can assume something like 82,000 crores as a regulated equity 
in that. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Sure. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− We don’t have many businesses where we put equity, so we are putting equity only 
in transmission businesses and then consultancy, yes, we don't need to put anything 
and telecom we are not putting, it's not a very major investment we have done.  So, 
whatever is appearing in our reserves and surplus and we have shown like 4,100 as 
the equity infused in TBCB and if you deduct that it is 82,000.  It is arithmetic I'm just 
telling you like figure appearing in my balance sheet is 86 and 4,100 I have shown as 
an equity in TBCB means may be as regulated equity. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Got it.  Very clear, Sir.  The second question from the chat box is from Vipul Kumar. 
So, this relates to the balance 26% stake in four assets you transferred to PowerGrid 
InvIT.  When are you going to transfer, you know the balance 26% stake to InvIT? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Actually, last financial year, only one project completed five years.  That is a Kala 
Amb and the Quantum is hardly something like 20-30 crores and current year so far 
in balance out of three, two projects have completed five years and one more to 
complete by December,2023.  So, I think we can take a call in the fourth quarter and 
we can take a decision of how mutually if we are agreeable, we can transfer the 
balance 26% also.  So, as such since these are all small amount and then hardly this 
involves a stake of hardly 500 to 600 crores, so we thought that yes, we can get the 
valuation done once all the projects gets completed the period of five year. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Got it, Sir.  So, Nikhil will take the question from the audio line.  Can you unmute the 
line for Sarvesh Gupta?  Sarvesh go ahead. 

 
Page 12 of 21 
 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− Yeah, Sir one more question on the previous lines only regarding PowerGrid InvIT.  
So, at the time of IPO, I think you know it was thought that this will be a vehicle for 
PowerGrid to monetize their operational assets and it will free up the resources for 
PowerGrid to probably grow at a faster pace, but what we had seen in the last one 
year has been a complete U-turn in terms of that policy.  So, A - they have not been 
able to get these stakes from you as per the schedule timeline of all these five assets 
and B - there is no visibility whatsoever in terms of the additional assets, which could 
have flowed from PowerGrid either for PowerGrid InvIT specifically or for the world 
at large.  So, Sir then going forward what is the sort of you know, stance of the 
management on these two issues? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No, one is about PG InvIT, yes, I won't be able to comment on them because that is a 
separate listed entity.  Last time, yes, there is an agreement where we can, if we are 
mutually agreeable, we can transfer the balance at 26%.  So, I told you that this is a 
very small amount, which we thought yes, we can see the 4th company also gets 
completed the period of five years and then we can get the valuations done and 
then we can do that.  This is the one thing.  About the other one, these other 
projects, yes, subsequently because of the NMP guidelines, yes, the transfer of 
subsequent assets through the earlier mode is not feasible.  So that is why we have 
adopted the method of securitization of the cash flows and then we were 
monetizing the assets which is as per the NMP guidelines and it complies with the 
NMP guidelines. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− So, going forward you will not be down selling any of your assets to PowerGrid InvIT 
is that the right assumptions Sir? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No, we can't assume like that.  As of now, the NMP guidelines doesn't permit to 
transfer the shares permanently to an SPV, not only PG InvIT to any anyone.  So, this 
is what the NMP guideline says.  So as of now this is the position. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− Yeah.  So, the second question was on the transmission assets.  So, there have been 
a lot of media reports that you know we are seeing a very large pipeline of sort of 
transmission assets coming into play in terms of because you know the old assets 
also need to sort of get into newer ones as they come to 50-60 years sort of a life 
cycle.  So, given that Sir, are we seeing a sort of an extraordinary growth opportunity 
for us in the coming few years or we feel that we will be continuing along the same 
sort of a growth path that we have been doing in the last few years? 

 
Page 13 of 21 
 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− 1,80,000 crores in the next years is a little, I think it's a decent figure.  It should 
normally go up from the present level.  So, there are opportunities that is why we 
have shown in that slide that yes, there are more opportunities and then of course 
this includes only the RE generation related transmission assets in addition to that 
also there may be some assets coming up and from the present level of like 9,000 or 
8,800 in the future years, yes, there are possibilities of the Capex going up.  Like next 
year we have an initial target of 12,200 as of now.  So, this year also when we 
projected 8,800, now we see that it's going a little upside and then we should touch 
at least five digit figures this year and then next year it should be 12,500 as of now 
and of course the HVDC projects are in the cards and then depending upon the 
outcome, the Capex for next year will be formed of may be in another 3-4 months.  
But as you say, yes, there are opportunities in the next few years to higher potential 
Capex. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− And Sir finally on the data center business, so what exactly is our strategy in this 
because there are many big players like Reliance, Adani has also entered this sort of 
a business and then you need some specific capabilities for building the data centers 
as well as for putting it out on rent.  So, what exactly are we planning? Are we 
planning joint partners - JV partners for building it? Or are we planning to rent it out?  
So, do we need some JV or do we have existing tenants who would be occupying 
this?  So, how are we thinking about the data center business? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No, it is like competing with other players only.  As of now we didn't think of joining 
hands with either Reliance or Airtel or somebody.  So, we can also since we feel that 
yes, we have done the communication business for a quite long time last 20 years 
and we feel that yes, we can get ourselves adopted in this one and being a 
government entity, we feel that yes, we may have an edge about some of the 
storage orders, we may get it and then this is the purpose like we can and we have 
like a piece of land in Manesar, so we thought we can utilize this for the setting up of 
data center and not only this one, we can even go in for other private lands also 
where there are the data centers in existence, we can set up and then we can do and 
then as of now there is no plan to join hands with anybody or joining a JV with any of 
the players.  We thought yes, we can - we feel that we have the capability to do that 
on our own.  If required, we can have some consultants to advise on that expert 
advice.  We can take the experts and then we can carry on.  So, this is only a - that's 
why we are setting up one pilot data center.  Depending upon the success, we will 
have a co-location, there also we can have a storage, we can do a space there and 
depending upon the success we can escalate that, we can expand that. 
 

 
Page 14 of 21 
 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− Sir, this is for how many megawatts? 
− Mr. R.K. Tyagi- Director (Operations), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
−  Oh, there's about 10 MW.  Initially, about 8 MW and in second phase it will be 14 
MW. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− So, 1,000 crore is for 22 MW? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− 700 crores.  So, initial investment is 700 crores.  So, 1,000 we have projected of till 
2032.  Once we are successful in that may be this 1000 crores will be going up. 
− Mr. Sarvesh Gupta: 
− Thank you and all the best. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Moderator, can you take Abhijeet Kanan next?  Abhijeet your line is unmuted. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Kanan: 
− Thanks.  This 60,000-crore bidding pipeline that we have, what is the timeline for 
that, Sir? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− You can assume something like 12 to 18 months maximum. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Kanan: 
− And then there will be you know around a two-year execution period for those, 
right? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah, it will be like 24 to 30 months, you can assume.  Something will be at two 
years, something will be at two and half, something may be at three years like HVDC 
will have a little longer period. 
 
 

 
Page 15 of 21 
 
− Mr. Abhijeet Kanan: 
− And just on supply chain, is there some issue around availability of key equipments 
like transformer and all? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah, actually since so many projects are coming up suddenly, so there is a challenge 
in that transformers and other equipments and even the HVDC equipments where 
the RE integration is in full swing in Europe because of that, yes, there are. Issues in 
that, but still we are - if the normally, when the timeline is 18 months and above, 
there are players who can supply the equipment.  This is one part and as far as TBCB 
and most of our contracts are on firm price, we are somewhat insulated from the 
price escalations and as of now wherever the time schedule is above 18 months, we 
don't have any issue of supply chain issue.  This is one part of our transformers, 
otherwise predominantly if you see we have a lot of our structures, conductor, 
insulators, so many parts and then this is one portion. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Kanan: 
− And last one, this apart from the 60,000-crore project which are under bidding for 
next 12-18 months, I mean what could be a new pipeline that could come from the 
next one-year perspective? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah, that will be another 67,000 crores which are to come for bidding, which is 
already approved in the NCT and then another 45,000 crores for which the planning 
needs to happen.  So, this completes this 2.4 lakh crore.  Basically, the transmission 
envisaged in this 500 GW by 2030 envisaged at 2.4 lakh crore in that when the 
including things happened and then the bids which are in the RFP stages if you 
exclude that another 67,000 crores of bidding to come in future and another 45,000 
is in the initial stages. 
− Mr. Abhijeet Kanan: 
− Okay, Sir.  Those were my questions.  Thanks a lot. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Moderator, we will take Koundinya next.  Yeah, his line is unmuted.  Can you go 
ahead, your line is unmuted?  I think there's an issue with this line.  May be we can 
take Anuj Upadhayay. 
 
 

 
Page 16 of 21 
 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− Yeah, hi.  Thanks for the opportunity again.  Sir, could you just mention the 
cumulative equity we have invested till date across the TBCB project and this is 
excluding those five projects which we have already transferred to InvIT? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah.  Yes.  Whatever we have shown like 4,100 crores. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− Is the equity and the revenue and earnings on the same during the quarter? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− The assets which have already been transferred.  May be it has got that – that is 
excluding that five companies because that equity has already been sold. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− No, but for certain projects, we do have 26% still retained, Sir.  So, does this include 
those 26% as well? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− That we are actually showing as assets held for sale, so that is not forming part of 
our PPE as per the standards and there is an intent to sell.  We cannot continue to 
show it as a PPE, so it has to be shown as investments to held for sale. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− Fair point, Sir.  And the revenue and earnings from the same during the quarter?  
From these assets TBCB? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Pardon. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− The revenue and earnings from these TBCB projects for the quarter, if you can share 
the numbers, it would be helpful, Sir? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− For which TBCB? 
 

 
Page 17 of 21 
 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− All TBCB, Sir. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Okay.  That's a standalone and I'm sorry.  We have a half yearly revenue of 1,300 
crores in TBCB and the profit is 413 crores. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− That's helpful, Sir.  Lastly, Sir, you referred about 10,000 odd crores of CapEx target, 
which you are eyeing for the current fiscal, can you provide similar number of target 
for FY25 and also if you can throw some light on the capitalization target which we 
are eyeing for FY24 and 25 as well? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− FY-25, from 10,000 it should be on the higher side only.  As of now, we are projecting 
12,500, but that is the figures as on date, but suppose if we are able to win some 
bigger projects in the like HVDC and all it should be on the little higher side.  
Capitalization, current year we are projecting as 10,000 crores out of which 4,000 we 
have already done.  Next year, we are projecting something like above 15,000, 
something like 17,000 crores we are projecting. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− That's helpful, Sir.  Thank you. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), PowerGrid Corporation of India: 
− This includes the TBCB also. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− Okay.  Definitely, definitely. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− So, I will take you know a couple of questions from the chat box.  The first one is 
actually from Vipul Kumar.  Sorry, I think we've addressed that.  This one is from 
Shashi.  Have you finalized upon the Smart Meter supplier yet?  If not, will it be 
through bidding or otherwise? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No, smart meters? 

 
Page 18 of 21 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− That's right.  So, have you finalized   
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− We have already a tie up with the suppliers.  For the two orders which we got from 
Gujarat, we have a back-to-back tie up with the vendors and then they will be 
executing. 
− Mr. R.K. Tyagi - Director (Operations), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Supply will start by end of December or early January.  Technical parameters have 
been finalized.  Now, these are under manufacturing, by end of December or early 
January, the supply will start. 
− Mr. Anuj Upadhayay: 
− Got Sir.  Thank you. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− The other question is from Shivam Gupta.  Sir, is there any progress on regulated 
equity draft?  I suppose he is referring to the draft tariff regulations by the CERC. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Actually, the approach paper has already come out and then we gave our comments 
and all.  Normally, as per the timelines, yes by November and or December the draft 
regulations are published.  Historically, we see in the last block year also.  So, may be 
next month, we expect the draft to get published. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Yeah.  Thank you.  The other question is from Koundinya.  I guess he couldn't speak 
over the line.  Does the 59,700-crore pipeline include three HVDC projects approved 
in NCT? What is the status of these HVDC projects? That's the first question. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− which is to come for bidding.  59,700. There is only Bhadla-Fatehpur is included.  
Other HVDC's which are to come for bidding, now it has not come.  So, that will be in 
the second one which is like I have told you like 67,000 crores in which it was already 
approved in NCT and to come for bidding in that balance two HVDC’s will come. 
 
 

 
Page 19 of 21 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Okay, got it.  Second part of the question is what is the kind of feedback you're 
getting on CERC towards the tariff control period? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− We don't get any feedback.  We only give the feedback.  We are giving our 
comments on the approach paper. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Sure. I think we'll come back to the Q&A queue.  Can you unmute Line of Swati 
Jhunjhunwala, please?  yeah, Swati go ahead. 
− Ms. Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
− I'm audible? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah. 
− Ms. Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
− Yeah.  Thank you for taking my question.  Most of my questions have been 
answered.  Just one on the surcharge, could you explain the negative 7 crore 
surcharge for this quarter? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− In consolidated we are showing it as -7 as a surcharge.  May be some payments 
would have been regulated like some collections would have happened and then it 
might have been regulated.  That's why it is negative.  We will check it up and then 
revert to you. 
− Ms. Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
− Alright, okay.  Thank you. 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Otherwise, you see that surcharges are coming down because of the regulations in 
place where like after 75th day the regulations happen.  So that is why it has 
improved.  But this negative we will confirm. 
− Ms. Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
− okay.  That's all.  Thank you. 

 
Page 20 of 21 
 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Sir, we have last two questions.  Second last on one is basically from Mohit.  Mohit 
go ahead. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− I am audible?  Yes Sir.  My question is Sir, do you see any issue in executing the 
STATCOM project specially and how many equipment suppliers are there for 
STATCOM as of now in this country who can meet your localization requirement? 
− Mr. Abhay Choudhary - Director (Projects), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− No.  I don't think there has been a major problem in the commissioning of the 
STATCOM because this is a technology which is not very old.  Therefore, the final 
commissioning takes time and we think there are two or three STATCOM suppliers 
still like one is Siemens, other is Hitachi, then other players than Hyosung is also 
there, GE is also trying to come.  So, three or four suppliers are there in the market, 
only this is not a very old technology, that is why the commissioning takes a bit of 
time. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Because I think, our expectation is that STATCOM investment will go up, right.  I 
think there are a lot of numbers of STATCOM put by the CEA NCT, is that 
understanding correct? 
− Mr. Abhay Choudhary - Director (Projects), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah, there because of it provides a very much dynamic compensation because of 
this intermittency in the renewable generation.  Therefore, a lot of STATCOMs have 
to be set up in the view of this 500 GW of target of non-fossil fuels.  So, that 
understanding is very much alright. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− My second question is what the due against Raigarh-Pugalur from the Tamil Nadu 
and Telangana, and how the payments will happen, as we bill the CERC to allow 
them some kind of leeway for the payment or the payment is due immediately? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− It is you see, earlier when the CERC orders came we were billing and then they were 
paying also and in between they have contested in Madras High Court and then it 
was referred to APTEL and then APTEL has set aside the orders and remanded back 
to CERC for reviewing it along with the grid controller and CEA, CTU as well.  So, this 
was and even when we approached the Supreme Court, they have also given a 
timeline of before 31st October it is to be resolved and then on 27th October, CERC 

 
Page 21 of 21 
 
has already issued orders of making it as a 50% as national component and 50% as 
regional component.  In between, they have adjusted whatever the 1,200 crores of 
payment they have made against that.  So, we have again requested them to make 
the payment of whatever the adjustment and Telangana will be paying now.  So, 
they have adjusted around 450 crores which they will be paying now and Tamil Nadu 
also has to pay because we have requested them and the billing of 50:50 will be 
from the 27th October.  That is the date of order of CERC.  As of now, we feel that 
yes, it should see an end. 
− Mr. Mohit: 
− Thank you and all the best. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Thank you.  Sir, we have last question from Sonia.  Can you unmute your line?  
Moderator, can you unmute line of Sonia?  I think, yeah, there seems to be some 
issue with her line.  I think that we are more or less done with the questions.  I 
sincerely thank the management for giving us an opportunity and wonderfully 
explaining you know what is the opportunity ahead of PowerGrid.  On behalf of IIFL, 
thank you very much and wish the entire team, wish your a very Happy Diwali for all 
the participants.  In case any of her questions remain unanswered, do let us know.  
We'll send these to PowerGrid.  Alternatively, you can apply to PowerGrid and they 
will do the needful.  Sir, any last remarks you'd like to make? 
− Mr. G. Ravisankar - Director (Finance), Power Grid Corporation of India: 
− Yeah, we will say that yes, one is Happy Diwali to everyone and then company there 
is no change in the basics and the operational maintenance and the availability 
continue to be above 99.75 and then the lot of CapEx is on the growing side and we 
hope that it crosses at least 15,000 next year.  This is what is our aspiration and then 
a lot of outlook is bright and then you have a lot of projects to come in future years.  
So, this is what we got.  I would like to close and once again wishing you a Happy 
Diwali and Safe Diwali.  And I wish that post-Diwali, we lift the World Cup also.  
Thank you. 
− Mr. Harsh Dole - IIFL (India Infoline Group): 
− Thank you, Sir.  Really appreciate.  Thank you. 
******** 
 
