Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
CIN - L65929TG2003PLC040648 
Galaxy, Wing B, 16th Floor, Plot No.1, Sy No 83/1, Hyderabad Knowledge City,  
TSIIC, Raidurg Panmaktha, Hyderabad – 500081, Telangana 
Ph: +9140-45474750 | contact@spandanasphoorty.com | www.spandanasphoorty.com 
 
 
 
 
Ref: SSFL/Stock Exchange/2023-24/128 
 
Date: December 18, 2023 
 
To 
BSE Limited, 
Department of Corporate Services 
P. J. Towers, 25th Floor, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400001 
To 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
BandraKurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
Scrip Code: 542759 
Symbol: SPANDANA 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Subject: Transcript of conference call held on Monday, December 11, 2023 
 
Ref: letter No. SSFL/Stock Exchange/2023-24/125 dated December 11, 2023 
 
In furtherance to our above-mentioned letter, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call held on 
Monday, December 11, 2023, to discuss Company's outlook, strategy and performance. 
 
The aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at www.spandanasphoorty.com. 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
 
Ramesh Periasamy 
Company Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
Ramesh 
Periasamy
Digitally signed by 
Ramesh Periasamy 
Date: 2023.12.18 17:45:58 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 43 
 
 
 
 
 
“Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
Analyst Day Meet” 
December 11, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SHALABH SAXENA – MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. ASHISH DAMANI – PRESIDENT AND CHIEF 
FINANCIAL OFFICER – SPANDANA SPHOORTY 
FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. AMIT ANAND - CHIEF RISK OFFICER - SPANDANA 
SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. DHARMVIR KUMAR SINGH – CHIEF INFORMATION 
OFFICER - SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. PRASHANT RAI - CHIEF PEOPLE OFFICER - 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMESH PERIASAMY – COMPANY SECRETARY & 
CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER - SPANDANA SPHOORTY 
FINANCIAL LIMITED 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 43 
 
 
MR. SUNAND SAHU – CHIEF INTERNAL AUDITOR - 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. VISHAL SHARMA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER - 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. AJAY GANOTRA – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
NORTH – SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK VARMA - CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
SOUTH - SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MS. SHILPA JAIN - HEAD, FINANCIAL REPORTING – 
SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SHRIRAJ VEDSEN - CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER – 
EAST - SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
MR. SUBHRANGSU CHAKRAVARTY - FINANCE 
CONTROLLER – SPANDANA SPHOORTY FINANCIAL 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUSHANTA TRIPATHY - CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER, 
SECURED LENDING - SPANDANA SPHOORTY 
FINANCIAL LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on December 11, 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 43 
 
Emcee welcomes the guests and hands over to Mr. Shalabh Saxena, MD & CEO, Spandana Sphoorty Financial Ltd. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thank you very much. Good evening. Good evening to all of you. Namaskar. Thank you for 
coming on a Monday. Start of the week, we have invited you here in the evening. So nice to see 
old friends, people who've been supporters of Spandana, the institution, the business and most 
importantly, the way all of you supported over the past six quarters. A big thank you to all of 
you. Thank you very much on behalf of the team. And to my team, Spandana, who have joined 
live, 12,500 people who all have joined us by webcast - a big thank you to all for joining with 
us. Start of the week you have given your 2-3 hours to us, I understand this is very difficult. A 
warm welcome to all of you.  
 
If you look at our journey, and I have a very short presentation. It will take me 20 minutes to 
give you a little background. Sometimes we feel that we have been around for a long time. All 
said and done, we've been around for six quarters now. The Spandana 2.0, the new management 
has been around for six quarters. We've tried doing our best to ensure that we are able to take 
the institution to the next level. 
 
Inherently, this business is a very, very strong businessas the industry is today almost a 4 lakh 
crores industry. This is a people-driven business. If you have the right manpower, the right set 
of people, be rest assured, this business will run. people inconsequential. So, that is the journey 
that we got on to about six quarters back.  
I'll give you a little background. For those who are watching us in the country's 1,520 branches, 12,500 employees and 
obviously, the fantastic audience here. It is very important to give a little background. Because 
there is a context. Some of you have joined us in the journey. Some people have been there from 
the beginning. Strong supporters. And I met a few of them. The entire management team will 
meet after the show is over. But broadly, there was a question. The question was, your team, Has 
been formed. So, who are they? What do they do? And how is it that you run the business? This 
was a broad background. And then we thought, what better place than Mumbai to do it. We 
wanted to do it slightly earlier. But anyway, logistics. Some challenges. But anyway, we are 
here.  
What were the five points? Five broad areas to be focused on when we took over six quarters 
back. When we wrote our agenda - What should we do as a company? In the company, we 
thought first of all and because this is a people-driven execution business, if you have good 
control over execution any business can turn around anytime you want. Obviously, the gestation 
will be there. You will get that time. But focus on the right things. Do the right things. And you 
will get there. You may be one quarter ahead or one quarter behind, it does not matter. But 
execution and how to do the execution - through people, obviously, is very very critical. This is 
a micro-finance business which is an extremely process-driven business. In this, when I say, and 
I mean it in all the nice way, beyond a point in time, you don't have to think much. This is a 
model where you move with the blinkers on, you have to tell your people, you run. So whatever 
you want to think, whatever you want to do from a strategy point of view, whatever you want to 
do from an execution point of view - do it beforehand. And once you have 12,500 people in the 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 43 
 
field. 98%-99% people are in the branch. In our head office, there are hardly 300-350 people out 
of 12,500. Rest all are in the field. Highly empowered set of people. You have to give them that 
empowerment. If there is any decision making in the head office the whole thing goes for a toss. 
So, finalize your strategy, let your people run for the objective, you will get the results.  
There is one more learning. And the reason why I am sharing it with you - this is the first time 
we are getting everybody here on stage. We met you in private. But good to have all of you here 
and we are kind of conversing. One of the things that we have learnt over the years handling 
microfinance business is be it a customer or your employee, the inherent integrity is very strong. 
There is never a question mark in the integrity, there will never be a problem in the intent. If 
there is a problem in the capability, she will come and tell you, “I don't have it today”. 
That is the time when you have to pace your activities and your innings. But otherwise, be it 
your employee or be it a customer, you have to trust them. You have to empower them. You 
have to do all the right things. And most importantly, communicate. You keep talking to them. 
We have 27 lakh customers. 27 lakh customers. 12,500 employees who you have to keep talking 
to day and night across the hierarchy. They should feel that there is someone sitting behind us 
who is watching us. The day he is convinced that there is somebody who is looking after us, 
bosses be rest assured, that is the time when the company will turn around. That is the time when 
they will say that come what may I will work for the company. I will ensure that the goal that 
has to be delivered from a company point of view is delivered. Same is the case with culture. 
What is it that drives them? But within this ecosystem of ours - be it our employees or be it our 
customers, multiple messaging does not work in this. One message at a time. They have 
instructions from our supervisory staff. They do one thing at a time. Dal - roti, simple. If you 
have a buffet, that is the end of it. So you have to be very savvy in terms of pacing your innings 
on what is the priority for you as an organization. Assume that there will be only one task at a 
time. If you give three tasks, nothing will happen. It will be either LIFO or FIFO. It will never 
be all three. So these are the learnings that we have gathered over a period of time. This is what 
we started the journey with.  
This was a running organization with about 6,000 people about six quarters back. The company 
is a 25 year old organization providing microfinance and not a young upstart. You will know 
when you come from outside obviously you have to first get down to the ground. If you walk 
with them together, that also takes two - three quarters, then they understand that yes, they mean 
well. This is not a foreign body which has been imported. And all of us get together to align and 
work towards the goal of the organization.  
Distribution. This is a pure, pure distribution game. Microfinance, 90% rural. With due respect, 
this is the distribution where even the country's Nokia and Samsung do not have a reach. The 
biggest FMCG company reaches there after taking a lot of time. Our team member gets up at 
6.30 in the morning and goes to meet that customer at 7. Whether it is the cold of Meerut, whether 
it is the sun, whether it is a storm or whether it is a cyclone, he will go at the time he has to go. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 43 
 
This is the background. You have to get your distribution right. So there were challenges when 
we took over in distribution, which we will discuss in a bit. But broadly speaking, there is still 
some work to be done. When I say this, the challenge that we had when we came was and every 
distribution needs it, nothing specific to this organization, we had to repair this car. We did not 
have the luxury of sending it into a workshop. We had to repair the car that was running. The 
car has to run, it has to deliver whatever it had to deliver and yet you have to keep the mend 
work on. So this is what you know was the challenge. We are still not done yet. One of the things 
I would request with great humility is that we are not done yet on most of the things that we are 
going to hear today. Some work has been done 60%, some 70%, some 30%, some 80%. Some 
things were non-negotiable, we have done 100%. We have done six quarters and there are 
another six quarters where we took out Vision 25, which will end. And what is next is what I'm 
going to kind of cover here.  
Quality of the portfolio, very, very important. We worked on it. This was the challenge that we 
had when we took over. All of you are aware about the circumstances. Governance and control, 
extremely critical. And most importantly, the last one, which was stakeholder relationships. And 
stakeholder includes everybody - From lenders to regulators to friends like you, everybody. So 
these were the challenges that we had when we took over. Apart from this, the biggest task was 
to make a team. There is no raw material in our business. Our raw material is people. That loan 
officer who gets INR12,000 per month. He gets INR5,000 to INR7,000 in incentives . He runs 
his house for INR17,000 - INR18,000. He survives on INR5,000 wherever he resides and sends 
home INR10,000 - INR12,000. This is the background. This is how we have 12,500 people. I'm 
telling you this because we don't give them crores or lakhs. In this situation, working day and 
night with them will only come when they see sincerity in you as an institution. When they see 
sincerity in you as a leader. When they see that these people mean good for the company. 
Nothing moves like an aligned team. 
You converge on a goal, present it to them and say, let's go together. That is exactly what we 
did. So these were the challenges. Where are we on each of them? Very quickly. People, from a 
manpower point of view, we are sorted. When we started the journey, we sorted everyone in the 
first 2-3 quarters. And you will see. And that's the reason why you have so many chairs here. 
We thought we'll introduce you to the management team. And I'll do that in a bit. Culture is 
something that doesn't happen in the first 5-6 quarters. It takes time. Culture happens when the 
last person is convinced that this is right. We are not there yet. But it is a WIP. But WIP will 
continue. Next 2-3 quarters, 4 quarters. Max. I must add, however, when we started the journey, 
we thought it would take time. We got super support from all our people on the ground. There 
are so many people widely distributed. It is very difficult to meet them. You won't know their 
names. How many names do you know of so many people? But they gave us the benefit of doubt. 
When we used to meet them, we communicated a lot. We were practically on the road. We used 
to meet them and just ask them to give us a chance. All of you sitting here, if you remember, 
privately or even when we interacted, we said, you give us a chance. Whether you do or you 
don't do, it is inconsequential. But just please hear us out. We told our team to give us a chance. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 43 
 
This company has seen a maximum AUM of INR8,000 crores. Give us a chance. This is a golden 
opportunity for the institution to flourish. Culturally, there is still a lot of work to be done. And 
that is the reason why you have that shade of amber in it.  
Distribution, there is a lot of work to be done. And when I say a lot of work to be done, I mean, 
we have also added a lot to the list of work. That we won't do it monthly, we will do it weekly. 
So there is a whole list of things that we have done. Believe you me, whatever we have done is, 
or whatever we think is the right thing to do for the organization, is what we have planned and 
what we are executing. 
So when we say that this is a high-touch business, microfinance is a high-touch business, you 
need to see the customer every week, you need to ensure that the financial health of the customer, 
you are very close to her as an institution. And hence, we want to move from a monthly to a 
weekly. It's a big one. And we are doing it. Temporary inconvenience, but for a better tomorrow. 
We took up all quarter one of last year. We will continue to do all of that. So that after 2-3 quarter 
we can say, now we are done. So the ambers here on the screen become a green. And from a 
green onwards, then you know, we kind of just walk through. Portfolio quality, obviously, it's a 
non-compromisable, non-negotiable thing. 
Governance and control, absolutely zero tolerance. And the last one, relationships. It's a WIP 
forever. My request to all of you is, you've been a great support all along. Some mistake happens 
from us. It is never intentional. It could always be a slip. Please never doubt the intention. We 
are continuously working for the past six quarters to ensure that the relationships, wherever there 
were some ruptures, we kind of made them up. Or we are trying to make them up. 
Vision 2025. So when we started on the 11th of July, when we came out with our quarter four 
results, we presented to all of you. It's a public document on BSE, NSE and on our website. We 
said that, you know, these are the things that we will do. This many things we will do on various 
counts. Be it people, be it technology, be it product, be it process, be it governance. We had put 
out a list of things. 
So it's only fair that when I stand here and give you, you know, what is next, it's important that 
we give you a very, very high level of where are we on the '25 that we had said. So broadly 
speaking, we said till FY '25 end, and I'll not read the entire because once you put up an Excel, 
you know, you will kind of get a good hang of what it is. Exit '25, we will open 1,500 branches. 
As we speak, we have already crossed that number. We are at 1,520 as we speak. By end of 
December, we will be 1,590. And that's the end of it. So our branch opening saga ends here. And 
the reason why we did it was the first year was all about cleanup to the extent that was required 
from a balance sheet point of view. So we have done that.  
All the distribution initiatives was this year, which was year two. Next year is all about how do 
you do the numbers. Because then next year there is no branch to open, no new recruitment to 
do, no new experimentation. And obviously, there is a clearly very well articulated approach on 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 43 
 
which state we are opening, etcetera, etcetera. You know, the seven focus states, we've kind of 
put it out there. 
So we said exit 25, which is six quarters or slightly less than six quarters from now. We will 
reach 40 lakh customer base. As we speak, we are 2.7. We will end this year at about 3.1. Which 
means we would have sourced about 11 lakhs or upwards of 11 lakh customers in this year. 1.1 
million in this year. Next year to meet the 4 million, even if we do almost the same and I do a 
net off, we should be upwards of the 4 million. So we are there. We are good on that. 
Microfinance AUM, we said 15,000. Quarter 2 result came, 9,784. 
Very happy to inform all of you, 27, 28th of November, we as an institution have crossed 10,000 
crores. So that part also is done. So we are on track. We will end this year at 12,000 crores. Then 
we have 3,000 crores to hit the 15,000 crores for the next year. Full four quarter there, we are 
reasonably confident, you know, we are there or we'll get to that. 
The other things are already there. Be it NIM’s or cost, there's no change. We are there either, 
you know, except for the ROE, where we are lagging a bit. I think, you know, all the numbers, 
we are either ahead of the plan or we are on track. So that much I wanted to kind of just put it 
out and, you know, kind of present it to you. When we presented plan for '25 actually time flies, 
6 quarters went so fast, we ourselves don't realize, 1.5 years passed since then. 1.5 year remains 
for FY '25, and many people asked, what is ahead? What do you want to be? 
And there are various options which kind of get articulated. We want to say this with great 
emphasis that our belief in this business, which is the microfinance business and the two new 
businesses that we have started, is immense. We believe that the company can still, for the 
opportunity that the country offers, there is a lot that we can do. 
And hence, presenting to you ladies and gentlemen, '28 by '28, which is by FY '28, we will do a 
INR28,000 crores AUM by FY '28, which is approximately 20% CAGR growth, which given 
the fact that the industry is slated to grow about 21%-22%, I think you know, this is a decent 
number to target. It is not over the top. At the same time, it is not under-balling yourself. As an 
institution, we feel that we are comfortable doing this number. We have our own core 
philosophies which you will hear the team when they come here. You know, here you will see 
how we do business, how we think we should be doing this business. That's very important. And 
that's what it is. 
Once again, I don't want to go line by line on the numbers, but broadly this is in line with what 
we have been saying. It is an extrapolation, but we think that these are doable numbers, where 
we will be comfortable. We will ensure and there are things that we need to do. Still, as I said, 
but these are the broad post, you know, and we will start working on it. We are still six quarters 
away, but I think another two quarters from now, we will actually, while we have a very detailed 
plan, but a granular plan at a ground level, we will be able to share after two quarters.  

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 43 
 
One of the things I have been speaking about is on the people and the culture. One of the things 
that binds all of us together is obviously, and every organization or most of the organizations 
have it, which is the mission and vision. This is what we just unveiled to our set of people and 
our CPO, Chief People Officer, Mr. Prashant Rai, when he comes here, he'll kind of get into the 
details, but broadly, these are the missions and vision that we think, you know, are apt for us as 
an organization to progress. We'll work on this. We've already started cascading it to a set of 
people. And this is the direction that we will take over the next four years. What are the key 
focus areas? I'll just repeat myself. People and culture, we'll continue to work on them. Portfolio 
quality, and we have to build a lot on the efficiencies. We have a lot of work to do in that. Which 
we have already started working. We've started working, but still there is a long way to go. It 
will take a lot of time. Governance and control does not change at all. We want to make this 
company a system and process driven company. People become incidental. And that is what, 
you know, we are kind of aiming to. Technology, top of the line, you will hear the team when 
you hear them.  
What are the challenges? My last slide. Challenges like when you run a business of this scale, 
obviously there are challenges which are controllable challenges. Challenges which are not in 
your control. COVID was not in our control. A specific disruption in a state will never be in our 
control. What keeps us awake is the fact, the singular most which I have been stressing all along 
is people. We have been lucky to get the best talent in the industry. I say this with great degree 
of responsibility. Both here and in the field. We have to hold on to them. We have to retain them. 
We have to ensure that we don't really lose them. That's the biggest challenge 1 to 10. Other 
challenges we'll meet. You know, you'll have some disruption here and there. We'll kind of 
manage all of that. This is something that all of us are aligned to ensure. There's a very often 
discussion which keeps happening in the board where the board members also ask. What is the 
biggest challenge? How will you manage your people? If you are able to manage your people 
you will be sorted. 
I'll end here. Thank you for patiently listening slightly over time. Thank you for listening. My 
friends out there - Thank you very much for listening to me. 28 by 28 is what we are targeting. 
Thank you for your support. Thank you for patiently listening to me. Thank you very much.  
Now, what I’ll do is, we'll have the management team walk in. So the way we kind of structured 
is instead of making individual presentations in a in the next max 90 minutes. We will have all 
of them right now here and we'll discuss - what is the core principle of how do we do business? 
And business includes everything from people to how do you retain people to what is the tech 
stack to, what are the risks in the business, How do we think. It will give you a very high level 
flavor. And after that, we'll have a question and answer session post which then we'll disperse 
for regular dinner and cocktails. 
So thank you very much. I invite now Ashish Damani on the stage. Please Ashish is the CFO. 
Please give a big round of applause to Ashish. So sequentially speaking Ashish, Amit Anand. 
Amit Anand is the Chief Risk Officer. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 43 
 
This is Ashish, Amit, Dharmvir -- Dharmvir is our Chief Information Officer.  
Prashant Rai. He is our Chief People Officer. He just joined us, finished eight months.  
Ramesh Periasamy, the oldest in the group. There he is. Chief Compliance Officer and Company 
Secretary.  
Sunand Sahu is our Chief Internal Auditor. Please give a big round of applause to Sunand.  
Vishal Sharma, the Chief Operating Officer. He heads the distribution. 
Ajay Ganotra, the Chief Business Officer for North. He looks after the entire distribution of 
North.  
Deepak Verma. Chief Business Officer for South.  
Shilpa Jain. She heads the financial reporting.  
Shriraj Vedsen. He is the CBO for East.  
Subhrangsu Chakravarty. Financial Controller.  
And Sushanta Tripathy. He heads the new business for us, which is both NANO Enterprise 
Loans and Loan Against Property. 
All of them have been our veterans of the industry. Just to start, Subhrangsu. Subhrangsu's last 
organization was ASA International. Subhrangsu. Ramesh Periasamy has been around for quite 
some time. Ramesh's last organization was Embassy. Prashant Rai, CPO. His last organization 
was Arohan Financials. Sushanta Tripathy's last organization was Bharat Financial. Deepak 
Verma, Bharat Financial. Shilpa Jain, Bharat Financial. Vishal Sharma, Bharat Financial. 
I'll just jumble up the order. Ashish, obviously, Bharat Financial. Amit Anand comes from 
Shinhan Bank and prior to that he was with Bank of India. Ajay Ganotra was the head of Bharat 
Financial for the Northern region. He joins us. Sunand joins us from Vistaar. Dharamvir's last 
organization was -- he was with Hero Fincorp and Home First. Shriraj comes from Bharat 
Financials. So here is the whole team. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for the patience. For patiently hearing out, I would request you 
to take seats. I'll request Ashish to moderate this session. We'll take you through how we do the 
business. And then, obviously, we'll break it up after that for questions and answers. Thank you 
very much. 
Ashish Damani: 
Thank you Shalabh. Thanks for the prelude and setting up the context for the evening's 
discussion. To start with, thank you all of you for taking out time. We welcome you all for this 
discussion. Today's discussion, we would like to take you through our journey so far, with some 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 43 
 
of the aspects Shalabh has already, you know, touched upon. But also give you insights in terms 
of how we are going to do business in Vision 28 by 28. 
We have, you know, segregated the discussion into five sections, themes or areas. For the sake 
of ease, I will actually put them in five Ps for my benefit. So first one, distribution. I would call 
it as Portfolio. Second is risk, which is Protection in my mind. Third is, you know, our Partners 
through whom we have been raising liabilities. Fourth being, you know, Productivity. We would 
like to drive the productivity through the use of technology. And last being, you know, the 
People's Practice. 
The idea is to have the discussion on each of this and give you a flavor of what we have been 
doing and what is in store as we go along in next few years. So I'll jump straight away without 
further delay into the first P or the distribution piece. We have been very vocal as a management 
that we like JLG, we like weekly and we like to, you know, have our growth driven by customer 
acquisition. 
Shalabh talked about that we would like to hit 6.2 million borrowers by FY '28. Now this is a 
tall order. I know we are doubling our customer base in next four years. But, you know, we have 
planned it really well. And we do have confidence that, you know, we'll meet these numbers 
with ease. So to talk more about this, I would request our captain, Mr. Sharma, not Rohit Sharma, 
Mr. Vishal Sharma to, you know, take us through the next four years of… 
Vishal Sharma: 
Yes. Thanks Ashish. Thanks. So good evening everyone. Thanks for joining in today. I am 
Vishal Sharma, part of the business here at Spandana. You heard Shalabh talk about our Vision 
'25, the roadmap which was laid last year, July. And how we are executing for the last six 
quarters. Lots of challenges, but that's the way microfinance business is. 
All I can say is that we are well poised as a business to deliver not just on the Vision '25 roadmap, 
but the roadmap beyond '25 to '28 as well. So what I'll do is in this theme, I have my colleagues 
as well. And we'll talk about what are the core philosophies we have in distribution. And what 
do we believe in as a management team and down to the eight layers we have at the branch level. 
How do we communicate with them? What are the philosophies? 
And how do we manage the distribution? But before I get there, we'll start with a small video. 
This video is about how our loan officer or the branch manager, the branch staff essentially, 
which is the most critical piece in our business. How do they spend their time on a typical day? 
Starting from sourcing a customer, wherein they do a village survey, how do they organize center 
meetings and all the way to disbursements. Can we have the video please? 
[Video] 
Vishal Sharma: 
Thank you. So these are the topics we'll cover in the distribution theme including me and my 
colleagues. But if we talk about our core philosophy, there are four top priorities which we have. 
The first one being customer acquisition led growth strategy. This is what we had envisioned 
when our Vision '25 roadmap was charted last July which Shalabh talked about. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 43 
 
This as customer acquisition led growth is the fuel for growth for our business. Coming from 
the seven identified states, the growth states which we call them. We acquired this year first half, 
we acquired about 7 lakh customers taking our customer count from about 23 lakhs in March to 
about 27 lakhs when we ended the last quarter. Very critical. It continues to be 50% of our 
business gets contributed by our new customer acquisition. The balance 50% is from our pre-
approved, our existing customer base. 
I believe that this will continue to give us the momentum and the growth for another two years 
and directionally by about '26, '27 financial year. We should be looking at about 35% odd 
contribution from new customer addition and the balance will come from our existing base. 
 
The second core philosophy which we have is lend short. And when I say lend short, this is about 
microfinance business. The maximum tenor we give is 24 months in a monthly mode. As we 
transition from monthly to weekly, there we give about a maximum loan of about 75 weeks 
which will further and as we build that weekly business, the transition is underway. And as we 
build our business, automatically the tenors will continue to come down. The point here is that 
in microfinance business, what we strongly believe is that you lend short, you lend for a shorter 
tenor, don't lend for a longer tenor but keep meeting the demands of the customer. So that's our 
philosophy.  
The third is muted ticket sizes. We lend a maximum of INR80,000. So we're not in the ticket 
size. Let me put it this way, not in the ticket size game. What we look at it is, as I said on earlier 
point, if a customer needs money, needs emergency fund, we should be there. And that's how 
we strongly believe and one other point which kind of talks about the weekly, why we should 
have a weekly model, wherein we are at the top of the mind recall for our borrower. The loan 
officer is meeting the customer regularly. If the customer needs a top up, we can always give a 
top up kind of a loan, emergency kind of a loan at a shorter tenor. 
 
The fourth point is indebtedness. So when I talk about ticket sizes, we don't look at ticket sizes 
because we lend a maximum of INR80,000. Indebtedness is the key. We are at about INR36,000 
on an average for our 27 lakh borrowers, which is probably 85%, 90% of where the industry is. 
So indebtedness is the key rather than the ticket sizes.  
Moving on, the scale up productivity and efficiency. We opened about 573 branches this year, 
of which we have today now about 400 branches which are weekly mode. So about 33% of our 
business is weekly. We are, as Shalabh also mentioned, we are a rural focused business. 90% of 
our business is rural. We continue to build on that. We had identified, I talked about the seven 
states. We continue to build on those seven states, acquiring customers in absolute rural focus. 
 
The second important one is the JLG and the 5x5x5 metric. I'll explain that in the next 30 
seconds. As a team, we strongly believe in microfinance business, a joint liability group model 
is the only way forward to make sure your risks, your control is there, and the productivity and 
the efficiencies on the other side are also maintained. When I talk about a 5x5x5 metric, I'm 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 43 
 
talking about there are five members in a group, five groups in a center, and five centers, 
typically a loan officer manages in a day. 
This is the North Star for us. We're not there. There are challenges on the ground. Our center 
sizes today are smaller, but that's what we have to take on from here, increase the center sizes, 
the group sizes, and make sure the caseload per loan officer increases. That's the efficiency bit 
which we need to work on. That's the distribution gap which we have today, but I'm pretty sure 
if you look at last year, first quarter, in fact, the Q1 of FY'24, we were at about 317 caseload per 
loan officer, which is a very important efficiency metric. 
 
Today, after two quarters, we are at about 343 kinds of a number, we'll be ending this year at a 
target of about 360 to 365. The other is growth geographies. I've already talked about it. Seven 
states is what we had earmarked, enough white spaces predominantly, more customer acquisition 
there. We already have opened our branches, which were the Vision '25 target, so that we have 
a clear runway for the next 12 months, for the next entire five quarters, starting January calendar 
year. The next five quarters, we just build on productivity and the efficiencies from here on. 
 
So that's on the productivity, scale up, and efficiencies part. The other part is the standardizing 
of processes. I have my colleague Ajay, he is the CBO for North, who will talk about the 
standardizing of processes, which is another key component for our business. 
Ajay Ganotra: 
Thanks, Vishal. Good evening, everyone. I would like to talk about our ongoing effort towards 
process standardization. As my colleague talked about the core philosophy in the distribution, 
which we are driving ever since we have joined, are as follows. Strong belief in the JLG model. 
Number two, muted ticket sizes, lend shorter tenure, and weekly repayment. Let me start with 
JLG. 
 
To reinforce borrower discipline and enhance efficiency, we are focusing on JLG. JLG is a 
strong culture of the microfinance, as you are all aware of that. Due to COVID, few of our 
lenders have started individual lending platform. Why? Because COVID has disturbed the entire 
business. And they were moving away from the JLG platform. We are as an organization 
strongly believer of the JLG. The elements of JLG such as weekly center meetings, conducting 
center meeting on time, and as Vishal mentioned, 5x5x5 is the core of this JLG model. 
Presently, we operate with two sets of branches, monthly and weekly. Since January 2023, we 
have successfully opened 400 branches, and all are on weekly schedule. Our plan is to move our 
existing branch into weekly by the end of financial year 2025. We believe in input management. 
We are focusing on input management. Our belief is if input management is done in a 
standardized manner, rest everything will be taken care of. Input management is an effective 
sales management tool. I will explain. 
Focus on center and group size efficiency. Focus on meeting every day 80 to 100 customers 
Monday to Friday. This is our core JLG. Our supervisory layers, branch manager above, are 
actively monitoring center meetings to uphold quality and sustainable business. We conduct 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 43 
 
LUC after every loan disbursement, means loan utilization check to ensure members utilize our 
loan amount for the correct purpose. 
 
A dedicated product and organizational excellence team consistently fine-tunes our processes 
for optimal results. With this, I would request Sushanta Tripathi to throw some light on our two 
new products other than microfinance. Over to you, sir. 
Sushanta Tripathy: 
Thank you, Ajay. Thank you very much. And good evening, everyone. Welcome to Spandana 
2.0. As we speak here, microfinance is our core business. And we are progressing a lot in 
achieving our Vision 2025 goal in microfinance. At the same time, we are diversifying our 
product portfolio to meet the needs of aspirational India. Because this is again in line with our 
Vision 2025 that we envisaged six quarters back. 
 
Wherein we said we will be diversifying our portfolio. So in this direction, what we have done 
in the last, recently last six months only, we have rolled out two new products from scratch. One 
is Loan Against Property, which is a secured loan. And the second one is the Nano Enterprise 
Loan, which is a loan to retailers, shopkeepers, and kirana stores. These two new products are 
very different than microfinance. We know from day one that microfinance is done in a different 
way. These are the different sets of customers, different segments, and all together. That's why 
we have created dedicated branches for this kind of customer. Separate branches, separate 
manpower, the sales team, the credit team, and the operation team, entirely segregated. And 
these two products are housed within our subsidiary, Criss Financial Ltd. 
To talk a little more about this Loan Against Property, what we are trying to do, we are trying 
to give small tickets secured loans. We have just started, that's why the ticket size is INR4 to 
INR5 lakh average ticket size. Generally, there are chances of migrating the microfinance 
customer to this Loan Against Property, but that's not the design. That's not the construct. 
Accidentally, if some microfinance customer wishes to take a secure loan, that's okay. 
 
So the customer segment is different, people are different, and the branches are different. When 
you talk about Nano Enterprise Loan, that's the retailer loan that we have launched. INR50,000 
to INR1.5 lakh in the semi-urban area. That is also giving good results. So these two products, 
what we have done, because we have started from scratch, we have invested a lot of time and 
energy and resources in building the technology. Because we understood from the market that 
this is nothing new in the market. 
 
There are many players we are operating. What was missing, we understood that we should have 
a robust technology solution which gives end-to-end digital journey. We call it Phygital digital 
journey. Why because in a customer journey, there are three aspects. One is you source a 
customer, and that has to be physical only, because the staff has to meet the customer, make 
them understand the product, proposition everything. And there is an on-boarding process, that 
should be completely digital. Then only you will get a better customer experience. And the 
servicing part, that is also digital. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 43 
 
 
So, our processes are phygital and we continue to do that. So the last six months have been a 
very good experience, I would say. Initially, we found it very tough, because the last 30 years, 
three decades, we have been doing microfinance, now suddenly moved to two different 
segments. So with these challenges, there is learning as well. Where to open a branch, where not 
to open a branch, which state to go to, all these things we have sorted. 
 
So 20 branches currently, by the end of this financial year we will be having 50 branches. By 
the end of the next financial year, we will be having 200 branches in these particular two 
businesses. And we are confident that these two products put together we will be taking to 
INR3,000 crores to INR3,500 crores by FY 2028. It's an ambitious plan. It's not that, we are not 
planning in a very, very granular manner, because the market has been understood. 
Though we plan to grow organically, there are opportunities in the market where we will explore. 
If time comes, then we can go for inorganic growth also. That's also one of the factors. And 
again, because these are housed within CFL, there will be a kind of capital requirement in the 
course of time, that also we are prepared for. So distribution as such, microfinance and non-
microfinance we are very, very comfortably placed and to take the journey from this level to 
INR28,000 crores by FY 2028. 
During this period, last six quarters, what we have done, we have seen is there is a big amount 
of cultural shift that has happened. We have become more of a data driven company and to talk 
more about data and how we use the data in the business, I would like to invite Dharmvir to talk 
about that. 
Dharmvir Singh: 
Thank you, Sushanta. So, I feel we have started practicing the data-driven culture at our 
organization level. So if we look at, data is becoming the new fuel to propel the growth of any 
organization. Every day as we are growing, the data is also growing day by day. How we are 
leveraging those data to take effective and strategic decisions to fuel our business growth is most 
important. 
We have more than 12,000 people getting more than 90-plus automated reports on a daily basis. 
Every second we process a loan in business hours. So if you look at the kind of data and 
transaction processing we are happening every day, then it's humongous. So how we are 
leveraging those data is very, very important for us. For those data driving slicing and dicing, 
taking a strategic decision, taking the data view at different angles, we use Power BI, which is a 
Microsoft product. On top of this, we have a data lake which is essentially used for reporting. 
On top of this, we have every user persona-based reporting. 
So each individual, workgroup-wise, we've keep reporting each and every data that makes their 
life easier on a day-to-day basis. We have strong data inhouse engineering team as well which 
keeps drawing data engineering and give us a best recommendation out of their analysis. Starting 
from branch selection till loan approval, loan onboarding, and final disbursement. Everywhere 
the data is involved. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 43 
 
 
How we underwrite a loan is through a scorecard-based rule engine which itself takes care of all 
set of parameters like FOIR norms, household income, applied loan amount, what is the eligible 
loan amount everything taken care by rule engine we have. Next level for this is to automate this 
rule engine which we will talk about in subsequent slides. So with this, I would like to hand... 
Ashish Damani: 
Thanks, Dharam. I think if I have to summarize this entire thought process in one phrase, it 
would be, in God we trust, for everything else there is data. Thanks to Shalabh, who has made 
this as our second nature at Spandana. We talk data, we eat data and sleep data. I'll move to the 
next P - protection. See we have-- we as an organization have been committed and guided also 
that our portfolio quality while we are growing this book will remain, the credit cost will remain 
under 2%. And this confidence stems from the robust risk framework that we have laid. 
We have put a lot of controls. We have thought about this business. Thankfully we have a lot of 
experience within our team who has done this in the past and basis that, this is how we will go 
about doing, 28-by-28 vision. I will request our CRO Amit to throw some light on what is that 
we are doing in the risk management from here on. 
Amit Anand: 
Thanks, Ashish. Namaskar and welcome. Good evening to everyone. At Spandana, our model 
of microfinance itself has a risk management built in it. Because there are many models of 
microfinance and ours is the JLG, which we kept hearing for some time. That is Joint Liability 
Group. Because it's an unsecured business, JLG works as a protection, as a social protection 
where the chances of a default becomes lower. So that is one risk management tool that is built 
in the system in the model itself. 
Now since JLG is at the soul of what we function into, so monitoring how the JLG is functioning, 
the quality of JLG is a core risk management function because it can give us an early warning 
signal to act upon. So there is an AV which we will play and here we show how our loan officer 
goes to the center and do the center meeting with the group. And by monitoring all these 
activities through geotagging and dedicated mobile applications, we track the timing and quality,  
duration of the meeting which gives us insight whether there is any issue or any early warning 
signal on the group functioning. So there is one small AV on that. 
[Video] 
Amit Anand: 
So actually, our CEO Shalabh says that microfinance is not an asset management activity but a 
risk management activity. And in true since we are following that and since we started six quarter 
back we started putting up a robust governance and risk compliance framework and we are in to 
process of making it and enforcing it with major enterprise-wide risk management frameworks. 
But these are the four major areas that we are covering in the risk management team. 
 
So the first one is on the risk diversification piece. Here, as a business, credit risk is very lower 
in the entire BFSI segment. We all know that in microfinance the credit risk is actually one of 
the lowest in the entire banking and financial sector. What are the risks actually at in present for 
us are mainly the concentration risks which we address with a simple principle that we keep on 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 43 
 
hearing is don't put all your eggs in one basket. So this is that and we follow it mainly through 
the geographical diversification as well as the product diversification strategies that we have. 
 
And you can see that when we started six quarters back our concentration is top three states were 
somewhere around 48% which went down to 44% till last quarter and we are planning to bring 
it down to around 36% by the exit of '25. Similarly, on the product diversification space, we are 
now diversifying our products as Sushant has said earlier, due to LAP and Nano enterprise loan 
products. So this we are trying to diversify to another 10% to 15% of our book by FY'28. And 
this gives us an opportunity to do a diversification of our customer segment also. 
So these are three major areas, two major areas. And then as Vishal also said earlier that, our 
exposure sizing is another risk management practice that we follow. And as we have an optimum 
exposure sizing which is very low compared to the peers. In fact, we maxed it at 80, around 
80,000 which is around 35% to 40% lower than some of our peers. And then the tenor is also on 
a lower spectrum which keeps us tracking and evaluating the customers. And then as the 
confidence grows, we take more exposure on them. So these are the major risk initiatives. 
And then as Dharmvir said that technology and data analytics is the major tool that we take for 
risk decisioning. To give more color on this, I'll request Deepak to just... 
Deepak Varma: 
Thank you, Amit. Good evening all. Risk as such in microfinance, I mean mostly everybody is 
aware of the way microfinance operations happens. For us, the core of managing risk is the JLG 
model. That's why there are other organizations who are kind of branching out, towards 
individual exposures within that microfinance frame. But we believe it's a lifeline. It's the first 
line of defense for us. You can't move foundation and build a building. And as far as we are 
concerned, we are building a skyscraper here. 
 
So JLG being the core of risk, but there are a lot of ways to actually strengthen that JLG model. 
One of them is where do you open the branch? Is the location good enough? Or is the client base 
or the exposure that we're looking at, is that good enough for us to expand there? So our risk, 
the risk in Spandana starts even before we, open the branch. We, of course, while opening the 
branch, we have our own strategy note, which locations we want to enter, but which districts, 
which village, which pin codes we want to enter into. 
 
We have our ear on the ground because that's the best way to get the knowledge considering it 
is an extremely diverse market across India. However, we make sure that once we have this field 
knowledge of which pin codes are lucrative enough for us to open up, then we have our own risk 
frame, our risk scoring matrix through which we take, the portfolio there, the type it is behaving, 
the average indebtedness of a client, how many lenders are present there, because all these 
aspects can actually, affect the risk criteria in that particular geography. 
 
Once this is done, then only we even think about opening a branch. In fact, Ajay in the beginning 
was mentioning about, we have opened 400 branches. All 400 branches in this last six quarter 
or any of the larger branch being split, each one of them has gone through this model. So we are 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 43 
 
sure that when we are opening a branch, even before we are opening a branch, we know what 
we will do there and how it will behave, at least without, having some unforeseen events taking 
place. So we start with opening a branch, then we come to how do you approve a loan. I mean, 
of course, you know now which clients you want to go to, but what exposure do you give it? 
 
Microfinance generally has worked over, more from an experience-based lending approval. We, 
in the last six quarter itself, have moved more to a, a rule-based engine. So we have data which 
kind of throws out which type of clients and which kind of exposure we want to get into. 
However, going forward with the vision of 28 by 28, we really want to move to a, and we are in 
the process of moving to a more scorecard-based lending. So, that we have much more controls 
on which type of clients we are going to, source and which kind of product we want to penetrate 
the market with. 
Then comes, while, portfolio stress is not a problem as of now for us. I mean, numbers are 
showing that every quarter. However, when you are looking at five-or six-years kind of horizon, 
you also need to have, plans for any eventuality which comes. And this industry is a bit dynamic. 
We've seen that in the last four years, there are multiple facets which can actually impact. Hence, 
already we have gotten to a process of doing a data-based collection approach. While we have 
our own teams, however, which clients to go into, when did they last pay, which other companies 
they are paying to. So there are various data cuts which are already being used to ensure that our 
resources are, directed well and they get optimum results out of it. 
But what we are keen on, what we are keen on is to move into a propensity model kind of 
initiative, a model tool to actually, augment our collection strategy. We want to really understand 
before, the client goes into stress or a center meeting goes into stress. We want to understand 
various parameters of a JLG of attendance, the average indebtedness, the size, how many loans 
are already there. All these, the model will actually throw out and we'll have an early warning 
signal even before we get into a stress. So that we have this option of going to the client and 
actually containing the problem even before it might pop up. 
So the risk in Spandana 2.0 starts before the branch and we already are envisaging something 
which might, while it has not happened, which might happen, maybe sometime in the future 
which cannot be predicted. However, all this to happen, data is good to have but what do you do 
with the data? So there has to be a clear monitoring system along with that data to actually make 
it a bit fruitful and now to talk on that monitoring pattern, I would request Shriraj to actually 
throw some light on it. 
Ashish Damani: 
Thank you, Deepak. Sorry Shriraj, before you start, if you can just try to, concise our points in 
the interest of time. Yes. 
Shriraj Vedsen: 
Yes. Thank you. So good evening, all. When we talk about risks, so it is very important to 
understand, which are the main risks which our field operation is trying to mitigate so that we 
are adopting the best practices in the industry. The first and biggest risk which microfinance 
faces is the risk of loan misutilization. Let me explain this a little bit. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 43 
 
So loan misutilization is what happens when the member utilizes the money which he has taken, 
not for income generation but for personal consumption. Right? We are all clear about it that 
microfinance loans are not personal loans. She is supposed to buy an asset with that money and 
she is supposed to use it for income generating purposes. It could be cattle, it could be stock, it 
could be a machine for sewing or embroidery or whatever. 
So to avoid this, we have a system of LUC which is loan utilization checks. What we are in the 
process of mandating is that for every new member for the first cycle loan, we are mandating 
that after a certain defined period, say 10 days to 45 days, the person who has given the loan has 
to go and actually physically check the asset. Right? And to do a double check, we have 
mandated the supervisors to do random checking. So this is called loan utilization check. This is 
one way in which we are checking that the loans are not misutilized because this could lead to 
indebtedness. 
The second thing which kind of COVID brought to the forefront is the fact that these members 
are not very easily locatable. So when COVID-19 happened and social distancing norms kicked 
in, we found that finding out the houses of these members in low-income areas, semi-urban, 
rural areas is very difficult because the person who has actually given the loan is a transferable 
employee. His job involves job rotation. So fortunately, in the age of technology and 5G, we 
have got a very neat workaround. We do the geotagging. 
At the time of giving the loan, the borrower's house is geotagged. The centers are also geotagged 
so that we are within the geofence of 25 kilometers, which is our serviceable range. And we 
have an app on the LO's mobile, the Loan Officer's mobile, by which we are able to track whether 
the center meetings are happening on time and for the correct duration. So this kind of closes the 
loop. We are in complete control of the geographical aspects of our business. 
The third thing which we are kind of monitoring is that the center meetings are happening on 
time. Now the center meetings are the cornerstone of JLG. It is a very templated affair with 
protocol involved in which the way, like even if I am not sitting in the meeting, I will have to 
address the member in a certain way, we greet the people, we sit on the ground only, you are not 
allowed to take calls. So we do it in a very templated, ceremonial kind of manner and to check 
whether this is happening in the correct manner. 
Again, it is mandated for the supervisor to have random checks. Everybody who goes to the 
branch does a random check whether the center meetings are happening in the correct manner. 
This is done to drive attendance, which currently is at around 80%, which is quite on the better 
end of the industry standards. 
The last thing which I would like to mention is that we also have a document checklist. So if 
anybody visits the branch, even if I would visit the branch, I would ask for the attendance 
register, the complaints register, the cash deposit slips and stuff like that. So we have a 
completely templated list so that the branches are audit ready at any point of time. To talk further 
about audit, I would like to hand it over to Sunand. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 43 
 
Sunand Sahu: 
Thanks Shriraj. Good evening everyone. I would like to add one more point what Shriraj said. 
On the geotagging of the centres and the borrowers, it is more helpful for us when we visit the 
borrowers. And this will help us going on our own rather than relying on a Loan Officer. Now, 
on the microfinance industry, since it is important on the processes and controls, it has been a 
culture of Spandana that the processes and controls are adhered to. 
However, in the last six quarters, what we have done is we have strengthened the processes and 
controls of the field level. And how do we do this to ensure this? We have 170 specialised teams 
at the field level who visit branches on a quarterly basis to check these processes and controls, 
whether these processes and controls are working efficiently or not. 
The key issues that we identify, that is again discussed with the respective stakeholders at the 
field level as well as at the head office level to address these key issues and mitigate the control 
gaps. Multi-layer of supervisory monitoring is also done at the field level. Whatever is identified 
at the field level is discussed with the respective stakeholders and then the mitigation steps are 
taken on a time-bound manner. 
Now, Shalabh sir has spoken about this Spandana 28 by 28. It would be a challenge for us with 
the spectrum of growth that we are going by 28. The only way how we are going to overcome 
this challenge is on the digitisation part. A little while ago, Dharam spoke about the data cuts 
that is being sent on a daily basis. So, these data analysis also being done at the head office level 
with the offline and online audit that we do. 
This also represents that the branch staff who visits at the branches, it is not only once in a 
quarter but multiple times on a special assignments also. Now, this digitisation would be a game 
changer for us because we would be highlighting the issues on a real-time basis rather than on a 
mandatory time. This will help us also the stakeholders to address the key issues as well as the 
control gaps which are there to fix it on a time-bound manner. 
Now, whatever the controls that we implement, whatever the processes that we implement at the 
field level, now this should be in line with the regulatory compliances because we are governed 
by the regulators. So, whatever the compliances, control gaps, mitigation steps that we take, it 
is aligned with the regulatory compliances. 
To talk more about the regulatory compliances, I would like to request Ramesh to take it over 
on the regulatory compliances. 
Ramesh Periasamy: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Welcome to the Spandana 2.0 meet. So, as my colleagues 
have already spoken about various risk monitoring and risk mitigation measures, so regulatory 
compliance being in financial sector which is a fundamental thing which we are strictly adhering 
to it. So, over last six quarters, we have done various measures and steps towards the regulatory 
compliance requirements and also the good governance measures wherein I, in the interest of 
time, I will just narrate a few important things what we have done. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 43 
 
So, we have added a more team in the process and organizational excellence and business legal, 
corporate legal and compliance team and also customer driven redressal management team. 
Wherein, which improved our overall compliance requirements with a timely manner. So, 
process and excellence team, they ensure that all the documents, manuals, policies, all put in 
place and well documented and always being tracked. 
Then business legal and corporate legal ensures litigation management and contract management 
and also the recoveries and compliance team ensures the tracking of all the compliances across 
the company and also supporting the business in terms of documentations and also coordinating 
with the regulatory authorities as well as the external stakeholders. 
Apart from that, based on our past experience and as a good governance measure, so we have 
put in place a delegation of authority matrix along with the various frameworks, so which clearly 
articulates individual's roles, responsibilities and the authority wherein any decisions within the 
organizations, it flows through the cross-functional team. In case of beyond a certain value, it 
goes through the management level committees to the board level committees, which ensures 
any individual decision making which may impact the operations of the company that will 
restrict and also mitigate the risk. So, over to you. 
Ashish Damani: 
Thanks Ramesh. I think one of the key things to be mentioned is at Spandana now for last six 
quarters we have been filing all our regulatory reports on time and kudos to this team and the 
guys sitting here, we have been correcting the perception which was carried in the past. 
Now that we have covered the operational risk, we have looked at our liking for JLG, smaller 
tenor loans, we want to be diversified. There is one more risk or I think I would say more of a 
challenge for any NBFC or for that matter any financial services is raising the required capital, 
required borrowings to meet the growth plans. Spandana has had a bit of legacy issues and there 
were a lot of challenges when we have joined. 
If you look at the journey we have taken on the fundraising side, it actually started in August of 
'22 when we have announced the first quarter results. We did lot of clean up during that quarter 
and you know that's when the real exercise started, that's when we started getting positively 
engaged with our lending partners. 
If you see, we have been able to raise close to about INR5,800 crores in last financial year over 
the three quarters. It was the time when we have instilled lot of confidence into our partners. 
What also happened is not just raising funds but we have raised it across the types of institutions. 
We have borrowed money from public sector banks, we have borrowed money from private 
sector banks. We always had lot of capital market borrowings. We could borrow from SFBs, 
large NBFCs, we have also done some different kinds of transactions ranging from term loans 
to DA to ECB to bonds and all of this. 
Having said all this, we know there is a path, we know that there is lot of improvement that 
needs to be done in this particular aspect of business when we compare to our peers and to talk 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 43 
 
more about that how we are going to do this, what is in store, I will request my colleague 
Subhrangsu to take us into the section. 
Subhrangsu Chakravarty:  Sure Ashish. Good evening everybody. So when we took over in March 2022, the lender 
confidence in the market was not that high and as we started interacting with you, as we started 
engaging with you, we could feel that. At the same time, we could also feel, we could also sense 
that you had the confidence on the franchise. So we were fully confident, it's only a matter of 
time that we will rebuild that confidence and thanks to all of you that you believed in us, you 
trusted us and you supported us all along. 
So as Ashish has already pointed out, with your support only, we could raise around INR5,800 
crores in financial year FY '23 and as we speak today, we have already surpassed that amount. 
So we are at INR6,100 crores in FY '24. So with your support only, we could grow our assets. 
With your support only, we had a comfortable liquidity of around INR1,500 crores across all 
these quarters. So big thanks to all of you again. 
Let me now give you some flavour on the plans and the progress we have made so far. So we 
follow a diversified funding mix and our diversification consists of borrowing from banks, 
NBFCs, capital market and also foreign borrowing like ECB, FPI, etcetera. So as on September, 
that is Q2 FY '24, our borrowing from banks was around 49%. And this by banks, I mean to say, 
it is both public sector bank as well as private sector bank. And the balance was a combination 
of NBFC borrowing as well as capital market and a small amount of ECB. 
Now what is our focus? Our focus is to increase the bank borrowing. Our focus is to increase 
the bank borrowing to around 60% to 70% in the next six quarters to eight quarters. And the 
balance we would be borrowing from NBFCs, we would like to cut down our borrowings from 
NBFCs and keep it to sub-10%. Our borrowing from capital markets should be sub-15% and the 
balance is what we are going to get from foreign sources like ECB, FPI, etcetera. 
With this kind of borrowing, as on September, our gearing was 2.3x and we are comfortable 
with a gearing of sub-4x in the next six quarters to eight quarters. So we have a good amount of 
runway to cover. I would also like to cover one more point. We have decided, we have actually 
chosen to align ourselves with the sustainable development goals or SDGs as we call as laid 
down by United Nations. In line with that, we have framed an internal policy and framework. 
We would also like to add a social bond to our kitty as we move forward. 
Along with our focus on increasing our bank borrowing, we would also like to, and another 
focus area is to reduce our cost of borrowings. On this, Shilpa, would you like to cover this? 
Shilpa Jain: 
Thanks, Subhrangsu, for laying down the plan for diversification in borrowing. This definitely 
paved the way for reduction in cost of borrowing for us. Reducing the cost of borrowing is one 
of the key focus areas under this management team. Our marginal cost of borrowing when this 
management team took over was 14% and gradually we were able to bring it down to 13%, 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 43 
 
12.7%, 12.6% during quarter of FY '23 and is further reduced to 12.3% at the end of last two 
quarters. 
It took us almost six quarters with lots of effort, focus and continuous engagement with our 
lending partners and support with all stakeholders. We were able to bring down the cost of 
borrowing. As a part of Vision 25, which was unveiled by this management team during July of 
last financial year, we continue to deliver the numbers what we have promised with the support 
from all stakeholders. 
Ashish Damani: 
Shilpa, would you mind taking us through what are the plans, how are we likely to get to sub-
11, what are the initiatives? 
Shilpa Jain  
We know our cost of borrowing is higher as compared to peers primarily due to the CDR and 
the management transition of our company as Ashish mentioned. But we are confident that we 
will be able to bring it down. There are few focus areas which will help us in reducing the cost 
of borrowing would be diversification. We have already reduced the reliance on the capital 
market from the peak of 42% to 28% at the end of previous quarter. 
Another key focus area would be direct assignment. Direct assignment as we know is one of the 
low cost funding resource for us. Traditionally MFI has been the key lending source for the 
banks to meet their PSL requirement. We expect the same to continue and we are comfortable 
up to 10% to 15% of book as a DA. 
Now we will move to the debt management. As a part of debt management, would like to achieve 
desired level in terms of leverage and the capital adequacy. Our leverage was 1.9x when this 
management team took over and it touched the low of 1.3x in September '22. With constant 
effort we were able to improve it to 2.3x and we are comfortable south of 4.0x with a strong 
network and the capital adequacy. 
Currently our capital adequacy stand at 36.6% and we are comfortable anything above 25%. 
Based on our business projection, we should be around 25% at the exit of ‘28. 
Ashish Damani: 
Capital has never been a challenge for Spandana as such. The thought process is that when we 
hit 25% that's when we should look for more capital, if at all. When we do so, we will look at 
least looking for growth capital for two years to three years. That's our thought process. As of 
now as you can see we are very comfortable. Probably in coming years we may have to look at 
this as a possibility. 
While we have talked about lot of initiatives that we are going to take to bring down the cost. 
The whole idea is normally when you get financial gains that's when you should try to pass it 
back to the customer. But any productivity gains or operational gains that should be retained 
back for the shareholders. That's the large thought process. Not to say that anything we do we 
immediately turn around. But in essentiality we will look at this as a theme. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 43 
 
And to talk about more on how we are going to become more productive and I have started by 
saying one of the P for productivity we will drive it by the effective use of technology and for 
this I would like Dharam to take us through. Dharam, I am sorry I have to put you in this but if 
you can try to concise in the interest of time. 
Dharmvir Singh: 
Thanks Ashish. So we have come a long way in last six quarters. We have formed a strong tech 
team and we are happy to announce that this tech team has delivered n-number of features and 
workflows for different business functions. So if you look at, we are happy to announce that all 
our infrastructure is fully cloud. We have zero application ecosystem which is hosted in-house. 
So that's the strength that we have. 
Let's look at how we are protected in terms of information security, when we talk about cloud 
hosting and infrastructure backed application ecosystem. First of all, all cloud services provider 
like OEMs - Microsoft, Google or AWS, they give us a robust level of security in terms of 
network security, internet, port label, SSL certificates. On top of this we have additional network 
security and firewalls which keeps protecting our environment 24x7. 
On top of this, every application whatever user groups are configured, they have a privileged 
access management which ensures within the application which user has what access rights to 
what extent of editability of a particular record in the application. What we do store all PII data 
of customer and employees. We encrypt the entire database of PII using different algorithm 
which is SHA-1, SHA-256 or AES-256. All these various algorithms are used at different 
application ecosystems to encrypt and mask our data of super confidentiality. 
On top of this, we have a security incident and event monitoring tool, which takes care of any 
threats that is coming out of our network and out of our ecosystem that we operate in. We have 
a multi-factor authentication which takes care of additional layer of security for super privileged 
accounts and additional layers, which gives you n number of various questionnaires whenever 
you change a device whenever you change any security passwords or anything. 
Having said that all our infrastructure is fully secure. We are very confident that we are prepared 
for any future disruptions and we have preempted all future disruptions so that our business 
continuity remains intact. For continuing our business continuity on top of doing all this security 
infrastructure setup, we have done a BCP planning as well, wherein all our production instances 
are fully secure by having a real-time closed replication of entire database and the application 
which make this un-immutable database backup which means no one can inject any external 
injection queries, no one can modify the data, no one can read the data, no one has access, even 
including the administrator privileges. That's the kind of preparedness we have done on 
infrastructure side. 
How we are governed in terms of application and infrastructure I would invite Ramesh to throw 
some light on this. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 43 
 
Ramesh Periasamy: 
Thank you, Dharmvir. So as I mentioned earlier, as a learning from the past experience, so we 
have as a part of our various governance and compliance measures, so though we have enough 
IT and infra and security aspects, we also put in place IS and cyber security governance aspects 
and the structure so wherein we have chief information security officer who reports to CRO and 
he is a member of IT steering committee which is the management level committee. Apart from 
that we have IT strategy committee which periodically reviews all our IT and IT infra projects. 
Apart from that it also reviews InfoSec and cyber security measures in the organization what we 
have taken through. And apart from all this, we also have a vendor risk management frame 
assessment and IT risk management assessment and VAPT test which are all periodically taken 
care and the same thing being monitored by the IT strategy committee and also the risk 
management committee. In addition to this, we have independent internal and IS information 
security audit and in case of any gaps or deviations identified in the audit, it's being presented 
before the board level committees along with the time bounded action plan. 
So this to ensure our IT and InfoSec and the cyber security measures are fully taken care our 
database is fully taken care. So over to Sushanta to go through the process automation. 
Sushanta Tripathy: 
Yes, thank you Ramesh. Dharmvir and Ramesh mentioned about key pointers related to the IT 
infra back-end how we have strengthened the overall back end part. But to have the scale up of 
the business, we need to take care of the front end also. So when I say front end, it's our branch 
staff and the customer. 
Today's competitive world, customer what they want. If I go to any village and ask a 
microfinance borrower they have options. They will say, “I want two things. First, how soon 
will you be able to give me a loan and how hassle free will you be able to give me? How easily 
will you be able to give me? So for that, with that two things in the mind, we have done a lot of 
innovation in terms of process automation. 
Earlier days we were taking the loan application in a piece of paper. Our loan officer was writing 
everything in handwritten. Gone are those days. Last six quarters, we have spent a lot of time, 
energy, resources in automating our processes. We have introduced a mobility solution wherein 
the end-to-end customer journey is taken care. 
Today we have about 10,000 loan officers, field staff. They start their work from 6.30 in the 
morning. They take the mobile application to the mobile device. There itself there is village 
survey, group training, group confirmation, center meeting, any activity during the day, they do 
in the mobile application. No paperwork, nothing. 
He doesn't carry anything in the hand. So not only in microfinance, as I mentioned in my 
previous section secure loan and nano enterprise loan also we have launched. There also because 
we have launched recently, from the day one we ensured that some of the additional features in 
the mobile application is fitted. So that the customer journey is end-to-end seamless and 
paperless digital journey. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 43 
 
Here one of the important features is when we have this OCR, Optical Character Recognition 
deployed in the mobile application. When you scan the KYC images, automatically data is 
prefilled. And once data is pre-filled, you don't have to do manually and all the loan documents 
are generated pre-populated. That saves time and energy and everything. 
After the sanction of any loan, there is a host-to-host integration with the bank. So directly fund 
gets transferred to the customer account. It's fully digital. So that also saves time. And for doing 
all this process automation, we have partnership with the tech vendors and they give us an API 
call and seamless movement of the files happens. So in the end, as a company, six quarters back, 
we were not that much very process-oriented kind of thing. Now what we wanted was let us do 
each and every activity, every product we launch. Product feature is one part. But what are the 
processes involved? That's the key. So for that reason, we have set up a 10-member dedicated 
team which is called the Process Excellence Team. Day in and day out, they come up with the 
innovation and do multiple changes in the current setup process to get the desired result. But 
during the loan journey also, only by defining the process, it doesn't help. You have to have 
control measures at various points of time. 
And Vishal, I think Vishal will be explaining how we have various control in the process in the 
entire loan journey. 
Vishal Sharma: 
Sure, Sushanta. So tech as an enabler to the business carries a lot of value-add in terms of 
enabling the entire business for us. But on the other side, tech as a control and risk mitigation as 
well plays a critical role. And I'll give you a very simple example. So each of our customer is 
geo-tagged today. Any disbursement which happens, the customer is necessarily geo-tagged. 
The customer's house is geo-tagged. We have the centers which are geo-tagged. We have our 
branches, which are geo-tagged. And there is an app which our loan officer carries. 
So once you have geo-tagged the borrower's house, you now know in case of any eventuality or 
the loan officer moving out because there is a rotation process which we follow. Every loan 
officer has to change branch and centers again as a risk mitigant. But the continuity of the 
borrower has to be there. So that's one example of the control. 
The second is, simple things like, we were earlier managing travel allowance for the LOs, Loan 
Officers, through a paper process. Through this app, today I know that how much, not just how 
much he's traveled, how much time has he spent to the center, but also I can reimburse his travel 
through this app. So there are multiple advantages of how we've used technology and how it is 
aiding in controlling and mitigating risk for us. 
The other thing which we're working on is the e-Sign functionality. It's already live in our non-
microfinance book. We're working on the same on the microfinance book. What it will do is that 
all the paper, all the hard copies, it will do away with that. The entire documentation will be 
digitized. It will work as a single e-Sign by the borrower and save a lot of non-value-add which 
happens at the branch. So that's another example. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 43 
 
Also, e-NACH is another example on that. Already following up for non-microfinance business, 
but we'll be replicating soon. The other is the e-KYC. We have started work on it. The journey 
has already started. I think in a few quarters from now, our e-KYC will be rolled out in the near 
future. Taking that forward, the technology being used for analytics and our decisioning-based 
lending because we have a template-based product lending process. 
Deepak would talk about that. 
Deepak Varma: 
Thank you, Vishal. Technology for us, I mean, we've already discussed quite comprehensively 
how we are using it about creating score, already having a model in place and migrating to a 
scorecard-based model. And the new businesses, already from the day one, we have ensured that 
we get into a self-aware, auto-learning kind of a scorecard model which kind of updates itself 
every six to 12 months. However, I just wanted to touch base only on the base which we take 
technology as. 
 
We want to be one of the most deeply penetrated microfinance institutions as far as technology 
is concerned. However, the only reason why we want to be that is not for a bragging right that 
we'll be the most advanced in this. There are only two things which we look for when we are 
looking at any of these interventions. 
 
The first is our LO. We have audited an 8,500 LOs who travel from 6.30 in the morning till 
whatever time. And the second is the 27 lakh clients who we have and which is ever increasing. 
The only reason why we have these interventions at whatever places is that we can make life 
easy for these two people who are the biggest elements in our business. 
Hence, we have different initiatives coming in like an incentive app which incentive is a large 
part of this salary of a front-end employee. And to know and have a clarity and a transparency 
where I stand today and how much I can earn, that itself is a huge motivator for the team. 
Similarly, having a fast approval matrix. I mean, what best can you give to a client that it is 
painless and the client experience itself is so good that they want to come and join with us. 
Our core agenda for bringing in technology at any level is going to be these two people, the LO 
and the client. And how we are taking this forward further, I mean, what are new initiatives we 
are bringing in, I would request Dharam to actually highlight some more. 
Dharmvir Singh: 
Thanks, Deepak. So apart from practicing this data-driven culture, we have also started moving 
towards safe Harbor, forward-looking culture. So when I say forward-looking culture, we should 
be becoming a future-ready. So everything that we use has to be future-ready. As we know that 
in recent times, regulatory guidelines or regulators wanted to discourage the cash economy and 
our majority of collection is cash. They wanted to promote CBDC, which is digital rupee, central 
bank, digital currencies. 
 
So we have started doing a POC, how we can enable our collections in offline mode to an end 
customer who is not having a smartphone. So this is something which we are working on and 
definitely we are on it. We'll keep you posted on this once we have some updates. On top of this, 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 43 
 
we wanted to make our entire KYC to be available on private blockchain, which is a new 
futuristic Web 3.0 guidelines. And definitely we are on it and we have started exploring how we 
can seamlessly keep all KYC information for all regulatory and compliance purpose for review 
and audits. 
As we are growing, our endeavor is to grow exponentially, but follow algorithmic graph in terms 
of support function costs. So this is where we are working on and we wanted to have a fully 
integrated CRM, IVR, chat bot with AI/ML features, which will pre-close all the tickets raised 
at service and help desk. On top of this, we have also planned for a futuristic fraud prevention 
algorithm, which will be part of Data Lake itself, which will be autonomous and self-learning, 
which will preempt all future business risks for loan delinquencies. 
We as an organization believe digital transformation is a journey, it's not a destination. At our 
org level, we have a vision to have one Spandana, one application, and one device per employee, 
which makes everyone efficient enough to work on a single device with a single console. How 
we are onboarding customer as on today and how we are going to onboard a customer in future, 
in near term, let's have a look at a video and try to understand our pain points and what is 
proposed to ease out those pain points. 
Ashish Damani: 
Can you play the video please? 
[Video] 
Ashish Damani: 
Thank you. So, essentially, what are we saying, we'll move paperless, we'll have a very secured 
environment. And lastly, use latest technologies to help productivity make life easier for our 
loan officers and bring customer delight. The experience with the customer should get better and 
better. They should be able to access loans much faster. Today, we are spending whatever, three 
days to five days, it should go down to, like 10 minutes to 30 minutes at best. 
 
So that's, that's what we are working towards. We are progressing towards, yes, we know there 
are some peers who are already there, but we are also getting there as we speak. This brings us 
to the last section, while this is the last, this is the most important, I will just roll back to the first 
earnings call which Shalabh did. We talked about our vision '25, can you move to the next slide, 
please, next section, where we've talked about, what are our priorities and in fact, in Shalabh's 
commentary, he said, from one to 10, my priority is just people. 
So while this is the last, this is the most important one, we have taken a lot of initiatives and we 
continue to do so, because this is the most important stakeholder in the business when you talk 
about financial services. To take us through this section, I would request Prashant, Prashant Rai, 
our CPO to take it from here. Thanks. 
Prashant Rai: 
Thanks, Ashish and good evening to all of you and welcome to this session. It's great to have 
you all here today. So, if I have to talk about people, I would say that in a microfinance, people 
are the biggest asset. The second important aspect which I also would like to tell you is that, we 
are in a business where, we are in a very high touch business, right? We have a lot of people 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 43 
 
who are spread out across the country as different places and the kind of competencies that they 
have are not up to the mark. 
So in that case, it becomes very important that we also need to have significant amount of 
supervisory layers on top of them to take care of them when it comes to doing the right kind of 
business. In that regard, when we came six quarters back and took up this new assignment with 
Spandana, we clearly had three key important aspects that we wanted to work upon when it 
comes to people management or people agenda. 
The one important aspect that we wanted to really look upon was to see that how can we bring 
in a stable management team in the organization. And in doing so, the important focus that we 
had was to see that, we had the best people from the industry who could come and join us. And 
today I'm happy to inform you all that the 13th that you're seeing out here, all sitting and talking 
to you, are all veterans from the microfinance sector. They have been working in this sector for 
a very long period of time. And to say in a very few words is to say that we know this business 
well. 
 
The second important aspect was, as we bring these people from different sectors, obviously 
they had different ways of doing business in their own respective organizations. So when we 
came here to Spandana, it was very important for us to also set the right kind of a vision, the 
right kind of a mission and the values in which we would ensure that as we move ahead, the 
Spandana 2.0, we would have that all inculcated and crafted in a way that we all align to it. So 
that was the second important aspect which we did, that we created the vision, the mission and 
the core values for the organization. 
 
The third important aspect was also to see, and I think Shalabh also talked about it in his opening 
speech, was that we came into a running organization. It was not an organization which we 
started off with, rather it was a running organization. So it was very important for us that, there 
is a cultural alignment which was important to manage that, to create the right kind of synergy 
for the people who are there in the organization, who are already there and they do not feel left 
out or insecure when we came into the organization. 
 
So this is some activities that we did, which really worked on. Having said that, we have covered 
some distance, but I think the journey is still ahead and there's a lot that we need to do. The most 
important thing that we need to talk about when you're talking about, the Vision '28-by-'28 is 
the fact that the kind of scale that we are going to grow, obviously we have to make sure that we 
attract talent from the industry. 
 
The other important thing is also how do we retain talent in the organization and to make sure 
that even they stick around and they grow with the organization. And third is the kind of changes 
that are happening in the ecosystem in terms of the governance structures. We have to make sure 
that, we have the right kind of structured, governance structures in the organization that we could 
make ourself future ready for the future. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 43 
 
 
In that respect, the most important aspect is about, attracting talent into the organization. In that 
regard, I think the business are the ones who are really doing that activity. So it would be great, 
if I could ask Shriraj, if you could talk a little bit about, what are some of the challenges when it 
comes to attracting talent and how are you dealing with that? 
Shriraj Vedsen: 
Thank you. Thank you, Prashant. So, what do we mean when we say that people are the most 
important thing in our business? See, one thing which we are very clear about is that every 
decision which we sitting on the dais here take, so there is one overriding concern, how does it 
make the life of the person on the field easier? We are all amazed and honored by the hard work 
and the dedication of our team and it is our continuous effort to ensure that all our efforts are 
directed towards making their life easier. 
A little bit about the highlights of the journey of the last six quarters. So when Spandana 2.0 
came about, there were around 6,000 odd loan officers working in 1,050 odd branches. Today 
we are sitting at 1,520 branches and 8,500 confirmed loan officers. So how did we manage this 
quite rapid rate of growth? See the thing is, as Prashant just pointed out, we are all veterans in 
the industry and we had our own top performing teams with us and we had these people come 
in and form the nucleus of the team which kind of went on to attract the best talent from the 
markets and today we are proud of the fact that we have some of the most talented people in the 
industry working for us. 
At the same time, we were very cognizant of the fact that the existing sales team should not feel 
left out or short changed. We made a salary parity grid so that we didn't have outliers coming in 
in terms of salary. At the same time, the existing staff were given several welfare measures like 
internal job postings and we had five year, seven year, 10 year long service awards and we take 
these things very seriously. There is a very templated kind of award ceremony which happens 
and all of us are there to congratulate the people on these long service awards. 
We also give a lot of other referral bonuses and stuff like that which are all constituting welfare 
measures. The salary grids have been stabilized. We ensure that our loan officer in the field gets 
a decent salary between INR17,000 to INR20,000 which is again on the upper end of the median 
as far as the industry benchmarks are concerned. Lastly, this microfinance business is a people 
need go along type business where you have 8,500 loan officers working in the field. There is 
no scope for individual initiative and individual way of looking at things. We have to ensure that 
the whole team is marching lock step. 
To promote this culture, we believe in over communicating in the sense that we have a system 
by which everybody in the company is able to communicate periodically with the top 
management. We have quarterly town halls in which the loan officer in the field can be accessed 
through the branch manager's device and we ensure that everybody from the MD onwards is 
addressing the team. 
Five times a month, we have our chief operating officer address the team and we have these 
Zoom calls with more than 2,000 branch managers and supervisors connected to the call and we 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 43 
 
just ensure that the smallest decision is downloaded to the last person in the field. So again to 
end, I would say that we are proud of the team which we have. We don't believe that these people 
work for us. We are proud of the fact that we work for them. 
Thank you. And I think to take this forward, I think Subhrangsu sir will speak. 
Subhrangsu Chakravarty: Yes, sure. Thanks, Shriraj. So you see our business scenario is changing and several changing 
and to keep pace with this changing business scenario, we must be relevant and contemporary 
to add more steam to the business trajectory of Spandana 2.0 and in that respect, our philosophy 
is employee first. It has been made clear by our managing director Shalabh, it has been made 
clear by our chief people officer Prashant that employees are our greatest assets. So we provide 
the best of the facilities or best of the benefits in the industry and as Shriraj has already pointed 
out, our salary compensation is best in the industry. You see, we appreciate the fact that this 
industry works in a residential model. 
That means our employees, most of our employees, majority of our employees are actually based 
out of, they reside in the branches. So we are appreciative of the fact, we feel that they should 
not be feeling that they are away from their home. So we ensure that they get the best of the 
facilities at the branches. So we provide them with cooking facilities, with cooking gas, even a 
cook, etcetera. etcetera. So all of this is to ensure that they are not feeling they are away from 
their home. 
We celebrate birthdays in the branches, we celebrate all the major festivals in the branches. On 
the benefits, you see, our salary is, of course we pay best in the industry, but also we make sure 
that there is some level of social security we can provide. So we have covered all our employees 
with medical insurance and when I say all our employees, this means which actually includes 
all the employees who are even covered under ESI benefits. 
All our employees are having life coverage. So all of this is to make us the best in the industry. 
Talking about communication, as you know, Sriraj was pointing out, our communication is not 
one way, it's a two-way communication. We love to hear back from the employees, you know, 
we always, we actually follow an open door policy in our office across all the, including head 
office. 
So we love to hear back from them, whatever our employees say is gospel for us, you know, we 
are also conducting a dip-stick survey. All of this is done to, you know, help us improve if there 
is any scope for improvement and to see that employees grow and, you know, help the 
organizations grow. 
What we expect from our employees is that they are disciplined in their deliverables and they're 
compliant with all the statutes which are governing us. On compliance, may I request Sunand to 
take this? 
Sunand Sahu: 
Yes, thanks Subhrangsu. On the compliances part, Ramesh was speaking about the regulatory 
compliances and the governance on the IT structure. Now, on the governance of the people, this 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 43 
 
is one of the most crucial part. We are compliant with all the regulatory compliances as of now. 
One of the major compliances which is on the labor law, there is a transformation that is going 
on. We are keeping a watch on this from time to time. 
Whatever regulatory compliances changes come, we will be adhering it to. So this is on the 
compliances part. Now, Deepak was saying on keeping the foundation strong. Our foundation 
is our employee. So across 1,520 branches, 20 states, 10,000 employees across all pan-India 
level, hitting the field day in and day out. We have to listen them. That is what Shalab sir was 
also saying in the opening speech. 
So to do this, we have rolled out an internal portal Sahayata, where they can log into the portal 
and give their grievances, complaints, queries, whatever it is. Whatever they have problem or 
issue we will solve them. So that is what the portal, how it works. 
Continuous trainings have been given at the field level on the compliances part. Continuous 
training has been given at the head office level also. The people who handle grievances at the 
head office level are trained to handle these grievances from the employees. 
Having said this, whatever grievances we get in the head office, it is being acted upon. However, 
we also ensure that the right person is not victimized. Now in Spandana 2.0, integrity is one of 
our core values. I think Prashant will speak about it a little while now. In the contrary, on the 
disciplinary issues, if there is any wrongdoing by any of the employee, we have a disciplinary 
action plan in place. So we also give them a chance to hear as part of the principle of natural 
justice, we give them a chance to be heard from them, post which we have a corrective action 
on that. 
Now on the people practices that Prashant was speaking a little while earlier, I would request 
Prashant to take it forward on the people practices on the inclusion and diversification, which is 
our road forward. 
Ashish Damani: 
Prashant, before you add, just one point to be added. Sunand talked about the Sahayata portal 
that we have. It's not just that people can just put out their requests out there or requirements out 
there. Subsequently, it is also tracked by us in terms of in what TAT’s we have gone back to. In 
fact, if it is not done in the required TAT, it gets escalated, it gets to Shalabh, it can go to our 
ombudsman as well. So that's a very important and a critical fact. 
It's not just that one portal has been made, kept there, someone is sending it, someone is not 
seeing it. That's not how we follow. It is being monitored, it is being tracked and we take it very 
seriously. Sorry Prashant… 
Prashant Rai: 
No, no, thank you. Thank you Ashish. That's true. Second also, I just wanted to make sure that, 
you know, so we have been doing a lot of initiative, whether it be in terms of tech initiative, 
whether it be in terms of people related initiative, whether in terms of benefits that we have been 
giving to our employees. What is this really culminating into, right? And you know, I'm sure as 
an analyst, you will all be thinking that what is it going, where is it heading to, you know? 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 43 
 
I will tell you today that, you know, today our attrition levels against the industry, we are almost 
around 20% is lower. So that is where it all culminates into. The fact that, you know, we have 
been doing this initiative, it has been helping us. 
The numbers are good, but having said that, we feel that we can do much better in terms of our 
approach. So the journey ahead for us is basically, you know, in terms of how do we move from 
employee satisfaction to creating employee delight in the organization. And the most important 
aspect we feel is that, you know, we need to provide psychological safety to our people who are 
working in this organization. 
The second important aspect which we need to do is also in terms of our retention of employees, 
how do we bring about long-term incentive programs which are there, which has already been 
created to make sure that we retain these people who are there in the organization, the critical 
talent who is there. The second important thing which we want to talk about is in terms of 
inclusion and sustainability. Today, ESG is the mantra. 
And obviously, if you look at the ESG, the social and the governance structures, if you are 
talking about, has a lot of people element. And that is where we want to really focus upon. 
Today, we have fairly good diversity in our HO, but we want to make sure that, you know, we 
are able to also create such kind of diversities down below at the field level as well. 
It's a difficult journey and it's a challenging journey. But I assure you, you know, if you have 
taken the right steps, I'm sure we will be able to achieve that dream as well. The second important 
aspect or rather the third one is in terms of creating a learning organization. 
Today, if you really look at our processes and systems and the kind of work that we have been 
doing today, there is a certain way in which Spandana does its business. We want to codify this 
whole process and make sure that we standardize this and create a learning module around it so 
that anybody coming into Spandana to work with us, they would have all of this provided to 
them. The second important aspect is also the fact that today, if you look at our people who join 
us, many of them, you know, this is their first job. 
So it is very important that we create the right kind of platform for them so that they can upskill 
themselves and they can learn and grow. And that's exactly what we would be focusing upon. 
And last but not the least is in terms of, you know, how do we become an employer of choice. 
In that regard, you know, while, you know, Subhrangsu talked about we are doing employee 
dip-stick survey, we are definitely mapping the employee life journey and also understanding 
what is the engagement level in the organization. But having said that, the important aspect is 
creating the right employee value proposition that we would like to share to the people at the 
external world so that when they come in, they are very clear as to why they should be joining 
Spandana. All said and done, you know, all work and no play makes Spandana very dull. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 43 
 
And we don't want to make that. So we want to have a fairly good amount of fun when we are 
doing all of these activities. So in one side, you know, where we are having a lot of technology 
related activities, we want to make sure that the people element is not missed out. 
And we make sure that the camaraderie that is required in the organization is maintained. In that 
regard, you know, we want to drive our Spandana 2.0 in the journey ahead through our core 
value system. In that regard, we have created a small video on our core value, which is I CARE. 
Let us see what this video talks about. Can you play the video, please? 
[Video] 
Prashant Rai: 
So as my MD keeps telling me, you know, if you take care of your people, your people will take 
care of your business. And I think that's what we are really striving for as we move ahead in 
Spandana 2.0. That we will take care of our people and our people will take care of the business. 
We will do it through technology-enabled processes. We will do it through proper collaboration. 
We will do it through compliance and governance. And we will do it through our process with 
love and care. Thank you very much. 
Emcee thanks the panelists and hands over to Mr. Shalabh Saxena, MD & CEO of Spandana Sphoorty Financial Ltd for Q&A 
session. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Right. So, thank you. Thank you very much, Neha. It's important that there are, and I'm sure 
there'll be a few questions, if not more. Happy to answer all the questions. We have people out 
on the ground sitting there, you know, waiting for you to just raise your hand so that if there are 
questions, you know, somebody can please give the mic to. We'll try to answer to the best of our 
ability. If you have to come back, we'll come back to you. Yes, please. 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. Anil Tulsiram here. I have two questions. First, under 
CGFMU, under CGFMU, you have option to take credit guarantee insurance from Government 
of India by paying 1% premium, under which 3% to 15% of the portfolio will be covered. So, 
do we have any plans to take it? And if not, reason for the same. And second question is for 
customers who after completing, say, three to four credit cycles, want to borrow INR60,000 to 
INR80,000. Do you think they will be willing to give the joint liability of the other customers 
and I think they will prefer the individual loan. So, do we have any such plans to do individual 
loans? And if not, the rationale for the same. That's it. Thank you. 
Ashish Damani: 
So, the first one I'll take. See, we are looking at a credit cost of about 1.5% if all goes well. The 
challenge with the program, the government program is you have to pay 1% and then there are 
a lot of bells and whistles. In fact, to qualify also, there are certain, you know, prerequisites 
which are there. So, at this stage, we believe that we are comfortable with our, you know, resting 
with our business as is. But yes, at some stage, we may, you know, continue to evaluate. But 
right now, we are very confident that credit cost should not be more than 1.5% if all goes well. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 34 of 43 
 
Shalabh Saxena: 
To your second question, individual loans, I think it was covered by our colleague, Ajay. Our 
belief in JLG Supreme, number one. Number two, we think there is enough headroom even now 
because the penetration of the addressable market is about 45% in the country today as we speak. 
All said and done, the industry at a INR4 lakh crores, slated to grow at 22%. There is enough 
and more in the JLG to kind of not really go overboard when it comes to a non-JLG or an 
individual loan. 
The third point, which is very, very critical is, where do you stop? Because companies, kind of 
go to a INR1.5, INR2 lakhs, INR2.5 lakhs. Everyone has a risk appetite. We understand that we 
have a risk appetite. Someone else has a risk appetite. They will understand. As far as we are 
concerned, we are comfortable and I think Vishal had mentioned this point. INR80,000 is the 
max that we offer. For the next until exit of ‘25, we will continue with this number. We think 
there is enough opportunities in the market without really taking undue risks. 
To each one, his or her own, as far as we are concerned, our risk appetite, we are comfortable 
with that number. So we will continue. It is not that we have anything against individual. We 
might do individual, but that will always at any given point in time be less than 5%. So, that's 
for sure. Yes, anybody else? Give the mic here. 
Balkrishna Vakasya: 
Hi, my name is Balkrishna Vakasya. So usually, we saw the presentation, you have a target of 
more than 5% of ROA. So, if I look at the blocks of let's say various blocks of five years in last 
15 years. So on an average, if I take it out, then in every five years, an average of around three 
is made. So how is this sustainable? For example, we have achieved once. After that, what can 
be the sustainable level according to you? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
See, we have put a ROA number of 4.5%. In last 15 years, there have been three major events. 
One was Andhra crisis or Andhra ordnance in 2011. In November 2016, demonetization 
happened. And COVID was a global crisis. Which is why I said, all of this is subject to no such 
shocks. These are all global shocks. This industry is mature enough to handle localized 
disruptions. There is no problem in that. If there is a flood, it will be derailed for two months 
and then it will come back to its own pace. 
 
So to the extent possible, assuming reasonable scenario, we are not saying ideal scenario. We 
are saying reasonable scenario. We are comfortable, we are confident that the delivery will 
happen. There are things that we don't know. For things that we don't know, obviously, it's 
difficult to comment. But this is a reasonably matured and standardized industry with a 
standardized output. You should know how to play this game. If you know how to play this 
game, the output is taken care of. It's our belief. 
 
It's been six quarters that we have been doing it. We have been in this business for quite some 
time. We understand this. Assuming everything to be okay, I think we should be able to be, 
reasonably confident. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 35 of 43 
 
Balkrishna Vakasya: 
Second question is, according to you, what should be the ideal AUM that a loan officer should 
manage? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Ideal, yes sure. So, currently, we are at INR1.1 crores, INR1.2 crores AUM. COVID has taught 
us that you should not overburden a loan officer. Our estimate and by the numbers that were 
presented, we anticipate in the next two to three years, the number to go up to INR1.4 crores to 
INR1.5 crores. That’s on the dollar side. On the customer side, 450-475 is a good number. 
Personally, the distribution that I have seen, we have gone up to a 600 number as well. But that 
was pre-COVID. COVID has taught us that you have to be slightly more cautious. So a 450-475 
is a comfortable number for us. I think that's the number that we are aiming for. 
Balkrishna Vakasya: 
And the last question, there is a lot of buzz about unsecured lending these days. And there is a 
regulatory guideline from RBI also. So in terms of microfinance, to what extent do you see those 
kinds of trends? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
It’s a very good question. Risk of unsecured is a definite risk. There is absolutely no doubt about 
it. What hence you have to do is to be slightly… If you see the theme of our presentation, what 
are we saying? We are saying we will be muted on ticket sizes. We said we are tracking 
indebtedness, not ticket sizes. Ticket size has no meaning. I am just exaggerating to 
communicate the point. I can give you INR30,000 ticket sizes but give you one loan every three 
months. Indebtedness at a borrower level for the companies what we track as institution and that 
is what we are completely focused on. If you see, we are currently at about INR36,000. 
There are companies at INR47,000 - INR48,000 also. And there are companies which are at 
30,000 also. Everyone has their own appetite. We are comfortable at INR36,000. We will be in 
this range only. We don't have any ambition to reach INR45,000 or INR50,000 indebtedness. 
Because see, what is the underlying thought? Underlying thought is there is an opportunity. 
Don't go overboard. Don't fall for it. You have to work hard to get that opportunity. You have to 
pace your innings as I say. This is a test match that we are playing. This is not a T20. And for 
sure, this is not the slog overs of a T20. For sure. In business, there is no need for bravery. You 
should not lose focus in excitement. You should work very slowly. It will take time. 
Ashish Damani: 
I will just add two points to that. The first one is if you look at our journey. In the last six quarters, 
we have given 50% loan to new customers. So we are just adding customers. And when you add 
the customer, our process is that we give less loan to the first time borrower. In fact, we give 
INR35,000 in weekly. In monthly, we go up to INR42,000. These ticket sizes have been kept 
for us for now, almost like three years. The same ticket sizes have been continuing. 
 
The second point is, Shalabh was talking about, you know, number of loans to a borrower. At 
Spandana, the count is 1.1. You take the industry. You can map it. People are as high as 1.8 or 
maybe more than two also. But right now, we are at 1.1. And probably we will be like this. We 
probably increase a little bit. When we do weekly, we would want people to take loans at regular 
intervals. But those loans will be much smaller ticket sizes. So exposure is what we track. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 36 of 43 
 
 
And that is much lower compared to the industry. And that's how we are comfortable with. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Next question please. Yes. 
Ratnamala: 
Yes. Ratnamala here. There is a consolidation happening. If you see couple of transactions, last 
transactions, CreditAccess couple of years back. Now recently, Svatantra announced that they 
will actually take Chaitanya. How does this impact players like Spandana? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So look, there are two parts to this. One is, what are we as an institution doing? And two is 
obviously, there is a shareholder play in this. So I have Kartik here with me from Kedara. So I 
will be happy to kind of... I will give you my side of the management version of where are we 
focused? And I will request him to kind of answer from a Kedara point of view. As far as the 
management is concerned, look, the heads and hands might change. The company has to run. 
 
This is an institution. This is now a INR10,000 crores company. End of two quarters from now, 
end of this year, we will be INR12,000 crores. End of next year, we will be INR15,000. In 
INR15,000 crores company, there are responsibilities and there is a critical mass which will keep 
on chugging along, which will keep on delivering the results that you want. So the results are 
irrespective of whatever happens. 
 
I am not the right person to kind of answer but from a management point of view, I think we are 
completely focused on the delivery, number one. Number two, we have completely, we have 
our set ethos. We have our set core philosophies. Very old fashioned, very conservative, very 
traditional but that is what it is. You know, we can't change it. We are too old to be changed. 
Now the point we are trying to say is that given this pace at which we are going, irrespective of 
whatever, the institution will deliver. 
That's what I thought, I will just kind of add before, if somebody can hand over the mic to Kartik. 
So just to introduce, Kartik Kaji, he represents Kedaara. Long term supporter of Spandana has 
been around for quite some time. He was responsible for we being here. So the first conversation 
that I had was with Kartik. Kartik, over to you. 
Kartik Kaji: 
Thanks, Shalabh. I don’t know if you are happy about that or sad about that but thank you 
anyway. No, look, as Shalabh was saying, we have been shareholders of Spandana for a very 
long period of time. And I think we have always tried to take a very long term view of 
shareholders from the beginning. Whether that’s injecting capital into the company, investing 
and rebuilding the management team, investing in technology. 
 
Because we firmly believe if you take the right decision in the long-term interest of the company, 
that will result in better shareholder value for all of us, including ourselves. That’s always the 
view we have taken. Ultimately, we are a private equity firm. We aren’t here forever. But we 
are in no rush either. The vehicle that holds Spandana has quite a couple of years left ahead of 
it on the clock. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 37 of 43 
 
 
So there’s no rush from that perspective. And that vehicle has actually performed quite well. So 
we have the ability to extend that if we need to. So our view is that we want to support the 
business through the good times and the bad. We certainly support it in the bad times. And we 
definitely want to be around for the good times which we think are well on their way right now. 
 
But as and when an opportunity arises in the future to leave the company in a better form than 
where we found it. Be it in somebody else’s hands, be it as part of a larger institution or just a 
broadly held public company, that is the right long term direction for Spandana. There are no 
such plans today or tomorrow. 
 
But in the future, of course, as I said, we can’t be here forever. But rest assured, whatever 
happens, whenever it happens, it will be done in a way that leaves the company better off than 
where we found it.  
Shalabh Saxena: 
Thanks Kartik. Any more? Yes. 
Nitesh: 
So RBI has been quite vocal on the interest rate charged by MFIs. In a couple of speeches, RBI 
Governor himself said that some of the MFIs have taken a sharp interest rate hike after the 
regulatory change. So what are the stance there and how are we protecting ourselves against 
that, any regulatory activism on that? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So, two answers to your question. In India, there are registered about 206 or 207 microfinance 
companies. The top 10 companies contribute or constitute about 90% of the industry. If you look 
at those companies, if you look at the top 10 interest rates, there is a range between 23%-24% 
and 26%. This is part one of the answer. There are other companies which operate in pockets, 
which are registered microfinance companies charging much-much higher rates. 
 
30%, 31%, 32% so on and so forth. So, there was no specific name taken or whatever but general 
guidance is that just be cautious, just because there was an opportunity given to you, don’t go 
overboard. I think that’s the nudge that the regulator has given. Now, if you look at our specific 
to Spandana if you look at our calculations, in the calculations that we do this is the method or 
the spread cost plus 10 was allowable with that method, I calculate today, it comes to roughly 
12.1, 12.2 which is instead of 10, it is 12.1, 12.2. 
At any given point in time given the high cost of operating the model and the fact that this is 
unsecured lending and the fact that this is last mile delivery do we think that 12.1 is usurious by 
any stretch of imagination I would really hesitate to say a yes, it is definitely a no if you were to 
ask me. However, in a long term if there are specific discussions with anybody, happy to get into 
a discussion and whatever is the aligned position we will move on. 
But be rest assured that from a point of view of institution, we are absolutely clear that there is 
this macro which is the repo rate whether it goes up or down although it has been kind of stable 
I mean post the repo rates if you see the last year and a half the rates have gone up by 2.5%. To 
a lot we have absorbed and for the last four quarters we have been steady from an interest rate 
point of view. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 38 of 43 
 
If everything goes well and if there is a stable environment, we might go and start reducing as 
well, there is no doubt about it we will pass on the benefit to the customer but our current rates 
also if I were to say, they are reasonable in our view, I have given you a comparator 10% was 
12.1 probably we have to be mindful of what the regulator is saying and for sure at every given 
point in time we keep evaluating that position. 
Nitesh: 
Secondly, your ROA guidance for FY28 is lower than the ROA guidance for FY25 what is the 
rationale for that? Because during that three years there should be some operating leverage which 
should play out? 
Ashish Damani: 
See largely I think what we have guided for is over 4.5%. Idea is to like Shalabh was explaining 
idea is to divert the balance sheet focus on ROE at some stage, not now but at some stage we 
will have to look at reducing the interest rates as we grow. And that’s what has been built into 
the plan. We do understand that sustainably trying to do more than 5% ROA over the years is 
something that regulator may also frown about. So it makes sense to stay put between that 4.5% 
and 5% kind of a… what is really important is the ROE piece and that will kick in with the 
leverage and that is what we will focus on 
Nitesh: 
And lastly the business which Criss Financial is doing, why don't we do that business in the 
standalone balance sheet itself because we have significant headroom of non-MFI assets now? 
Ashish Damani: 
The LAP and… so this is a separate balance sheet we are doing it in the subsidiary called Criss 
Finance Limited where the LAP as well as the nano will be housed not just because it will have 
a good rub off on the balance sheet all together but also from a qualifying assets perspective 
given that we are NBFC, MFI we need to have 75% of our assets which should be into qualifying 
that's one more reason why we have it housed in the subsidiary 
Shalabh Saxena: 
I think what he is saying is why don't you do the Criss business in SSFL, I think that's the 
question right? 
Nitesh: 
Yes, yes. 
Ashish Damani: 
So the second part of my response is the answer… you do it in this balance sheet you have a 
total headroom of 25% in terms of non-qualifying within that if you look at most of the NBFC 
MFIs they hold around 10% to between 10% and 15% as liquid cash. And today cash is not 
considered as a part of your qualifying assets so it becomes a double whammy. So it's little 
challenging in fact it's a blessing in disguise that we have a subsidiary where we are housing this 
Thank you. Thanks Nitesh 
Rohit: 
Good evening, sir 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Can I request… Yes, tell me Yes, tell me 
Rohit: 
Hi. So basically Shalabh you talked about that there are lot of knowns and then basically there 
are lot of unknowns. So how do you build the counter cyclicality in the business like in terms of 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 39 of 43 
 
building provision buffers, capital buffers, leadership backups down the order as such you know 
lot of you are basically some of you are actually new in the organization, some are actually old 
but some point of time you will also have to build in the leadership backup in the company. 
Then basically talked about plan till you know 2028 when you want to have INR28,000 crores 
of AUM in the company itself but whether the structure of the organization will remain same or 
you feel that at that point of time you need to look at maybe some different business model, 
maybe a pure NBFC model or maybe SFB model that you might explore? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
So when we plan, we don't plan for today. The chair that we have placed here it was not for 
INR10,000 crores it was already planned it's always a INR5,000, INR7,000, INR8,000 
INR10,000 ahead. When we got the team together, at any given point in time INR18,000, 
INR17,000 was always on our mind and that is why we planned for it. I can say with reasonable 
confidence that the team that we have here and this is just the 13 or 14 of us. 
There are layers below that we have set up which are good for a 28, so in 28 we will have to 
augment but at a head office and a senior leadership level we are fine. This is exactly what we 
did. Any organization when you want to scale up, you start scaling up to a 2x minimum because 
the controls and supervisions have to be put up in advance for that kind of a scale. So controls 
and supervision do not scale up as you grow. 
It has to be a top down and your bottom up will only be your sales efforts when you get 
incremental sales. So I can say with reasonable surety that for the teams that we have at the head 
office and the CXO level and a CXO minus one and to a certain extent even up to a VP and a 
SVP level, we are good barring about three or four positions when we really start hitting across 
the INR20,000 crores mark. 
So we are fine on that field and the nano and the LAP business that requires significant beefing 
up which we will do as we… and we will always plan a nine to 12 months in advance so the 
structure we have made in LAP and nano it is good for about 1500-1700, the moment we touch 
the 1,000 we will start planning for the next 2500-3000. That's how we think, that's how we 
aligned the distribution model. Head office obviously more or less is a scale game 
Rohit: 
In terms of provision buffer and capital buffer, you can talk about. 
Ashish Damani: 
Yes. I will respond to that and I will just add to what Shalabh was saying, while he touched upon 
about that point in a passing but the guys who were sitting here Ajay, Vishal, Shriraj each one 
of them have handled anywhere between INR6,000 crores to INR9,000 crores individually 
Vishal was heading an institution where he was managing about INR28,000-INR30,000 crores.  
So we do have that experience which is required to get to the level. In terms of buffers on the 
balance sheet we follow ECL we are under the IND-AS and we follow the ECL guidelines so it 
is predominantly driven by the PDs that you have in the business and doing any counter cyclical 
is not very friendly that way. 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 40 of 43 
 
At some stage we will definitely look at bringing in management overlays because once you 
bring them in you need to continue to, your balance sheet needs to continue to support whatever 
decisions or whatever toggles you build, so that's why not at this point in time but at some stage 
we will look at that aspect. 
Rohit: 
But isn't it basically the right time to build those kind of counter cyclical buffers because I think 
you speak to any other NBFC, MFI, SFB everybody is talking about building the buffers now. 
And not maybe at the later stage because this is where basically we are making almost like 5% 
kind of an ROAs, so why at later stage? 
Ashish Damani: 
So we have already moved to 70% in terms of doing our provision coverage ratio, we do have 
decent amount of provisioning on our SMA buckets. We do have reasonable amount of 
provisioning and we are an institution which is looking at this very closely the moment it moves 
into 60% we are holding about 43% provisioning on the asset so it is in a way already built into 
the structure right now. 
And if I have to really look at the portfolio from a static pool perspective, I think we are very 
comfortable right now but I do hear your point as you are growing and go to INR28,000 crores 
there have to be more buffers which should be planned. And we will look at them at an 
appropriate stage. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
On the provisioning and safety side be rest assured we will be a step ahead. The 50 to 70 when 
we went nobody pushed us or prodded us, in fact if you see our history it was the third quarter 
of our taking in first quarter, we wrote off we waited for two quarters. We were at 50% the third 
quarter we jumped to 50%, so the third quarter of us coming in we straight away went into a 
70% we are always a step ahead. So this is something that is the conservative side of us, at any 
given point in time this is not something that you will find us lacking at any given point in time. 
Ashish Damani: 
In fact I think you should look at our last quarter’s results. We have also disclosed anything 
which we are taking from the legacy period charges or whatever have also been provided. We 
are not keeping it on the balance sheet as if it is not needed to be addressed. So that is something 
we have been doing and we moved from 55 to 70 just to complete that point which Shalabh was 
making. We also have introduced a policy on write off which was not there where anything 
which moves into 365 we are going ahead and taking the balance 30% as a hit on the P&L. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Next? 
Analyst: 
Good evening. So my question is on LAP, so your customers of LAP are usually self-employed 
and salaried individuals. So how do you procure fresh customers like how the data comes in like 
is it a cost per acquisition or cost per lead kind of a model or you basically buy the data or some 
internal kind of referencing? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Our construct of the LAP and Nano has nothing to do with microfinance. It is a separate set of 
people, separate branch separate geography independent merit of the geography and the locality 
drives our decision to operate in that location. In fact the Chief Business Officer you heard him 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 41 of 43 
 
Sushanta Tripathi. He looks after only those two lines, we have no ambition to cross sell LAP 
into microfinance or vice versa. 
If at all it happens it will be less than 1% or 2% and it will be by accident not by design. Now to 
your specific question, we feel that we did a significant amount of interaction you know, some 
research going out into these markets. This is the segment which is the so called missing 
middle… as in the banks don't really treat them because it is too low for them our average tickets 
are about INR4.5 lakhs. INR4.5 lakhs loan against property is too low for them. 
So most of the people tend to ignore it, so hence we thought for this profile of customers this is 
a good business to be in. Let us test this out and the initial results were very good and hence we 
decided to scale it up. We will go into and there are enough and more geographies across the 
towns of India we are still in the semi-urban and the lower part of the urban so this is still the 
bottom of the pyramid of the urban or the semi-urban mid-segment. 
These are not deep rural villages like our micro-finance business, it is a different market our 
sense is that our risk appetite is good for about INR4-INR6 lakhs kind of a ticket size and in the 
Nano enterprise from INR60,000 to INR1,20,000, that’s the range that we will operate in. Both 
the businesses have tremendous opportunity and that’s how we are going to scale it up. 
Analyst: 
And what is your conversion percentage of logins in LAP? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
27%-28% industry is at about 40% but we are not the industry yet we have still to walk our steps 
and we are very cautiously going step by step we are at 27% with almost about 70% to 73% 
rejections we are fine, we will go step by step. And we will kind of take our journey ahead. 3 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Any last question? 
Anil Tulsiram: 
Thank you. Again on the insurance part see for, touchwood if any unfortunate event happens in 
the next three, four, five years any black swan event. There are only two ways to protect it, first 
you take insurance, second you create counter cyclical provisions. We are not doing either, so 
in what way we are protecting ourselves for the next black swan event if it happens? 
Shalabh Saxena: 
While Ashish answered, we have a very good understanding of how this insurance product 
works. Our experience and while Ashish mentioned 1.5, we did lot of calculations during Covid 
because this product was available then also. For the premium that you pay and if your loss rates 
are 1.5% to 2% this product does not work. We have done enough and more research on this and 
we can have a separate discussion outside of this, we have done lot of and we came to a point of 
signing in our previous organization and we dropped it off because two, three reasons. 
 
One, is the premiums are high. Two is it helps only when your loss rates are much-much higher, 
which is the situation that you are mentioning in. Now ultimately somebody has to pay which is 
the customer in this case obviously you will not, you try explaining this to the customer, it is a 
bit of a challenge number one, because it adds to your premium. So there is already a credit 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 42 of 43 
 
shield which you are taking from the customer and the spouse in a microfinance. We insure two 
lives, the member which is the lady and the spouse of the lady. 
After that… the premiums are very heavy and there are lot of ifs and buts forget whether you 
get how much claims you get, I mean it’s a whole long process that goes through. We have gone 
through that cycle, been there, done that we can kind of happy to, now, that you have raised it 
and I am sure there is a decent enough reason we will definitely go and see if there is a… if 
something has changed, the exercise that we took a couple of years back when Covid was at it's 
peak. 
There were many suggestions even before the Covid-1 hit, after the Covid-1 hit, somebody said 
and we kind of went into the detail, it didn't work out at that point in time. Assuming a BAU of 
2% loss if 4%-5% loss is there, then it is useful then it becomes useful but at that time we didn't 
do it we will be happy to have a look at it. 
Ashish Damani: 
I will also add see what are we saying, microfinance yes there are events which happen, external 
events and where there are challenges which will erupt. But if you look at the way we are going 
to build business, no state will have more than 12%. So we are trying to diversify because 
whenever there is a hit or an event it is not that you know, if there is an event like Covid, it is a 
different thing but otherwise it is geography specific or state specific normally. 
Unless it is an external event if you look at the customer's intent that has been solid. We have 
seen this in the industry across institutions that the repayment rates are good. Although it used 
to be 1% now the industry is talking about 2% or so that's part one. Second part is we have talked 
about our balance sheet we will always maintain 25% or over 25% in terms of capital adequacy. 
This is just to add to the point sir was asking earlier. 
The third thing is, see in this business till you can tell the customer that we are there for you 
whenever you need loan, then you are sorted because they have an intent. And you have an intent 
that you will continue the business, so for that we are ensuring that we are highly liquid as well. 
Look at our balance sheet at any stage in any quarter, we have been maintaining more than 
INR1,500 crores of liquidity. 
That would mean my repayments to the banks of two months or so and my cost if I have to look 
at. Our internal policy is by the way you know one months of bank repayments and three months 
of operating cost however we are much above that. We have been maintaining 3x, 4x or whatever 
is required right now. And we will always be like that because in microfinance like you are 
rightly putting out, these are the measures which will come very handy when there is an event 
outside. 
Shalabh Saxena: 
Right. I think we have already overshot on time. Thank you very much, you can take the 
questions while we are moving around. One last request I have and this is a very special one 
while we will open up. So when you go out obviously after this we will open the bar and dinner 
is on. As you are going out, just as a token of appreciation for the time that you have spent, we 

 
Spandana Sphoorty Financial Limited 
 
 
December 11, 2023 
 
Page 43 of 43 
 
have procured our borrowers Madhubani paintings which are as you go out you will have our 
team members kind of hand it over to you. Please take it and go. Don't leave it, is our request. 
These have been carefully our customers did a great job in about 20-25 days they have kind of 
dished out those paintings. As you go, please take them. And do remember us. Thank you for all 
the support. Thank you for coming and spending time with us. Thank you very much. 
Emcee thanks the audience and closes the event. 
 
***** 
