 
 
Ref: OAL/BSE/NSE/100/2023-24 
 
16th November, 2023 
 
To 
To 
The Manager
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services,
Listing Department,
BSE Limited,
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Phiroz Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001                      Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400 051
Scrip ID     : OAL
Symbol: OAL
Scrip Code: 500078
Series   : EQ
 
Sub: Transcript of conference call with the Institutional Investors/Analysts 
 
With reference to our letter dated 03.11.2023, intimating about the conference call with the 
Institutional Investors/Analysts on Friday, 10th November, 2023 at 01.00 p.m. to discuss the 
Financial Performance of the Company for the quarter & half year ended 30th September, 2023, 
please find attached herewith transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
Further, 
the 
copy 
of 
the 
same 
is 
also 
uploaded 
on 
Company’s 
website 
i.e. 
www.orientalaromatics.com  
 
Kindly take the information  on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully 
For Oriental Aromatics Limited 
 
 
Kiranpreet Gill 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered Office: 133, Jehangir  Building,  2nd  Floor,  M.G.  Road, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India. 
T  +91-22-66556000 / 43214000   F  +91-22-66556099   E oa@orientalaromatics.com   CIN L17299MH1972PLC285731 
    www.orientalaromatics.com 
Kiranpreet Kaur Gill
Digitally signed by Kiranpreet 
Kaur Gill 
Date: 2023.11.16 15:48:30 +05'30'

Oriental AromaƟcs Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 10, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Oriental AromaƟcs Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all parƟcipant lines will be in the listen only mode. And it will be. For you to ask 
quesƟons aŌer the presentaƟon concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touch tone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Thakkar from Valorum Advisors. Thank you and 
over to you, Sir. 
Amit Thakkar: 
Thank you. Good aŌernoon, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Amit 
Thakkar from Valorem Advisors. 
On behalf of the company. I'd like to thank you all for parƟcipaƟng in the company's earnings 
call for the 2nd Quarter and the 1st Quarter of the Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, let me menƟon a short cauƟonary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainƟes, which could cause actual results to diﬀer from those 
anƟcipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumpƟons made 
by informaƟon currently available to management. Audiences are cauƟoned not to place any 
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and to make any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and ﬁnancial quarter under review. 
Now, let me introduce you to the management parƟcipaƟng with us in today's Earnings Call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks. We have with us, Mr. Dharmil Bodani -- Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Shyamal Bodani, ExecuƟve Director, Mr. Girish Khandelwal -- Chief 
Financial Oﬃcer; Mr. Parag Satoskar -- Chief ExecuƟve Oﬃcer and Ms. Kiranpreet Gill -- 
Company Secretary. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. Dharmil Bodani to start with his opening remarks. 
Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you so much, Amit. Good aŌernoon, everybody. It is a pleasure to welcome you to the 
Quarter 2 Earnings Conference Call of Oriental AromaƟcs Limited. 
Wishing you ﬁrstly and all your families a very Happy Diwali. 

The quarter that has gone by has shown some very interesƟng opportuniƟes for us in our 
Fragrance and Flavor division. Where we conƟnue to win new business from exisƟng customers 
and acquire new customers in all markets that we operate in. However, the Camphor Terpene 
Chemicals Division, as well as the Specialty Aroma Ingredients businesses, are sƟll experiencing 
severe pressure on both pricing and demand. We have received our volume indicaƟons for the 
First Half of 2024 from our customers and the volumes received in the RFQs are much beƩer 
across the board than H2-2023 numbers. Although the pressure on pricing does conƟnue. 
However, we would like to menƟon that in all the global RFQs that we are parƟcipaƟng in, we 
are parƟcipaƟng not only with a larger number of products, but we are also parƟcipaƟng with 
larger volumes and bidding for an improvement from our last RFQ which in our opinion is 
extremely signal. 
The Baroda facility had a signiﬁcant slowdown in producƟon this quarter. This was due to 
planned slowdown in producƟon done at the start of the quarter and a planned annual boiler 
maintain and shut down that was taken in the month of August. This led to a double-digit drop-
in producƟon at this site in the quarter. However, we are glad to inform you that this reducƟon 
in producƟon has not resulted in a drop in sales. This actually helped us achieve the objecƟve 
of opƟmizing the inventory at the site. The Bareilly plant producƟon was at full capacity and in 
line with last. And the sales from the site showed a healthy double-digit growth. However, 
proﬁtability sƟll remains a massive challenge due to pressure on pricing for all products in the 
Camphor and Specialty Chemical space. This part of the business will conƟnue to stay under 
pressure for the next few quarters is what we believe. The CAPEX plans though, downsized by 
a bit to ensure sustained proﬁtability across all sides, conƟnue to stay on track. The 
hydrogenaƟon facility at Baroda has been opƟmized and will be commissioned in Q4 2023-
2024. The Mahad investment stays on track on both Ɵmelines and budget. 
Now I request Mr. Girish Khandelwal – our CFO, to give you the ﬁnancial highlights. Over to you 
Girish. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Thank you very much Dharmil. I would like to welcome you all to the conference call. On a 
consolidated basis in Q2 FY24, the operaƟng income for the quarter was Rs. 227 crores, which 
increased marginally by approximately 3% on a year-on-year basis and 16% on 1/4 on quarter 
basis. EBITDA was Rs. 11 crores with EBITDA margins reported at 4.85%. Net proﬁt aŌer tax was 
Rs. 2.4 crores while pet margins were 1.06% on a consolidated basis for the ﬁrst half of a by 24. 
The operaƟng income was. 423 crores, which declined by about 7% on year-on-year basis. And 
EBITDA was Rs. 12 crores with EBITDA margins reported at 2.84%. We had a loss reported of 
Rupees 3.6 crores. Lastly, the net debt equity is .33 as on 30th September 23 and cash proﬁt in 
H1A524 stood at 6.20 crore. With this, we can now open the ﬂoor for quesƟon-and-answer 
session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The ﬁrst quesƟon is from the line of Guneet Singh from CC IPL. Please go ahead. 

Guneet Singh: 
So, I've been looking at the current condiƟon of prices that you're relaƟng, but you menƟoned 
that the demand for our products has been fairly well. But I mean looking at the condiƟon right 
now, what do we expect for H2 to be like in terms of, say the margins, I mean have the margins 
boƩomed out or can we expect the margins to go down further and what is the outlook H2 in 
terms of top line and boƩom line looking at the current condiƟons? And going forward do you 
see any upƟck in prices or any demand or do we see any growth coming in next year because 
our revenues have been stagnant for the last many years? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yeah, product. 
Parag Satoskar: 
Guneet in terms of as Dharmil had menƟoned in his opening remarks, the demand as 
menƟoned essenƟally with our top customers, I think we are seeing that the volume 
requirements are much beƩer than what we were seeing in H2-2023 calendar so, that's a good 
sign. In terms of margins and in terms of pricing, I think we sƟll stay in a zone where the world 
is destocking, yes, that's phenomena is reduced. But at the same Ɵme, there's also because of 
cash ﬂow requirement, a lot of pressure on inventories. So, the customers are buying less. And 
hence there's too much of products following too many to less customers. And so, the pressure 
on pricing I think will conƟnue to stay. I think we're doing a lot of things internally to see if we 
can kind of shore up the margin for the next one or two quarters going forward. In terms of 
volumes, they look good in terms of pricing, they will challenge. We will have to wait and watch 
if there are certain opportuniƟes across certain products where we have the ability to get a 
beƩer pricing. In the meanƟme, we are doing a lot of work internally to see if we can opƟmize 
and. Improve our product. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next quesƟon is from the line of Nikhil from Perpetual Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil: 
Can you tell us more about what's happening in the aroma chemicals and camphor space? 
What is leading to this pressure, whether it is lower demand or higher compeƟƟve intensity 
from domesƟc or internaƟonal players? 
Parag Satoskar: 
So, I think. First, talking about Camphor the last 12 months has seen the compeƟƟve landscape 
in India changing a lot with new capaciƟes coming up. And those new capaciƟes are probably 
not in line with the growth in demand that is expected in the Camphor and the terpene 
chemicals piece in India. And so, the pressure on pricing, the pressure on proﬁtability will 
conƟnue in the coming quarters. In terms of aroma ingredients, I think we see two phenomena 
that are happening. I think the products which are based in the aroma ingredients based on the 
alpha pinene chemistry conƟnue to have a lot of price pressure because the pinning is available 
at a lower price. But at the same Ɵme, like I menƟoned in my previous answer, that the ability 
of the market to absorb material and keep it as inventories has reduced in the Western World 
because of the high cost of borrowing and we sƟll have certain residual destocking for criƟcal 
materials that's happening. So, in the pinning space, we see that the prices conƟnue to stay up 
to in the products that are based on crude and other non-pining based raw material imports, 

we are seeing that the prices have boƩomed out, the prices are at their lowest levels that we 
have seen. For many, many years. But there is a very liƩle scope of further downside, and based 
on the uncertainty in the market, if the prices of the feedstocks start going up, then we might 
see a turnaround. I think what is more criƟcal is to have a kind of a steady state of demand 
where the market is neither over buying nor under buying, so that we can then plan our 
producƟon, plan our procurement and have a steady state of margin. 
Nikhil: 
Understood. So, on the demand front, you know last 1-1.5 year. Dividing the market into two 
parts, one is, I think, consumer fragrances and the other one is ﬁne fragrances. I think Fine was 
struggling since COVID and now it is doing well, probably growing in double-digit while 
consumer did well in the earlier part of COVID and struggling since then. When do you see the 
demand situaƟon sort of normalizing where you are? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
We menƟoned we are seeing robust growth in our Fragrance labor division in terms of new 
product launches, in terms of new wins, in terms of acquiring new customers. So, I think that 
you know that side of the business seems to be seeing what we saw post in terms of 
development, in terms of launching of products. So, I believe that verƟcal is back. I think it's 
back and it's going to be in a steady state for a while. And the reason I say it's going to be steady 
state for a while is I believe that we are seeing on the fragrance and ﬂavor side the chemical 
prices raw material costs for us now are levels that makes it makes it sustainable to give long 
term pricing, etc., and cover maybe larger stocks of criƟcal materials while the prices are this 
way and this is with our Fragrance and Flavor division. Now on the aroma chemicals, both bulk 
and specialty, obviously the reacƟon is where the prices are currently under pressure. So, our 
goal as a company now is to focus on proﬁtable products, focus on more markets and in the 
long term we hope to increase our bulk specialty space and in terms of both volume and value. 
And we will look at chemical camphor and the product list very diﬀerently than we have in the 
past. 
Nikhil: 
Understood, understood. So, the last quesƟon is on the camphor side. As you said a lot of 
capaciƟes have come in, in the domesƟc market, which is leading to pressure. How does 
demand look like? Is it I mean growing year-on-year on the volume side and is it possible to 
how does the internaƟonal markets look like? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
As far as we are concerned, we are acƟve in the pharma space, in the internaƟonal market and 
that is stable. And on the on the demand side, I'll speak for Oriental AromaƟcs as far as we are 
concerned, in spite of the increased capacity and the pressure on the price we sƟll seem to be, 
as I've said in my opening statement, at full capacity at Bareilly. Our challenge there conƟnues 
to be only proﬁtability. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next quesƟon is from the line of Saket Saurabh, who's an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 

Saket Saurabh: 
Yeah, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. And at least there's some improvement now from Q1 to 
Q2. Hopefully the trend will improve. So, the ﬁrst quesƟon would be no, iniƟally a couple of 
quarters when we have asked what is the typical revenue mixed so you had suggested it was 
one-third across all three division. So, does that mix remain the same or has there been much 
lower contribuƟon from camphor now? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Firstly, the contribuƟon from camphor is not volume driven because the volumes are intact. 
There is pressure on the top line and the price. Now, having said that, absolutely the mix 
currently stays at one-third, one-third, one-third. And I think once all the expansions in Mahad 
and Baroda come into play, we are expecƟng the mix to change most deﬁnitely and that I will 
update you all in the future for sure. And I think we will see deﬁnitely the Speciality and bulk 
aroma chemical verƟcal seeing a larger contribuƟon in our balance. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Now coming to camphor, in camphor, are we gross margin posiƟve or even at GM level we are 
making a loss right now? 
Girish Khandelwal: 
We are posiƟve. 
Saket Saurabh: 
At EBITDA level, we are making loss in camphor. 
Girish Khandelwal: 
Currently, we are posiƟve. 
Saket Saurabh: 
if I look at the stable state, I think our margin used to be say 14% to 16% when I'm talking about 
EBITDA. So, now if I look at say these three divisions. So, will it be safe to assume that ﬁne 
fragrance, which is the one that is doing reasonably well, is now closer to this stable state and 
maybe the struggle is more in the second and of course Camphor is struggling. So, is that a fair 
assumpƟon? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, it's a fair assumpƟon. 
Saket Saurabh: 
So, from that standpoint, we will do everything. That Camphor is sƟll posiƟve because unless it 
is almost negaƟve on EBITDA front because our EBITDA is around what, 4% right now so, that 
was the point you know, are we sure that on EBITDA front we are posiƟve right now? 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Yes, we are 100%. So, we are on a posiƟve front on EBITDA. Absolutely. 
Saket Saurabh: 
Thanks for conﬁrming. Now coming to that, you talked about a couple of CAPEXs going live in 
Q4. So, when we say going live is it like the plant is operaƟonal or and the test batches will now 
start doing or we have got these test batches and all something that you have referred to are 
out of the window now full commercial orders will start geƫng dispatched. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
No, I think it's too early for that and it's too premature for me to answer that. I do believe that 
we will stay with the Ɵmelines to get into speciﬁcs of water trials, sampling, commercial. I don't 
have answers for you too. 

Saket Saurabh: 
More from a historical perspecƟve, if I recall from some of the input shared by earlier that it 
takes around six months for this thing to at least get in some shape geƫng these trial batches 
and approvals from client is that a fair assessment. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As we have no further quesƟons, I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
Dharmil Bodani: 
Thank you all for parƟcipaƟng in this Earnings Conference Call. I hope you've been able to 
answer all your quesƟons saƟsfactorily. If you have any further quesƟons or would like to know 
more about the company, please reach out to our IR Managers at Valorum Advisors. We wish 
you a very happy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much very much. On behalf of Oriental AromaƟcs Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. And now you may disconnect your lines. Thank you. Thank 
you. 
