ave ClubMahindra
October 30, 2023
MHRIL/SE/23-24/72
National Stock Exchangeof India Limited
BSE Limited
ExchangePlaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block
Floor 25, PJ Towers,
Bandra-Kurla Complex
Dalai Street
Bandra (E), Mumbai- 400 051
Mumbai- 400 001
Symbol : MHRIL
Scrip Code: 533088
Dear Sir/Madam,
Sub:Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023
- Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI Listing Regulations”)
Ref: Our letter no. MHRIL/SE/23-24/64 dated October 13, 2023
This is in furtherance to our letter no. MHRIL/SE/23-24/64 dated October 13, 2023, wherein the
advanceintimation of the earnings conferencecall scheduled to be held on Monday, October23, 2023
with Several Funds/ Investors/ Analysts on thefinancial and operational performance of the Company
for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023 was submitted to the Stock Exchanges.
In compliance with the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015,
please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid conferencecall whichis also hosted on the website
of the Company www.clubmahindra.com.
Kindly take the sameonrecord.
Thanking you,
Yoursfaithfully,
For Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited
Dhanraj Mulki
General Counsel & CompanySecretary
Encl.: a/a
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited
Registered Office: Mahindra Towers,I" Floor,
“A’ Wing, Dr. G.M. Bhosale Marg,P.K. Kurne Chowk, Worli, Mumbai- 400 O18.
© investors@mahindraholidays.com
| @ +9] 22 6918 4722
| ® www.clubmahindra.com
| CIN: LSSIOIMHIS96PLC405715
DHANRAJ 
NARSAPPA 
MULKI
Digitally signed by 
DHANRAJ NARSAPPA 
MULKI 
Date: 2023.10.30 
14:58:28 +05'30'

a”BScree
‘Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited
Q2 & H1 FY 2024 Earmmings Conference Call”
October 23, 2023
ov
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAVINDER SINGH — MANAGING DIRECTOR &
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER — MAHINDRA HOLIDAYS
& RESORTS INDIA LIMITED
Mr. RAM MUNDRA
- INTERIM CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER - MAHINDRA HOLIDAYS & RESORTSINDIA
LIMITED
Page 1 of 18

avBScrcen
Moderator:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
Ladies and gentlemen, goodday and welcometo the Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited Q2 and H1 FY 2024 Eamings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant
lines will be in the listen-only mode andthere will be an opportunity for you to ask
questionsafter the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance duringthecall,
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone.Please note
that this conferenceis being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Kavinder
Singh, Managing Director & CEO for Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited.
Thank you andoverto you Sir!
Thank you, good eveningeveryone and a very warm welcometo our Q2 eamingscall.
On the call with me today we have Mr. Ram Mundra, our interim CFO. Youcan find
our quarterly results and investor presentation referred to in our remarks today on the
stock exchanges and our company website. I hope youall have had a chance to go
through them. Let me begin with talkinga little bit about the industry. At an industry
level Q2 it is a very similar trend from last quarter. Occupancy levels are getting
normalized at about 61% after reaching post-pandemic high of 71% in February 2023.
However, average ADRsof Rs.6500 to 6700are still trending significantly above pre-
pandemiclevels of Rs.6100. Domestic air passengertraffic grew by nearly 23% Y-o0-Y
in August 2023, and this is the sixth consecutive month that domestic airtraffic in the
country has surpassed pre-COVIDlevels. Majortourist hotspots in north India suffered
mass cancellations as vacationers opted to stay away from areas affected due to
unprecedented rainfall, landslide, and floods. At our resorts despite heavy rainfall and
landslides in Himachal and Uttarakhand whichaffected our resort operations but with
oursuperiorservice delivery, new immersive experiences, we have achieved 77% plus
occupancy versus 79% last year. Our resort income of Rs.70 Crores is up by 4% Y-o-Y,
andit is the highest ever in Q2. This quarter our memberadditions were robust and have
grown by 11% Y-o-Y to 4881 members. With this we havebeen ableto achieve highest
ever Q2 memberadditions. Our cumulative memberbasestandsat 289688 families, 85%
of whom are fully paid, membership sales value including upgrades at Rs.192 Croresis
up by 13% year-on-year and continuing the momentum and upgrades whichisbasically
due to our happy members. We haveachievedthe highest ever Q2 upgrades of Rs.47
Crores, whichis a growth of 15% year-on-year. Membership sales in this quarter have
increased the deferred revenue pool by Rs.53 Crores and now the deferred revenue
numberstands at Rs.5445 Crores. Our digital bookingsare at about 81%, 81% of our
booking happensonourdigital channels including the app. We are undergoinga digital
transformation to unlock the power of data through advanced analytics to improve
efficiencies and drive growth in memberspendscollections,referrals and upgrades.
Let metalka little bit about roominventory.In line with ourstrategic objectiveofrapidly
expanding our room inventory we aim to doubleourinventory base from 5000 to 10000
Page 2 of 18

 
4 ClubMahindra
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
keys by FY 2030 and currently we have 835 Crores of capexes underway forfive
Greenfield, Brownfield and acquisition projects with about 690 keys and two more
expansion of existing resorts will commence by Q4this year. This quarter we have
commenceda new Greenfield resort project of 152 keys at Theog. In Q1 FY 2024 we had
commenced one Greenfield project of 236 keys at Ganpatipule and completed the
acquisition of 72 keys resort inJaipur. We have ongoing expansionprojects at two resorts
which will add 230 keys, Kandaghat 72 key resort is being expanded by 185keysto
makeit 257 keysflagship resort. Assonora Goathird phase of construction wewill add
about 44 keys to make this 244 keys resort. In addition to this two more expansion
projects are expected to commence in Q4, and this will be the existing resort at
Puducherry by 62 keys to make it 187 keysresort and recently acquired Tree House
Jaipur Resort will be expanded by 54 keys to create 126 keys resort. Public private
participation as a route to expandinventory is a very big focusarea for us and wewill
continue to work with various state governments to identify opportunities in this regard.
Last year as you know we launched Janjehli resort in collaboration with Himachal
government. We are currently in discussions with Maharashtra governmentfor a resort
in Harihareshwar MTDC resort. We haveprincipal approval for the land parcel at Chilika
Lake, Odisha. We have signed a memorandum of understanding with Uttarakhand
governmentto develop four to five resorts with an investment of Rs.1000 Crores and
various other discussions are in pipeline. Our sustainability targets include carbon
neutrality by 2040 through EP 100, RE 100 andscience-based targets. Our Madikeri
resort is India’s first resort whichis netzero certified in net zero waste energy and water.
Fifteen of our resorts are now net zero waste to landfill. This quarter we added five
resorts in this category. Twelveof ourresorts are green resorts platinum certified by
IGBC. As far as solar poweris concerned, 500 kilowatt at Madikeri gotinstalled. Our
cumulative capacity went up to 6.2 megawatt across 25 resorts andthis is equivalent to
20% ofourtotal energy demand. In FY 2024 wewill take this to 11.7 megawatt and 40%
of ourtotal energy will be servedby solar. We recycled 360 millionlitres of water in H1,
which is 62% of the total water consumption by ourresorts.
Tam sure you havehad lookatthe financial highlights, but I will just run through very
quickly. Total income grew by 10% Y-o-Y and ended up at 333 Crores. Please note that
these numbers are excluding one-offs, and wewill talk about one-offs later. One-offs are
related to forex movements, andthey are not related to any operational one-offs thatis
anotherclarification. Resort incomeat Rs.70 Crores up by 4% Y-o-Y, EBITDA at 99
Crores 17% Y-o-Y, EBITDA margin at 29.6% up by 170 basis points on Y -o-Y basis,
profit before tax at 49 Crores 15% up and PBT marginat 14.8% up by 60 basis points
on Y-o-Y basis. Cash position has moved up to 1176 Crores as on September30, 2023.
The H1 numbers are all there with you,so I will not read out the H1 numbers. Holiday
club resorts, market challenges continue with the Russia-Ukraine war. Euribor 12 is
Page 3 of 18

 
4 ClubMahindra
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
trendinghigh at 4.14%, inflation is now at 4.3%, predicted to go downto 3% levelin
2024. The Finnish tourism has changed with COVID-19 and the Russia-Ukraine war.
Intemational segment is down but domestic tourism is up by 10% compared to pre-
COVIDlevels. If I were to look at HCR performance,timeshare sales has growndespite
thesituation that I mentionedoverthere it is because Finnish owners tend to buy second
homes,people love to buy second homes,but they are notable to afford second homes
becauseofthe high mortgagerates, so the timeshare sales are up, whichis a good sign
for us. This quarter we havea presence in Sweden,the spa hotel performance has been
impacted due to low occupancy and lower conferencing business in Sweden, Swedish
economyis in recession and that can be seen throughthe effects thatwe have seen in our
resort. Despite the current geopolitical situation and tough economic environment
Finnish spa hotels delivered occupancy muchhigherthan the local hotel industry. Of
course, the finance cost increased dueto rising Euriborrates. The input costs are being
well managed by HCR very well and HCR delivereda positive EBITDAof €1.6 million,
whichis a significant achievementgiven the situation on the ground. Travel sentiment
has been buoyant for domestic Finnish travelers during summerseason, and we are
monitoring the geopolitical situation closely and we will continue to implement cost
efficiency measures throughoutthe year.
If I were to look at the consolidated financial highlights excluding one-offs in Q2, our
incomeis up by 10% 675.8 Crores, EBTIDA at 149.7 Crores 10% up, EBITDA margin
at 22.1%, PBT at about 32.2 Crores. Again,I will not read the H1 numbers. To conclude
wesee a big opportunity, as you know Governmentof India has a vision to make India
a trillion dollar tourism economy by 2047, tourism promotionis taken up on a mission
mode, 50 newtourist destinations are being planned,therising high income households
whichare thetarget audience for us greater than Rs.27.5 lakhs are expected to be greater
than 3 Crores the households by 2030and webelievethat is a huge potential market for
us in India. From supply side also India is highly underpenetrated numberof leisure
branded roomsin India is nearly 28000 andthe overall branded room countis 1.6 lakhs
versus a city like Dubai which has 1.65 lakhs branded rooms and growing. Weat
Mahindra Holidaysare well poised to take advantageoftheleisure travel boom through
the strategies which are mentioned below, whichI will talk about, this will allow usto
take advantageof the growingdiscretionary income amongstaffluent homesand thereby
realizing the huge potential of our target marketin India. We will expand aggressively
and movefrom 5000 to 10000 roomsas we have mentionedearlier. Y ou can see thatit
is evident from the numberof projects which are underway. As we speak 835 Crores of
capex has been deployed for 690 rooms. As we expand the inventory rapidly the
expanded resort network will allow us to add new members whichwill lead to further
cash generation andthis cash will be again usedfor resort development.Thisis a virtual
cycle of the network that we have created. Going forward as the network expandsit is
Page 4 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Moderator:
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
very challengingto replicate the same by anyone. Accelerating member additionsin line
with rapidly growing inventory through expanding geographical reach, channelsales,
onsite referrals, and digital including remote sales channels. Wewill follow the product
portfolio approach to cater to different segments of customer. You know that we
launched a new product CMH15 last year and last quarter four-year product was also
launched. We will continue to monetizethe full potential of our 2.9 lah memberfamilies
and leverage our brand through an increase in referrals and upgrades and the
improvementin the spends of the members whentheyare holidayingat ourresorts. The
brand pool that is being created by the new immersive experiencesat resorts and the
diverse holidaying optionsthat are there, which will be further made more richerthrough
our expandedinventory network will actually help us acquire members ata fasterrate.
Our focus on accelerated room inventory addition, growing memberadditionswill help
us generate as I mentionedsufficient cash, create multiple annuity revenuestreams which
will help us to grow ourprofits and fund our expansion plans. As I mentioned earlier,
weare already ontherighttrack, we have accelerated our capex 835 Crores,five projects,
690 keys. Thank you for yourtime this evening. I now openthefloor for questions and
answers.
Thank you very much. Wewill now begin the question-and-answersession. Thefirst
questionis from theline of Ankit Kanodia from Smart SyncServices. Please go ahead.
Congratulations on goodset of numbers and thank you for taking my question. Sir my
first question is related to the PPP projects, which we are enteringinto anddiscussing
with several governments if you can give some more colourif you can explain on an
average say if the cost of the project is Rs.100 how muchis invested by goverment,
how much weare investing and on whatthings governmentinvest and how doweget,
if you can give more colourinto
that that will be very helpful Sir?
Thank you so much forthis very, very, insightful question. PPP projects are very good
wayofentering into the right location because mostof the governmenttourism properties
are in great locations. For example if you look at the Janjehli resort that is by the side of
a very beautiful river andfor us to on our ownto beable to source land, get approvals
and build it could have taken us much more time buttoday this beautiful resort actually
came to us, Himachal government askedusto bid for it, we bid and we wonand we have
this resort operational in nine monthsprecisely. So great location, time to market and
this is on a long-term lease. So,
the beauty of some of these modelsis these are long-
term lease models, typically lease rental kind of model so you haveto obviously outbid
your opponents and the most importantthingis that we have an advantageof being able
 
to fill up the even backof beyond
tourist destinations, so that gives usthe strength to be
able to go andbid for these properties. The other model on PPPisto take land on long-
Page 5 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
term lease say 90-year lease andbuild a very large resort. This is what we are trying to
do in Chilika in Odisha and that is whatwill give us the entry in Odishaso our aim is to
pick up land parcels through the PPP route where wecan build andsince they are lands
given by governmentto usourability to get approvals is faster and we can getgoing.
The government also provides the necessary support. As I mentioned the government
has declared tourism in mission modestate governments also feel that this is a great way
to get a certain amountof tourist inflow into their destinations which they wouldlike to
promote, which helps the local economy and by the way I mentioned Uttarakhandis
very, very keento drive tourism further and we signed an MOU.We haveidentified the
five locations where we wantto build resorts and we have committed to invest 1000
Croresat the very minimum the momentthosesites are identified and handedoverto us
and obviously weare looking for single window approvals,etc., so it actually is quite a
win-winfor the governmentas well as for any player who wants to enter into this area.
The only thingis that I do not know aboutother players but for us the big advantage is
that weare ableto fill these resorts whereverthey maybelocated. Thank you.
Thank you so muchSir. That was very helpful. Onefollowup question related to that.
Onethingis, is this only on this model or in someother projects we also work where
government ownseverything?
As I said the Janjehli project was half done so we did a small amountof refurb, brought
it to our standards and we havea long-term lease with the government.So there are times
when goverment wants usto take over properties which may not be in good shape
because they may not have beenable to munit, they may not have got the occupancies,
tourism development properties, so if we are able to identify such properties, see a
business case where we putin moneyto bring it to our standards andthen runit for the
specified numberofyears.
Excellent. Any colour on the competition on these kind of projects, how long you see
the competition in these projects?
Seein these kind ofprojects I would say that the organizedsectoris not very, very let us
say prevalentto the best of my knowledgethatI haveseen, butyes there are unorganized
players who wouldlike to enterin this field. It could befirst time hospitality player as
well becauseall you haveto dois to be able to demonstrate that you will be bringing in
sufficient capital and delivering onthe promise, most of them comewith certain timeline
in which you haveto get the project going. So if you are a company which has the
reasonable credentials and you can convincethatyou will have the capability to complete
the project those people would beeligible, but then again it depends on you could be
eligible to bid, but then would you beableto start in the next two or whatever number
Page6 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Ankit Kanodia:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
of years that they wantthe projectto be started. So, I am assuming that governmentis
keeping an eye onall these things and of courseit is a transparent bidding process so
technically anyone with certain level of credentials can bid, but as I said I see more
unorganized players in someof the bids than organized players.
Whatcould bethe reason for less organized players if you have any in your mind your
understanding?
Sometimes even amongstthe organized players you would knowthattheir focus is on
thecity side hotels and ourfocusis ontheleisure. So, the only reason I am ableto figure
out is that the focus largely for most of the players probably organized players is city
versusleisure and the other could beif it is a very offbeat destination how do you ensure
that you will be ableto deliver the occupancies and thendelivertheleaserentals that you
are promisingto the government.
Gotit one last questionif I may,this last questionis relatedto I think you have been with
the company for over a decade nowI guessif I am not wrong somewhere around 2014
or 2015 you joined andthe product which youare selling is basically a product where in
general we understandthat consumerin India is more of a compulsivetraveler and the
product which you sell is where we haveto plan in advance so do you see anyshift or
more and more peopleare willing to plan in advanceare youseeingthatshift, you have
now 10 years data with youis that change happeningorare youstill some distance away
to reach that stage where people are okay book in advance I hope you understood my
question?
Just give me an idea why did you talk about 10 years, why did you take 10 year as a
reference?
Because | believe 10 years back there would be more people who would be having
grievancesof not getting a room rather than today or that grievancesof not getting a
room because I am assuming that more and more people members of Club Mahindra
would be bookingin advancefor any destination that they will be wanting to?
So, onethingis for sure that the culture of planning is definitely increasing that I can
confirm to you I have seen that, and it is largely because you have to make other
arrangements. If you are planningto travel by air, you dodefinitely get advantageif you
plan early. However,if you are planningto travel by road you could be impulsive. Y ou
may not want to plan so much.So there are two kindsof travelers, one whotake long
distance journeys they definitely plan and thatis definitely in line with our business
model as well but howeverthere are a set of people who are impulsive and whowill
wake upthe last minute and they will try to see whether they can get a booking we do
Page 7 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Ankit Kanodia:
Moderator:
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
see such kindof people because they wantto drive. So, I would say that the only thing
whichis certain now is that people are taking more frequent vacations than what they
did earlier. If people took once a year vacation, today peopleare talkingat least three to
four vacations, but shorter ideally if they can drive away,butthisis the trend that we see
in the city kind of a catchmentareas but there is a lot of India whichis actually not in
metros andtheirtravel patterns could beslightly different, they may take longerholidays
and they may be quite open to evenflying and so we see a mixhere if I may say.
Thank you so muchSir. Thank you so muchforall detailed answers andall the best for
the coming quarters.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Himanshu Shah from Dolat Capital.
Please go ahead.
Thank you Sir. Thanksfor the opportunity. Sir first if you can just highlight the reason
for drop in occupancy because this, we are computing onoperational inventory so I
believe they should not havethe impactof floods in Himachal and Uttarakhand,orthe
occupancy levels are including the roomsof Himachal and Uttarakhand?
Yes, I think Himanshu whenwetalk operational inventory, we do not excludetheresorts
whichare operational otherwisebut had to be facing the brunt of low occupancy dueto
last minute cancellations. We cannot removefrom the denominator the room nights that
were available to be used but could not be used becauseofthe rains and landslides. When
wetalk of operational if a resort has been taken for shutdownfor a renovation forlet us
say two monthsandthatis not operational that is by design butif yourresort is ready,
you havepeople and you have bookingsandif people do not comethenit is very clear
that resort was operational and therefore occupancyis on operational room nights.
This is fairly clear thank you. Sir second thing memberretirals has been significantly
higherthis quarter almost 1200 plus members any specific reason forthis or if you can
just provide some colour on memberretirals expectancy in H2 and in FY 2025 because
weshould be havinga fair colour onthat particular part?
Retirals happen when products finish theirlife, there could be a 10-year product, there
could be a go zest product, so there will be someretirals but one of the reasons we do
not give any forward-looking projections is because weare constantly trying to get
people to buy another membershipso oneoftheinitiatives that we havestarted is to get
people to buy a second membershipas their first membership expires or even extendthe
membershipso there is a constanteffort to see if you can holdonto the people who have
enjoyed your promise. In a base of 289000it is a very small number which is you may
Page 8 of 18

avBScrcen
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
say has retired becauseI would not considerit significant on a total base of 290000 odd
now that we have, andit is insignificant I can confirm that much.
Just the net numberaddition and trend continuesto hover around15, 17000 runrate only
and that is the only reason from where I was coming from?
I think you haveto keep one thing in mind that we alwaysrelease the net number 4881
that we havereleased that is truly the net number. The cumulative numberwill have
someretirals in a business,it is a tenure product when peopleretire out of that tenure I
would notlike to call this as gross net the way telecom does this is not chum this is
someonehasdelivered you the membershipfee,finished his tenure, paid you your annual
fee, enjoyed yourresorts and retiring so to my mind | would notcall this as a chum-
churn.Whateverlittle chum wehaveis already factored in when werelease the number
of 4881 so my request to you Himanshu wouldbepleaselookat the additions which are
net additions which werelease every quarter, and they are on identical basis. Yes,
cumulative number will have few retirals whichis the nature of the product, we will try
to obviously get more and more of them to stay butthis is what I would sort of look at
in termsof understandingthe business.
Sure Sir quite helpful and last thing if you can just help in terms of NPV per memberor
profitability wise is the shorter tenure more beneficial or ROI wiseoris it the medium
tenure whichis like 10 and 15 year productor it is 25 year whichis more profitable
because whatweare seeing whenexcluding upgradeit lookslike that our value per new
memberistilting on the lowerside, earlierwe were having only 25 year productnow we
are having multiple lifecycle productso in that backdrop if you can just provide some
color on ROIorprofitability for members onthe various products?
I think in a businesslikethisit is very, very difficult to do profitability per member. The
reasonis very, very simple because the membernot only pays membership fee pays us
the annual fee, comesto theresorts and providesusthe food andspa margins.So,it will
be avery, very complexexercise if we were to do it andit will be for the entire lifetime
value of the memberthat wewill haveto take it and then probably do discounting on the
cash flows, projected cash flowsand ofcourse those things can change dependingon the
price increases that wewill undertake on F&B etc. So, there are multitude of factors to
take as the value per member, butat a very simple level I can confirm to you that these
smaller tenure products on a per room night basis are more profitable for us and for a
customerit still makes sense to take a longer tenure product becauseit is per night room,
nightbasis, itis cheaper. Havingsaid thatit is a good ideato do portfolio strategy because
in a way think aboutit, evenif you are a shorter tenure memberitis a prepaid salesitis
a guaranteed sale. The memberhas paid the money, memberwill cometo holiday, you
Page 9 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
will get your F&B revenue and wehaveseen the smaller tenure products people also
spenda little more in the resort because they tend to be younger, and they tend to sort of
spend andlet us say splurge little more. So, imagine if you have sold a four-year
productor a three-year product, you are in a way getting not only your roomspreblocked
many people will comeand they will come and spend moneyatthe resorts and holiday
activities. Y oungerlot, they are little heavier consumers than the middleorlittle older
customer cohort. So,I seeit as in a way prepaidsales of the room inventory in the form
of a membership whichis shortertenure, butit also creates a funnel for upgrades. Some
of them are upgrading into a higher tenure and someof them are buying anothershorter
tenure membershipat zero cost. We have seen peoplethey finish a three-year and they
wantto buy anotherthree-year because they feel that
they may not be in the country,
they may go out somewhere, whateverthey will be having whatever considerations. So,
for us being able to reduce our cost of acquisition and you may havenoticed that we
have reduced ourcostof acquisition significantly overthe last few years andlotof this
has comethrough because weare trying to create a frictionless joumey for our customer
to stay with us and keep enjoying, keep upgrading. Now upgradesare atan all timehigh
and by the way upgrades are an add on to the membership revenue that is why wetreat
them as a part of average unit realization because the upgrades comeat a lowercost and
 
they are actually membershipsales, just that it is a
delayed sales of a higher order
product.
Gotit Sir, very, very helpful for this detailed explanation. So just one last question if I
can, If you can provide somecolour on how many roomswill get added, wehavegiven
the capexpipeline andthe projects which are there in the pipeline, but maybethere could
be some delay here and there becauseof approvals or someother on groundissues but if
you can provide somecolour like out of the 690 rooms which are underpipeline and
otherstuff which we wouldbe having whatkindof room additions we can expect maybe
in H2 for 2024 whichwill get operationalize in FY 2025?
Typically, you have seen ourrun rate of roomsin the last year. Our aim would beto beat
that run rate and weare well on our way. Seethe reasonI started giving now capex and
the Greenfield or the expansion so that you know how manyprojects are underway, so
somewill comethis year, somewill come next year obviously and whateverwill come,
will comein a lumpy fashion. Suddenly you will find 100 rooms added because key
projects got completed. Of course, we havea roughestimate in our mind whenthey will
comeso that is why I am very confident that wewill be delivering at a run rate higher
than what wehave deliveredin the last year. So on room additions Himanshu the good
newsis because weare looking at 5000 to 10000 that should now not bethe worry of
investors because wehave a very aggressive plan of adding inventory much more than
ever before and as we speak lot of conversations are going on for even acquisition or
Page 10 of 18

Vv€
4 ClubMahindra
&
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Himanshu Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Himanshu Shah:
Moderator:
Nemish Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Nemish Shah:
Ram Mundra:
Nemish Shah:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
buying landsor breaking groundsoon,sothere is going to be a constantactivity here and
forget falling behind weare going to be runningaheadin termsof the room inventory
that weare very confident now.
Thatis very, very helpful and highly appreciates the increased disclosures overthe last
couple of quarters and last 2-3 years. Thank you. Thanksa lot. Thatis it from myside.
Himanshudid you notice the deferred revenue growth that wehave highlighted in our
investor deck?
Y es 53 Crores deferred revenue growth.
Yes, that is in the quarter, but also sees the trend. Wehavein the investor deck issued
out a trend on the deferred revenue howit is movingup.
Yes, Sir I have seen that. Congratulations for the same. Thank you.
Thenext question is from the line of Nemish Shah from Emkay Investment Managers.
Please go ahead.
Thanksfor this opportunity and congratulations on good numbers. So, I had a question
on HCRso I was just going to the cash flow statement, and I could see we have done
some capex of about 115 Croresin HCRsoif you couldjust highlight are we expanding
or adding this part there?
Capex investmentof 115 Crores in HCR.To the bestof our knowledge this numberis
notavailable in the cash flow could youtell us where did you pick up this?
I just subtracted the consolidated and
the standalone numbers.
Capex numbers are largely in standaloneso we mun a different modeloverthere andall
ourconstruction is a trade in inventory and not the capex one, so maybe wecan take
offline and which numberyou are referring to and we can explain youthat.
Okaysobasically there is no capex
that we are doing in HCR.
So just to confirm the business model ofholiday club is to create inventory whichis
 
setting in current assets and then they make the product, and it will get parked as
inventory, and they keep selling the weeks. In our case whatever webuild is a capital
expenditure andsits on our booksas an assetfor them itis not a fixed asset it is a current
asset.
Page 11 of 18

avBScrcen
Nemish Shah:
Moderator:
Hrishikesh:
Ram Mundra:
Hrishikesh:
Ram Mundra:
Hrishikesh:
KavinderSingh:
Hrishikesh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
Gotit. I will takethis offline.
Thank you. The nextquestionis from theline of Hrishikesh from Kotak. Please go ahead.
Hi good evening. Thank youfor the opportunity. Just taking the earlier question forward
if I look at the cash flow onthe standalone there is fair bit of investment in subsidiaries,
I think it is 44 Croresif I look at it in the investment,is it largely investment in HCRO?
We explained that the 72 room resorts which weacquired in Q1 of this year that was in
one of the subsidiary companies and acquisition has been doneby infusion of equity
from parent company which is MHRIL.
This has nothing to do with HCRO?
No,nothingto do with HCRO.
Secondly this room expansionplan that we have whatis the kind of capex do weenvisage
say for FY 2024 as wellas overthe next 2-3 years?
Again, we donotput out these numbers. Obviously if we have to build 5000 roomsor
create 5000 roomsoverthe next seven years it will entail significant capital investment
because our strategy is to build Greenfield resorts, expand existing resorts and take
resorts on lease and even do acquisitions andif there is someonewhoiswilling to build
resorts for us, build the resorts to suit our requirements, so it is a mix. So depending on
how the mixwill play out, the capex will evolve butsufficientit is to say that you can
see already we have about 835 Crores ofcapexat play of courseit will get not finished
in this year somepart will flow overto the next year and wewill be again breaking new
groundand therefore more capex will get deployed, so capex will be suited to the needs
of the business rather than making a broaderstatementthatthis is the capex that we want
to do but you can make rough assumption thatif you are putting 5000 keys andlet us
say we wantto do a large part of that through the Greenfield or expansionroute you can
make an assumption that 1.1 Crores per key would bethe kind of a capex outlay if you
wantto build it in your modeling.
Thank you. The last question from my endnowit has been fair bit of time that we have
launchedshorter tenure products for memberaddition, how should welookin sensethat
whatever the memberaddition wehaveseen overthe last six months or one year what
proportion of that member addition will be on the shortertenure if you can provide some
coloron that, that will be helpful? Thank you.
Page 12 of 18

avBScrcen
KavinderSingh:
Hrishikesh:
Ram Mundra:
Moderator:
Senthil Manikandan:
KavinderSingh:
Senthil Manikandan:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
Onthe previousquestion I wanted to answeryouthat whenyouare doingthis calculation
of 5000 keys, please do not multiply 5000 by 1.1 becauseall the keyswill not be of our
own,they will be a mix ofleasethatis the only point I wanted to say. Now coming back
to the shorter tenure question it is avery simple productportfolio strategy shorter product
helps us to get more people to sample ouroffering and then decide whetherthey wantto
convert that into a longer tenure product, which is what we aim. As I mentioned on a per
room nightbasis the shorter product is more expensive from a consumer standpoint and
therefore our aim would be to get more and more people to moveinto the longer tenure
product, so wedo notrelease the information of how many shorter tenure product we
sold. Itis like a product wisesalesdata is not available in public domain but I can confimm
to you that majority of our memberbasetodaystill is a long tenure product and on
incremental basis if you take long tenure products starting from 10 years becauseI would
consider 10 years as a long tenure product,it is not short tenure, so 10 year, 15 year, 10
year is bliss, 15 year is 15 year, 25 is 25, even today the longer tenure productis in
majority comparedto the shorter tenure product.
Thank you.Thatis helpful.
Just to answer your previous question on consolidated cash flow this 199 Crores the
breakup of 200 Croresis like this 85 Crores weinvested out of standalone, you can see
the 85 Crores in our standalone cash flow the balance 110 odd Croresis the acquisition
whichwehavedonein oneof our subsidiary companytheJaipurresorts so this amounts
to make 200 Croresthere is no capex in HCRO.
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Senthil Manikandan from iThought
PMS.Please go ahead.
Thefirst question in respect to your plans in constructing 3 five to sevenstar hotels in
Vishakhapatnam with a capexof close to around 750 odd Crores in Andhra Pradesh so
whatis the plan overthere if you can just explain?
So, as we have mentioned this happened in October and we have approached the Andra
governmentto be ableto investin three resorts outlining a capital investment of about
750 Crores and again the landis being identified to see how wecan build presence in
Andhra andthat is whatever you picked up in the newsarticle that is whatit was all
about. It is again a PPP modelthat I havetalked earlier.
In terms ofoperating metrics overnext two years, so if you can share some targets that
youhavefor holiday club resorts?
Page 13 of 18

avBScrcen
KavinderSingh:
Senthil Manikandan:
KavinderSingh:
Senthil Manikandan:
KavinderSingh:
Senthil Manikandan:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
So operating matrices are for the intemal consumption. What wereleased in the public
domainis the financial matrix as far as HCR is concerned. Part of the reasonis it is a
very unique and a very different business model compared to ours so there the focus is
on value, whatis the value sales whichis the turnoverof timeshare,etc., tumoverof spa,
etc. Hotels, these are the matrices that we used and of course how they managetheir
costs and how do they deliver us the EBITDA whichisall there in the public domain
and generally that is what we track internally because there it is very important to see
everything in value terms because the underlying currency is Euro and weneed to
understand at least at the value level what is happening there and that is what we are
focused on. If you ask me what I am focused on I am focused on growing the tumover
of timeshare andspahotels. I am focused oncostefficiencies; I am focused on EBITDA
and EBITthatis the focus with which weworkwith them.In that process will they open
up new timeshare destinations? Y es, that is the core business for them and how many
weeks they will sell, yes, but I am not interested in how many weeks they sell I am
interested in how much valueofthe timeshare they sell because that is important for
them. They also do upgrades again I am focused on whatis the value of the timeshare
including upgradessothat is the way welookat the business.
Just a last question in respect to the employeecost, so on a half yearly basis we have
seen around 70-80% increase in employeecost so on a normalized basis what would be
the growth that we can factorin for this?
Y ou are referring to the Reg33 employee cost growth youare talking about quarter-to-
quarter?
It is also for the half yearly basisalso.
Y ou are talking aboutstandalone or consolidated?
Consolidated.
So, in consolidated, very, very clearly. Please remember that since the underlying
currency is Euro thecost will appear to you slightly higher because around 2.5% kind of
increase happened in Finland forthe salaries, which is unheard of because they never
have muchofan inflation but nowtheinflation is there and more importantly the Rupee-
Euro depreciationis of the order of 9.5% so you will clearly see in HCRO an increase of
about 12%, but the underlineincrease is only 2.5% becausethefactis that in termsof
the Euro-Rupeelast year the Euro was at about 79 right now at about91so clearly there
is avery significant movementin the Euro so therefore youwill see that cost on a higher
side. It is not that the salaries have gone up so much.If you were to look at Mahindra
Holidays the annual increments whichare very, very conservative, butthere is a growth
Page 14 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Senthil Manikandan:
Moderator:
Pankaj Kumar:
KavinderSingh:
Pankaj Kumar:
KavinderSingh:
Pankaj Kumar:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
happeningin terms of numberof roomsthat we added so therefore the resort staff gets
addeddespite improvingon the productivity and also as you are seeing that on the sales
numbers also weare tracking higher so despite improving productivity we need to do
somehiring in the case so it is a combination of headcount, the increments in Mahindra
Holidays, the currencyeffect in holiday club and a very minorincreasein the increments
at the holiday club that has whathas ledto this kind of a number.
That was helpful. Thanks.
Thank you. The next question is from Pankaj Kumar from Kotak Securities. Please go
ahead.
My question is on the EBITDA margin side, so wehave seenit on a higherside for the
quartervis-a-vis last two to three quarters if you look atso is there any one-off element
in thatorthis is sustainable?
So, if you exclude the one-offs whichis related to the forex movement which we have
veryclearly explained in the investor deck as well as in pressrelease there is no one-off
in the EBITDA
margin improvement that you are seeing.
It is an underlying
improvementin the operations.
There is a long-term room addition plan weare looking at 5000 roomsaddition so if you
can helpusin termsof the locations or which are the areas that you wouldbe lookingat
while achievingthis target including your international expansion andall?
Primarily India because wesee a very big consumingclassin India. Weare not looking
to buy companies internationally. Weare nottalking about investments outof India. We
are very focused on doing investments in India to grow our roomadditions. Thelocations
obviously cannot be madepublic, but you can probably sense whichare the states we are
going to for PPP obviously ourfocusis on thosestates but our focus is to ensure that we
have sufficient land parcel, we have sufficient construction going on including capex
outlay and our focus dominantly will remain in India over the period that we have
highlighted where we are going to move from 5000to 10000.
Last questionif I can. Sir on these new memberadditions earlier you indicated that you
would also be looking at tier 2 and tier 3 market so going forward how do yousee that
is contributing to your memberadditions?
New memberadditions there are multiple levers weare pressing.First leveris referral
how aggressive we can be in generating referrals becausethatis a very, very good form
of customeracquisition and reducesthe costof acquisition. The secondlever wepressis
Page 15 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Pankaj Kumar:
Moderator:
Nirav Savai:
KavinderSingh:
Nirav Savai:
KavinderSingh:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
digitals referral plusdigital is at about 55% of our memberadditions. Thethird lever we
press is what you talked about going to Tier-2, Tier-3 towns wehave a very specific
target how many towns we wantto be present and how do wewantto growthebusiness.
Numberfourlever, which I think I mentionedin my opening remarksis can wedo remote
sales instead of doing a face-to-face selling that is a big area of focus for us now and
there are other focus areas in termsoftapping the corporate channel becausethere is a
big opportunity to be ableto sell to corporate employees memberships, which we have
donein thepast, but we wantto goa little more aggressive there so there are multiple
levers that wewill press to grow the memberacquisition, grow the members base for us
because that is a very keystrategic priority for us. Considering the fact that we are
moving from 5000 to 10000 roomsit is important for us to accelerate in member
additionsas well.
Thank you.
Thank you. The next question is from theline of Nirav Savai from Abakkus Asset
Management. Please go ahead.
Hi Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir my question is the capex per room which you
highlighted about 1.1 Crores now if we go to another PPP modelis there a differencein
that or would it be similar?
See if you take a Greenfield project even in a PPP modelthe cost per key would come
very similar. It could be 1, 1.05, 1.1. Asit is in our business landcostis not a very key
component because wepickup land which is away from thecities so that is not a big
thing; however, if you wantto get a resort whichis existing and weneed to doa bit of
refurb then the cost is dramatically lower per key and for example Janjehli resort the cost
is not 1 Crores per room it is much, muchlowerthan that. So, if we get a resort which
weneedto refurb and bringit the cost comes on muchlower.If we get land of course at
a very reasonableprice, which we shouldget, then again, the cost per key does not
change,it will remain in the same zone which I said earlier. So, it depends on and of
courseif you endupgetting a resort which requires huge refurbishmentand a long-term
lease again thecoststill not might will definitely will be lower than the Greenfield kind
of investmentsoit really depends whatweget but yes broadly other than the land where
wehaveto develop Greenfield resorts the cost on a PPP model will be lower.
Right so when weare saying doubling our room count from 5000to 10000, whatexactly
is the capex whichweare intemally targeting over the next few years?
I think I have answered that question already that will depend on the mix of PPP, it
dependson the mix of acquisition that we may endupdoing,it will depend on how much
Page 16 of 18

ClubMahindra
 
Nirav Savai:
KavinderSingh:
Nirav Savai:
Moderator:
CAVikash:
KavinderSingh:
CAVikash:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
wedo onleasing andit will depend on how much weend upbuilding so that is why I
said that you have seen that we have chosento havea reasonable and healthy mix of own
oblique lease and now even PPP youshouldtreat it as almost own because with some
refurb if you have a long-term leaseit is as good as your ownproperty it. So,it truly
dependson the mix thatwill evolve but the good newsforusis that since wehaveset
the target, and we are determined to achieve it and wewill achieveit. The cash that we
generate in our business as of now we do notforesee the need to borrow moneyto build
the growth thatwe haveplanned.So,for us that is good enough because wedonot worry
so muchaboutcapex because we knowthat weare notgoingto be looking for funding.
So, from that standpoint we are going to optimize the mix and ensure that we have
sufficient Greenfield and then of course expandourexisting resorts that become very
economical. Third, do lot of PPP and fourth if people have lands andthey wantto build
resort we wantto help them build resorts and take them on long-term lease. So, these are
the ideas that we have which will help us to optimize the pricing per key ofthe resort.
Right so largely it is going to be our ownresults when wesay about doubling to 10000?
Yes, own will include PPP also because long-term leases have to be taken as own
nowadays. Y ou cannot treat them as even the Ind AS 116 literally treats you as an asset
right of use asset, so whether it is a long-term lease, whether it is own at least the
accounting treatment is going to be similar, yes cost per key may be lowercapital,
particularly when you are looking at a long-term lease resort.
Thatis it from side. Thank you.
Thank you. Wewill be ableto take one last question. Wetakethe last question from the
line of CA Vikash from Acorntree. Please go ahead.
Onething I want to understand, Sir, whether we haveparticipation in the PRASHAD
schemeof the government?
You are saying that do we have a participation in the PRASHAD scheme of the
govermentno, notyet.
Anyspecific reasons becauselast time I discussed with Mr. Kumar whois the collector
of the Ujjain and whoisalsotrustee of the Mahakal Lok Corridorhesaid to meregarding
whateverthevisitors is there it is previous to October 2022,it is 25000visitors per day,
now expected to cross 1 lakh and 1.5 to 2 lakh is there, whatevertheir temple revenueis
3 Crores per month whichis a reach to the 15 Crores andevenif it is Ujjain it is hardly
roomsavailable in the weekendsevenifit is in Indore, Dewas andtheadjoiningcities
Page 17 of 18

avBScrcen
KavinderSingh:
CA Vikash:
Moderator:
KavinderSingh:
Moderator:
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India
Limited
October 23, 2023
also and similar situation in the numberofplaces in Andhra also so wehave any kind of
plan like that?
Asof now no butwe are very open to lookingatall ideas whether the PRA SHAD scheme
or anything else which allowsusaccess to good quality resort or land which wecan find
strategically useful for our business model, and weare completely having an open mind
onthat.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. I would now like to handthe conference back to Mr. Kavinder
Singhfor closing comments.
Right, thank you very much for comingonthecall. I have always mentionedthatall your
questionskeep us alert and sharp. We learn a lot from how youthink aboutthe business,
andthis has helped us to shape the businessto the solid footing thatit is in today. 1 am
very confidentthat our operational effectiveness, our customerexperience,and our focus
ondigital in terms of enhancing the spends of our members at ourresorts and our sharp
acquisition marketing strategies along with our aggressionin inventory addition should
lead us to a very, very good position in the golden period forleisure travel, which has
started already now and wesee this cycle at least for seven to 10 years if not more.It
could be even more given the demographics wehave, and we remain excited as ever to
grow the company to the nextheights. Thank you so much foryourpatientlistening.
Thank you very much. On behalf of Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Limited that
concludes the conference. Thank youforjoining us ladies and gentlemen. Y ou may now
disconnect yourlines.
Page 18 of 18
