CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
B-1601-1602, B-wing Mondeal Heights, Iskcon Cross Road, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380015, Gujarat. 
Phone : +91-79-68138700  Fax : +91-79-68138725 CIN No.: U24230GJ1984PLC007440  
Email ID: complianceofficer@concordbiotech.com 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regd. Office & Plant : 1482-1486, Trasad Road, Dholka, Dist. Ahmedabad-382225. (India) 
Phone : +91-2714-222604, 398200  Fax : +91-2714-222504 Website : www.concordbiotech.com 
November 16, 2023 
To 
The Manager, LisƟng Department 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Plot No. C/1 G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Symbol: CONCORDBIO 
To 
General Manager, LisƟng Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejabhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543960 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcripts of Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings call held on November 09, 2023 
 
In conƟnuaƟon of our leƩer dated November 09, 2023 regarding Audio recording of the 
Unaudited (Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results of the company for the Quarter and 
half year ended September 30, 2023, Earnings call for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to 
RegulaƟon 30 (6) of the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, the 
transcripts of the Earnings call for the said period enclosed herewith and available on the website 
of the company at the following link aŌer sending this leƩer to you. Also please note that this 
transcript and the audio recording of the call, both have been uploaded on our website as 
follows:  
 
hƩps://www.concordbiotech.com/investors  
 
Kindly take the same into your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
  
For Concord Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Sajnani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
M. No. F6242 
Encl: as above 
PRAKASH 
LALCHAND SAJNANI
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
LALCHAND SAJNANI 
Date: 2023.11.16 15:29:41 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 37 
 
 
“Concord Biotech Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th November 2023 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR VAID – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR VAID – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CONCORD BIOTECH 
LIMITED 
MR. LALIT SETHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. PRAKASH SAJNANI – COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND 
ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, FINANCE– CONCORD 
BIOTECH LIMITED 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATION ADVISORS – CONCORD 
BIOTECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAGAR SHROFF – STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS 
 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 37 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the 
Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Concord Biotech Limited. This conference call may 
contain 
forward-looking 
statements 
about 
the 
company, which are based on beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as in the date of this call. 
These statements are not the guarantees of future 
performance and may involve risks and uncertainties 
that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sagar Shroff 
from Strategic Growth Advisor. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Sagar Shroff: Thank you, Aman. Good afternoon, everyone and 
thank you for joining us on the Q2 FY24 earnings 
conference call for Concord Biotech Limited. Today, 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 37 
 
we are joined by Mr. Sudhir Vaid, Chairman and 
Managing Director, Mr. Ankur Vaid, Joint Managing 
Director and CEO, Mr. Lalit Sethi, Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Prakash Sajnani, Compliance Officer 
and AVP Finance 
Company has uploaded its financial results and 
investor presentation on its website and stock 
exchanges. I hope everybody had an opportunity to go 
through the same. We will begin the call with opening 
commentary by the management followed by a Q&A 
session. 
I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sudhir Vaid, 
Chairman and Managing Director for Concord 
Biotech Ltd. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Sudhir Vaid: 
Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining us on 
our Q2 FY24 earnings conference call. We are happy 
to report a robust financial and operational 
performance for the quarter ended September 2023. 
Our revenues during this quarter grew from INR 159 
crores to INR 262 crores, a growth of 65% over the 
same quarter last year. EBITDA and PAT in this 
quarter grew to INR 116 crores and INR 81 crores 
from INR  37 crores and INR 22 crores respectively 
in Q2 of last year. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 37 
 
Similarly, our half-yearly revenues stood at INR 457.2 
crores, a growth of 35% with EBITDA margins at 
42.4% and PAT margins at 29.6%. Concord has 
cultivated a significant level of expertise in the 
fermentation process, allowing us to create and bring 
to market a diverse range of fermentation-based APIs. 
Fermentation is a complex procedure that demands 
specialized manufacturing knowledge, working with 
different types of microorganisms, meticulous control 
of 
various 
process 
parameters 
and 
multiple 
purification steps. This technical expertise along with 
years of manufacturing experience and diverse 
customer base creates a high entry barrier for this 
business.  
Concord has emerged as the dominant player in the 
field of immunosuppressants, uniquely holding a 
complete portfolio of fermentation-based APIs for 
these specific drugs worldwide. Furthermore, we are 
working on creating leadership positions on other 
specialized fermentation-based APIs in oncology, 
anti-infective and antifungal space. In some of the 
APIs, we are already seeing this play out and we are 
getting good inquiries and orders for these molecules. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 37 
 
In addition to our technical proficiency, we operate 
extensive manufacturing facilities with a consistent 
track record of regulatory approvals and compliances. 
This enables us to supply to both regulated and 
unregulated 
international 
markets. Our robust 
research and development capabilities coupled with 
an in-house R&D team have allowed us to develop 
these 
specialized 
products, 
including 
the 
manufacturing of the key starting materials, giving us 
competitive advantages. 
As a part of our forward integration, we had also 
commenced our formulation manufacturing of oral 
solid doses in 2016 and are on track to commence our 
upcoming injectable facility by Q1 of FY25. This will 
help us penetrate even deeper in markets across 
geographies. Over the years, we have nurtured our 
enduring relationship with key clients, including 
prominent global generic pharmaceutical companies. 
Currently, we serve over 200 customers across more 
than 70 countries, providing both APIs and 
formulation products. 
Going forward, we remain confident of our growth 
strategies of penetrating deeper for our core molecules 
and increasing wallet share among existing customers, 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 37 
 
adding new customers across geographies in regulated 
and emerging markets, adding new moleules in the 
niche category to create a large product portfolio and 
offerings under one roof. 
Thank you. And with this, I hand over the call to Mr. 
Ankur Vaid, Joint Managing Director and CEO, 
Concord Biotech Ltd. Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Thank you, sir. We are delighted to announce a robust 
performance for Q2 FY24 and our outlook for H2 
remains optimistic and in line with our annual 
guidance. In Q2 FY24, we achieved revenue of INR 
262 crores against INR 159 crores in the same quarter 
last year, with API revenues increasing by 46%. 
Our formulation revenue, which stood at INR 35 
crores in this quarter, is in line with our outlook of 
FY23/24. It is essential to emphasize that our financial 
results should be evaluated on an annualized basis 
rather than on quarterly one. This approach accounts 
for potential fluctuations in quarterly revenues. 
We are optimistic to surpass our historical 18% 
CAGR growth in this year. We are pleased to share 
that following the recent regulatory inspection 
conducted by USFDA, we have received the EIR of 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 37 
 
our Limbasi site and no observations were given by 
them. This approval has unlocked additional 
capacities for global markets for our existing products. 
As subsequent to the USFDA inspection, customers 
have started initiating the process of including the 
Limbasi facility in their dossier. With this, our 
customers get the flexibility to procure APIs from 
both sides. This development is expected to fuel 
revenue growth in both regulated markets and other 
markets. 
For the upcoming year, our company's primary focus 
will be on consolidation and optimizing the utilization 
of our capacities at Limbasi and Valthera plants. This 
strategic move is poised to serve as the primary 
catalyst for revenue growth. By enhancing operational 
efficiency and leveraging our operations, we 
anticipate an improvement in our EBITDA margins. 
In Q2FY24 our export revenue stood at INR 138 
crores as against INR 72 crores in Q2 FY23. This 
increase can be attributed to our successful expansion 
into both regulated and emerging markets, driven by 
our diverse product portfolio spanning across various 
therapeutic areas. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 37 
 
Let me speak about our growth drivers going forward. 
Firstly, in our API business, we anticipate growth 
through our existing product portfolio. This growth 
will be fueled by industry expansion, steady shift of 
market from innovators to generic alternatives and an 
increased market presence in global markets. 
This 
potential 
is 
bolstered 
by 
our 
robust 
manufacturing capabilities, technical expertise, and 
state-of-the-art 
manufacturing 
facilities 
all 
complemented by consistent regulatory approvals on 
a timely basis. Another growth driver for Concord is 
the addition of new APIs in the niche category to 
create a large product portfolio and offerings. 
On the back of our strong and competent R&D team, 
having expertise in fermentation and semi-synthetic 
APIs and continuous developments, we are confident 
of 
commercializing 
products 
across 
niche 
fermentation and semi-synthetic-based APIs across 
therapies. We have a pipeline of products currently in 
development 
stages, 
which 
are 
slated 
for 
commercialization over the next 2-3 years. 
This strategic move allows us to expand further and 
tap into new opportunities. Some of the indicative 
products in the pipeline include Cyclosporine, which 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 37 
 
is an immunosuppressant, Fidaxomicin, Daptomycin, 
which are anti-infectives, Epirubicin, Doxorubicin, 
Idarubicin, and Pirarubicin, which fall under the 
oncology. There are several other products which are 
in the pipeline at various stages. 
Speaking of our formulation business, formulation 
revenues have been steadily increasing. We have close 
to 77 approved formulation products in India and 4 
ANDA approvals for our 6 products from USFDA, 
and a total capacity of 802 million units. We have also 
filed doziers in the emerging markets. In several of 
these markets, we have got approvals for our products 
and have started commercial sales. We expect several 
other markets to open up for us in the coming years. 
Also, 
with 
our 
new 
injectable 
facility, 
commercializing in quarter 1 of FY25, we are 
confident of increasing our business from the 
formulation vertical as well. 
Over the years, Concord has diligently cultivated its 
capabilities and an extensive range of products, 
positioning itself as the forefront of competition. We 
have steadily expanded our customer base across 
global markets, and this strategic approach has 
solidified our reputation and enabled us to make 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 37 
 
deeper inroads by attracting additional customers and 
further penetrating our existing client base. 
To conclude, I would like to say that with our strong 
presence across the fermentation value chain, market 
leadership in several of the fermentation APIs, and 
focus on complex niche fermentation APIs across 
therapeutic areas, and increasing utilization of our 
capacities, we are confident of outperforming the 
industry growth. 
 
With this, I hand over the call to Lalit Sethi for 
financial highlights for quarter two of this financial 
year. Thank you. 
Lalit Sethi: 
Thank you, Ankur. I will take you through now the 
financial performance of this quarter. On the revenue 
front, our revenues for quarter two financial year 24 
stood at INR 262.4 crores as compared to INR 158.9 
crores in the same quarter last year, which represents 
a growth of 65%. Revenues for H1 grew by 35% from 
the same period last year. 
 
Our revenue from API business grew by 46% in this 
quarter and stood at INR 227.4 crores. In H1 FY'24, 
API revenue stood at INR 390.3 crores, representing 
growth of 26% from the same period last year. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 37 
 
Revenue from formulation business in this quarter 
stood at INR 34.9 crores, and for H1 FY'24, it stood at 
INR 66.9 crores. Domestic revenue grew by 44% and 
38% respectively for quarter two and H1FY24. Our 
export revenues for quarter two grew from INR 72 
crores to INR 138 and for H1, export revenues grew 
from INR 174 crores to INR 228 crores. 
 
Speaking of EBITDA. Reported EBITDA on a 
standalone basis for quarter two of this financial year 
stood at INR 119.2 crores, which is 45%. EBITDA 
Margin for H1 stood at INR 191 crores, which is 42%. 
EBITDA Margins, including the share in profit from 
the JV, stood at INR 115 crores, with a margin of 
44.1% in quarter two of this financial year. 
On profit after tax, our profit after tax for quarter two 
of this financial year stood at INR 81 crores, which is 
31%, and PAT for H1 stood at INR 135.5 crores, 
which is 30% of revenue from operations. So with 
this, I shall now leave the floor open for questions and 
answers. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Alankar Garude from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 37 
 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity and congrats 
on a very strong performance. So we have seen a big 
surge in this quarter in growth, 65% year-on-year in 
top line. Now, was there any lumpiness which 
experienced this kind of a growth? I am asking 
because if you look at our performance in the first 
quarter, we were at sub 10% year-on-year growth. So 
just wanted to check whether there was any 
postponement or maybe even a preponement of orders 
in this quarter. 
Lalit Sethi: 
Basically, in this quarter, the sales have increased 
from INR 159 to INR 262 crores, the growth of 65%. 
However, Concord should be viewed from an 
annualized basis rather than on quarter-to-quarter 
basis. So in fact, there could be quarter-to-quarter 
variations in the procurement pattern of our 
customers, maybe due to several reasons, such as 
upcoming production schedule at the customer's end. 
So as a result, they may procure more in a specific 
quarter than the other quarter. So however, we do not 
see any change in the annual demand and that we have 
forecasted from our customers. So therefore, on an 
annualized basis, we expect to do better than our 
historical CAGR of 18% growth. The same would be 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 37 
 
for the profitability, as there would be certain costs 
which are expected to be incurred in the second half 
of the year. So however, we expect the EBITDA  
margin to grow better than our growth in the sales. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sir, can you help with maybe more details on 
whether the change in ordering patterns in this quarter. 
Was it specific to one customer or a set of customers 
or maybe was it for just one product or maybe a set of 
products? Any details on that would be helpful, sir. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes. So, this we have seen across several of our 
customers, because as you would have seen that our 
first quarter growth was close to around 7% to 8%. So 
we do expect that some of the spillover would have 
happened to quarter two and there could have been 
some pre-ponement of say quarter three into the 
quarter two sales. 
 
However, we have seen these across all our segments, 
the growth that has come up. So as a matter of fact, 
I'm pleased to inform that we saw higher growth in the 
oncology and anti-infective segment vis-a-vis our 
immunosuppressant. So while all of them grew, the 
rate of growth was higher in the oncology and -anti-
infective segment. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 37 
 
 
So, I would say that this is primarily based on how 
some of our customers have picked up the material 
and there have been some spillovers from previous 
quarters or from the coming quarters into this specific 
quarter two. But as mentioned by Lalit, we are 
optimistic that, , we will grow better than our 
historical CAGR and we do not see any changes in 
terms of or any concerns in achieving that number on 
an annualised basis. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sure, that's helpful, Ankur. A follow up to that 
would be you mentioned about being optimistic about 
the second half as well. Now, in our previous call, we 
had mentioned about a 40 to 60 mix broadly between 
the first half and the second half. Now, given the 
strong performance we've seen in the second quarter 
and consequently the first half, should we expect a 
similar 40-60 mix in this time around as well, in this 
fiscal as well? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So I would say that, again, coming to what Lalit said 
that, while we have seen that historically, it does not 
really mean that going forward also every year, this 
could be a similar trend because of this lumpiness in 
the sales that one would observe. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 37 
 
So, while we are confident that in order to achieve that 
CAGR growth that we spoke about, our quarter two 
would have to be, would be better off than what 
quarter one is. But the percentages could be varying in 
order to achieve our annualized growth number. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood. And maybe one final question. See, 
on the annual guidance as well, right, you mentioned 
about growing at more than 18% year on year in 
FY'24. Now, the first half growth itself is around 35%. 
So, I know you mentioned 18 plus percent, but are you 
being a bit conservative in your top-line guidance for 
this fiscal? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No, we would continue to stick with the guidance that 
we have and, one should go with that guidance going 
forward as well. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. I shall thank you and all the best. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is in the line of Jigar 
Walia from OHM Group. Please go ahead. 
Jigar Valia: 
Hi. Congratulations on the great set of numbers and 
thanks for the opportunity. If you can help us 
understand the update on the various plans and in 
terms of utilization as well, it would be great. So, 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 37 
 
maybe your perspective around timelines for the 
FDAs and the utilization of the various plans? 
Lalit Sethi: 
In fact, as far as the capacity utilization of these three 
plans are concerned, in Unit-1, we have been 
operating at a capacity of around 78% and in Unit-3, 
Limbasi, we have been operating at  around 35% to 
36% and in Unit-2, we have operated at around 14% 
to 15% capacity utilization for H1 of 2024. 
Jigar Valia: 
In terms of broader timelines, in terms of the FDA 
approvals for this, will the injectable plant which will 
come up at Valthera, that also would be clubbed and 
the final approval come only after that or how does it? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, the injectable Plant , as you mentioned, will be 
ready by Q1 of FY'25 and the next financial year will 
be more towards getting the validation batches and 
doing the filings and this facility is primarily targeted 
towards India and emerging markets. 
So, there could be a possibility that by the end of next 
financial year, we could get some regulatory 
inspections from some of the emerging market 
authorities but it will all depend on how the filing of 
the dossiers go from the injectable side. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 37 
 
Jigar Valia: 
Got it. So, as of now, Limbasi, Valthera continue to 
be towards either domestic or ROW markets and 
Dholka would be towards both regulated as well as the 
other markets? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, Dholka is for global markets because it is 
approved  and , inspected by US, Europe, Japan, 
Korea and several other authorities. The Limbasi 
facility which is the new API facility was built in 
2021, that facility is also USFDA inspected. So, 
inspection happened in June of 23 and which was 
concluded with zero483 observations. 
 
So, with that, we have now continued, we have started 
our supplies to several of our customers in the 
regulated markets as well from that Limbasi facility. 
So, Limbasi facility caters to several regulated 
markets as well as India and emerging markets and 
Valthera facility which is the formulation facility is 
approved by USFDA and several other emerging 
markets from where we are supplying our finished 
formulations to global markets. 
Jigar Valia: 
What would be the mix for regulated markets for Q1, 
Q2 and follow up is that, would the ROW margins be 
similar to the domestic business? 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 37 
 
Lalit Sethi: 
As far as regulated, markets are concerned, it is around 
17% in  US and  33% in  the ROW of the total sales in 
quarter two and H1. With respect to the margins, our 
margins within regulated as well as emerging markets 
are more or less the same. 
Jigar Valia: 
Thank you so much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek 
Agarwal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal:Hi, thanks for the opportunity and congrats for a good 
set of numbers. Ankur, if you can talk about how the 
pricing trends were there in some of the top products,  
that would be really helpful. And basically, how was 
the growth contributed as far as the pricing is 
concerned, as far as the volumes are concerned? So, if 
you can throw some light. Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, for the half year numbers, all the growth  has come 
through volume only. Our pricing has been relatively 
stable. And as we mentioned that we have added 
newer customers, there could have been a differential 
pricing to those customers. But otherwise, our pricing 
has been fairly stable for all the products and the 
growth has been primarily volume driven for us. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 37 
 
Vivek Agarwal:Perfect. That's super helpful. And in terms of new 
customers, basically, how that is tracking? In the first 
half, we have grown 35% Y-o-Y, right? So, would you 
like to attribute a part of a specific number that has 
been driven by the new customer addition in your 
existing portfolio? Thank you. 
 Lalit Sethi : 
So, we have added new customers in last six months. 
And I believe that the number is around twenty five 
customers that have been added in formulation and 
API business. 
Vivek Agarwal:Okay. And in terms of margins, right, we have seen 
around 200 basis point kind of expansion in the gross 
margin. So, is it largely due to higher sales or 
increasing operating leverage or is there any change in 
cost of material, etcetera? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No. So, the margin primarily has been on account of 
operational efficiencies that have come in, which have 
helped in higher EBITDA margins for us as compared 
to the sales growth that has happened. So, it is 
primarily because of the operational efficiency that 
the EBITDA margin has expanded significantly 
higher than what the growth in the sales number. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 37 
 
Vivek Agarwal:Perfect. Thanks, Ankur. This is helpful. We will join 
the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Chintan Seth from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Seth: Thank you and congrats for the very great set of 
numbers. A couple of questions on, again, on the 
revenue aspect. If you look at last year's base, at least 
for Q2, the formulation revenue has kind of 
sequentially declined. Is there any lumpiness in the 
previous year in FY '23 which led to 40-60 split 
between first half and second half? And that kind of 
corrected this year and then we can see some shift 
from second half to first half. 
 
That can be inferred because Q1 seemed to be, 1Q to 
Q2, Q2 last year has seen a 12% revenue decline. So, 
is there any, and because of that, the first half revenue 
share is 40% for the annual year. So, if you can explain 
what has happened last year and whether this year will 
be slightly different from that? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, in quarter 2 last year, there was some return from 
one of our customers, from US, because of which it 
had a negative impact on the formulations sales, 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 37 
 
which was a one-time impact and the reason for the 
lower number in the Q2 of the last year. 
Chintan Seth: Okay. And the utilization seems to be picking up and 
from last year closer, the Limbasi has improved from 
75% to 78%. How soon or any indication in terms of 
what will be the year-end utilization levels we are 
targeting based on the orders we have? 
Lalit Sethi: 
So, in fact, utilization for Dholka plant is around 78%, 
which was 75% in the last year. But in Limbasi, it is 
32% in Q2. 
Chintan Seth: And Limbasi is 32% or 35%? You mentioned 34% to 
35%. 
Lalit Sethi: 
32% is in Q2 and around 36% in H1. . Last year, I 
think it was around 30%,  And in Valthera, it is around 
15%, which was 12% last year. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, just to add to what Lalit mentioned that, the 
oncology segment saw good growth for us. And the 
oncology facility is only there in Dholka and not in 
Limbasi. So, this also kind of correlates with that, that 
the higher utilization number beyond a certain point is 
getting attributed to quite a large extent towards the 
oncology, which kind of contributed to this half-year 
number growth. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 37 
 
And at the Limbasi facility, we continue to see higher 
capacity utilizations on account of deeper penetration 
into markets and engaging more with our customers. 
And the Valthera facility, we are seeing good traction 
in the emerging markets as well as in India market, 
which is leading to higher capacity utilization for the 
formulation facility. 
Chintan Seth: Great. Okay. And just last on, last bit on the oncology 
part, this is the new business which we are getting and 
that is kind of getting ramped-up or this was a new 
customer, any color on the oncology part, if you can, 
and how sustainable is this ongoing business, , which 
will continue for the upcoming quarters? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, I think it's a blend of both. So, our existing 
customers, there is an increase in the wallet share and 
we are also reaching out to newer customers for our 
products. So, I would say, it's a good blend between, 
the two, because of which we are seeing this increase 
in the oncology segment as well. 
And going forward, as I mentioned that, , with API 
manufacturers, once we start engaging with our 
formulation customers, there is a lot of stickiness to 
the business. So, we expect this to continue over the 
years. And as Concord is known for creating a 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 37 
 
leadership position for its APIs, we expect to create 
similar leadership position on the other segments, 
such as oncology, anti-infectives , and antifungal, as 
we have done it for the immunosuppressant segments 
over the years. 
Chintan Seth: Right. Thank you and all the very best and greetings 
for the festivity . Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aarti 
Rai from Equentis Wealth Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Aarti Rai: 
Yes. So, thanks for the opportunity. I wanted to check 
on a couple of things. The first one being the CDMO 
opportunity. So, while  we spoke last, we did mention 
that the current year would not include any 
opportunity in the estimate. So, by when do we go? I 
mean, from the past conversations,  would it be good 
if we can have some update there, given Limbasi is 
also now doing well on utilization. So, any update on 
when we should start building in numbers from that 
opportunity? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, CDMO is a segment that we have considered from 
a medium term to a long term perspective only, 
because while we have free capacity at our Limbasi 
facility and are also getting regulatory approval for 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 37 
 
that site, opportunities like CDMO does take its own 
set of time and hence we have put it from a medium 
to a long term strategy. That being said, we are 
engaging with potential customers. We are discussing 
with them and showcasing our strengths and 
capabilities so that there is a potential opportunity for 
us to kind of work with these clients. But one should 
consider this from a medium to a long term 
perspective only. 
Aarti Rai: 
Okay. So, when we say, engaging with customers, is 
it primarily our existing customers or are we speaking 
with some new client as well? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, most of the discussions that are happening or 
where we are reaching out are with respect to new 
customers, who are because these set of customers 
would either be, people having very, very large 
presence within the API segment and they want to 
contract it out rather than formulation players with 
whom we typically engage in. So, the customer base 
is slightly different from the ones that we engage in. 
Aarti Rai: 
Okay. One question on Limbasi. So, presently as we 
stand at around, say, 32% utilization and on the last 
call we did speak off about the utilization of 75% to 
80% in the next two years. So, over the at least next 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 25 of 37 
 
two years, I mean, how do we look at the utilization, 
say, from 32%, 34% now? So, full year where  would 
we be and say 25% and 26% next couple of years, 
tentatively? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, I won't be able to give you guidance on how the 
capacity utilizations would work out. But as I 
mentioned in our previous discussions as well that we 
expect to have a CAGR growth of around 25% over 
the next five years to six years on the top line, wherein 
much of growth coming from the Limbasi facility. 
And given our asset turnover, given, how the growth 
that we are looking on our five year to six-year period, 
one can look at from how the capacity utilizations 
could be. 
 
But reaching to 70% to 78%, is going to be a four year 
to five-year process and not a two-year process 
because we have created almost twice the capacity 
that we have at Unit 1, which is 800 meter cube. So, 
with that, and considering our growth guidance for the 
next five years to six years, it will be at least four years 
to five years before we start reaching to that level of 
the utilization that, you spoke about. 
Aarti Rai: 
Okay, great. Thanks for that one. I'll join back the 
queue. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 26 of 37 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Alok 
Dalal from Jefferies India Private Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Alok Dalal: 
Yes, hi. Ankur, good afternoon. So, first one on 
contribution of top five APIs for the quarter and first 
half, please? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, we are not sharing details on a product-on-product 
or a Top 5 molecule. But yes, I think what we can 
share is that products from the oncology segment has 
contributed, has seen a lot of traction. And we see that 
the segments such as the oncology are picking-up 
quite a lot what we see in this year. And we're also 
seeing good traction from the other segments such as 
the anti-infective segments as well. So, seeing good 
contribution from across the therapies. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. And, Ankur, these, the traction that you see are 
from new customers or this is wallet share gain from 
existing ones? 
Ankur Vaid: 
It's a blend of both, Alok. So, we are primarily driven 
by increase in the wallet share because new customer 
addition, while it is contributing, it is not contributing 
that significantly to the overall onco growth, but it is 
a blend of both. But I think our engagement with 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 27 of 37 
 
customers have now started to increase within the 
other segments as well, which is resulting in this. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. Second one is on the Japan JV. So, can you 
provide more color on what type of JV arrangement is 
this? Is there some technology involved in this JV? 
Lalit Sethi: 
No, basically it's a sale and purchase transaction 
which happens with the JV. Concord India, sells the 
material to Concord Japan for onward selling in the 
Japanese market.. As  per  Japanese laws, it is a 
requirement that there should be one caretaker. 
Therefore, there is a separate entity which has been 
created in Japan for that purpose. 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay. Thank you. And Ankur, you mentioned about 
some new costs which will come in second half. Can 
you provide some more color on what these costs are? 
Lalit Sethi: 
It's expected to be on injectable units. We are 
expecting to get it commercialized in the month of 
December 23. And for the last  quarter, there could be 
some expenses which will be spent on the validation 
batches and which would be on the stability. So, those 
kinds of expenses are expected to be there in quarter 
4. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 28 of 37 
 
Alok Dalal: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, Mr. Lalit. Yes, that's it from my 
side. Thank you.. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Monish 
Shah from Antique Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Monish Shah: Yes. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, just a 
question on the existing products. Amongst our key 
products 
like 
Tacrolimus, 
cyclosporine, 
and 
everolimus, there are different dosage forms, like an 
extended release or a gel or a solution, which is going 
off patent next year and, you know, a couple of years 
after. So, just wanted to check, does that give us a 
sizable opportunity from generic entry standpoint? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes, that does. And we are working with several 
customers for such kind of new formulations as well.  
Monish Shah: Okay. And that drives your revenue guidance? I mean, 
that is a sizable part of revenue guidance? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, it will all depend in terms of how the generic 
players kind of get into the products once it becomes 
generic. So, when we talk about the overall guidance 
over the next four years to five years, such kind of 
opportunities have been built into that. 
Monish Shah: Okay. Got it. Yes, that is it from my side. Thank you. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 29 of 37 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Huseain from Carnelian Capital. Please go ahead. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
.  Sir, we were in discussion and looking at 
some of the CDMO opportunities. Is there any 
opportunity just coming to us? Are you in discussion 
with some of the clients on the CDMO part? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So we are in discussion with the customers, but, these 
customers, again, are evaluating multiple vendors. 
They may have their different timelines to kind of 
look at in terms of when they want to initiate such kind 
of CDMO opportunities. So, while there are 
engagements that do happen, it may take time for it to 
fructify  So, discussions do happen, but that's why we 
have put it on a medium term. 
So, I would say, , there have been a lot more 
discussions happening, both from customers end 
because they're seeing Concord having the capacities, 
having approvals, and we also are reaching out to our 
customers because of the capacities and approvals in 
place. So, we are evaluating and are hopeful that we 
should see some opportunities getting built-in, in the 
coming years on the CDMO front. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 30 of 37 
 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Got it. And secondly, since you  and CFO 
said that we will grow at more than 18%. So, this year 
we will grow at 18% plus 1% or 2% additional. And 
also you said a 25% plus growth over the next four 
years. So, it's some understanding on my end, to what 
should be the growth that we should expect from the 
company going forward? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, what Lalit mentioned is that historically we have 
grown at a CAGR of 18% and we have different 
growth levers, both at the API as well as at the finished 
formulation, which will help us grow at a CAGR of 
25% over the next five to six years. Because, , this is 
going to be a gradual process from going from 18% to 
25%  CAGR because, we are, like in this year, we 
have got the approval from the US FDA. Customers 
are including our Limbasi facility into their dossier. 
So, we will see some growth happening on that end. 
There will be some growth coming in from the 
formulation as well. Subsequent year, we would also 
see that, there will be more consolidation at these two 
fronts, but also the injectable business will start 
kicking in. 
And then, of course, new R&D products as they keep 
getting commercialized, may be one to two products 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 31 of 37 
 
every year, they would also slowly and steadily start 
contributing. So, that's why all these three, four 
opportunities when clubbed together will result into a 
25% CAGR growth over the next five to six years. 
And one has to see it as a gradual move in terms of 
how we go from 18% to 25%. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Got it. And secondly, sir, when you said 
that, there was one customer whose product got 
returned in Q2 of FY '23. So, as a result, we are seeing 
some sort of year-on-year comparison. There is some 
lumpiness. Was it a sizable return? So, should we 
consider this as a lumpy quarter for this year, wherein 
the numbers are way higher than year-on-year basis? 
How do we see that? Because I understand you said 
that we should look at the whole year basis. 
But still, we are not able to contemplate because when 
we built-in into our models, we are not able to 
understand exactly, how the year will shape up for the 
company and how is it comparable year-on-year 
basis… 
Ankur Vaid: 
Sorry, we lost you. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 32 of 37 
 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
Okay. So, I am just trying to understand. 
In Q2 of FY '23, you said there were some product 
returns on the formulation side? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Correct. 
Huseain Bharuchwala: 
So, there must be some lumpiness in this 
quarter. Should we consider that there was some 
lumpiness or no, it wasn't in that case? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, I would say the lumpiness would have been 
probably in the quarter of the last year because of this 
one-time effect that came in because of the 
formulation return. But this year, I think we have seen 
steady growth in our formulation sales because newer 
markets have opened up and also our domestic 
formulation business is growing. So, that's how I 
would look at this year versus the last year. So, the 
lumpiness would be more correlated with last year 
rather than looking at from this year perspective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek 
Agarwal from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal:Hi. Thanks for the follow-up question. So, as the 
company has highlighted, in the recent quarter or in 
the first half, its oncology and anti-infectives have 
picked up. So, is it possible for you to share, what is 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 33 of 37 
 
the share of immunosuppressants in API Dominion in 
this quarter or the first half and what is the share of 
oncology and anti-infectives? Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
Sorry, we did not get you clearly. Could you repeat 
that, please? 
Vivek Agarwal:So, if you can help us understand the share of revenues 
from immunosuppressants and oncology and anti-
infectives or anti-fungal in the first half of the year? 
Lalit Sethi: 
In the first half of the year, the contribution from 
immunosuppressants has been to the extent of around 
74% to 75% of the total API sales. And oncology has 
been in the range of around 13%, vis-à-vis 9% in the 
same period last year. 
Vivek Agarwal:Thanks. And is it fair to assume that in oncology, the 
everolimus that is taking off? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, yes. Our oncology products such as everolimus, 
midostaurin and other products which are there in that 
segment are seeing good traction. So, it is not only just 
one product, but we have close to seven to eight 
products in that segment and we are seeing good 
traction in these molecules. 
Vivek Agarwal:Perfect. And in terms of margins, would you like to 
give any ballpark numbers for fiscal year '24, given 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 34 of 37 
 
that we have already done close to 42% in the first 
half? Any range, basically, that would end up for the 
full year of '24? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, what we discussed earlier was that if, the growth 
in the EBITDA should be better than the growth that 
one would see in the top line because of the 
operational efficiency that gets built in. 
Vivek Agarwal:Perfect. Thanks, Ankur. Thank you. This is from my 
side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of 
Chintan Sheth from Girik Capital. Please go ahead. 
Chintan Sheth: Thank you for the follow-up. One thing on the new 
product development side, we mentioned a couple of 
molecules in anti-infective, coupled with  oncology 
and   immunosuppressant. Any ballpark, market size 
which we are looking at in those product categories 
will be -- how much relative to what we are currently 
targeting, the addressable market from the existing 20 
plus portfolio versus this new five, how much it will 
add to that? If you can, just a ballpark number would 
be helpful. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, the addressable market for the new products is 
close to around $2.5 billion at the formulation level. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 35 of 37 
 
So, while we don't have data on the API level, but if 
one would consider around 30% to 40%, we're talking 
somewhere around $750 million is the opportunity 
that one could look at. However, these products, once 
they become commercial, it will be a slow and steady 
process for us to reach to a leadership position on 
these molecules. 
However, we are confident that given our R&D 
expertise, we have full confidence that, there is a path 
and we will be able to go through that in order to have 
that leadership position on these molecules. So, these 
are sizable markets for these APIs, but it will be some 
time before we start having a sizable contribution in 
the overall revenue with respect to these newer 
products. 
Chintan Sheth: Right. And in terms of gross margin, I can see that, for 
the past two quarters, we have been delivering a kind 
of almost 80% kind of gross margin right now. So, any 
risk in terms of input price pressure you are witnessing 
or any, you mentioned the pricing pressure is not 
there. It's largely driven by volume growth, but any 
input price pressure which we are forcing right now, 
or we can expect this 80% gross margin to continue 
going forward? 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 36 of 37 
 
Lalit Sethi: 
So, , in the fermentation business, the feed which is 
required to be given to the microbial is agro-based 
products., These products are easily available and no 
pricing pressure has been seen in the last couple of 
years. Therefore, the possibility of stress on margins 
is very remote. . The reason being, there are about 
200- 300 raw material products So, in case of any 
prices change, on one or two products, may not have 
any significant impact on the gross margin. So, 
therefore, we don't see any threat on the gross margin. 
Chintan Sheth: And no pressure on the pricing side as well. The 
pricing remains pretty steady so far right now. 
Lalit Sethi: 
Yes, this has been quite steady. 
Chintan Sheth: Great. All the very best and thank you for answering 
my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our 
last question for today. I now hand the conference 
back to the management for the closing remarks. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining on our quarter 2 
FY '24 earnings call. We hope we have been able to 
address all your queries. For any further information, 
please get in touch with us or SGA, our investor 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 37 of 37 
 
relation advisors. Thank you once again. Have a good 
evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on 
behalf of Concord Biotech, we conclude this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
