 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
November 21, 2023  
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Wednesday, November 
15, 2023, for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The transcript  can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the following link: 
https://www.allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/qlhr62700.pdf  
 
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully, 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                    
 
                              
Devanand Mojidra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A14644 
 
Encl: a/a 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM MOJIDRA
Digitally signed by DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM MOJIDRA 
Date: 2023.11.21 15:08:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited 
Q2 &H1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 15, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL  
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR – GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAL SHAH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited’s Q2 & H1 
FY2024 Earnings Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. This conference call may contain 
forward looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions and the 
expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees of 
future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. As a reminder 
all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” and then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain from 
Dolat Capital. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thank you, Dorwin. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all to 
Q2 FY2024 earnings conference call of Allcargo Logistics Limited. We thank the management 
for providing us the opportunity to host the call. From the management side we have with us Mr. 
Ravi Jakhar, Group Chief Strategy Officer and Mr. Deepal Shah, Group CFO. Now I hand over 
the call to Mr. Ravi for opening remarks followed by the question-and-answer session. Thank 
you and over to you Sir! 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you Abhishek. Good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone on our Q2 & H1 
FY2024 earnings conference call. Let me take this opportunity to wish you all a very happy New 
Year, the new Samvat 2080, may it bring prosperity and happiness to all. We have uploaded our 
results and earnings presentation on these stock exchanges as well as the company’s website and 
I hope everyone had an opportunity to go through the same which includes the results as well as 
the investor presentation. As mentioned today I am joined by my colleague, Deepal Shah and we 
would endeavor to provide you brief highlights from the quarter and a half year gone by and also 
respond to your questions with utmost sincerity. 
 
To begin with let me speak a bit about the macroeconomic environment. The global economy is 
expected to slowly recover from the pandemic; however, the global trade flows recovery has 
been relatively even weaker than what we had expected, and this is in line with the economist’s 
expectations. We have seen several factors continue to raise concerns such as the muted Chinese 
trade outlook, geopolitical tensions posing an upside risk to fuel prices and weaker than expected 
pickup in pre-Christmas stocking, which is usually seen leading to increased shipments from July 
end that uptake has been relatively sluggish as well. China a country that plays a major role in 
global trade is also grappling with its internal real estate crisis and diminished external demand. 
Chinese exports for the month of October shrank 6.4% year-on-year. As per Reuters report we 
also understand that China’s official Purchasing Managers Index last week showed both new 
export and import orders shrank for an eighth consecutive month in October which basically 
continues from the Chinese New Year gone by. This suggests that manufacturers are struggling 
to find buyers overseas and ordering fewer components domestically as well. Among the other 
major economies that impact global trade such as the US and UK, too are facing sluggish 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 16 
demand growth, although on a positive side the risk of banking instability has softened but the 
trade outlook remains cloudy. The International Monetary Fund has projected that global real 
GDP growth will remain steady at around 3% in 2023; however, for 2024 they have revised these 
forecasts slightly downwards to 2.9% from the previous estimate of 3%. Our outlook for the 
global trade recovery mirrors the growth concerns in China and the western world. We continue 
to maintain our view that any meaningful recovery is likely to happen post Chinese New Year 
which is Feb 2024. 
 
Coming to Allcargo Logistics and our business operating under various subsidiaries, I would like 
to share a few business updates. First on the corporate action side as you would have noticed the 
Board has approved the issuance of three bonus shares for every one share held, this decision is 
aimed at improving the liquidity and allowing for broader based participation of shareholders in 
the company besides this shall also facilitate the strategic restructuring plans that we have been 
pursuing. The company has built significant reserves over the years and the issuance of bonus 
shares will use less than 15% of the available reserves, which is a sign of company’s health. The 
company also recently demerged two businesses which were listed in the quarter gone by on 
August 10, 2023, and the Board considered it is appropriate to issue bonus shares once the 
demerger proceedings were completed and this Board meeting for the quarter ending September 
2023. The company has exhibited strong performance over the last several years and taken 
significant initiatives to deleverage the balance sheet which has resulted in a very low net debt as 
of September 30, 2023, and my colleague, Deepal will talk more about it. 
 
If you look at it this is remarkable considering the recent spree of acquisitions, we acquired the 
balance shares from minority shareholders in Gati Express supply chain as well as in Allcargo 
supply chain. We also recently increased our shareholding in Nordicon to 90% besides the 
acquisition in Germany earlier during the year 2023. All of this has been enabled to a large extent 
by strong internal accruals from the businesses. On the international supply chain side of the 
business while the current macroeconomic environment has unexpectedly led to significantly 
lower performance in recent quarters the company is hopeful that the prudent approach by the 
company over the years that led to a very strong balance sheet will provide a strong base for 
future growth. The business which sits under the company’s flagship subsidiary ECU Worldwide 
is driven by a completely asset -light approach with digital strategy being the fundamental pivot 
for future growth and I am glad that all our digital initiatives are tracking well on schedule. 
Further ECU Worldwide continues to strengthen its global market leadership in the LCL 
consolidation business on account of significant efforts and investments and acquisitions and 
acqi-hiring and transformation of the business on an ongoing basis despite all the challenges and 
headwinds. 
 
I would like to highlight here that most leading international forwarders have reported a volume 
decline ranging from -4% to slightly lower in Q2 FY2024. This was accompanied by a decline in 
yields ranging from -25 to -38% in comparison our LCL volumes are down 3% year on- year and 
FCL volumes have remained flat. In terms of the LCL volumes, we estimate that our key 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 16 
competitors operating globally are significantly lower on a year-and-year comparison. We have 
highlighted that recovery might not be visible immediately, but we continue to focus on our 
market share efforts along with cost efficiencies. In line with our improved disclosures, we shall 
continue to keep our various stakeholders updated on the near-term market developments through 
our monthly operational release. As we have stated in the past the international supply chain 
business operates on January to December calendar year, therefore we are also in the stage of 
budgeting for the next year and in the due course of next couple of months we would also have a 
better forecast and visibility on our next year’s budget and the three years business plan based on 
which we also intend to share our revised guidance in the coming months. 
 
Moving on to our express business, the company is making remarkable strides, consistently 
delivering top-notch service levels while continuously striving to enhance operational efficiency. 
It was somewhere around early 2023 that our operational indicators started to fall in line on the 
back of transformational initiatives and also the suitable infrastructure coming up. The company 
has achieved strong performance in Gati Express in supply chain in terms of volumes driven by 
increased demand, driven by infrastructure amplification, sales acceleration initiatives and also 
on the back of good domestic festive season demand. You might be aware that we have recently 
launched the Bengaluru super-hub and remain on track on the infra rollout front a majority of 
which is already accomplished. Additionally, the company remains steadfast in its commitments 
to improving EBITDA on the back of operating leverage through increased revenue and volumes 
and that should improve the overall profitability as well, so that outlook on Gati Express supply 
chain which is the operating entity continues to remain strong and is backed by the demonstration 
of strong volume and growth in Q2 FY2024. Detailed highlights have already been provided in 
the Gati call. Gati already being a separately listed entity. 
 
Coming to the contract logistics business which is housed under Allcargo supply chain and is 
now 100% subsidiary of Allcargo, I am glad to know that business continues to deliver robust 
performance. Recently the company has set up a state-of-the-art grade A chemical warehousing 
facility at its mega multi-user chemical warehousing complex at Uran in Navi Mumbai. This has 
been set up for one of the largest chemical companies in the world and is a hallmark of quality 
excellence in the country. The business besides the niche chemical segment in which it continues 
its market dominance, has now started to grow rapidly in the e-commerce space as well as other 
opportunities in warehousing ranging from auto components to furniture and other CDIT 
(consumer durables & IT) domain opportunities. In facilities where we store a lot of chemicals it 
requires strict adherence to highest safety standards and statutory compliances of international 
standards which demonstrates the capabilities underlying in the Allcargo supply chain business. 
We continue to manage a little more than 5 million square feet warehouse and we have seen a 
good pickup in volumes, revenue, and profitability in this business. Compared to last year there 
was also a portion of business which was a low margin third party logistics kind of an 
opportunity which was pursued for a period of time for specific reasons which is not continuing 
and that is why the expansion in profit margins is seen to be healthier as compared to the revenue 
margin, a part of it is also contributed by capitalization of lease expenses. In terms of the future 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 16 
prospects, we see strong demand. We have a robust pipeline in this business, and we have now 
already invested in people capabilities for solution design perspective. We are participating in 
greater set of opportunities, and we have a very healthy pipeline which provides good visibility 
for continued growth in the coming quarters. That was a brief snapshot of all the three businesses 
operating under Allcargo Logistics. I will now hand over the call to my colleague Deepal for his 
comments on the reported financials and then we can get back to further discussions in the form 
of Q&A. Thank you over to you Deepal! 
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good afternoon, everyone and a very Happy Diwali and Happy New Year to 
you all and your loved ones. I will now discuss the performance for Q2 FY2024. Our revenue has 
declined on a yearly basis owing to a much stronger base and a different macroeconomic 
environment. The consolidated revenue for Q2 FY2024 stood at 3,307 Crores as compared to 
5,055 Crores in Q2 of FY2023 and 3,271 Crores in Q1 FY2024. The consolidated EBITDA for 
Q2 FY2024 stood at 118 Crores as compared to 139 Crores in Q1 FY2024. The muted 
profitability along with a slightly higher depreciation has led to the PAT, profit after tax to the 
quarter ended September 2023 declining to 16 Crores as compared to 195 Crores for the same 
quarter last year. Point to note is that our balance sheet remains very healthy with a net debt of 
120 Crores as of September 2023. 
 
Now moving on to the business segment wise performance. I will start by discussing the 
performance of the international supply chain segment which is the largest business. The demand 
scenario continues to remain weak like Ravi said and competition remains high. We continue to 
focus on outperforming the industry amidst muted demand. LCL volumes for Q2 FY2024 stood 
at 2.3 million cubic meters as compared to 2.4 million cubic meters for Q2 FY2023. On the FCL 
front the volume of Q2 FY2024 remains flat year-on-year and stood at 152,800 TEUs. The ISC 
business reported revenue of 2,795 Crores as compared to 4,614 Crores for Q2FY2023 and 2,823 
Crores for Q1 FY2024. The EBITDA for the same period stood at 65 Crores as compared to 111 
Crores for Q1 FY2024. 
 
Moving on from the ISC business to the express business under Gati. The segment continues to 
deliver strong performance with higher emphasis on improving operational efficiencies. The 
volumes for Q2 FY2024 stood at 333 KT as compared to 283 KT in Q2 FY2023, a remarkable 
18% year-on-year growth. Revenue stood at 385 Crores for Q2 FY2024 as compared to 370 
Crores for Q2FY23. EBITDA stood at 15 Crores for Q2 FY2024 as compared to 21 Crores in Q2 
FY2023. An important milestone for the express business was the successful launch of its 
Bengaluru hub. 
 
Moving on to the contract logistics business which sits under the Allcargo Supply Chain Private 
Limited. Contract logistics revenue Q2 FY2024 stood at 76 Crores as compared to 83 Crores for 
Q2 FY2023. EBITDA for the quarter September 2023 stood at 36 Crores as compared to 29 
Crores for the same quarter last year. We are confident that this positive momentum will persist 
in the medium to long-term giving the rising demand for warehousing across various segments. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 16 
We have been consistently providing other key comparative financial indicators in our investor 
presentation one can refer to that for more details. With this I would like to open the floor for 
questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
Hi Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Sir, firstly I would like to state that in the opening remarks 
we lost you in between and there was no intervention from the operator as well so just request 
you to add those sentences in the transcript if possible. Sir my first question was that we had 
taken many initiatives like digitization, direct sales, and other many cost reduction measures as 
well previously so that whenever there is a fall in realizations our EBIT per TEU is still 
maintained at a certain level so this quarter we could not see those benefits reflecting in the 
numbers so could you give us some kind of analysis as to why and how do you expect to see the 
EBIT per TEU levels in the coming quarters considering the weak macroeconomic outlook? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I will respond to that. Meanwhile just to reconfirm Deepal were you able to hear me while I was 
speaking in the opening remarks? 
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, Ravi, I could hear you but then opening remarks were fine but somewhere in the middle I 
also got dropped out. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Anyways I would request the team to make sure that the transcript is duly recording everything 
that was spoken so that if anything is missed out by any participant that can be referred to later. 
So, coming to your question on the EBIT per TEU I would break that down into two components 
it comes down from GP per TEU and then down to EBIT per TEU. First part the GP per TEU is 
driven by a combination of how we maintain our trade lane dynamics and how the operating 
market environment is. Now like I mentioned the operating market environment has been muted 
which impacts the gross profit at the same time on the trade lane side we did take initiative to 
expand into some new trade lanes in strategic locations for example some of the Latin American 
countries into European markets and Asia into Latin America and a few other strategic trade 
lanes which as you build them out tend to be loss making and at the same time they are quite 
strategic from a long-term growth perspective, so some of those initiatives we have continued to 
pursue. We did not choose to drop them so to give you a scale of sense if I was to talk about all 
the 2,500 trade lanes that we operate and we carve out all the loss making trade lanes at the gross 
profit level that number for the quarter could be close to about a million dollars, some of the non 
strategic ones might contribute to about 25% which we could temporarily bring down and that 
should create some positive impact not significant but majority of that cost we would continue to 
take as a hit in terms of developing the new strategic trade lanes. The macroeconomic 
environment as it improves typically tends to help us with better utilization and as you could see 
from our operational updates in the investor presentation as well as the monthly updates we have 
continued to see dropped ratio of 40 feet containers which are all operational parameters which 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 16 
should improve on the back of improved demand and as the markets have corrected one thing 
which we have been able to do is we have fallen relatively less as compared to the competition 
and that means that as the recovery kicks in we should be the fastest to recover as well. Now that 
is something which is a combination of bit of strategy on the trade lane dynamics but largely 
driven by the operating environment. However where we potentially or should have done better 
is on the line items between gross profit and SG&A, during the first half of the year largely for 
the first quarter we were anticipating that the trade environment should improve and there was a 
little bit of a minor pickup in the month of March post Chinese New Year and that kind of 
created a belief that the trade could be normalized which however did not happen and we only 
started acting on the cost side below the gross profit from August onwards and that endeavor has 
continued now through the last few months and we would conclude most of the cost initiatives by 
end of December. Now some of these requires strategic restructuring in the organization, some of 
them are about eliminating some positions by way of automation, some requires relocation and 
typically most of these activities have a lead time of three to six months and during such time 
there are also severance costs, switch cost, etc., associated so as we conclude these initiatives till 
the end of December there could be a continued impact until Feb or March but beyond that we 
should see an improved state on the cost side which means that the SG&A cost as a percentage of 
revenue or gross profit should come down so that is something which we expect should be visible 
from the month of March, April onwards as this point of time would have some bit of severance 
cost as well; however, what we would be in a position to do is possibly for the quarter of 
December when all these initiatives would have been completed we could potentially provide a 
ballpark indication of the quantum of one of severance impact which would not continue beyond 
the Jan to March quarter and that would give an idea about the impact on the SG&A cost 
improvements. In hindsight the organization could have been more proactive from the early part 
of the year as compared to starting some of these cost initiatives in August which could have 
basically helped us maintain healthier EBIT per TEU; however, now that we have taken some of 
the cost initiatives we believe that should contribute to some extent and as the trade volumes 
rebound as the utilization starts building up we believe that the EBIT per TEU should improve so 
I would say putting these in perspective on terms of timelines we should see EBIT per TEU 
improve from the April onwards and we could still call out some of the exceptional costs in the 
Jan to March quarter. October to December is likely to remain similar. I hope that provides a 
decent perspective on how it is playing out and what we are trying to do. 
Radha: 
Sir secondly you mentioned that till the Chinese New Year we are expecting the demand to 
remain muted so given that last two quarters we have seen significant impact due to the lower 
demand and we have seen a drop in our profitability level so going forward especially in 3Q and 
4Q partially because of the Chinese New Year do we expect to remain profitable or do you see 
any kind of scenario because of the SG&A cost and then lower demand to go into losses? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I do not see us going into losses in any of those scenarios, also to further carve out some of the 
performance is also muted on account of two big countries which have actually been in the losses 
which is US and Germany and in these two countries we have already seen some degree of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 16 
reversal on the trends because some of the outsourcing and cost reduction initiatives have already 
started around August-September like I mentioned so in keeping that into mind unless the 
economic environment will deteriorate further we should only see an improvement from this 
quarter onwards, if there was to be continued deterioration in the economic environment then we 
could see it being flat. We do not foresee a scenario of the performance going further down from 
here but it may not see a significant uplift over the next two quarters and like I said the impact of 
cost reduction initiative as well as the improvements in the microeconomic environment should 
potentially start from Chinese new year around mid Feb and that is where we should possibly 
start seeing some degree of an upward movement that is our anticipation right now based on what 
we see on the ground. 
Radha: 
Sir for the third quarter given that now we are past 45 days for the third quarter so are you seeing 
any kind of an uptake in demand as compared to the second quarter and if so even if we can 
maintain similar volumes can we assume that this is the lowest for our EBIT per TEU? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I would say that we are not seeing any demand uptick. The environment continues to remain 
flat in terms of the overall demand outlook in the market. In terms of EBIT per TEU our best 
estimate is that it should remain flat and should grow on account of two initiatives, one cost 
reduction below GP and second is the turnaround in macroeconomic situation and the third factor 
is reversal in performance of specific countries in our business portfolio so combination of these 
three things should help on the first one on the cost reduction I have a more definitive visibility 
because those are completely controlled internal initiatives and should be completed by 
December and with some severance still being there in the Jan to March quarter from April 
onward should be a clean improvement. On the macroeconomic environment our estimate is 
beyond Feb, New Year things should improve that is something which is based on an assessment 
of ground reality and what we also hear from global trade experts and economic experts. On the 
loss making offices turning around we have seen positive momentum over the last couple of 
months, so that trend should continue and should also help improve the bottomline, so all in all if 
you read into these three trends the performance should remain rangebound for the next quarter 
and then perhaps start to improve primarily from the April quarter onwards is how we look at the 
situation right now and of course these are based on various estimates like I mentioned. 
Radha: 
Sir could you give us any insights on the realization front for this international supply chain 
business so this quarter we are at 114K per TEU and we are given to understand that given that 
freight rates have already come down to pre-COVID levels because of lower demand scenario do 
you see the realizations going down further, if there is any pricing pressure or anything could you 
give us any insights on the realization front? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we were anticipating that there will be an impact on the ocean freight on account of trade 
disruptions getting normalized this is I am referring to 12 months ago. However, as the economic 
slowdown also kicked in on the back of the trade disruptions going away the freight rates have 
dropped significantly now going back to not just pre-COVID levels in some trade lines even 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 16 
below the pre-COVID levels. However, as we maintained that impacts the FCL business largely. 
On the LCL business the challenge is that when freight rates become much lower some of the 
volume from customers can switch to FCL which leads to further pressure on the volume side. 
LCL profitability is still largely driven by the utilization in the box and how much of 40 feet 
boxes can we carry and that is something which has remained almost close to 10% below the last 
year’s levels and that is where we believe the improvement is likely on the back of volumes and 
the trade recovers and in terms of realization I would recommend that when looking at the LCL 
business we do share data on the LCL in CBM and that can possibly help you get a better 
perspective as we charge revenue on a per cubic meter basis. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jia Shah from Wealth Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Jia Shah: 
My question is regarding the plan that you have mentioned for a more simplified structure 
involving Allcargo Gati and Allcargo supply chain could you provide any update on the progress 
or offer a potential timeline for the same? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, this is something which has been under consideration and like we have provided an update in 
the past the Board had advised us to engage with advisors on potential structures and various 
advantages or disadvantages of the same and it is still a matter under discussion and we cannot 
provide any specific updates since the discussions are still underway and there is no concrete 
decision at this point in time. However, like we have maintained in the past any outcome would 
be towards simplification of the structure, and we have continued to build synergies between the 
express and the contract logistics business which now also are under the common leadership. So 
to that extent strategy is clear in terms of the approach and structure things are still under 
discussion and like I said earlier during my comments the recent initiative of providing bonus 
share should also potentially aid the restructuring plan, beyond that it is not possible to share any 
further details at this point in time but as we make any progress and make concrete decisions 
approved by the Board we will definitely come back to all shareholders and stakeholders. 
Jia Shah: 
Alright. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
First of all Happy Diwali Sir and thank you so much for taking my questions so just wanted to 
get a sense I think you partly answered my question so if I can get the correct sense our H2 will 
also be range bound such as H1 it will be on the similar trajectory in H1 and we can see volume 
pickup in FY2025 right is that a fair way to look at it Sir? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So that is largely correct. Our anticipation is that typically the Chinese New Year which falls in 
the month of February is typically a low season after which the pickup starts so December 
usually the demand forecast you can typically see two months out because when you are booking 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 16 
cargo and considering the ocean voyage so we are already in mid of November so it appears that 
the next few months two to three months would remain muted on the demand side and therefore 
post Chinese New Year which is end of Feb onwards we should see pickup that is our 
anticipation and that of course yes means that the Q4 would also be largely a similar trend and 
from April onwards we should see recovery that is what is our estimate at this point of time, you 
are correct. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Why has there been a sudden spike in the depreciation Sir? 
Deepal Shah: 
If you remember in the last quarter we had acquired the balance 38% in the contract logistics 
business which made the ASPL subsidiary into a 100% subsidiary allowing us to consolidate 
line-by-line now that acquisition happened end of May, last quarter it was only one month of 
depreciation from that business which was added. This quarter we have all three months 
depreciation added from that business. Contract logistics business operates through lease 
warehouses across India and because of the lease accounting the INDAS 116 the higher amount 
of depreciation from the contract logistic business has got stuck into the current quarter that is the 
reason the depreciation has bumped up. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Sir leases would impact our interest cost as well so our interest and depreciation are not one of, 
they will continue at these rates correct Sir? 
Deepal Shah: 
Post acquisition Q2 numbers will be, yes that is correct. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
And Sir just one last query Sir our margins have been severely impacted on a PAT basis so do we 
see a possibility that it could further deteriorate then because at around 17 Crores PBT that would 
have a higher impact on, you would have very less margin in terms of EBITDA also right so is 
there a possibility that this could further deteriorate currently and how confident are we that 
FY2025 would start on a better note or is it just that we feel that bottoming out has yet not 
happened? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I just responded to the same question actually that I would just summarize again the improvement 
in performance would be led by our internal initiatives on cost reduction which is a clear 100% 
visibility internally and that is something which is showing results and net of severance cost, etc., 
should definitely make positive contributions from April onwards. On the macroeconomic 
environment we are hopeful of a recovery. We cannot say for certainty but we definitely do not 
see the situation deteriorating with the inflation falling in control and with the economic indicator 
suggesting that the trade could see normalization in the following months we believe that the 
trade should normalize so in terms of the performance what we see we believe that some of the 
factors on external side might remain flattish while internal initiatives could drive up the cost 
initiatives and therefore there should be a positive movement which should fully reflect from 
April quarter onwards that is what I was just responding to in detail and our team would share the 
transcript. I would request you to refer to that for further detailed insights as well. Thank you. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Perfect Sir. Thank you so much Sir. All the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hemesh Desai from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Hemesh Desai: 
I just have a couple of questions the first question will be on the international supply chain 
business how is the share of India compared to US and Europe? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, the share of India in terms of the topline has marginally increased on the account of Indian 
business holding better than the rest of the economies. In terms of profit the share has gone up 
significantly on a relative basis because India continues to do better as compared to some of the 
Western Europe and Americas and like I was mentioning a couple of large countries had also 
been on the loss side which means that the share of India would have gone up. We believe this 
share would remain on a higher level and should possibly also normalize as other countries 
recover in terms of trade volumes and therefore improve performance for us as a business as 
well. 
Hemesh Desai: 
So, could we get an absolute number in terms of percentage a rough idea? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
We do not share in that sense however you could look at the standalone performance of Allcargo 
basically since the express business and contract logistics businesses are under the subsidiary 
standalone business is effectively the business of international supply chain operating in India 
and some of the corporate cost sitting in there so if you look at the standalone numbers you can 
do some analysis on that that would be my recommendation. 
Hemesh Desai: 
Thank you and on the exports part a lot of the dealers have already completed their inventory 
destocking so how do we see volume growth going forward? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Like I mentioned it appears that from a timing point of view we have not seen much pickup for 
December and then towards end Jan and Feb you have Chinese New Year which typically means 
relatively slower trade movement so we believe that the trade pickup should happen post Chinese 
New Year which is towards the end of Feb early March that is our expectation at this point in 
time and that should also mean a few more additional months of the inflation cooling off in 
western economies and that should improve the demand outlook and inventory destocking has 
already happened as it is visible from ample warehouse space available easily across Europe, 
America and even parts of Asia which was not the case 12 months ago. 
Hemesh Desai: 
Which would be the top five countries, and could you help us with the market share over there? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we are very strong in western and northern Europe. We have more than 40% market share in 
Nordic countries and extremely high share in Belgium also close to 40% and in UK and France 
also we have a high share. India of course we are market leaders in the international supply chain 
business, and we are also rapidly improving our market share in lot of Asian economies such as 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 16 
Indonesia, Philippines, Vietnam, and even the main market of China. In terms of the size of the 
market clearly India, China, US and some of the bigger western European countries would form 
the biggest part of our revenue involvement in this business. 
Hemesh Desai: 
Just the last question are there any progress of new acquisitions in Germany? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
No, so we continue to integrate and rationalize the cost because unlike other acquisitions which 
were plug in this is an acquisition which is also merger in a way with our German operations and 
the fair-trade operations finding synergies and that process continues and no further development 
beyond what is already being shared. 
Hemesh Desai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Savai with Abakkus. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Savai: 
Hi most of my questions are actually answered. Just a couple of ones you said something about 
non-strategic trade lines so can you just help me out with the contribution in terms of volumes 
and how much does it contribute at EBITDA level? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I mentioned non-strategic trade lanes could be roughly about negative $200,000 for the 
quarter. These are basically trade lanes which are business trade lanes but not strategically 
important to be continued in loss and therefore there could be some opportunities for 
rationalization. 
Nirav Savai: 
So, they have about $200,000 in terms of loss at EBITDA level, right? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, trade lanes you typically look at the gross profit level because the manpower cost or admin 
cost does not change with trade lanes. 
Nirav Savai: 
Right and this contributes what percentage of overall volume? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
This will be a very minuscule portion. 
Nirav Savai: 
Lastly on this 38% stake which we acquired in our supply chain business what was the outflow 
there behind that. I think the announcement has happened in the month of March but as you said 
it happened in the month of May so what has been the cash outflow on account of this 
acquisition? 
Deepal Shah: 
At the gross level, the total net outflow was around 120 Crores because it gave away the CCFF 
business so yes that was around the net outflow. 
Nirav Savai: 
All three put together KWE, this supply chain and.. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Deepal Shah: 
It basically was around 405 Crores so 525 Crores is what between KWE and contract logistic 
business is the outflow in the Q1 and YTD Q2. 
Nirav Savai: 
Also, we had increased the stake in Nordicon to 90% so was it about 180 to 200 Crores there? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so just to add to that like Deepal mentioned about 525-530 Crores is the domestic 
acquisitions and the international acquisitions of fair trade in January and Nordicon later in the 
year put together would be approximately 250 Crores so all put together we are talking about 
roughly about 750-800 Crores of acquisition. 
Nirav Savai: 
This has all happened in the first half of 2024 only? 
Deepal Shah: 
Correct. 
Nirav Savai: 
Alright that is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Marsal an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Marsal: 
My question is regarding this express distribution I hope this is Gati business in India mainly? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, the express business is the business operating under Gati Express and Supply Chain which 
is a subsidiary of the listed entity Gati Limited. 
Marsal: 
So like it is very disappointing to mention that like in India all business are flourishing I know 
some of the business who happens to be my distant relative they are bringing Crores of rupees 
whereas their business size is much smaller in terms of the capital investment and so on, on this 
business we are losing significantly number one, number two in the September quarter we have 
added about Rs.140 Crores additional segment asset in this segment and there is increase in 
segment liability of 30 Crores so net of liability we have added another Rs.110 Crores so we have 
invested almost Rs.1500 Crores and our result is like almost flat, there is no increase in the 
revenue although there is like every one year the price increase by the oil company plus on the 
top like if you see the segment result we have lost last year Rs.24 Crores and this year we are 
going to lose about Rs.18 Crores we already lost maybe we lose Rs.40 Crores so what is your 
game plan to reduce the cost of this segment number one and what is the game plan to increase 
more you can say for example if it is a corporate customer what is the target given to your sales 
personal to enroll more the corporate customer and how to turn around this division otherwise 
this is bleeding from here? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, your observations on the impact on the financials in terms of the capital investments invested 
in Gati and the underlying subsidiary and the current business contraction in terms of the bad 
contribution are valid. However, I would like to bring to your attention that the strategy at Gati 
has always been to turnaround an enterprise which was loss making, losing market share with 
rundown infrastructure with a magnitude of problems a lot has been achieved over two years of 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 16 
transformational initiatives at Gati. All the hubs have been redeveloped. In the quarter gone by 
we saw a significant increase in volume which also indicates market share expansion for the first 
time in perhaps last close to 8 years of Gati losing its market share. The management team has 
also been able to drive significant digital initiatives, the volumes have come back in, the 
infrastructure is now in place, so we are quite optimistic that the company should start delivering 
profits as well in the quarters to follow and it is our belief that has led to the second tranche of 
investment as well which we made earlier this year in the underlying subsidiary considering that 
Gati is also a listed company and to be fair to all shareholders we generally refrain from getting 
too deep on the Gati discussions and I would also encourage you to look at the commentary 
shared on extreme details in the business around strategies for key enterprise accounts, expansion 
of the MSME segment as well in the Gati Limited’s earnings call as well but in terms of the 
performance of the company like I said the operational parameters started to improve earlier this 
year. The volumes have started to show trend in the last few months showing a great quarter 
ending September in terms of the volumes and we believe that the performance should improve 
in the coming quarters in terms of the profits as well as the operating leverage plays out. 
Marsal: 
Ravi babu thank you for the generic response. I do not need a generic response. The point I am 
drawing is that even if I consider about Rs.15 Crores increase in the revenue during September 
quarter and like now it is 441 Crores so even if extrapolate by four it makes only like Rs.1768 
Crores which is even less than the last year. Last year we achieved 1723 or like this is a marginal 
increase, it is like 1768 so by this way I think we are only passing time let me bit harsh here 
because even I am surprised that even on a quarterly turnover for Rs.441 Crores we are not 
EBITDA positive, I am not even talking about net positive, there are companies which are not 
even doing Rs.200 Crores per quarter and hefty profit they are making there so it is very clear 
that your fixed cost base is very high here because see if you are just going to wait for this 
turnover increase and revenue share and volume it is like as we have picked some corner and 
bottom like this, by this way it is not going to help out, the cost structure in this business is way 
high because like I am surprised I am not even taking net positive I am talking only EBITDA 
positive so at the same time if you see for example our profitability at the consolidated level has 
significantly gone down but we have increased the salary by Rs.30 Crores like during this quarter 
our salary budget has gone by Rs.30 Crores. There are many listed companies in India wherein 
the profit like slightly lower than last year the senior management has not taken an increase here 
the salary has become of a permanent cost so there is a humble suggestion recommendation and 
feedback that something drastically restructuring must be done here in terms of cost overall in 
terms of reducing fixed cost otherwise 1700 Crores turnover and we are the EBITDA negative 
something is drastically wrong otherwise in this kind of like turnover at least we must make 
Rs.200 Crores EBITDA positive the way other courier companies. You can name many 
companies you can say about Flyking, you can say for Professional Courier, you can say like this 
other company DTDC, they are all making good profit, so some sort of surgical operation is 
needed here. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Your comments are really noted and we will pass on to the management team of Gati as well and 
I would just also recommend that you look at the performance not at the consolidated level in 
Gati because there are other businesses such as fuel station sitting in the parent listed entity and a 
few other businesses historically which have been closed down which are loss making so I would 
recommend that from the express business perspective you could look at the underlying 
operating entity Gati Express Supply Chain performance and I would also recommend that you 
could potentially get more insights and direct responses from the Gati management during our 
earnings call for Gati Limited, having said that we will pass on your comments and observations 
to the management team. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Sir as you mentioned that there is a slowdown in the business in Germany and China so what was 
the contribution in supply chain business one year back of these countries and how much is the 
current contribution? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, I responded on that earlier that the contribution of India has gone up because India has been 
relatively better performing market and there are a few other countries which have seen growth 
from last year, but they are on the smaller size countries such as Brazil and the Latin Americas. 
In terms of the decline on profitability we have seen some of the western European countries, US 
and China as the most impacted countries exact percentage shares on a country basis we do not 
share but we will see if we can provide some indications in the upcoming investor presentation so 
it can be accessed by everyone. We will take that into consideration. 
Abhishek Jain: 
My next question is from the contract logistic business so share of the e-commerce is increasing 
now so despite that the margin is very much strong in the second quarter will this be sustainable? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, the margin in this business should be sustainable as we are already investing in white spaces 
which are already at an optimal level, so it is not that we have a low white space in terms of the 
staff cost also. We have well provided for the growth initiative, so this is one business which like 
I have always maintained has continued to remain strong for us over the last six, seven years and 
continues to both grow well and hold reasonable profit numbers as well and we see the trend 
continue in the coming quarters as well. 
Abhishek Jain: 
My last question on the capex side how much capex you have incurred in the first half and what 
is your plan for the full year FY2024? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, our strategy is to be asset light and therefore we do not see any significant capex besides 
some of the technology initiatives, but I would also request my colleague, Deepal to add on the 
capex during the last six months and the coming six months. Deepal over to you! 

 
 
 
 
 
 
           Allcargo Logistics Limited 
November 15, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Deepal Shah: 
You are right we have an asset-light strategy, so we do not have any significant capex during the 
first half of the year. The only additions if any have come from the contract logistics merger 
except for maintenance capex and routine IT capex in terms of maintenance and buying new 
laptops or anything or servers, other than that we do not have large capex and couple of real 
estate in terms of refurbishing some of the premises, etc. Other than that, we do not have any 
capexes for the year planned. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks Sir. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you all for joining in and I hope we were able to respond to your questions providing 
clarity and insights as much as we could. I would encourage you to stay in touch with our 
investor relations team, reach out for your queries, feedback, and suggestions, it is your 
suggestions and questions that help us continue to improve our investor communication and 
wherever we see a sustained demand for a particular kind of information we try to include that in 
our investor presentation for the benefit of all stakeholders. On that note wish you continued 
great festive joys and thank you very much for joining us today. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Dolat Capital that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
