                                                                                                  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited 
CIN NO. L24231 HP1984PLC006028 
Corp. Off.: 2nd Floor, Tower C, DLF Cyber Park, Udyog Vihar-III, Sector-20, Gurugram, Haryana-122016, INDIA 
TEL.: +91 124 4892000, E-mail: corporate@morepen.com, Website: www.morepen.com 
 
Regd. Off.: Morepen Village, Malkumajra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi, Distt. Solan (H.P.) -173205, INDIA 
Tel.: +91 1795 266401-03, 244590, Fax: +91 1795 244591, E-mail: plants@morepen.com 
 
Date: 08.11.2023 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai- 400 051 
Symbol: MOREPENLAB 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500288 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call –  Q 2 FY 24 
 
Reference: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“Listing 
Regulations”)  
Dear Sir/Ma’am, 
 
Please find attached transcript of Earnings Conference Call organized on Friday, 3rd November 
2023 at 12.15 P.M. (IST) subsequent to declaration of unaudited standalone and consolidated 
financial results for the quarter and half year ended 30th September 2023.  
The aforesaid transcripts is also available on the website of the company viz., www.morepen.com 
Kindly take note of aforesaid into your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Morepen Laboratories Limited  
  
  
Vipul Kumar Srivastava  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: a/a. 
 
VIPUL 
KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA
Digitally signed 
by VIPUL KUMAR 
SRIVASTAVA 
Date: 2023.11.08 
16:10:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 24 
 
 
“Morepen Laboratories Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Results Conference Call” 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUSHIL SURI -- CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
MR. AJAY SHARMA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- 
MOREPEN LABORATORIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GOPAL CHANDAK - KIRIN ADVISORS 
 
 
 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 24 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Morepen Laboratories 
Limited Q2 FY24 result conference call, hosted by Kirin Advisors. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference has been recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gopal Chandak from Kirin Advisors. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Gopal Chandak: 
Thank you. On behalf of Kirin Advisors, I welcome you all to Morepen 
Laboratories Limited Q2 FY24 concall. From the management side, we have 
Mr. Sushil Suri, Chairman and Managing Director, and Mr. Ajay Sharma, 
Chief Financial Officer. Now I hand over the call to Mr. Sushil Suri. Over to 
you, sir. . 
Sushil Suri: 
Good afternoon, all the friends and shareholders. I'm very happy to be back 
with the investor conference after some gaps due to some logistics reasons. So, 
I must say that this is the right time of the year to have the calls and have the 
results because the festivities have started, the country is booming, and of 
course, in Delhi the winter is already there. You can see the cloudy weather 
already outside, but good fun. 
So we had already shared the results yesterday on the Stock Exchange, and I'm 
sure you might have a chance to go through. So I'll just give you a running 
commentary, what is going, and of course, after that you can ask questions. If 
you look at the quarter, this was a phenomenal quarter as compared to the 
previous years. 
So the quarter as a whole had been very smooth. Against the INR403 crores 
last year, INR404 crores, we have INR 425 crores. On the revenue side, it looks 
like there's a 5% increase. So though at a number of INR 400 crores and 
INR425 crores, they don't look very big, 5% increase in revenue. But if you 
look at the individual business segments, when we will go further, you will see 
that there's a lot happening. 
The interesting point here is that the phenomenal 5% increase in the net 
revenues, our profit after tax has gone up 34%. You can imagine before tax, 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 24 
 
it's naturally much more. So after tax profit is 34% increase from INR15.82 
crores, it has jumped to INR21.26 crores. So that's the net summary of the 
quarter. But if we go further and look at the half yearly results also, there is a 
wonderful improvement in the results. So we have from INR707 crores moved 
to INR828 crores in the half year. There's an absolute increase of 17% for the 
half year. Last quarter was around 33%. This year is around 5%, an average 
17% increase in the half year. 
But sometimes, we are in a B2B business, most of the business is B2B. So 
sometimes the customer buys material in one quarter. Sometimes the shipment 
goes to the next quarter. So quarter on quarter variations are obviously covered 
when we look at the half yearly results. On a half yearly basis, there is a 17% 
increase in the revenue, including all segments. 
And the profit has jumped almost by two-thirds. There's a 67% growth in the 
profit after tax in the first half of the year as compared to the last year. Here I 
would say though the numbers are small from INR21 crores to INR36 crores, 
but important here is that, last year the business was not very, I would say, 
buoyant and there were surplus inventories in the market, there was a price 
crash, and there were too many things happening around because the market 
was stabilizing. 
Thankfully, for the last two consecutive quarters, the business has stabilized, 
and it is on a growth track. Of course, the travels have started, and our teams 
are visiting customers, and of course there are exhibitions happening, whether 
in Thailand or China. Now recently it was in Europe, Barcelona. Now there's 
an exhibition happening in India, CPHI in November, it is happening in Noida. 
So I would say all around there's a happy, happy situation. 
And overall, from a 5% in quarter one, 17% in H1, that's the starting point. If 
I look at the highlights, which is already there in the presentation, the domestic 
revenue is up 26% in the first half, in the quarter, and 31% in the first half. 
This, the domestic revenue has gone under INR280 crores. So this itself shows 
that there is much improvement, but major improvement here in the domestic 
revenue is coming from medical devices. 
Because in the API, export is up by 14%, and domestic is down by 13% in 
quarter-on-quarter. So in the API segment, we have tried to avoid domestic 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 24 
 
sales, and tried to push more towards exports. But yes, we have to cater to both 
the markets. But as compared to the last year, the domestic market has 
declined. And of course, in the overall API segment has grown 5% in half 
yearly. Medical devices, like I said, had a jump of 41%. It was a huge jump in 
this quarter. And in the H1 also, for the half year also, medical devices have 
grown by 44%. 
So I would say it's a phenomenal growth, and the team is working very hard 
for the better reach, and of course, better production. The Finished Dosage 
market, which is our domestic formulations, this has been growing 
consistently. In the first half, it has grown by 12%, while in the quarter, it has 
grown 16%. So very good growth, very stable growth.  
Now the interesting point is, after all the upsides and downsides in the sales, 
EBITDA has grown up by 24% that is what comes to the bottom. That is what 
is adding to the bottom line. And for the first half, H1, EBITDA is up 44%. Of 
course, there is an upside in the percentage, but amount also. And more 
important is that there is a lot of control in the expense side also. 
So we are very confident that going forward, we will be able to continue and 
maintain these EBITDA levels. So of course, the nice EBITDA is giving us a 
good jump in the profit, 29% in the Q2, and 61% profit up in the first half, 
which is phenomenal again. And PAT, which is the profit after tax, there is an 
increase of 34%. 
So on the whole, if we look at it, all parameters are positive, and the company 
is on a growth path, even though we had a little slowdown in the previous 
years. This year, comparing with the previous years, actually the numbers are 
looking very healthy, but major is that there is a stabilized growth. And if we 
look at the top line, quarter and quarter basis, so last year, spring quarter was 
almost INR400 crores, and then INR350 crores, then INR360 crores, then INR403, crores 
then INR425 crores. 
We look at the bottom, if the bottom was last year, third quarter. From there, 
we have grown up almost 20%, but quarter to quarter also we have grown 5%. 
Year on year also we have grown 5%. But if you look at the half year -- half 
year the revenues is 17% growth. Now in the half year, our revenue is INR828 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 24 
 
crores, while last year, half year was INR707 crores. So we have added almost 
INR121 crores of business in first half. 
And if you look at the CAGR of the company as a whole, company has been 
growing at 19% CAGR. So 19% CAGR on a compounded annual growth rate 
is pretty good in today's market, while the whole world is crying here and there 
are so many turmoil happening, sometime in China, sometime in Israel, 
sometime in Russia. But we have been consistently growing at CAGR of 19%, 
so that speaks volumes about efforts the team is doing. This is on the overall 
performance. 
If we go to the individual segments, as you already know that we are an 
integrated company with most of the forward integration and backward 
integration or everything under one company, our core business is API, which 
is in the parent company, then medical devices. Medical devices also, as of 
today, is still in the parent company, but there's a plan to move it to the separate 
subsidiary. Between API and medical devices, this is like 80% to 90% of the 
business. 
Then formulation business, till last quarter it was in the same company, in 
Morepen Laboratories Limited, but in 15th of August, it has been moved to a 
separate subsidiary, Morepen RX Limited. So now this quarter, half of the sales 
is clocked in the parent company, half is clocked in the RX – Morepen RX 
Limited in the subsidiary, but everything is consolidated in the parent 
management, that's 100% subsidiary. 
So over the counter, which is the OTC, Dr. Morepen products, Burnol, 
Lemolate, ORS, all those products, those are already in the subsidiary. So we 
have two active subsidiaries now. Other than this, we have one passive 
subsidiary, Total Care, there's no business in that. And then there is a US 
subsidiary, which is just a frontend of Morepen for API, so there's no extra 
business, only the sales of US is handled through that US subsidiary. So that 
also consolidates back to parent company. 
So that's about different segments, but if we go further down and see which 
segment has grown, which segment has grown less or more, API business, as 
I shared in the first half, has grown by 5%, but during this quarter, this is 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 24 
 
technically down by 13% by revenue, but if you look at micro details, API 
revenue is down, but API volume has gone up by 25%. 
The number of tons or number of kgs material produced is up 25%, but there 
is a reduction in the sale price, because last year there was a lot of increase in 
the cost of raw materials. Because of increased cost of raw materials, we had 
to increase the prices also. We were not able to pass on fully, but there was an 
increase, but now our prices are softening, and benefit is being passed to the 
customers. 
So as compared to the last year, there's a 28% reduction in the sales realization. 
Because of this, we have to produce more quantity even to maintain the same 
level, but all the customers have ordered the same goods, they have been able 
to maintain the same gross margin, but on the face of it, it looks like the 
realization is low, but going forward, as the market firms up a little better, we'll 
have better realization and better numbers to show. 
But good point is that the volumes are growing, we are increasing capacities, 
and as we shared in our last quarter and during our AGM also, that there's a lot 
of pressure in the production, we are falling short of capacity, so we have to 
enhance capacities, so when we come to product-wise product, we'll explain 
you what is happening at that level. 
Second segment is medical devices. As I already shared, there's a 41% increase 
in medical devices, 44% in the half year, 16% in the quarter, and 12% in the 
half year, and OTC is 22% increase in the quarter, and it is almost quite, when 
we talk of half year, it is minus 3% in the half year, that's the segment-wise 
thing. And if I now look at the API revenues, now I'm going segment-by-
segment, API revenues have been growing by a CAGR of 20% so far. Now we 
have clocked INR415 crores already, and as compared to INR394 crores last 
year, there's a 5% Y-o-Y growth, year-on-year growth. And similarly, for the 
quarter also, it has a 5% increase, quarter-on-quarter, last quarter it was 
INR203 crores, now it is INR212 crores. 
But here, as you will see in the presentation, which is already there with you, 
that there is almost a stable at INR200 crores, INR200 crores, INR215 crores, 
so this is where I think we have to find, we are trying to look at more products 
and more capacity enhancement, otherwise we don't see much growth 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 24 
 
happening around, but while we stabilize the growth at this level, now we see 
that, okay, how do we go higher from this in the API business. 
If I look at the continent-wise sales, this is an interesting development that the 
US market share has gone up by almost 2.5%, from 12.9 to 15.3%, because US 
exports have gone up, because of a new product approval, Fexofenadine that's 
Allegra in the US. Europe market, this first half hasn't done very well, some of 
the countries have not been able to reply, you know the reason, Europe was 
very disturbed because of that Russia thing, and lately also it is disturbed. So 
Europe market, we have lost almost 5% market share within our own division. 
Asian market has also been down from 21% to 19% something, because of the 
China factor, and of course, certain other Middle East countries are also down 
in the MENA market, from 12.1% to 9%, but there is an upside in Indian 
market, from 30.6% to 34.8% the Indian market has gone up, South American 
market has also gone up. So if we see on the whole, India has gone up, South 
America has gone up, US has gone up, so these are the three major markets 
which have gone up. So in the first half, let's see, if there are two other quarters 
pending. Here as a whole we will review, how does it, if things fall forward. 
If you look at the major products which are contributing to the eight API 
growth, so as I shared in the US market, it is Fexofenadine, there is 413% 
increase as compared to last year, Rosuvastatin, that's anti-cholesterol, 
cholesterol reducing agent, 26% increase, Atorvastatin again for cholesterol, 
there is a 12% increase, and another Sartan, which is a cardiac product, 
Olmesartan, so this is 172% increase. These are the major products, which have 
contributed to the increase. 
And certainly, one must say in case, there is a 400%, 200% growth, in the 
products, why is the sales only 5% increase, so in one of the products 
Loratadine, which is our major product for US market, so there is a decrease 
in sales, because the customer did not get tendered, for this particular year, so 
it was based on government supplies, maybe they get a tender late in this year, 
or maybe next year, so there is a gap there. But as a whole, US market is 
growing. 
Coming to the core of the API, and if you track the social media, like LinkedIn, 
or other platforms, the company is getting very active, in the filing of DMFs, 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 24 
 
and in filing of the patents, and filing of the CPs, and registration, so the 
company is already approved, by US FDA, EDQM, EU GMP, and PMDA 
Japan, ANVISA Brazil, KFDA from Korea, then TGA Australia, then China, 
and of course, the WHO GMP. 
So we have go all the approvals, as it stand today, we have 543 patents, there 
are 26 US DMFs, there are 11 CPs for the European market, then for the China 
market, we have got 8 import licenses, and non-US DMFs for all other 
countries, whether Europe, or Asia, or South Africa, or Tanzania, so we have 
185 DMFs filed for the various products, and we have launched 41 new 
products, in the last three years. 
So this is a big work, which our regulatory and RA team is doing. So if you 
look at the new DMF filings, so we have filed new DMFs for Desloratadine, 
Loratadine, Edoxaban, Rivaroxaban, Montelukast, Linagliptin, Metagliptin, 
for different form of Linagliptin, and then there is a Saxagliptin, so there have 
been various filings of the DMFs. And on the new patents, we’ve got new 
patents for Rivaroxaban, Fexofenadine, Dapagliflozin. 
So there are activities happening, basically this is what the company's future 
is. The more products we launch, the more DMFs we have, the more patents 
we file, so this gives us an opportunity to interact with the customers, and 
customers get comfort level, that we have got an IP in this segment. 
So as I shared, that we have been developing new products every quarter, so 
there is an interesting product Tafamidis, which has been developed, basically 
it is used for cardiomyopathy, so basically. Once the heart has got -- muscles 
get hard, and it cannot pump more blood, so we use Tafamidis, so it will 
basically soften those muscles. And another product is, Ticagrelor. Ticagrelor 
is more of an anti-platelet, basically whenever you have any, clots in the blood, 
so they give you Ticagrelor. So these are the two important products, which 
have been recently launched. And we are now looking for more customer 
acquisition in these two products. 
As I shared that, we are falling short of the capacities, and the customers are 
asking more-and-more material, even though the prices are lesser, so we have 
started a new production block, P11, and please don't get confused, with the 
name P11, we already have 10 production blocks, P1, P2, P3, P4, up to P10, 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 24 
 
so P11 is a new production block, there is P11A also, so this is the 11th 
production block. Because we have 60 acres of land parcel, which is a new 
production block come up. 
Then we have increased the capacity, of Montelukast from 55 tons to 66 tons. 
So this is also because of the increased demand. And as I shared earlier that, 
there are more supplies to the domestic market, so Indian market consumes 
more Montelukast, than the European and US market. So there is a lot of 
supplies going in the country. 
So now coming to the interesting, medical devices, or diagnostics business. 
This has been growing at a CAGR of 25%, year-on-year. For the last three 
years, it has been growing. Now this year, the growth is 44%, now you can 
imagine, against 25% CAGR, we are already at 44%. So in case we continue, 
even we get 30%, 35% growth per year, so that would be a good growth. And 
looking in quarter-on-quarter also, as compared to the first quarter, the second 
quarter, 16% growth.  
And we compare the quarterly results, we compare quarter-on-quarter, because 
there is a sequential thing. But when we look at the yearly, then we look at the 
average number. So on quarter-on-quarter also, there is a 16% increase, and on 
the CAGR basis also, there is an increase, medical devices as a whole, is doing 
very good. We are already at INR248 crores, so last year total was INR327 
crores. So maybe this year we will easily cross INR400 cores. 
So within medical devices, our major business is Glucometer, which has grown 
by 42%, we are almost INR200 crores already in the meters, glucometers and 
strips. Quarter-on-quarter, it is 12%, and for the half year it is 42%. So there is 
more-and-more meters being installed, and we have a happy customer base of 
10.6 million numbers, so almost 11 million customers, satisfied happy 
customers, who buy our strips regularly. And of course, this number keeps on 
increasing. 
So we have sold almost 1.4 billion strips, which is almost equivalent to 
population of India. So in case, I mean just to give a reference, every Indian 
use one strip, so many strips we have already sold. Now there are 11 million 
active users, and customers who place orders regularly, and they buy other 
products also. We have sold in the first half 1.26 million meters. 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 24 
 
Then coming to the next products, which is BP monitors. This is also doing 
very nicely, and there is a 52% increase in the first half itself, as compared to 
the last year. So it is as good as the COVID level. During COVID time 
maximum was 84 crores sales, for this product, now in half year we have 
clocked 44 crores. So quarter-on-quarter it has increased 17%. So BP is 
growing, glucose is growing, rest are small products.  
Coming to the typical formulation business, which is our doctor prescription, 
formulation manufacturing, institution supplies, supplies to Jan Aushadhi, and 
supplies to other government schemes, so there is a 12% increase year-on-year, 
and for the quarter-on-quarter, there is a 4% growth. So very stable business, 
very regular business, and we are here expanding the team, increasing the team 
slowly, and this is one of the major area of expansion we want to focus. Here 
our growth had been pretty slow, till date, CAGR is 10% as compared to 18% 
in API, and 29% in medical devices, it is only 10% CAGR. So this is our focus 
area for the future. 
And in the formulation business, the growth had been more from the 
antibiotics, 24% is antibiotics, vitamins haven't grown much, it is only 1%, 
52% growth is coming on the gastro products, and 135% growth on the other 
small products. 
Then coming to Dr. Morepen OTC, which is our brand, I would say, our 
darling. So Dr. Morepen is a very nice brand, with most popular brand like, 
Burnol and Lemolate in it. So it has grown 9% quarter-on-quarter, but while 
for the half year, it is almost flat, from INR49 crores to 48 crores. So 1% or 
2% up or down, but it has been growing consistently at CAGR of 13%. So all 
businesses have been growing consistently, when you look at the overall. But 
last couple of years, because of this COVID, pre-COVID, post-COVID, there 
were a lot of fluctuations, but now things are stabilizing thankfully. 
In Dr. Morepen OTC, the major growth driver was Burnol and as you know, 
Burnol is a very prestigious product, it's a 75 year old burn product. This is the 
only one burn cream in the country, and which has the highest recall, and other 
than using Burnol, people use Burnol for having a lot of other means also, and 
a lot of political jokes are cracked around Burnol. So it's a very good brand 
recall. 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 24 
 
Then ORS is a very good product for us, Oral Rehydration Salts, so this is 76% 
growth in that. Then General Health, wherein we have a generic basket of 
products, 38% growth, but here there's one category, which we are strategically 
declining is online. We were investing a lot of money in online, during COVID 
time and post-COVID also, but we have seen that the online business, 
consumes a lot of capital, and needs a lot of marketing spend, and it is more of 
a valuation game, and not a profit game. So we are strategically reducing our 
spending on online, and there's a 31% reduction in the sales also. 
Then coming to the last slide, on the financial highlights. As I already shared, 
net revenue up 5%, EBITDA 24%, profit before tax is up 29%, profit after tax 
34%. That's on the quarterly basis. If you look at the half yearly basis, net 
revenue up 17%, EBITDA up 44%, profit up 61%. And I think we have 
discussed that, profit after tax up 67%, these are the two main financial slides, 
then in the presentation, you can have a look, we have talked beyond numbers 
also, because numbers are only the result. 
But who is producing the numbers, so naturally there are people behind it, 
there's a talent behind it, there's a whole journey which happens day in day out, 
so we are adding a lot of fresh talent, and with diverse experience, and of course 
with huge potential coming up, so we have on-boarded a lot of senior members 
of the team, so we have a chief growth officer in APA now, Lalit Baregama, 
he has 20 years of experience with companies like Cadila, VIMTA Labs, and 
Pramod Singh has recently joined, he's from Centrient, DSM Sinochem, 25 
years of experience, Mr. Mahesh Tiwari, again a Territory Growth Head, 17 
years of experience, Manish Gupta, again a Territory Head, Jubilant, Sun 
Pharma, Biocon, so basically we are getting the best talent in the market, and 
more and more people are happy to join a winning team. 
And on the formulation side also, we have a Senior AVP, Mr. Ashutosh 
Sharma, with 29 years of experience, with Netco, Cadila, Torrent, and Mr. 
Puneet Chawla has joined as a National Sales Manager for the Rx, again 21 
years of experience, MSN, Biocorner, Astro, so we are getting talent from the 
industry, on the plant side, we have recently had Anju Singh, as our DGM HR, 
and she's also having 20 years of experience, Mahindra, and Eduoriens, and on 
the corporate communication side, we have added Nitika Saini, who is our 
corporate communication manager, she works for the NGO called CARE, and 
she has all the international experience, basically we are growing on all fronts, 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 24 
 
and adding good talent, and as a company we are seeing that, as a company is 
growing, and I'm happy to share that we've got more than 3000 people on board 
now. 
So we have to have a lot of employee engagement, team work, and team spirit, 
so around 6 months ago, we started our weekly feature of Bubble Chat, 
wherein, it's a company in-house talk show, wherein we interview the senior 
people, industry leaders, and slowly, slowly, in the season one, we had a 
weekly show, now we have moved it to monthly, so here, more and more 
people are given a chance to interact with the industry, with the seniors, seniors 
from the plant, seniors from the head office, and even the industry experts, like 
Dr. Ram Charan, who is our global CEO advisor. 
And we had invited Mr. Shiv Khera once, and we have some medical tips, 
some kind of nutrition tips, basically the whole idea is to interact with the 
people, and understand them, and connect with them, and of course, these days, 
now it has gone a little bit further, and now we do a live streaming of Bubble 
Chat, so that people can join from the outside also, whosoever has interest in 
that. 
And as a second effort, we are doing mentorship programs for the team, for 
their knowledge enhancement, skill development, and we had a Masterclass 
this month, early this month, the last one, 3rd of October, with Dr. Ram Charan, 
and of course, again, it was 150 people who attended that Masterclass. Then 
the company has been working hard on the employee motivation, and 
development, and teamwork, and we have been awarded the best company to 
work for in 2023, by Tradeflock, so their team has visited 2-3 times, they did 
all the survey and research, and of course, interviewed the people, and were 
awarded a prize for the best company to work. 
Of course, miles to go, but a lot of activities happening to keep the team 
motivated, so as advised by our masters, and our third party consultants, to 
keep pace with the change, we are trying to have a better connect on 
digitization and technology, so we have done three, four initiatives lately, so 
there's a program called Connect 360, so this is our in-house program, wherein 
we have a lot of initiatives to connect with the team members, through 
technology, one-on-one talks, relationships. 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 24 
 
So that we keep the team motivated, and for the fast communication, and to 
avoid any conclusions, other than email, we have started a process called Slack, 
so this is more like a combination of, I would say, WhatsApp and email, it 
works like WhatsApp, but it is more regulated, and controlled, and secret, and 
controlled, and also, it sits on the company's server, and there's no privacy 
issues, so nobody can delete the data, so even if someone leaves the data, and 
it's shared, it's not with the company 
So we have initiated that, and lately we have activated a consumer-front 
salesforce, so salesforce is a package for CRM, which is a Customer 
Relationship Management, so this is also one of the best ones, given the best 
software, which is available in the world, so of course, then, a lot of other 
activities happening, within the company, to keep the employees motivated, 
and overall, I would say, we carry on the team of connect, communicate, and 
collaborate, so this year, that's the theme, last year, we, post-COVID, our theme 
was love heals, because everybody needs more love, and more human 
connection. 
So now it is connect, communicate, so there's a lot of effort going on, connect 
and communicate, and of course, ultimately, collaborate, so I would say, this 
is the broad commentary, on the results, so of course, I can keep on talking 
more, but I would leave it for you guys, to open for the question and answer, 
or if you want to throw some light, on the numbers and results, or if you want 
to try to say, any questions on that, 
Ajay Sharma: 
The numbers are already covered, so we can take up the questions, whenever 
it comes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, we will now begin, the question-and-answer session. 
And the first question is from the line of Darshit, from Robo Capital, please go 
ahead, 
Darshit: 
Hi, so thank you for taking my question, I just wanted, like a basic overview, 
for the next two, three years, what are the plans, how are we moving forward 
with them, and if there are any key drivers, or if you can give some idea, on 
revenue and margins, 
Sushil Suri: 
Darshit as, I already shared that, all businesses are at growth path, but certainly, 
we are very positive and bullish, that the current growth, of CAGR of 15% to 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 24 
 
20% will continue, so of course, within each segment, some segment may be 
up one quarter, or may be down next quarter, or depending on the market 
season, and availability of materials, because there is a lot of, dependence on 
imports earlier, so I would say, outside 20%, 15% bare minimum, CAGR. 
We would expect to clock continuously, and as we keep on growing, so our 
margins, are certainly will go up, as you have seen that last year, it was around 
6.5%, now it is 8 point something, so on an average, 2% or 2% margins have 
gone up, net EBITDA margins. So since the expenses are already there, of 
course we are -- rolled out expanding the teams also. 
But the basic things are covered, so any increase in the revenue, is going to add 
up to the bottom line also, and as we go forward, from an overall perspective, 
the growth drivers, if we say, the API will continue growing separately, 
medical devices is already growing fast, it will grow faster, and finished usage 
is one of our other areas, we are going to focus, OTC is going to remain, quiet, 
because it needs a lot of investments. So we are expanding the capacities of 
API, and the finished usage. 
Darshit: 
Okay, so do we see the margins, the biggest margins of say, 11% to 12% 
anytime soon, or probably in one or two years? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, I would say it is a slow process, and actually we have seen last year, that 
if you have any aggressive growth, in any particular area, that is not good for 
anybody. So we are going very slow and steady, and we are actually not 
making any, so called fast moves, to get fast bucks, because we are very 
traditional brick-and-mortar company, so we have to set up plants, machinery, 
R&D, regulatory, environment, so we will keep on doing that, and we certainly 
expect EBITDA margins, to be in two digits, in the next financial year. 
Darshit: 
Okay, in the next financial year? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurav Bhutra from IIFL 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thank you for taking the question. I just want a color on 
the API businesses. What you see in the API businesses, in the upcoming, say 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 24 
 
one to two years, and what will be the margin, in the API businesses? Can you 
give the color on this? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, Saurav, as we have shared multiple times, that our core is API, our DNA 
is API, so we are certainly pretty strong, and very bullish on the API. Yes, there 
are basically two main things. One is the regulatory part, which is the 
regulatory skills, like FDA approval, and filing of DMFs and patents, which 
we proudly say we are good at, and we shared in the forums, that FDA 
approval, we have a hat-rick of NIL 483, so we are pretty good on that. Now 
the second part, other than the regulatory and compliance part is the capacity. 
So the companies with large capacities, and huge capacities, and infrastructure, 
certainly they will be able to compete better, because the whole world is 
looking at India as a resource center, as a sourcing hub, and that is against 
China, I would say. So China has got huge capacities, but they are very weak 
in the regulatory. That's why I mentioned regulatory setup as the first thing. 
So as an India market, we are very strong in regulatory, but certainly we have 
low capital base, and we do not have large capacity, so that is, as a company, 
our strategy would remain that we keep investing in the capacity, and we are 
investing as we go. So we see that API to be very bullish, and the 
manufacturing hub, China has already crossed that hub, and they have become 
the manufacturing center, but naturally now the world is looking at an 
alternative. So India is the second alternative. 
So certainly API has got certain challenges with the environment factor, and 
that is the polluting industries, so we are going for zero liquid discharge. So 
we are hopeful that once we are able to handle those things, so API would 
remain very bullish, and we continue growing at 15%-20% CAGR. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Okay. 
Sushil Suri: 
Then API, we have to talk about the new molecules. So when we say as 
Morepen, when we say API, we are not talking of traditional APIs, we are not 
talking of paracetamol, and ceflexane, and amoxicillin in the world. We are 
talking new molecules, with high-gross molecules. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Can you show the color on this? What is the pipeline in the API businesses? 
How many drugs and molecules are there in the pipeline? 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 24 
 
Sushil Suri: 
41 products, which are already currently live. Around 7-8  products are being 
regularly sold, and around 30 products are the new products. Within around 
that, maybe 5-6 products are, I would say, off and on, some countries are 
expired, in some countries they are not expired while there are 20 products, 
which is like a pipeline. 
So the total size of the pipeline, the products that we already have in hand, is 
$67 billion, formulation market. As you would appreciate, formulation market 
is actually highly priced. So even if the market discounts at 70%-80%, even 
90%, we expect $6 billion, $7 billion dollars as the residual market size. And 
even if we get 10% market shares we are home, for the other products that we 
sell now, for example, Loratadine we have 70% market share. For Montelukast  
we have 48% market share. 
So on the same scale, 10% market share, so $500 million to $600 million we 
can easily get in the coming years. Most of the products expire after 2025. By 
2025, there are $67 billion market. 
Saurav Bhutra: 
Okay. Number three question is on the OTC. Sir, from the last few years, if 
you see the business of OTC, your bottom line and top line has been very stable 
and has been rapidly growing at a very slow pace. Can you throw the color on 
this? What is the reason behind that? 
Sushil Suri: 
Saurav, OTC, as I said earlier, OTC basically is a branding business. And 
branding business, you would appreciate that we have very high tariff as per 
the newspapers and TV channels. And of course now, all these e-commerce 
players are competing for the space even in the social media. 
So we had certainly planned that, okay, maybe online is the way to go. But we 
have seen that even in the online market, the cost of customer acquisition is 
very high. So we are purposely keeping ourselves a little shy of the market 
because its need in all digit high spends, but doctor Morepen is brand we are 
getting a priority in the medical devices. 
There we are getting a business of, say, INR400- INR500 crores without much 
investment. There are nominal investments, but without much investment. It's 
a strategic call. It's easy to burn money and throw money, but naturally we 
don't have our so called investor's money to burn like our other startups are 
doing. We are a bit conservative, but certainly there is a brand. So we are 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 24 
 
looking for some tie-ups in there also, where we can get, we just share our so-
called logistics hitch is that our main brand like Burnol, they have got a very 
good reach and thing, but they are very, I would say, focused only for the burns. 
So we can't grow that category. Burns is not a big category. So we are doing 
some strategic calls, but another two to three years' time, so we are planning 
that Dr. Morepen has to go big. It's an independent company, and it is an IPO 
candidate. But certainly we need some good volumes. We are almost at, like 
you said, stable business at INR100 crores. Till it goes to INR200 to INR300 
crores, we can't go to the market. So we'll keep investing, and keep, I would 
say, putting house, in order, and once we see that, okay, there's a big game, so 
we can always say that. 
There are a lot of tie-ups available, people who want to sell products under Dr. 
Morepen brand and actually we don’t have to invest in the branding part, they 
would invest in the brand also. There are certain foreign companies who want 
to tie-up with Dr. Morepen. But we are a bit slow in that, because we are 
evaluating what is our growth path for us. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter 
Cyclical Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, with so many new drugs and APIs in 
our pipeline, what kind of capex in both our API as well as medical devices 
division are we looking for in the next two to three years? 
Sushil Suri: 
I must say, in the API division, so without the corporate expenses, without head 
office expenses, API is giving us EBITDA of 14% to 15%, and medical devices 
around 12% to 13%. But after adding corporate expenses and other things, 
going forward, we are expecting between 10% to 12% EBITDA in the coming 
two to three years' time. But on the whole, corporate expenses are doing very 
good and make good money. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what kind of capex are we looking for in these two -- what type of topics? 
Our Capital expenditure, are we looking to expand? 
Sushil Suri: 
In capex, certainly we have a capex plan of INR125 crores for API's business 
which we certainly have to go for funding, either through debt or through 
equity. We are preferring debt because our equity is already very high. And on 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 24 
 
the medical devices side, there is another capex requirement of INR50 to 
INR75 crores. So that we are not going out and we have internal cash flows 
which we will be using for the medical devices. For the API, as of today, we 
are spending between INR3 to INR4 crores from internal cash accruals. That 
is why there is a shortage of working capital also. 
And since we have not borrowed any money for the past 25 years, we are 
generating –capital, capex only from the internal cash flows. So there is -- 
actually, there is a slow investment but we have huge plans for the capex. So 
maybe once we have a better capex in hand, so we can grow much faster. 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, what kind of asset turnover are you looking from the investment going 
forward? 
Sushil Suri: 
Asset turnover, if we look at today, it is very high. It is five to six times. On an 
asset block of INR200 to INR250 crores, we have INR1500 crores top line. So 
going forward, I would say three to four times the bare minimum we look at. 
Because now these assets are old assets which are depreciated. But going 
forward, if you buy a new asset, between three to four times asset turnover that 
is expected. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, sir. And your final question would be in our API, Glucoses Monitor 
business, what kind of precenting revenue is recurring in the form of strips -- 
from the strips segment? 
Sushil Suri: 
In the Glucometer end, what is that? 
Madhur Rathi: 
So what kind of revenue is recurring in the form of strips that we sell on a 
recurring basis? Since we sell 10 million meter, so what kind of strips revenue 
can be generated from that? That’s what I am asking. 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, Glucometer, our half yearly sale is INR195 crores, almost INR200 crores. 
And INR103 crores is the revenue for the quarter. And last year, full year was 
INR250 crores. Now in half year, we have done INR195 crores. So this is 
Glucometer. Like I said, we have 11 million customer base. So that is the 
recurring revenue that’s we kept. Of course we keep on selling new meters 
also, but we keep on selling the strips also. 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
And sir, what kind of percentage from this revenue comes from strips and new 
meters? 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 24 
 
Sushil Suri: 
Look, we actually do not distinguish, but meters of course we keep selling and 
keep placing. Usually meters are placed at a discount to the customers so that 
they keep buying strips. But strips is the regular business, so we can't 
distinguish which are old customers, which are new customers because 
chemists do not share that data. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Okay, fine. Thank you, sir and all the best. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you, Madhur. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kunal Prakash Shah from SS 
Bharat. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: Sir, we have some questions. First of all, I was looking at your balance sheet, 
sir. Constantly, your OPMs are increasing, but they are increasing at a very 
slow pace. And against that, your products are such that you are saying that 
your sales are growing very fast, but the revenue generated, or the final net 
profit conversion is not visible. Can you tell us about that, sir? 
Sushil Suri: 
I will tell you one by one. Like we said in API, for example, in API, 13% of 
our revenue is down, sales are down. But despite that, half year, there is no 
extraordinary thing. In diagnostics, it has increased by 41%. In formulation, 
16% is yours. If we go to the category, like we said in API, our tax sales growth 
is plus or minus. 
We have growth in four products and negative in USA, India, South America, 
Europe, Asia, and it will be go down in MENA Market and Arabian Market.so 
obviously there is going in some part of plus and some part of minus. The 
number what we have giving as a whole. And if we talk about medical devices, 
there is growth in revenue and also in total, there is a growth in medical 
devices, and glucometer. Formulation is very stable. 4% quarter-on-quarter, 
12% CAGR. If you see year as a whole, CAGR is If you specify, I can see it. 
So any specifics so I can share with you. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: I am able to understand in your presentation, it is the same. It was just that 
where your growth is increasing, if you count in these dollar terms, then there 
is no appreciation in this quarter, it has been a week in rupee dollar terms, so 
according to your opening, it seems a little less, so I am making this specific 
second time point out. Your OPM is less in this quarter. That is why in 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 24 
 
December 2020 to September 2021, your OPM is above 10. After that, it 
drastically OPMs came down. That is why there is difference in EPS. 
Specifically, that is why I asked. Second one is, employee cost is increasing. 
Can you tell me about it? You have already said, employee cost is nearly 
INR74 crores on quarter. 
If you have 3,000 employees, it is INR2,40,000 expenses for three months. On 
those expenses, the returns we see are not up to that level. I asked you, where 
the problem is. We have heard the previous forecast from Sushil sir… 
Sushil Suri: 
Our CFO Ajay Sharma sir, he will tell you. Let me shift the phone 
Ajay Sharma: 
This is Ajay. What we are talking about API. In API, what our Chairman had 
discussed, our Loratadine is less selling. Loratadine, in last year first half, the 
top line was INR130 crores. This time, it is at INR69 crores. It was giving us 
60% plus margin. In return, as compare to it, the rest of the products have sold 
more but their margin is only 40%. So this the reason for API's top line getting 
affected and it getting impacted on bottom line. 
So, if we look at the margin of API, then the average margin is 40%. So, this 
time because of the change in the margin, the margin has decreased. So, it has 
an impact on the top line and bottom line. If we talk about the other divisions, 
in the formulation, let's talk about devices first. 
In devices, our averagely EBITDA level is 10% to 11%. So even today it is 
maintained. And formulation, because we don't have a top line, so in the three 
segments of the formulation, like the Rx business, the branded generic 
business, which doesn't have a top line, so, we have a branded generated 
business, which is not at the top. So, we generally face losses. 
So, the API generated, the devices generated at the lower level, the 
formulation, because it has some losses, the impact of the API plus devices 
generated is not fully effected. So maybe in the next year when our formulation 
revenue will increase, so the formulation revenue which has hit INR4 crores- 
INR5 crores in this quarter, so that will take care that next financial year 
onwards, you will have better bottom lines. 
As far as you are saying, employee cost. Employee cost, if you see last year, 
overall basis was 10.9%. If you see H1 basis, it was 10.5%. So, employee cost 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 24 
 
as revenue will grow, it will come down because number of people will 
generate more. And though in API business we are adding more sales teams 
who has to increase this revenue because that we are focusing. 
Same way in the formulation business, we have added new teams in the 
formulation business as well. So, I think maybe next year will be a transition 
year where top line will also grow, expenses will also grow but it will take 
shape. Like financial year 2021- 22 was a great year. 22- 23 was not that good, 
but 24- 25 will be better. So, you will see this growth and bottom line getting 
improved. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: I wanted to ask you one question for that reason. Can we see your double digit 
growth in the next year? 
Ajay Sharma:  
Yes, definitely. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: And all your companies will contribute in a positive way? 
Ajay Sharma: 
All will be positive but the formulation business is giving us a little hit. The 
formulation business will be also get stabilized. So, all your businesses, the 
double digit you are talking about, we have complete faith in it and you will 
see in near future. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: Okay. And would you like to give any specific number on that or in which 
range you will see in near future? 
Ajay Sharma: 
Okay. As we grow, we want to give you confidence that the number we are 
giving today, tomorrow we will give you a better number. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: Yes. But in double digit, your peers are doing very good. Actually, sir. I mean, 
they are already in double digit and they are far ahead. In API also, they are 
doing very good. I can understand that because of the remaining companies, 
you are facing problems but I want to know, when will all the guns start firing 
and when will we get a good bottom effect and when will it be converted into 
the result. I want to know this from you? 
Ajay Sharma: 
This financial year will be very much improved from last year and next 
financial year will be more improved than that. So, this year, as you have seen 
the improvement in the second quarter, in the third quarter, the improvement 
will be even better and next financial year, it will be even better. So, now you 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 24 
 
were saying, what to put in the numbers. So, we will see in the next two 
quarters and we will be in a better position to put the exact number as well. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: So, in the next two quarters, are you expecting double digit growth, sir? 
Ajay Sharma:  
Yes, granular growth is -- definitely we are expecting double digit growth. 
Kunal Prakash Shah: Okay, sir. Thank you very much, sir. 
Ajay Sharma:  
Thank you. 
Sushil Suri: 
 
Thank you, kunal. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chinmay Rane from Kojin, Finvest. 
Please go ahead. 
Chinmayee Rane: 
Yes. Just wanted to understand, do we have any presence in the contract 
manufacturing by any chance? 
Sushil Suri: 
 
We have. 
Chinmayee Rane: 
Yes, so how much is that proportion, in terms of revenues and how are the 
margins over there? 
Sushil Suri: 
 
Contract manufacturing for which products? 
Chinmayee Rane: 
For which products we have the contract manufacturing, do we have a segment 
in each per se and if it is yes, then which segment we are doing the contract 
manufacturing? 
Sushil Suri: 
In contract manufacturing, we do some contract manufacturing for the finished 
processes. So basically, there are two types, one of course is the institutional 
business, which is actually done under the company's label, but there are a few 
companies who get contract manufacturing done from us. 
So there we do under their brand name and of course third division is our own 
generic division, so technically we count that also from a factory point of view 
contract manufacturing because it is a separate division, but otherwise other 
than formulation we do not have any contract manufacturing. 
The formulation business, if we say, it is hardly 5%, 5% formulation sale, and 
total it is not less, not more than 1%. 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Chinmayee Rane: 
And how, in total, sir? 
Sushil Suri: 
On the total, it is not more than 1% of the total sale of the company, in the 
formulation sales it is around 10% is for contract manufacturing. 
Chinmayee Rane:  
Okay, and so do we have any product launches in the next one year? 
Sushil Suri: 
Product for? 
Chinmayee Rane:  
Product launches in the next one year? 
Sushil Suri: 
Yes, we have many new drug launches, API also, in the formulation also, in 
the API of course there is a strong pipeline, it is there in our last quarter 
presentation, it is there on the website also, and I can share those things, and in 
the formulation also, there are many new products which are coming up. 
Particularly we are working on some products where in, this is the first time in 
the country for API approval, but certainly first broad base our team. 
Our team now is very small on the formulation, so we have to first expand the 
team and then talk of those big products, and certainly there has to be a 
balancing act. So we keep the growth momentum right, and keep on expanding 
the team, and then slowly keep on adding the new products. 
So, there is a three way balance which we have to do, production, team and the 
new products. R&D center has been developed, and of course formulation 
export facility is also coming up, so next 18 months the new export facility 
would also be up and running. So lot of efforts going on and on, so investors 
have been very patient. 
Chinmayee Rane:  
Okay, and what will be the timeline for this? Like add new people, team, 
production, what will be the timeline for this, or this is a continuous process? 
Sushil Suri: 
This is a continuous process, this is not a one particular project, we have a full-
fledged R&D department, they keep on working on new products, new patents, 
NDDS, and certainly new capacities expansion we recently did in the last 
quarter. And some things are still going, and you would see the formulation 
sales going up from next quarter onward, Q4 or I would say next quarter, this 
is already in Q3, but next quarter onward formulation sales would also start 
going up. 

 
 
Morepen Laboratories Limited
 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 24 of 24 
 
Basically I would say lot happening in the capacity side, we still have to work 
on the market side, adding teams. We have to work on the ground level, a lot 
of work has to be done on the formulation side, and the API of course, we have 
very strong backend and R&D, frontend we have added as you have seen in 
the presentation, so frontend is being expanded. 
Chinmayee Rane:  
Okay, so how many number of scientists are working currently? 
Sushil Suri: 
How many? 
Chinmayee Rane:  
The scientists working with us currently? 
Sushil Suri: 
We have around 36 people in the R&D team. 
Chinmayee Rane:  
36 people. Okay sir, that's it from my side, I will come back in a queue. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you, Chinmayee. 
Chinmayee Rane: 
Yes, all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Participants who wish to ask questions may press star and one. As 
there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Gopal Chandak for closing comments. 
Gopal Chandak: 
Thank you. Thank you everyone for joining the conference call of Morepen 
Laboratories Limited. If you have any query, you can write us at 
info@kirinadvisors.com. Once more, thank you everyone for joining the 
conference. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kirin Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Sushil Suri: 
Thank you, guys, thank you everybody. See you next quarter. 
