Indian Energy Exchange Ltd
Registered Office: C/o Avanta Business Centre, First Floor, Unit No. 1.14(a), D2, Southern Park, District Centre, Saket, New Delhi–110017, India
Corporate Office: 9th Floor, Max Towers, Sector 16B, Noida, Uttar Pradesh–201301 , India
Tel: +91-011-3044 6511 | Tel: +91-120-4648 100 | Fax No.: +91-120-4648 115
CIN: L74999DL2007PLC277039 | Website: www.iexindia.com
Dated: November 08, 2023
The Manager
The Manager
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd
Corporate Relationship Department
Listing Department
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1
Dalal Street
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai- 400001
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400 051
Scrip Code: 540750
Symbol: IEX
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call with analysts and investors held on
November 03, 2023.
Dear Sir/Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find the attached transcript of the earnings
conference call held with analysts and investors on November 03, 2023, to discuss the
financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2023.
The above information will also be made available on the website of the Company:
www.iexindia.com
You are requested to take the above information on record.
Thanking You
Yours faithfully,
For Indian Energy Exchange Limited
Vineet Harlalka
CFO, Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
Membership No. ACS-16264
Encl: as above
VINEET 
HARLALKA
Digitally signed by 
VINEET HARLALKA 
Date: 2023.11.08 
17:22:42 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
“Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
  
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. SUMIT KISHORE - AXIS CAPITAL LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SATYANARAYAN GOEL – CHAIRMAN & MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – INDIA ENERGY EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. VINEET HARLALKA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
& COMPANY SECRETARY – INDIA ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MR. ROHIT BAJAJ – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR (NON-
BOARD) - BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, STRATEGY & 
REGULATORY AFFAIRS – INDIA ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
MS. APARNA GARG – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS – INDIA ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. AMIT KUMAR – HEAD OF MARKET OPERATIONS 
AND PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT – INDIA ENERGY 
EXCHANGE LIMITED 
MR. ADITYA WALI – INDIA ENERGY EXCHANGE 
LIMITED 
 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 21 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Indian Energy Exchange Q2 FY2024 
Results Conference Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note 
that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sumit 
Kishore. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Sumit Kishore: 
Good Afternoon everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital I am pleased to welcome you all for 
the IEX Q2 FY2024 earnings conference call. We have with us the management team of 
IEX represented by Mr. SN Goel, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Vineet Harlalka, 
Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rohit Bajaj, Executive Director Business Development, 
Strategy and Regulatory Affairs; and Ms. Aparna Garg, Head, Investor Relations and 
Corporate Communication. We will begin with the opening remarks from Mr. Goel 
followed by an interactive Q&A session. Over to you Sir! 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Good Afternoon, friends. I welcome you all to the IEX earnings call for quarter two of 
FY2024. With me today on this call are Mr. Rohit Bajaj, our Executive Director, Business 
Development, Strategy and Regulatory Affairs; Mr. Vineet Harlalka, our CFO & Company 
Secretary, Mr. Amit Kumar, Head of Market Operations and New Product Development, 
Ms. Aparna Garg Head of Investor Relations and Communication and Mr. Aditya Wali. 
 
Friends, the Indian economy continues to be the world's fastest growing major economy. 
The recent success of India's G20 presidency, and the G20 New Delhi leader’s declaration 
has further raised India’s standing as a global leader. Further, achievements during the India 
G20 presidency included the creation of a Global Biofuels Alliance, which aims to share 
knowledge, technology, and finance to develop and introduce cleaner fuels and the 
finalization of India, Middle East, Europe Economic Corridor Agreement. The summit 
demonstrated to the world that India is not only emerging as a world leader, but also 
becoming a voice of the global South to achieve the goal of inclusive development and 
tackle challenges of climate change through global cooperation. 
 
Moving on, the Indian economy is sustaining its growth momentum over the past two years 
in the face of global headwinds. India’s GDP for first quarter FY2024 grew at a rate of 
7.8% the highest among major economies. This growth momentum has been on the back of 
an expanding service sector, private consumption, and increased capital expenditure. At 
57.5 in September 2023, India's manufacturing PMI remained expansionary for the 27th 
straight month. The quarter two FY2024 print came in at 57.9 compared with 55.9 in 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 21 
quarter 2 of last fiscal reflecting the country's healthy demand environment. The service 
PMI pulled off slightly from a 13-year high of 62.3 in July to 61.0 in September, printing a 
quarter 2 FY2024 number of 61.1 compared with 55.7 same period last year. In this 
backdrop the World Bank estimate of India's economic activity for the current financial 
year is on track to grow at a rate of 6.3%. 
 
Coming to power sector update: On the power sector front electricity consumption in India 
for quarter 2 FY2024 stood at 435.8 BU a growth of 13% on a year-on-year basis. Power 
demand was higher than anticipated for the monsoon months with peak power demand 
touching nearly 240 gigawatt in September first week. States like Maharashtra, Uttar 
Pradesh, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu, witnessed soaring demand 
this quarter. In the previous quarter cooler ambient temperatures had kept demand for 
power sector lower than anticipated. By the end of quarter 2 of FY2024 India's total 
installed capacity stood at 425 gigawatt out of which 179 gigawatt was contributed by 
renewables. India remains on track to attain its target of achieving 50% of energy 
consumption from non-fossil fuel sources by 2030. 
 
On the fuel side, India's coal production increased by a robust 16.2% on year-on-year basis 
to reach 205 million tons in quarter 2 of FY2024. For the period April to September coal 
production was up by 12% on year-on-year basis to 428 million tons. Coal dispatches to the 
power sector increased by nearly 11% on year-on-year basis during quarter 2 FY2024 to 
181 million tons. E-auction coal premium has also continued to decline since the beginning 
of this financial year. The premium declined to about 100% in September 2023 from 276% 
in September 2022 and a peak of 425% in May 2022. The average imported coal price of 
4200 GAR coal also continued to ease at $56 per ton lower by 35% over the same quarter of 
last fiscal. 
 
Imported gas price has reduced by nearly 60% year-on-year basis to $16 per MMBTU. 
Average coal inventory stood at nearly 13 days during quarter 2 FY2024 higher than 11 
days which was there in quarter two of last fiscal. The improved supply side scenario 
resulted in increased sell liquidity, but an unexpected surge in power demand has kept the 
prices higher on the exchange. The average market clearing price in the DAM market 
during quarter two of this year was Rs.5.88 per unit compared with 5.4 per unit in the same 
quarter last year, higher by nearly 9% over the first quarter of this year. With supply side 
volumes continuing to improve and robust power demand, volumes at the exchange are 
expected to grow going forward. 
 
Let us now talk about the noteworthy regulatory updates and policy initiatives introduced 
by the government in quarter 2 FY2024. The CERC has notified the Indian Electricity Grid 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 21 
Code, the Sharing of Interstate Transmission Charges Regulations and the long awaited 
GNA Regulations. The salient feature of these regulations are:  
i. 
The long-standing anomaly in transmission charge between collective and 
bilateral transactions has been corrected, which will facilitate movement of 
volume from DAC market back to DAM market since sellers will no longer be 
required to pay interstate transmission charges.  
ii. 
Under IGC, generators with long-term PPAs would also be able to sell their 
surplus power which is not requisition by the DISCOMS in the day-ahead market 
without consent of buyers. To improve availability of sell in the market, on 5th 
September 2023, Government has directed generators with PPAs to offer on 
exchange the URS power on day ahead market also.  
iii. 
Generators would now be allowed to meet their commitment in case of unit shut 
down or forced outage by purchasing power through the exchanges.  
iv. 
Buyers will be able to use their GNA optimally as transmission charges in 
collective transactions will be applicable only for the buy quantum in excess of 
their GNA, which will facilitate buy on the exchange, as the working capital 
requirement will be reduced for participation in DAM and DAC. 
v. 
 Interstate transmission charges and losses will only be applicable on buyers. This 
will provide level playing field for all generators irrespective of their locations 
and will facilitate competition on the exchange platform.  
vi. 
The overall philosophy of transmission planning has changed. Efforts are made to 
enable adequate transmission capacity addition, which will secure a congestion 
free transmission system and reduce volume loss due to congestions. 
vii. 
 These regulations will also facilitate energy transition in a big way by providing 
flexibility to thermal generators to replace their brown power with green power, 
introduction of RE aggregators, and connectivity to aggregate 50 megawatt RE 
capacity. All this will deepen green market on the exchange platform in future. 
 
In other updates, CEA has issued the first amendment to the procedure for cross border 
trade in electricity. The amendment allows for cross border trade of power through the real-
time market operated by the power exchanges. This is expected to increase cross border 
volume from the exchange. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
In addition, final guidelines for Resource Adequacy Planning were issued by Ministry of 
Power in consultation with Central Electricity Authority to enable adequate generation 
capacity to meet projected demand in the country. Resource adequacy creates the basis for 
capacity contracting and can lead to opportunity for IEX to introduce capacity contracts. 
Such a market will also help in increasing sell side liquidity.  
 
The Ministry of Power issued guidelines for Tariff Based Competitive Bidding Process for 
procurement of RE power wherein developers have been provided flexibility to supply up 
to 5% of the contracted power by purchasing from the exchange.  
 
Guidelines on dispatchable RE power through energy storage, these guidelines now allow 
generators to supply excess power from the RE plant to any third party or a power exchange 
without requirement of NOC from the buyer. 
 
In June this financial year the Ministry of Power shared a letter with CERC directing it to 
look into market coupling for the Indian power sector. The CERC subsequently released a 
staff paper on market coupling in August. A detailed reading of the staff paper explains the 
advantages, disadvantages and execution challenges of market coupling. The Commission 
is yet to take any view on implementation of market coupling. We have also submitted our 
suggestions explaining why market coupling should not be implemented. We do believe 
that current market operations of IEX will continue undisrupted. 
 
In a strategic move to promote a circular economy and one that aligns with IEX 
commitment to sustainability and decarbonization and in harmony with India's Net Zero 
commitments, IEX acquired a 10% stake in Enviro Enablers India Private Limited. This 
deal will augment the value offerings of EEIPL’s material waste platform (MWP), which 
brings together all stakeholders in the waste sector. Material waste platform holds 
significant potential to enhance the scientific processing of waste across India and establish 
a circular economy for a wide range of waste materials.  
 
I am happy to inform that we had launched the IEX Academy this year in June to create a 
pool of skilled professionals for capacity building in the power market. In a span of less 
than three months we have seen nearly 250 enrollments across programs.  
 
In line with our aim to provide seamless experience to our customers, the last quarter 
witnessed onboarding of members to the web-based bidding platform and to the automated 
bidding API for DAM and RTM. Recently, we also launched the high price Term-Ahead 
market. With this we will be able to facilitate imported coal based and gas-based power 
plants to be able to offer high-cost power for up to 90 days. This will ensure there is enough 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 21 
sell side liquidity available during crisis period. The product would also provide sell 
avenues to battery energy storage system power plants on the exchange. 
 
In terms of business performance, IEX achieved 26.5 billion units of traded volume across 
all segments during quarter 2 of FY2024 registering 15% year-on-year basis growth. In the 
electricity segment particularly, the growth was about 17%. IGX generated a total volume 
of 195 lakh MMBTU during quarter 2 of FY2024, a jump of 262% over the same quarter 
last fiscal. The volume jump was largely on the back of increased domestic gas volume and 
decreased gas prices compared with spot prices. The profitability of IGX for quarter 2 
FY2024 increased to Rs.7.85 Crores from 2.42 Crores in the same period last fiscal, an 
increase of about 224%. 
 
Let me now summarize the financial performance of the company. In this quarter on a 
consolidated basis revenue for quarter two of FY2024 increased 16.9% on year-on-year 
basis to Rs.133 Crores from Rs.113.8 Crores in last year. Consolidated PAT during the 
quarter came at 86.5 Crores higher by 21.5% on year-on-year basis from Rs.71.2 Crores in 
quarter 2 of FY2023. With improving coal production, inventory and easing coal prices we 
expect rationalization of our prices on the exchange and volumes to improve in the coming 
months. Based on CEA’s draft plan, power consumption in the country should increase by 
more than 100 billion units annually till 2030 and this presents an opportunity for IEX to 
tap into incremental volume. IEX will continue to introduce innovative products and market 
segments to strengthen its existing product portfolio. We have been exploring options to 
extend the Term-Ahead market contracts from 90 days to one year to provide better 
optimization opportunities for DISCOMS. We will continue to work with the ministry, 
regulator, system operators and our partners and clients and all of the stakeholders to 
accelerate India's sustainable energy transition. Thank-you friends, and now we can have 
question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Damodaran from Acuitas Capital Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Damodaran: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Three questions from my side. So one is you spoke about, 
GNA getting implemented in October, but if I look at the share of the Day-Ahead 
Contingency market, that has already come down sharply in September. So what is the 
reason for that, I mean, given that GNA is being implemented now, where do you see the 
share stabilizing on a sustainable basis. So that was one, then if you look at the mix of 
volumes, Term-Ahead market has seen a very sharp growth, so what is the reason for that in 
the last quarter. That was one question, and if you look at CERC, I think given a deadline 
for October 16th to give all the comments and suggestions by all market participants. So 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 21 
now what are the next steps that the CERC will take to arrive at a decision on market 
coupling. That is one question and the last one was, if I look at the share of bilateral trades 
in overall volumes, that has also gone up over the last three or four months. I mean, the data 
is there through July on the CERC website. So if you can throw some light as to what is the 
reason behind that. These are my questions. Thanks. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, first thing you asked about GNA. Yes, GNA has been implemented from 1st of 
October and in the first two, three days we saw very positive development after 
implementation of GNA. The DAC volume had reduced but subsequently in the month of 
October you can say right from 5th of October to 15th of October the demand was very high 
in the country and exchange clearing price was almost Rs.10 throughout the day. And when 
you have this kind of price, then buyers they try to get into bilateral market to ensure 
availability of power, so they contract in the bilateral market or DAC market. So that 
shifting of, I mean, the impact of GNA was not really positive during those days. But then 
subsequently when the prices started going down the supply side scenario improved, we are 
again now seeing that good volume is happening in the Day-Ahead market of exchange and 
our overall volume growth for the month of October because of GNA implications in 
electricity has been almost about 20% now. So that is a positive development and I am sure 
in the coming months the growth will be better. Your second question was that our market 
share in the second quarter was lower. See the reason was basically the second quarter, as I 
told you, the demand increased by almost 13% and because of the high demand increase 
many of the distribution companies they contracted power through the bilateral contracts 
and in fact bilateral contracts volume increased by almost about 25% during this quarter. So 
substantial volume shifted to the bilateral contracts because of which the DAM volumes 
reduced and our market share was lower. But I am sure in the coming quarter you will see 
good increase in the market share. Coupling, yes CERC had issued a discussion paper, it 
was issued on 21st of August and I am sure you must have gone through the discussion 
paper and the reading of the discussion paper indicates that CERC has not taken any view, 
they are neutral in the paper, they have listed out the advantages whatever they can achieve, 
but the disadvantages and the challenges in implementation of coupling are more and they 
have highlighted all those things. What we understand is that participants have submitted 
the comments on that and CERC is just compiling the comments. They have not taken any 
view on that. Bilateral volumes, yes, they have increased as I told you because demand for 
power was very high and many distribution companies got into bilateral contracts. So, now 
I think demand has reduced slightly. It is not 5,200 million units per day. Now it has come 
down to almost about 4,300/4,400 million units per day. So our clearing price is also down 
to almost about Rs.5/unit. So we should see good volume in Day-Ahead and RTM market. 
Damodaran: 
Any update on how long will it take, I mean, this process of CERC compiling comments. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 21 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See I can tell you the process part of it. They will have to compile the comments, take a 
decision, Commission will have to take a decision based on the comments. They also do 
consultations. There is a Central Advisory Committee of the Commission, they do 
consultation in that also, and based on all the inputs Commission will take a view on that. If 
the view of the Commission is that, we should go ahead with the coupling then draft 
regulations will have to be prepared, and when they prepare the draft regulations they will 
also indicate why they intend to go ahead with coupling. The statement of reasons also will 
be there, and then they will invite comment for that. After receipt of comment from that 
they will then again see whether they want to go ahead with the coupling or not, if they 
want to go ahead with the coupling, they will issue the final regulations and then the 
activity for implementation of coupling will start. So, this process of finalization of 
regulation itself may take one year time and after that implementation of coupling is getting 
a software, customizing the software for Indian conditions, and putting in place the clearing 
and settlement mechanism. So all those things, I mean, it may take anything between one 
and a half to two years’ time for implementing coupling after that. 
Damodaran: 
Sure, but that is very helpful. Thanks, that is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Sumit Kishore from Axis 
Capital Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you, Sir. My first question is in relation to the long duration contracts. What is the 
total volume handled by IEX in LDC in the second quarter, in the first half of the year and 
what is the market share composition in LDC and how much does IEX have? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
In the first half, total volume done in LDC is 3.6 billion units, but if we talk about specific 
months it was more in September where we did more than 1 billion units and October it is 
about 1.7 billion unit. So, it started on a smaller note and if you look back last year, total 
volume done in LDC was 1.4. So as compared to 1.4 we have done in the first half itself 3.6 
and a lot of traction is there, distribution companies are finding it very attractive to source 
power through LDC contract and we are seeing a lot of transactions are happening. There 
we have organized more than 300 reverse auctions in this particular segment, and wherever 
rates were suitable, distribution company went ahead and sourced this power. So started on 
a little slower note, but now picking up very fast. 
Sumit Kishore: 
So, what would be the IEX share? So in first half you have done 3.6 billion units how much 
was the total LDC traded? 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 21 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Total number is not readily handy with me, but our share was close to 60% in case of LDC 
contract. We can say close to 7 billion units was all done in the LDC contract. 
Sumit Kishore: 
My next question is that we have been seeing high demand environment although there has 
been easing of supply side constraints, exchange price discovery has been in the vicinity of 
Rs.6 and exchanges have not been able to gain market share. Market share has moved 
towards bilateral. So would you like to comment on how the medium-term situation will 
evolve because India seems to be headed into a situation where we could have tight 
liquidity or is that a wrong assessment? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
See our reading is this situation that we are seeing where there is a huge supply side 
constraint, this is temporary. What we have seen is, in last three, four months there is lot of 
softening in the prices particularly coal as well as gas and because of that there is some 
improvement in the liquidity. Demand increase in some parts was more than expected. So 
that has taken away whatever additional supply was brought in the market, but going 
forward we expect that some more capacity is going to get commissioned. There are 
projections which say that 9,000 megawatt capacity will come in next five to six months. So 
this will give us lot of support and renewable capacity as we all know is continuously 
getting added in the system. So, whatever shortages we are seeing now, deficit we are 
seeing now will get covered eventually in coming months and with that situation will only 
improve and we expect prices to be in a decent level. So this is our reading of the situation 
and as this will happen we expect more liquidity or more buy will start to come on Day-
Ahead and RTM market which is the most preferred option for any State because there, the 
price discovery is more efficient. These are the most competitive market segments that are 
available, and we have seen historically prices are lowest in these particular segments. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Finally, how do you see the share of overall short-term markets moving over the past couple 
of years and has it been as per your original assessment? Exchanges within the mix have 
been falling short because of bilateral markets growing faster, how do you think that the 
next couple of years are likely to evolve? So the short-term markets overall and exchanges 
within the short-term market. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
If you see last five years data, you will find that short-term market is growing very fast, 
exchanges are the ones which are growing at the fastest pace. So, this has been the historical 
trend. There are some aberrations. The point Mr. Goel explained, the point that I was 
sharing because of some uncertainty in availability, some sudden increase in the prices, 
there was a small shift that happened within, from exchange to bilateral market. We have 
seen that in quarter one this shift was there, but as the stability will come, as the situation 
will stabilize which it has already started with increase in coal production, with increase in 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 21 
more generation getting on board, we expect again the things would be aligned and 
exchanges would be the fastest growing segment within the short-term market. But one 
more point here is, since no long-term PPAs are being signed today, earlier distribution 
companies were not taking, now many generators are also not interested to lock their power 
under long-term PPAs. So, which means that going forward there would be this merchant 
capacity which is present, will not go away and more capacity will come in terms of 
distribution companies getting more power under the long-term PPAs, the plants which are 
going to get commissioned. Together, this will create more liquidity on the sell side which 
will help exchange market to grow. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thank you. Those were my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Vikas Jain from Financial 
Quotient. Please go ahead. 
Vikas Jain: 
Hi, Good Afternoon everyone on the call and many thanks for the detailed summarization 
of what we have done at IEX. My first question was on market coupling, but I think that has 
been answered very fairly by the management team. So, just wanted to know about the PAT 
level figures for IGX and ICX for Q2 if any. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, for IGX our profit has been about Rs.7.8 Crore in second quarter. The volume growth 
in case of IGX in the second quarter was significant. ICX, we have not launched yet. So 
ICX we are only doing the development activities at the moment. As of now there is no 
revenue except for the treasury income, which is very small. 
Vikas Jain: 
When ICX operations might be expected to get commenced. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
ICX, I think will need some more time because Government is also coming out with their 
CCTS which is the Carbon Credit Trading Scheme and there are some changes, what we are 
expecting with respect to the mandatory and compliance market. So, we are analyzing all 
that and then we will launch it after analyzing all these things. 
Vikas Jain: 
Just one more clarification Sir, so this ICX would have voluntary and involuntary both the 
credit markets right. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Compliance market will be operated by IEX, basically that will be regulated market, 
regulated by CERC. So, all CERC regulated exchanges will be able to offer the compliance 
market of carbon credit. As far as voluntary market is concerned, there is no clarity about 
that. Our intention is to launch ICX, international carbon exchange, for the voluntary 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 21 
market, so that we are able to get the voluntary market share but whether that market also 
will be regulated or not, still the clarity is yet to come on that. 
Vikas Jain: 
All right thank you so much I wish you all, all the best for the coming quarters. Thank you 
and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arul Selvan from Independent Advisor 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Arul Selvan: 
Hi, Good Afternoon. I just have a few questions. The first question here is regarding the 
market share of IEX in the different segments. I believe, the slide in the PowerPoint 
presentation which had all these market shares was not given this time. So, could you please 
help with that? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Okay what else. 
Arul Selvan: 
The next question here is just one question about this relationship between the high-priced 
power and bilateral trades. So could you please help me understand what is the incentive for 
the parties to transact in the bilateral markets when prices go to double digits on the 
exchange? Those are my two questions. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Let me tell you about the market share. In the collective transactions which is our Day-
Ahead market and the RTM market our market share continues to be almost about 99.9%. 
Long duration contracts which are daily, weekly and monthly contracts our market share is 
almost about 55% and in Day-Ahead Contingency market, the market share is close to 40%. 
And with the implementation of this GNA, the DAC volumes are expected to go down. So 
overall market share will improve. 
Arul Selvan: 
Have they gone down in the month of October, the total volumes of electricity created on 
the DAC versus… 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
You are right that volumes traded in the month of October have significantly gone down 
with respect to September. I believe in the month of September the average daily volume 
was close to 50 and it was close to 25 in the month of October. In the month of November, I 
am sure what is happening is hardly in the single digit DAC volumes are happening now. 
Your second question was about bilateral transactions at HP-DAM market. 
Arul Selvan: 
Right. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 21 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
This HP-DAM market transactions will happen mainly when the crisis is there and the coal-
based power plants are not able to meet the demand. So, if you have to get the power from 
the gas-based power plants where the cost of generation is something around Rs.13, Rs.14, 
Rs.15. So, we are not seeing much transactions in that market because distribution 
companies are not willing to buy power at that high price. But when there is a crisis, very 
high demand, there is a tendency on the part of distribution companies to purchase power in 
the bilateral market even by paying slightly more premium, so that they are assured of 
power supply, because on the exchange platform if they are purchasing power in the Day-
Ahead, in the RTM market then they are not very sure whether on that particular day will 
they be get the power or not. So that is why we have seen in the past also, whenever the 
demand is very high, the bilateral transactions increase. And now for the month of 
November, December, January, February when the volumes of demand is slightly lower 
with respect to the summer months, the bilateral transactions will go down. 
Arul Selvan: 
I am a little bit surprised you are saying that when the prices are high the DISCOMS are not 
willing to purchase on the exchange because there is no certainty that they will receive the 
electricity is that the case. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, see when the price is high, it means that the demand is high, and supply is not 
commensurate with the demand. That is a high demand period and during the high demand 
period some of the DISCOMS who want to ensure 24x7 power supply and who want to 
purchase power at any cost they pay premium over the market price and purchase power in 
the bilateral transaction. 
Arul Selvan: 
No, the only question I am wondering here is, is there a material difference between the 
high price segment which we have launched recently and the bilateral market? Is there a 
difference in terms of the availability of power or the ease of convenience or on the 
transaction charges? I am just trying to understand in what way is the bilateral market better 
than the exchange market? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See the point is, let me first clarify one thing that on the exchange platform we have also 
bilateral contracts. These contracts are for weekly, fortnightly, monthly basis for delivery of 
power up to three months. But in all these contracts the ceiling price is Rs.10. If somebody 
wants to buy power if he is not able to get power within that, if he wants to buy gas-based 
power then he will have to go to the HP-DAM market. Whereas in the bilateral transactions 
even the coal-based power plant, domestic coal-based power plants also supply power and 
the rate should be Rs.7, Rs.8, Rs.9. So bilateral transactions there is no segregation of HP-
DAM market, high price market or the normal market. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 21 
Arul Selvan: 
Right, I understand. Ok. That is it for now. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Viraj Mithani from Jupitar Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Viraj Mithani: 
Good Afternoon Sir. I have three questions. My first question is on carbon exchange. When 
you talk about this international trading on the carbon exchange, what would be the 
benchmark we would be using, would it be a Paris based benchmark or the US based any 
thoughts on that? And can you give more color in terms of the volumes we can attract in 
days to come since we have signed this 2030 Paris Accord and world is going green that is 
my first question? My second question, is suppose if the coupling is implemented then what 
are our plans to mitigate that and how are we getting prepared for that? And my third 
question is how are we placed against the competition? That is it from my side. Thank you 
and all the best. 
Amit Kumar: 
On the international carbon exchange, as you mentioned that we intend to operate it in the 
voluntary carbon market and the way in the voluntary carbon market the trade happens is 
that there are global registries which are available, like Verra, Gold Standard which 
basically register projects and they certify projects for issuance of carbon credits. And those 
carbon credits which get issued by these global registries Verra and Gold Standard and 
there are few other registries as well. They are basically then eligible for trading in the 
voluntary carbon market. So, basically once we commence our operations, we will have 
integration with these registries so that the project developers whose projects are registered 
for credit issuance they will be able to list those credits for sale on our platform and the 
buyers who want to buy these carbon credits to do offsets, they will come and buy these 
credits from our exchange platform. So that is how, basically the voluntary carbon market 
operates, and that is what we intend to tap in from an international perspective. 
Viraj Mithani: 
What will be the benchmark like, would it be based on certain benchmark right, either by 
the Paris or the US or India or something? 
Amit Kumar: 
The registries for different projects they have the methodologies defined. So, like for forest 
projects, Verra will have a methodology defined. The projects, let us say, there is a forestry 
project that meets the requirements of the methodologies that are defined within Verra, 
those projects once they apply for registration, Verra will approve those projects. So each 
registry for different types of project. Because carbon credit is a heterogeneous commodity, 
there are different types of like you have nature-based carbon credit, cook stove, then you 
have carbon credit from renewable. So for cook stove there is a set of methodologies that 
each registry will define. Now project, for it to be accepted for approval for credit issuers, 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 21 
they have to be aligned to the methodology that registry defines. So that is how basically 
the credit issuance, and the project approval works in the voluntary carbon market. 
Viraj Mithani: 
The other two questions. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Can you repeat the question please. 
Viraj Mithani: 
My next question was if the coupling is implemented how are we prepared to mitigate that 
issue? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
First of all implementation of coupling itself is doubtful, no view has been taken by the 
CERC so far. And we do not think based on our interactions that coupling is going to get 
implemented. In any case, I mean, I respect your question, if coupling is implemented, we 
are already working on different strategies to create a strong customer connect and you 
must have seen that in the last two, three years we have done lot of development in our 
technology platform also. We have a strong integration with our customers to the API 
system and we are also providing value added services to our customers, the data analytics 
which we are providing. I think all these things are giving lot of value to the customers and 
the relationships which we have built with the customers over the last 15 years I am sure 
with all that we should be able to maintain our market share. 
Viraj Mithani: 
How are we placed against the competition? I guess we are the largest exchange so far right. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. 
Viraj Mithani: 
How are we placed? Are the competitor gaining more grounds against us. So, we are still 
performing better than them, if you can give some light on that, color on that. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
As far as the collective transactions are concerned, which are the flagship transactions in 
any exchange platform which is Day-Ahead market and Real Time market in these two 
segments our market share is 99.9%. And if you look at the volume in these two segments it 
is almost about 75% of the total volume happening on the exchange platforms. So, in this 
75% volume our market share is 100% you can say. So rest of the 25% which is consisting 
of DAC market, TAM market, Certificate market, all these things our market share is close 
to 40%-45% so you can say as of now our market share is about 85%-86% but going 
forward it should improve further. 
Viraj Mithani: 
Thank you sir and all the best to you. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 21 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Good Afternoon Sir and thank you for the opportunity. My question is around the supply 
side. You did mention that supply is likely to improve going ahead, but I just wanted to 
understand better in terms of what is giving you that comfort? And secondly given that we 
would be entering into State elections and then Union election wouldn’t SEBs be wanting to 
sign short-term bilateral contracts to ensure that the supply is intact during this election 
period? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, I mean, liquidity as of now in the market is very good. We are getting every day close 
to 300 plus MU on the sell side whereas demand is only for about 200 MU, 225 MU and so 
there is more sell available than the buy requirement and I am sure this situation is going to 
continue for the next 3-4 months. From March onwards when the election fever will catch 
up some of the DISCOMS may get into a bilateral mode because this is a very politically 
sensitive issue. So, it is very difficult to make any comment on that, but yes some of the 
DISCOMS may get into bilateral contracts also.  
Rohit Bajaj: 
We have more offerings, they can tap them to buy power for up to three months now and 
going forward we will launch up to 11 months also since the GNA has been implemented 
and short-term contracts are allowed and can be done up to 11 months. So we will get 
approval and we will launch 11 month contract also. So we are also gearing up for this, we 
also understand there would be some tendency among some of the distribution company to 
source power under bilateral and since we have an offering now, earlier days we had only 
TAM which was up to 11 days so situation is a little different and we are gearing up to 
compete with other bilateral contracts. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Just to understand better you did mention that in the LDC market in the first half we did 3.6 
billion units. So if you were to divide this in one month or 3 month contract where are we 
seeing most of the volumes coming, where is the concentration of volume? Is it in like 10 
day, 15 day contracts or one month or three months? 
Rohit Bajaj: 
So, today the concentration is up to one month, but recently or lately I would say we have 
started seeing some activity in the second month also. So, if I talk about H1 it was majorly 
first month, but now some transactions are happening for December, January also which 
means that it has extended to second also and going forward we will add some more 
months, it would be third, fourth and hence… . 
Devesh Agarwal: 
By when do we intend to increase the tenure? 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 21 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
We will be filing our petition with CERC in the next 10-15 days for offering long duration 
contracts for delivery up to 11 months and CERC normally takes about 2 months’ time to 
approve that. So hopefully by end of December we should have approval and from 1st of 
January we should be able to launch this contract for delivery up to 11 months. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood. Sir, any recent bilateral agreements that have been signed if you can give some 
sense of what is the price that is being discovered in the bilateral market versus the price 
that we see on the exchange platform? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See one thing is prices in the bilateral contracts are definitely more than the prices on our 
DAM market, DAM or RTM market. So that is why people only go to the bilateral 
contracts when there is a crisis, and they want to just ensure availability of power at any 
cost. There are many instances where distribution company purchase power in the bilateral 
market at a higher price and on the real time basis. Because of seasonal variations demand 
in that particular case was lower and they ended up in selling power on the exchange 
platform at a lower price bought at a high price in the bilateral and sold at a lower price in 
the Day-Ahead market or RTM market. So distribution companies are also realizing it now, 
that too much of reliance on the bilateral market is not desirable and they are contracting 
maybe certain minimum contract based on their demand and supply projections. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
The final question from my side. This Government has extended the Section 11 until June 
2024. So does this scenario in any way help or hurt us in terms of volume? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See Section 11 extension up to June 2024 will definitely ensure increased availability of 
power in the market and if there is increased availability of power in the market, then 
desperate situation will not be there.  
Rohit Bajaj: 
It is good for the sector, it is good for exchanges because overall liquidity on the sell side 
will improve and we would be able to, or together all of us would be able to meet the 
demand. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
Understood, thank you so much. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mr. Nikhil Abhyankar from 
ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Good Afternoon Sir, thanks for the opportunity. Sir, can you just brief us on what product 
additions are we looking at in the next 6 to 12 months? 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 21 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
See in the last two years we have added many products and we did RTM market then we 
launched green market, Green Term-Ahead, Green DAM, now HP-DAM, HP-TAM. HP-
TAM also was introduced in the month of October. So and now we are going for the long 
duration contracts for delivery up to 11 months that is also expected in the next two, three 
months’ time. So, I do not think you can add new products every two months. There is a 
limit to that. Only thing is whatever new products were introduced we have to bring more 
liquidity in those products. Green products, Green DAM and Green TAM market, there the 
volumes are still not significant. I mean, I think combined volume in a year is almost about 
8 to 9 BU. So we have to bring more liquidity in the green market. Lot of activities are 
happening in that. So we are working with the generators, we are working with the States 
also, how to bring more liquidity in this. With Government also we are doing the policy 
advocacy with the Government. Government has allowed that you can purchase up to 5% of 
the power in a contract to meet commitment from the green market. All this and they are 
also working on the CFD contracts for the green market, virtual power purchase agreements 
are also now becoming popular. So all these initiatives are being taken to bring more 
liquidity in these markets. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Is there anything around power derivatives, electricity derivatives? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Power derivatives should be launched on the exchanges which are regulated by SEBI that 
means MCX or NSE or BSE. So, there is a Committee which is working on this and I think 
they have still not come to a conclusion of launching derivatives at this stage because 
volatility in the market is too high at the moment. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
You mentioned that LDC volumes are high in the past three, four months and once we get 
the approval of LDC for 11 months can we expect a large part of the bilateral contracts will 
shift to us. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Should shift, yes, that is our effort. That is the intent with which we are going to offer this 
contract. And we will start interacting with the distribution companies and generating 
companies to ensure their participation in those contracts. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Final question we have around 1,400 Crores of cash on our balance sheet, investments and 
cash. So, can we expect more buybacks going ahead? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
We will take a call on that - whether buyback or dividend. We have a policy of rewarding 
our shareholders and we give almost more than 50% of the profit in the form of dividend or 
buyback. So, we will continue to do that. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 21 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay thank you that is all from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Good Afternoon Sir, thank you for taking my question. My first question is on e-
certificates. So the cycle two is over in October, we have seen volumes coming off 
significantly. So we expect the cycle over for this year and when can we expect the next 
cycle to begin? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, cycle 2 is over now and we have to now wait for cycle 3. 
Jiten Rushi: 
That will be in next three years right. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
It depends on when BEE notifies that. Yes, we are expecting next year. 
Jiten Rushi: 
On the LDC just want to reiterate you said volumes in LDC in October is almost 1.7 BU. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay that is from my side sir. Thank you and all the best. Wish you happy Diwali. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Amey Kulkarni from Candor 
Investing. Please go ahead. 
Amey Kulkarni: 
Hi, Good Afternoon. I had a couple of questions. We had this proposal for Gross Bidding 
and we had also submitted a petition to CERC sometime in 2021. Is there any 
rethinking/update on this issue and what is the progress with the Transmission System 
Operator for the gas sector? Just one or two more questions, is there any update on the 
renewable contract by using the strike price which we call a contract for difference? Thank 
you. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
First one is on the Gross Biding. See Gross Bidding is basically optimization by distribution 
company. And this concept is more relevant when the prices are competitive in the range of 
maybe Rs.3.5 to Rs.4 but since the last two years our prices have been around Rs.5, so there 
is not significant opportunity from Gross Bidding at the moment. In any case, the new GNA 
regulations and Sharing of Transmission Charges Regulations which have been issued by 
the CERC, under those regulations, now Gross Bidding it can be implemented. You do not 
need any separate approval for the Gross Bidding. It can be implemented by the distribution 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 21 
company very effectively and many of the distribution companies are already doing it. See 
there is no extra payment to be made by a distribution company for sale of power on the 
exchange platform now. Suppose, a distribution company has got a PPA with a generating 
company and under that PPA they have power available and they do not need that power, 
they can schedule that power in the morning hours, submit bid on the exchange platform 
based on the variable cost of that, if that power is cleared they can continue with the 
schedule and if the power is not cleared they can revise the schedule of the generator on the 
lower side. So, all these flexibilities are there, there are no transmission charges to be paid 
for sale of power and no losses are accounted for that. So that flexibility what we were 
looking for under the Gross Bidding petition that has been already provided by CERC in the 
GNA and Grid Code - all these new regulations which have been implemented now. And 
we find there are states like Punjab, MP, Haryana, Maharashtra, many of these states are 
submitting bids there for purchase of power and sale of power both and that is basically 
with the intent of doing optimization in their power procurement cost. So, we are working 
with the States now that how they can use the GNA provisions to effectively implement, I 
mean, not Gross Bidding, but you can optimize your cost now, which was the intent of the 
Gross Bidding. Second question was on the gas system operator, yes, I mean, Government 
in fact had mentioned in many of the forums that they are going to create gas system 
operator but as of now nothing has happened much on that and your third question was 
about? 
Amey Kulkarni: 
CFD. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, CFD contracts. Yes I mean this issue is under discussion. What I will say that final 
stage of approval but only they are looking at taking a view that if at all there is a gap in the 
contracted price and the market clearing price, how to fund that, so once they decide about 
that they will approve that contract. Otherwise, all other modalities are already discussed 
and finalized. 
Amey Kulkarni: 
So just one last point, the distribution companies when they buy under the LDC contract, 
the long duration contract. Suppose we extended to say 11 months, do the distribution 
company need approval from the regulator for the prices discovered in these contracts or 
because they are traded on the exchange regulatory approval is not required? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Yes, for the LDC contracts they normally take approval from their respective State 
Regulatory Commissions. 
Amey Kulkarni: 
Before bidding itself. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 21 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
In many of the States they have given certain limit up to this price they can i.e. distribution 
company can purchase the power, but if the price is more than that they can take the 
approval and such approvals do not take much time because the regulators are also aware 
about the market condition. 
Amey Kulkarni: 
Okay thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC Asset 
Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thank you so much. I had just one question. Somebody who is a buyer who is buying from 
the exchange, green products, does he have to pay transmission charges or that is also 
waived for the buyer? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
As per the new GNA regulations sellers whether they are from green plant or whether they 
are from the coal-based power plant, no seller is required to pay any transmission charges. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And Sir, buyer? 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Transmission charges are to be paid by the buyer only. In case of green power, for the 
projects commission up to 2025 even the transmission for the buyer also is waived off. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
But the buyer is generally, say, for example some third party or somebody see if I am trying 
to understand if somebody selling in the merchant market then? So green market would be 
merchant market that way. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
No, I think it is for the projects which are under the PPA note. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
For the green products that we have, the buyer has to pay transmission for that? Is the 
transmission charge exempted for the volumes that you do on exchanges? 
Rohit Bajaj:  
So for exchanges also it is exempted but the problem is it is not yet implemented we expect 
going forward very soon this will be implemented and then it will be waived off to begin 
with. It is easier to implement that for bilateral contracts, but through exchanges it is a little 
difficult for collective, but eventually in months to come it should get implemented. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So it is a clarification which probably or some modification that we will be seeking and 
once that happens it will be helpful. 
Rohit Bajaj: 
Absolutely. Yes. 

 
  
 
Indian Energy Exchange Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 21 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
Thanks so much and all the best Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. We would take that as our last question, I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Satyanarayan Goel: 
Thank you friends. I would like to thank each one of you for being part of today's call. 
During the quarter we have witnessed a lot of initiatives announced by the Government and 
the regulators towards creating a favorable policy and regulatory environment to transform 
the energy sector. We remain committed in doing our bit towards building a sustainable and 
efficient energy future. Have a great evening. Thank you very much and a Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Axis Capital Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
