Registered Office: Unit No. 103, 1st Floor, C&
T. 
 
2nd September, 2023 
 
 
To  
National Stock Exchange of Ind
Limited,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G B
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 
400051                                                  
NSE Symbol: SBFC 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Con
 
Pursuant to applicable provisio
Regulations, 2015, as amended,
was held on 30th August, 2023. 
 
The transcript shall be uploaded
under the section ‘Disclosures un
 
Kindly take the same on your rec
 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully, 
For SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private 
 
 
 
Jay Mistry 
Company Secretary & Chief Com
ICSI membership no. ACS34264
 
 
SBFC Finance Limited 
(Erstwhile SBFC Finance Private Limited) 
&B Square, Sangam Complex, Andheri Kurla Road, Village Chakala, Andheri (East) M
: +91-22-67875300 • F : +91-22-67875334 • www.SBFC.com 
CIN No : U67190MH2008PLC178270 
 
dia 
Block, 
                              
 
To 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy T
21st  Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001  
BSE Scrip Code: 543959
nference Call 
ons of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disc
 please find attached the transcript of earnings
d on website of the Company at at https://www.s
nder Regulation 46 of the LODR’ in due course. 
cords. 
Limited) 
mpliance Officer  
Mumbai - 400 059 
Towers,  
closure Requirements) 
 conference call which 
sbfc.com/for-investors 
JAY 
PRABHURA
M MISTRY
Digitally signed by 
JAY PRABHURAM 
MISTRY 
Date: 2023.09.02 
09:50:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“SBFC Finance Limited 
Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call” 
 
August 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RENISH BHUVA – ICICI SECURITIES 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ASEEM DHRU – MANAGING DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – SBFC FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. MAHESH DAYANI – CHIEF BUSINESS 
OFFICER – SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. NARAYAN BARASIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. PANKAJ PODDAR – CHIEF RISK OFFICER – 
SBFC FINANCE LIMITED 
 
 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q1 FY2024 Earnings Call of SBFC 
Finance Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participants’ line will be in 
the listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Renish Bhuva from ICICI 
Securities. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Thanks Dorwin. Good evening all and welcome to SBFC Q1 FY2024 earnings conference 
call. On behalf of ICICI Securities I would like to thank SBFC team for giving us the 
opportunity to host this call. Today with us, we have the entire top management team of 
SBFC represented by Mr. Aseem Dhru, MD & CEO, Mr. Mahesh Dayani, Chief Business 
Officer, Mr. Narayan Barasia, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Pankaj Poddar, Chief Risk 
Officer. I would now now hand over the call to Mr. Aseem for opening remarks and then 
we will open the floor for Q&A. Over to you Aseem. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Thank you Renish. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the first earning call of 
SBFC Finance Limited. Like for us this call is the first experience post listing. Most of you 
are veterans at this and therefore on a lighter note, I request you to be a little more 
understanding if we make some beginner Faux Pas during this call. We believe every 
business if it has to have a license from society to survive generations, at its heart, it has to 
have goodness in it. Profit cannot be the only purpose of its existence. We would like to 
measure SBFC first by what it does for society. There are four pillars very dear to the 
institution that we are building.  
 
Here number one a lot has been written about under penetration of credit in India. We 
notice two India. One that is being chased by multiple financials with open cheque books 
and the other that still continues to borrow at high rates of interest. The micro enterprises or 
the small businesses are at the heart of this segment and this quarter we are delighted to 
have served 18,874 such customers. 
 
Pillar number two. When we told that India lives in its villages, but even after so many 
years of independence, we see those living in smaller towns to migrate to larger ones in 
search of greater opportunities. SBFC focuses on small businesses in small towns for which 
we opened 10 new branches this quarter taking SBFC closer to where these small 
businesses are. 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
Pillar number three. What our country needs most are jobs and not just ordinary jobs, but 
one that really develops skill and makes it marketable. We realized that when one individual 
who did not get such opportunities over time, we are contributing to lifting his family out of 
circle of denials. SBFC has generated 314 new jobs this quarter and we focus on hiring 
those that do not have a job yet but at least not in the formal sector, so that these families 
may have less impact. 
 
Pillar number four. If God gives us the ability to generate profits, Through CSR we are able 
to give a small part back and impact lives. This quarter we focused on Shree Swaminarayan 
School in Manipura Village in Viramgam district of Gujarat, and a dilapidated school was 
remade. This impacted 117 existing school going children, but the school was able to enroll 
44 new girls that came because now the school has hygienic washroom facilities. Now the 
infrastructure has been done, we will try to improve educational delivery and create 
employment opportunities for the kids passing out of that school. We believe in the 
goodness of this. Every business has to have a heart and a head. I covered our heart and 
request Mahesh Dayani, Pankaj Poddar, and Narayan Barasia to take you through the 
numbers highlights of this quarter. I would like to leave you with two things that have been 
a little different this quarter to help you with the context. As bankers we are always 
uncomfortable accruing interest on an NPA asset, but in INDAS as you know we had no 
choice. However last year we effectively stop the interest meter after 12 months post NPA 
but what this quarter we have moved it to 90 days. This change meant that we had to 
reverse the entire interest accrued for these assets over 12 months and take a hit to our 
interest earnings. If we take this one time hit out, our spreads and yields have actually 
grown. As you know in our business problems come from the unknown and unknowable 
and hence it is prudent to provide for a rainy day especially when you find yourselves in 
bright sunshine as financial services is in India today. We do not really have to do this, but 
it is just that we can all sleep more comfortably at night. Secondly, we as had an infusion of 
Rs.150 Crores of pre-IPO in the dying days of Q1, so you will have to keep that impact in 
mind while understanding our numbers. Over to you Narayan. 
Narayan Barasia: 
Good evening ladies and gentlemen. I welcome you all in this first concall of SBFC. As you 
have seen the results and the presentation, the AUM of the company is Rs.5327 Crores 
which has grown at 47% on a year-on-year basis and 7.8% on a Q-o-Q basis. Our MSME 
disbursement which is our focus category was about Rs.655 Crores for the quarter, which 
has grown at 3.6% on a Q-o-Q basis and 32% on a year-on-year basis. We have seen a 
sharp increase in the interest rate in FY2023. However, we have been able to maintain the 
spread. The spread for FY2022 was about 7.5% and around the same number throughout 
FY2023. As Aseem was mentioning, we have stopped accruing the interest on the NPA 
account once it achieved 90 days and hence had to reverse about Rs.6.2 Crores in Q1. This 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
is a onetime impact. Adjusting to this impact, the spread which is reported at 7.09% 
adjusting to the impact is about Rs.7.63%. So, in a way the spread has been maintained 
throughout the cycle at the high interest rate. We continuously add branches in a small way. 
We added about 10 new branches in the quarter and in all we have now about 162 branches. 
The operating leverage of the company has been improving consistently. The opex to AUM 
ratio has come down from 6.09% in Q1 of last year to 5.42% in Q1 of this year. Our GNPA 
remains steady at 2.54%. Our total delinquency, which is 1 plus has been steadily 
decreasing and stands at 5.51% of the AUM. The credit cost is again steady at about 0.8%, 
which is also the number throughout FY2023. We have reported a PAT of about Rs.47 
Crores which is an increase of about 10% on a Q-o-Q basis and 46% on the year-on-year 
basis. The CRAR of the company as on June 30, 2023, is 33.5% and the debt equity ratio is 
about 2.3. With that the ROE the return on tangible equity is about 12% as of Q1 2023. We 
have sufficient liquidity in the company. We maintain a high PCR of 39.5% and also a 
substantial LCR, the liquidity coverage ratio in the company. With that I open the call for 
questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have the 
first question from the line of Renish Bhuva from ICICI Securities Limited. Please go 
ahead. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sir just two questions, so one on the drop in NPA so this quarter we have seen a marginal 
improvement on the gross NPA side, but if you could throw some light on the flow 
forwards given our 1+ DPD at 5%, so what is the fresh slippages for this quarter versus last 
quarter? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Yes, so basically overall if you look at at zero plus number or one plus DPT percentage has 
been improving quarter-on-quarter for the last few quarters and the number stands at 5.5% 
as of June 2023. We expect the number to stabilize and improve from here on and overall, 
on the GNPA side also the number has improved and is stable at now 2.54%. We expect 
this number to remain steady and improve. This leads to a credit cost of 80 basis point 
which is what is a steady state number, and we expect this number to remain steady. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay and Sir sequentially, what is the fresh slippages last quarter versus this quarter? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, in terms of value if you look at it is around Rs.7 Crores. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Sorry. 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Rs.7 Crores on the NPA side.  

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Renish Bhuva: 
This is fresh slippages or net slippages? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Net slippages in Rs.6.5 Crores. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Okay versus last quarter? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Last quarter was around similar range Rs.6.2 Crores. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Rs.6.2 Crores so it is broadly flat sequentially? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
Yes. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it and Sir the second question is on the growth side, so sequentially we have seen a 
good growth despite being the fact that Q1 is seasonally the weak quarter, so would you 
like to throw some light on let us say which geography and which state is driving this 
growth and how confident you are to sustain this kind of a growth rate going forward? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, if you look at distribution mix, our distribution is very largely evenly spread out 
between North, West and South and even if you probably look at the distribution mix to an 
average distribution split, they almost mirror almost one third between all the zones so the 
growth has been pretty even across all the zones. We do not really have a big concentration 
risk in any of those states. A single state does not constitute more than 17% to 18% odd as 
of now. So, the growth that has come in the Q1 what we have seen at 7.8% seems to be a 
sustainable number. We have always said this 5% to 7% is something that we are 
comfortable turning around and we are hopeful that we will continue with the trend moving 
forward as well. 
Renish Bhuva: 
Got it Sir. That is it from my side Sir. Thank you and best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Satadru Chakraborty from 
Chakraborty Family Office.  Please go ahead. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Good afternoon. My first question is from the presentation? There is a slide where you 
mentioned customers with greater than 100 CIBIL scores are almost 82.9 so I think I see the 
evolution of the graph? My question was how many new to credit customers are you taking 
and what sort of assessments are you doing to sort of increase the customer base overall? 
Pankaj Poddar: 
So, on the new to credit, but the number is 7.8% which is reflected as 0 - 1 score and from a 
credit assessment standpoint we have a localised credit model which is very, very specific 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
to this statement. Over a period of last five plus years we have created the complete 
underwriting model starting from origination which is in house where the salesperson goes 
visits the customer. We have localised credit with the local understanding of the market as 
well as the collateral and based on that we have a dedicated team with full authority and 
supervisory structure at the state level which basis which the origination is done and based 
on the platform which we have created is on the LOS side. It is in-house and core 
origination platform which we have created, it is a complete end to end workflow in which 
ones the file comes to the local level which typically today is in physical format gets 
digitized and then the entire workflow is digital. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Very helpful. The second question I have is on the borrowing mix? I also see that has 
changed drastically during the Q1 of two financial years? My question really is not that the 
mix will be but really what kind of the yields and then what kind of let us say cost of 
borrowing can we expect? So, is there any guidance that you can provide on these two 
aspects?  
Narayan Barasia: 
So, we believe given the macroeconomic picture the interest rate in the market has peaked 
and so is our cost of borrowing as well. We have already seen quite a sharp rate of interest 
increase as repo has gone up by 250 basis points. MCLR has generally gone up in the range 
of about 170 to 180 basis points. We have seen a slightly lower increase by about 140 to 
145 basis points. I think we believe the cost of borrowing stood at peak now and if the 
macroeconomic picture turns out to be favorable, we will all get the benefit of the lower 
interest rate, but having said that what we believe is the spread. What we control is the 
spread so what we have done throughout this cycle is hold the spread. As you would see, 
the spread which was about 7.5% prior to increase in the repo rate is still maintained today 
at this level. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Okay very helpful. Maybe just one quick question on the accounting piece as well? In the 
standalone financial results, can you give us a bit of flavor on what constitutes fees and 
commission income because I see this has drastically changed quarter-on-quarter and I also 
see that the number is no insignificant for the last financial year? What scope do you have 
to increase this or decrease this maybe? 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, the fee and commission income essentially has a co-origination fee so you would have 
seen that there is a substantial business we do on the co-origination programme. It is in the 
range of 16% to 18% per month and so there a fee we charge to the co-origination partner 
which is ICICI bank in this given case and that is one fee which comes here and then there 
are some other fees with respect to the initial money deposit we take from the customers to 
do legal and other verification process. We also get some fee income on the loan 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
management service business which we do. So, all put together these are the three important 
fees in this line item. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
I remember seeing somehow that you mentioned that the co-origination business itself is 
increasing and I just want to have a flavor on where do you think this can land in a steady 
state and what exactly are the strategy in yours for this because I understand that the risk is 
minimized so just wanted some thoughts? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So currently if you look at our co-origination, our co-origination total book is close to 
around Rs.700 odd Crores. This has taken us the last couple of years to start building on it 
so at a disbursal level it is close to around 18% to 20% odd. At an AUM level, it is close to 
around 15%. We are pretty comfortable at the current run rate that we are at which is close 
to around 18% to 20% and we feel that moving forward as the base also moves up in terms 
of our overall origination, the co-origination percentage will also be moving in that 
particular direction, and we will be able to maintain at 18% to 20%. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Okay very helpful and may be just the last question if I can squeeze in? Is there any steady 
state guidance which the company want to provide for ROA and leverage and therefore 
ROEs? 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, with leverage which we are at today, our ROEs we also do an adjustment of the 
goodwill so what we say is the return on tangible equity is about 12%. The capital base has 
increased because of IPO so obviously the return on tangible equity will come down, but I 
think we are able to maintain the spreads and continue with the growth, etc., the leverage 
will improve as we go along in the future and consequently the return on tangible equity 
will as well improve so we all wish that all the economies of scale, etc., and the growth 
continue and then this number continues to improve as we go along. 
Satadru Chakraborty: 
Very helpful. Thank you, gentlemen, and all the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Jain from Axis Capital.  Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Jain: 
Thanks for taking my question. Sir the first question pertains to your AUM mix so what we 
see is that MSME mix has increased from 74% to 81% so what is heading to this, and do 
you see this further increasing to say closer to 90% or do you have a specific AUM mix in 
mind? 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
Mahesh Dayani: 
No so you are absolutely right so clearly SBFC is pretty synonymous with the MSME 
lending and if you really look at our trajectory, the trajectory currently is 81% is MMSE. 
Close to around 15% to 16% is gold and the balance is unsecured. Now unsecured is one 
business that we have vacated, and we are running it down so clearly moving forward you 
will see the MSME portion occupying a majority portion whether it is 85% or 90% but if 
you just look at the number and the 3% actually runs off so by design you will have a 
majority of the MSME holding the book. It is more looking like 85% -15% when you do 
not have the unsecured outstandings with you any longer. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, and Sir secondly again on the AUM so this year this quarter we saw a 47% AUM 
growth so is it all like because of value terms or is there an element of volume also in this. 
Have we seen an increase in ticket size that is what probably I am trying to ask. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, I think the good part if I probably break up the entire AUM and the disbursal, the good 
part is that we have always maintained that the MSME which is a core of business the ticket 
sizes are going to between 9 -11 lakhs and that is the ticket sizes we would want to be in. In 
fact, in Q1 last year our ticket sizes were 9.76 lakhs. The ticket sizes in this quarter which is 
June quarter is 9.84. This is marginally lower than the March quarter when it was 10.15 so 
the good part is that the volume growth is close to around 32% odd on a year-on-year basis 
and on quarter basis it is almost 7% so that gives you a good sense that we are not looking 
at ticket sizes. We have found a sweet spot between 9 to 11 so it is largely driven by volume 
all of the AUM growth that you see on the MSME side. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, that is helpful and thirdly on the disbursement side so we saw a run rate of around 50 
Crores so do you see this increasing further or during the course of the year we can maintain 
this run rate. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
Well, there has to be some growth as we move along. We have invested in the distribution 
over the last couple of years. As you would see our distribution, we have added close to 
around from 135 to 162 branches in the last one year that is close to around 27 branches so 
there should be some disbursal growth that will come in which should translate to more 
than 5-7% quarter on quarter AUM growth. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, and any further plans to increase the branch addition so you added 10 in this quarter 
so any guidance you want to give for the remaining part of the year.  
Mahesh Dayani: 
We are pretty comfortable adding close to around 15 to 20 branches. We do not want to 
really go overboard in terms of adding branches. If you really look at our deck or the 
presentation you will see that we have added close to 27 branches in a year and these 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
branches obviously cost us money and they need to be profitable as well so clearly we are 
not really in a hurry to be opening more number of branches unless and until the tail which 
is there is also equally profitable but we would be pretty comfortable adding 15 to 20 and 
not more. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, and Sir just one last question so you mentioned something about 150 Crores of pre-
IPO expense, or something could you just give some clarification on what was that. 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, 150 Crores was the pre-IPO equity which came in. 
Amit Jain: 
Sure, that is helpful. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Rajesh Vora from Jainmay Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Congrats on very good set of numbers, gentlemen. Aseem if you could give a little bit of 
idea about the kind of culture you have built and set up in this company and what you have 
written a lot about HDFC bank in the past and how you are inculcating a great culture here 
and how do you take this. You have zeroed down to SME side of lending which is a tough 
part of the business so how do you take it forward over the next 3-5 years would be 
wonderful to understand. 
Aseem Dhru: 
So, the difficult part here is that culture is not what we lecture about. It is what you behave 
and what you behave as an organization consistently translates into what ultimately gets 
delivered on the ground. It begins at the senior management level it has to be felt at each 
level, at each branches and each locations. Obviously, no institution begins with objective 
of creating a bad culture or a toxic culture, but there are certain behaviors that leads to it 
unknowingly so what we try and do is ensure that we create a process where one we have 
the right team all the way down the line not just at the senior management level but at each 
level, we are creating the right team. We are focused enough on coaching the team and 
bringing them up to speed that everybody down the line is aware of what are the key 
deliverables in the organization and what kind of behavior the organization wishes to foster 
or not foster and then create a culture of transparency which is difficult to achieve, but one 
has to keep working and getting better at it. As we know in this business there are six lane 
highway to hell and just one narrow pathway to heaven. It is a tough act, and we are still a 
young organization which is six years old. As the pressure of business mount as we go by 
and to maintain this and to hold this is going to be the challenge. We still have a challenge 
of ensuring that our team down the line walks and talks the same, talks that you want them 
to talk that you are fair to your customers, you are fair and transparent in your dealings with 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
the customers, give them a fair deal, be transparent about cost etc., because in this business 
some of these customers that we have made to are used to paying much higher fees so how 
do you ensure that you are doing it right. It is a process where we are trying our best to 
ensure that we are fair by the employees, we are fair by the customers and we are fair by the 
society that we are part of it, so a part of it is what you attain to do on a daily basis, a part of 
it is what you try in your process the organization does and part of it is how you identify the 
behaviors that you like and encourage that and identify behaviors that you dislike and 
discourage that so it is a long journey, it is a long process we cannot claim we have built a 
great culture here but we attempt and we keep attempting to get to that direction. 
Rajesh Vora: 
That is very useful Aseem and in this SME lending between 5 lakh to 35 lakh that you focus 
on what is the biggest one or two risks that your company, your credit team, the under-
writing team needs to focus daily and ensure that we do not get it wrong, is there something 
you could give little colour on. 
Aseem Dhru: 
In any lending business ultimately, there are two things that you are looking at, the ability 
and the intention and that is all your credit processes that you have. Our design to try and 
swift out both of this, so what we have done is that we have built a model within the 
organization where every customers application, there are 200 odd variable that are taken 
out of those applications and they are mixed and matched within the algorithm that we have 
written and based on which we know the score that the customer application gets and based 
on past behavior it is a learning model so it is too young we have only tested it on 50,000 to 
60,000 applications so the model keeps running from itself over time and unless it goes to 
500,000 applications we do not have model so we will keep working at it to hopefully get 
better may be try and coordinate at different variable in a particular application to arrive at a 
probability of the cost and so far at least the rankings that we have done are risk ranking and 
so far we seem to be on the right track, but we still have a reasonable way to go. The second 
risk is that we have in this business is the life and health of the promoter and his family and 
that is something that most of our customers are not insured, almost over 90% of the cases 
we actually have done insurance to ensure that if something happens to their lives, the entire 
loan is covered and they do not have to worry about the property so there is a huge risk in 
here and we do not want inconvenience especially when life is going tough on them with 
the tragedy and secondly is the health of the promoter and the spouse that has really helped 
during the time of COVID so effectively what you do is that you ensure that you do not take 
in a customer lower leverage. You do not take in customer who will be struggling to pay the 
EMI and we do not take in a customer who is going to probably use that money to not put 
into productive use and therefore create a pressure on them and us. 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Rajesh Vora: 
Interesting very useful Aseem thank you so much and wish you and the team all the very 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amish Kanani from JM Financial PMS. 
Please go ahead. 
Amish Kanani: 
Hi Sir. Couple of questions from my side, Sir one I just wanted to understand our comfort 
on our ratings which you said is recently upgraded to A plus. The question is in the segment 
in which we are operating do you think this rating is okay and we can have the right to have 
the spread of 7.5% over and above our cost of fund for a long time in the sense that we are 
comfortable with this rating question number one. Two Sir I wanted to understand a little 
bit more about co-origination model if you can explain is it return enhancing dilutive how 
do you look at ROE in that part of the business and third Sir, I was curious about priority 
sector lending status for our business whether we have the benefit for full and whether we 
sell those credits. 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, let me take the first question on rating so see credit rating has a camel ways of looking 
at rating and there is a very structured form of doing it. The organization has to keep on 
performing on different matrices to maintain a rating and to get a better rating. I think we 
are in that journey. I think over the last few years I think we have been getting strengthened 
every year and hence A plus happened to us. I think as we go along in the future obviously, 
we would like to maintain and improve the credit ratings. In terms of maintaining the 
performance as we go along on terms of growth I think if you see one of the slide talks 
about the opportunity in the market, so opportunity is quite large and I think we still do not 
feel that pricing will be a challenge when we talk about the growth so I think rating is a 
function of not only the pricing but also the credit quality, the growth, the capital adequacy 
and all other different matrices that you can talk about. Second question on co origination 
Mahesh will take it. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So the co origination the model is that 20% is with us and 80% is with the co-originating 
partner while we do not call out the ROE separately for the ME book and the ROEs for the 
co originating book but clearly by design if you were to look at it obviously the ROE on the 
co originating model it is going to be substantially higher than what is there on the core ME 
book largely because of two reasons, one risk is largely on a pari passu basis, there is no 
FLDG, there is no income booking upfront and obviously there is a book that is getting 
built and there is a trailing income that comes to us in terms of fee so clearly it is profitable 
and that is the reason why we have continued to maintain close to around 20% of our 
disbursal on a co originating model and moving forward as we keep increasing this it 
should probably enhance our overall profitability mix as well. The third part was related to 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
your priority sector almost close to 79 to 80% of our customers on the MSME side qualify 
for priority sector. These are again classified as micro enterprises largely on the services 
side as per the RBI definition. 
Amish Kanani: 
So, Sir in that context do we earn the income out of selling those credits and is that the other 
income we accrue, do we create those PTCs and sell it back and stuff like that. 
Narayan Barasia: 
So, we have done PTC securitization transaction as and when we require. We do not do it 
regularly but yes; we have done that so obviously the priority sector lending help the 
organization I think from a societal point of view as well as from a business point of view. 
Obviously, this is an opportunity as what you are saying the capital raising point of view 
and also the priority sector lending is something which the development fund like a lot, so I 
think all in all this is definitely an asset class which helps from a capital point of view. 
Aseem Dhru: 
To answer your question in a different way to give you a little colour. Usually, we would 
see NBFC securitize about 25% of their total assets. We think that co origination is a better 
way to achieve that so for what we are doing is that whatever we need to take it off books 
so we will do at the start itself and not take it and then sell down. It is actually inefficient so 
whatever we want to sell down we will use PTCs and DA as opportunity. We would not sell 
down priority sector assets whereas of now we have not found the need yet but if there is a 
market and if there is a short fall and if we see that the yields we are getting are tempting 
enough so then we will look at it on a treasury basis but not really as a business model. 
Amish Kanani: 
Yes, Sir I got it. That is why that question, my question about co origination because the 
guy who we are tying up with anyway will need those kind of priority sector, so we are 
doing that way as claim and that way is what you are saying, got it Sir. Thanks, and all the 
best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ojasvi Khicha from PGIM India Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Ojasvi Khicha: 
Hi I have couple of questions. First is if you could share your thoughts on how you would 
have chosen this 9 to 11 lakh ticket size. If you can share your thoughts there and secondly 
you mentioned bulk or entire growth is driven by volume particularly this quarter so what 
would be the new to credit customer mix for us. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, if you look at the total market size that we are focused on and that is also a part of our 
presentation. The total secured market size is close to around 8.5 lakh Crores across various 
bucket and if you look at a specific segment where SBFC is focusing on which is 5 to 30 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
lakh that is 2.5 lakh Crores market and that is growing at roughly between 22 to 23 odd 
percent which effectively means that the market is doubling every three years or slightly 
above the three years. Even if you look at probably the credit or the NPA numbers in that 
particular category, those are in the range of close to around 4 to 4.2% this is based on the 
bureau data, so I think the growth is reasonable there. It is much better than what you see 
probably on the higher tickets where the competitive intensity is extremely high. Here you 
have supply arbitrage to some extent so the run way for growth is significantly high on that 
side and we felt that given the PAN India network that we have created, we have a 
significant room for growth as we move along. 
Pankaj Poddar: 
On the second question new to credit is closer to 8% on the acquisition side. 
Mahesh Dayani: 
We disbursed 655 Crores in Q1 and of that 8% are the ones which were first time credit.  
Ojasvi Khicha: 
Understood. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Franklin Moraes from Equentis Wealth 
Advisory. Please go ahead. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Thanks for taking my question so you have hit 1 lakh customers in this quarter which is a 
significant milestone. I wanted to understand what is your next milestone and how long 
would it take to achieve that? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, the way the 1 lakh customers are split, close to around 40,000 customers are on the 
MSME side, close to around 60,000 slightly above that are on the gold side. We add on the 
MSME side close to around six and half thousand customers every quarter and we are fairly 
comfortable in growing that run rate as we move along so we do not want to clearly call out 
a number that we are going to hit 2 lakh in this much period of time. We will stick with our 
guidance that we said that overall volume growth or the value growth we are pretty 
comfortable in the range of 5-7% and we will stick to that. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Secondly on the branch account you said that you would be comfortable adding 15 to 20 
branches. I wanted to understand which are the regions that we are targeting and secondly 
what are your targets for opex to a year? 
Mahesh Dayani: 
So, with respect to the branches, we are currently at 16 states, so we are not adding any 
further states. If you look at our construct, we are covering almost 25 to 30% of the total 
district in a state. We will continue to invest in states which have matured. When we say 
matured in terms of origination, quality of origination that comes from those states and also 

 
 
 
           SBFC Finance Limited 
August 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
our profitability matrix so the way we derive profitability matrix is as your branches age 
and how is your AUM moving in those particular branches, so we measure states on all the 
three performances right up to a PAT level and ROE level and based on that we decide on 
the acquisition side. If I give you some sense in the last year the 27 odd branches that we 
have added most of the investments have gone into states like Bihar, Telangana, UP, and 
Karnataka and some part of the north. 
Franklin Moraes: 
Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Aseem Dhru for closing comments. Over to you Sir. 
Aseem Dhru: 
Thank you everyone for time and patience. As you have studied so many finance businesses 
between bank and NBFC we have a comparative less of understanding, sometimes as 
practitioners your question will help us introspect and learn about the areas that we can 
improve upon. Now our life is QSQT, or I say quarter se quarter tak so see you next quarter. 
While fixing the call we did not realize it is Raksha Bandhan and I am especially 
appreciative of you taking time out on this date. Wish you all a very happy Raksha Bandhan 
with that this team at SBFC signing out. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
