SBI Life Insurance Company Ltd. 
Registered and Corporate Office: Natraj, M.V. Road and Western Express Highway Junction 
Andheri (East), Mumbai 400 069. Tel.: (022) 6191 0000/ 3968 0000 
IRDAI Regn. No. 111. CIN: L99999MH2000PLC129113
www.sbilife.co.in
October 31, 2023  
 SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2324/166 
Assistant Vice President  
  General Manager 
Listing Department,  
  Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
  BSE Limited, 
Exchange Plaza,  
  Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, BKC, 
  Dalal Street,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400051 
  Mumbai 400001 
NSE Symbol: SBILIFE  
 BSE Scrip Code: 540719 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference call for Q2 of FY 2023-24 
This is in continuation to our intimation letter ref. No.: SBIL/CS/NSE-BSE/2324/158 dated 
October 23, 2023 and in compliance with the provision of Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III (Part A) (Para A) (15) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose transcript of the earnings conference call 
held on Friday, October 27, 2023. 
The transcript of the earnings conference call with analysts/investors is hosted on the 
Company's website at www.sbilife.co.in 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
Vinod Koyande 
Company Secretary 
ACS No. 33696 
Encl: A/a 
Vinod 
Vijay 
Koyande
Digitally signed 
by Vinod Vijay 
Koyande 
Date: 2023.10.31 
20:28:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call 
October 27, 2023 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:   
MR. AMIT JHINGRAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO  
MR. S. VEERARAGHAVAN – DEPUTY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SANGRAMJIT SARANGI – PRESIDENT & CFO  
MR. RAVI KRISHNAMURTHY – PRESIDENT, OPERATIONS & IT  
MR. PRITHESH CHAUBEY – APPOINTED ACTUARY  
MS. SMITA VERMA – SVP, FINANCE & INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the SBI Life Insurance Company 
Limited Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on a touch-tone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran, MD and CEO, SBI Life Insurance 
Company Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Amit Jhingran: 
So good evening, everyone, and I welcome you all on my personal behalf as well as on 
the company's behalf, SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, for the results update of 
quarter 2 and half year ended September 30, 2023. We appreciate and thank you 
wholeheartedly for your time. 
An update on the financial results can be accessed on our website as well, as on the 
websites of both the stock exchanges. Along with me present here are Mr. S. 
Veeraraghavan, Deputy CEO; Mr. Sangramjit Sarangi, President and CFO; Mr. Ravi 
Krishnamurthy, President, Operations and IT; Mr.  Prithesh Chaubey, Appointed 
Actuary; and Ms. Smita Verma, Senior Vice President, Finance and Investor Relations. 
So, with respect to our performance for the half year ended September 30, 2023, our 
comprehensive product suite aligned with customer's needs, coupled with our 
continued focus on business growth, maintaining our best-in-class ratio and persistency 
levels, led to a decent performance on an exceptionally high base of last year during 
the same period. 
During this half year, we have strengthened our market position and invested in capacity 
building for the employees and distributors with respect to handling the emerging need 
of the customers and to support long-term growth. 
Now let me give you brief highlights of our performance for this half year ended 
September 30, 2023.  
The new business premium registered a growth of 24% over the same period of last 
year and stands at INR162.6 billion and this maintained a private market leadership 
with share of 24.7%. This registered an increase of 209 bps. Individual new business 
premium stands at INR101.7 billion with a strong growth of 20% and a private market 
share of 27.3%. The gross written premium stands at INR337.3 billion with a growth of 
21%. The protection new business premium grew by 25% to INR20 billion.The profit 
after tax for this period stands at INR7.6 billion with 19% growth over last period. Value 
of new business stands at INR23.6 billion, registering a growth of 12% over last period. 
The VoNB margin stands at 28.6% for half year ending September 30, 2023. The 
embedded value stands at INR512.6 billion, registering a growth of 21% over INR424.1 
billion in the last period. The asset under management grew by 22% Y-o-Y to 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
INR3,451.5 billion. Robust solvency ratio of 2.12 as against a regulatory requirement of 
1.50 as at the half year ended September 30. 
We will now update you on each of the key elements in detail.  
Let me start with the premium: 
Individual new business premium has grown to INR101.7 billion with a Y-o-Y growth of 
20%. Single premium contribution is 34% of individual new business premium, which is 
mainly attributed to growth in our individual annuity product. The company gained the 
private market share by 169 basis points to 27.3%.  
On individual rated new business premium, we stand at INR70.6 billion with a growth 
of 17% over previous period and maintain our leadership position with private market 
share of 24.6%.  
Also, group new business premium stands at INR61 billion with share of 37% in new 
business premium. 
Having said that, we have collected total new business premium of INR162.6 billion, 
registering private market share of 24.7%.  
Renewal premium grew by 17% to INR174.7 billion, which accounts for 52% of the 
gross written premium.  
To sum up, the gross written premium stands at INR337.3 billion with a Y-o-Y growth 
of 21%. 
In terms of APE. Premium stands at INR82.6 billion, registering a growth of 21%. Out 
of this individual APE stands at INR71.4 billion with a growth of 17%.  
During the half year ended September 30, 2023, total 9.84 lakh new policies were 
issued. Since 2010, the company has maintained its leadership position amongst 
private market in number of policies issued and consistently delivered year-on-year 
growth over the years. This reflects the clear goal of the company to increase the 
penetration and achieve holistic growth.  
Total new business sum assured registered growth of 48% over corresponding last 
period as compared to growth of 45% at industry level. 
Let me give you details about the product mix: 
So as on September'23, our guaranteed non-par saving products are contributing 14% 
of individual new business and on individual APE basis, it contributes 20%. Individual 
ULIP new business premium at INR54.5 billion now constitutes 54% of individual new 
business premium. Growth in ULIP is attributed to the positive movement in the equity 
markets. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Individual protection new business premium is at INR4.3 billion. Group protection 
stands at INR15.7 billion with a growth of 34%. Credit life new business premium has 
grown by 12%, hence stands at INR10.2 billion. On APE basis, protection contributes 
13% of new business and registered growth of 39%. 
Annuity business is at INR28.6 billion and contributes 18% of new business premium. 
Under annuity, the company is offering immediate as well as deferred annuity options. 
Individual annuity business is growing at 50% over last period, and this is mainly due to 
the new business contribution of smart annuity plus of INR24.3 billion. 
Total annuity and pension new business underwritten by the company is INR41.8 billion, 
registering growth of 27% over same period of previous year.  
Moving to update on distribution partners: 
With strength of more than 59,000 CIFs of the State Bank of India and the regional rural 
banks, bancassurance business contributes share of 65% and grew by 16% in 
individual new business premium and on individual APE basis. It stands at INR47.2 
billion with growth of 15%.  
Agency channel registered new business premium growth of 32% and contributes 19% 
in new business premium. Agency channel individual APE stands at INR20.6 billion as 
on September 30, 2023 the total number of agents stands at 236,978 a growth of 33% 
over previous period. During the half year, the company added net of 28,204 agents.  
During the half year ended September 30, 2023, other channels, the direct, the 
corporate agents, brokers, online and web aggregators grew by 56% in terms of 
individual new business premium and 22% in individual APE. Linked business through 
other channel registered growth of 48% on APE basis. 
The updates on profitability are: 
The company's profit after tax for the half year ended September 30, 2023, stands at 
INR7.6 billion with 19% growth Y-o-Y. Our solvency remained strong at 212% as on 
September 30, 2023.  
Value of new business stands at INR23.6 billion with growth of 12% as against INR21.2 
billion in the last period. VoNB margin is at 28.6% for the half year ended September 
30, 2023. The shift in VoNB is mainly on account of increase in share of ULIP business 
as compared to previous year.  
Embedded value stands at INR512.6 billion, a growth of 21% over previous period. 
Embedded value operating profit stands at INR44.4 billion. Operating return on 
embedded value is 20.2%.  

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
On operational efficiency parameters, the opex ratio stands at 5.4% for the half year 
ended September 30, 2023. Our total cost ratio stands at 10.0% for the half year ended 
September 30, 2023.  
With respect to persistency of individual regular premium and limited premium paying 
policies, 13th month persistency stands at 85.4%. The company has registered 
improvement in 49th month and 61st month persistency by 92 basis points and 509 
basis points, respectively.  
As mentioned in the opening remarks, assets under management stands at INR3.45 
trillion as on September 30, 2023, having a growth of 22% as compared to September 
30, 2022. 
The company continues efficient usage of technology for simplification of processes 
with 99% of the individual proposals being submitted digitally. 50% of the individual 
proposals are processed through automated underwriting.  
Before I conclude, on behalf of management, I would like to clearly state that the 
company's aspiration of financial year '24, growth remains unchanged and our 
endeavour is to deliver better than industry growth. With our widespread, robust 
distribution network complemented by the digital technology and above all, our people 
power, we are very well positioned to capitalize the growth opportunities that is offered 
in the dynamic insurance landscape. The company is aligned with the regulator's vision 
and will continue to focus on various reforms, enabling deeper penetration of life 
insurance industry. 
Thank you all. And now we are happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Swarnabha Mukherjee from B&K Securities.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee:   I guess my first question is on the VoNB margins. So just wanted to understand that if I 
look at the margins say from first quarter vis-a-vis that from the second quarter, you see 
that the product mix now has a fairly large share of ULIP compared to what it was last 
quarter. Despite that, I think the margins have remained steady, of course, group 
protection has gone up also a bit. 
So just wanted to understand that is group protection the only offsetting component for 
the increase in ULIPs? Or are there other factors, say maybe some cost element that 
is there or some kind of assumption changes which is helping us to sustain the margin 
profile? So that will be my first question, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you so much for your question. I think margin side, you're right that despite the 
higher ULIP in Q2, how margin is steady? So, you have to take a note that margin 
accretion comes not only on account of the product mix, but also due to the change in 
the profile and the products sold within the product segment mix. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
During this period, we have sold higher protection. We also sold the annuity and even 
lower non-par, but we have repriced our annuity product and non-par product, thus 
giving higher margins. So, if I look into, there is a fall coming on the margin on account 
of the product mix, but due to better profile and better product within this product 
segment, has helped us to gain those margins. And that's the reason we see that the 
adverse impact on the margins is not too much. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:   Okay, sir. So, if I understood correctly, so even if I see in the APE mix that your non-par 
has gone down or your annuity has gone down, but the impact on the margin is not so 
much. It has been offset by product level margin improvements. That is a right 
assumption, right? 
Management: 
Yes, that's correct.  
Swarnabha Mukherjee:   Yes. Okay. And also, sir, just wanted to understand that when you give the VoNB walk 
between last year's first half versus where it is right now, there is this additional benefit 
coming from operating assumption changes. Is there something new that you have 
added or is it what you have done at the end of fourth quarter, that is basically reflecting 
there? 
Management: 
So, we have not made any assumption changes. The impact that's reflecting is the 
same that we have made in year-end as on 31st, March 2023. So operating 
assumptions there's no change. Absolutely, the impact is coming because you're 
comparing from the September last year to this September, so that you're getting this 
impact. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:   Okay, sir. Got it. And a couple of bookkeeping question, sir. If you could give us a 
breakup of the group protection APE between credit life and group term life. And also, 
the INR110 odd crores positive operating variance that is there, if you could give us a 
breakup of that? 
Management: 
Just to give you the bifurcation between the group and individual protection. Overall, I 
can tell you that both group credit life plus GTI together consists of almost 60% of the 
protection portfolio and the rest is from individual, so 40-60. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:    Sir, I actually wanted the breakup between the group portfolio. So, between group credit 
life and group term life, if you could give us? 
Management: 
No, I don't have rightly in front of me, but we will discuss later on this. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee:  Okay, sir. All right. And on the positive operating variance, if you could give us the 
breakup? 
Management: 
So, if you see even at the year-end, we have disclosed the component of the operating 
variance. So being a most efficient company and we have done a lot of good work in 
terms of improvement in the persistency and others. So, our operating variance and 
most of the positive operating variance, both on mortality side, significantly higher on 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
mortality side, then we have expenses and then coming on the persistency. And we 
expect as and when we move to the year-end, operating variance will further improve 
from this level as well. So just to confirm, all component is giving a positive variance on 
this. 
Swarnabha Mukherjee: 
Perfect, sir. Got it. And just one quick follow-up on the first response, sir. So, within the 
Ulip category also, is there any kind of margin change because of product profile or that 
remains kind of steady state? 
Management: 
Not significant, but I think there will be some products which will not be able to replicate 
exactly last quarter profile coming to this quarter. But most component is coming on the 
account of non-ULIP products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. 
Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you. Sir, I have two questions. First is on the growth outlook. So in the first half 
on the individual APE, you've delivered 17% growth on a 21% base. So sir, can you 
help us understand what is the outlook for second half and which will be the key 
products that could drive? Where you're seeing better demand? And will we be closing 
the full year on 20% growth guidance that you had spoken about in the last quarter? 
My second question is on the number of policy growth. So, for the first half, the number 
of individual policies is up 6%, while the individual APE growth, like I said, was 17%. 
So, sir, can you help us understand what exactly, where is the ticket size growth? And 
is there more potential for NOP growth going ahead? These are my two questions. 
Thank you. 
Management: 
Okay. So, we stand by the growth projections given at the start of the financial year. 
And as you know, there is some seasonality. So, although our growth in this first half 
year is around 16%- 17%. But we stand by the 20% projection and we are working in 
that direction only. So, by the end of the year, we stand by the 20% growth. 
Now coming to your second question regarding ULIP, of course, the increase in share 
percentage of ULIP has also led to increase in the ticket size, as you rightly mentioned. 
And the growth in number of policies at 6% is lower because of this higher ticket size. 
Going forward, though we welcome the increase in number in the ULIP sales but we 
are also working internally to increase the share of non-par and protection plans and 
also par plans, so that a healthy mix is maintained. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sure, sir. And just following-up on the first question. So, I believe that the growth of 17% 
on individual APE for the first half largely is because of the bancassurance only growing 
at 16%, right? So, should we expect that, that would be the one of the key channels 
that could pick-up in second half? 
Management: 
Yes, go ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
Management: 
Just to add here, this quarter, if you have seen agency has grown by 35%. Bank has 
also grown by 16%. And generally, our OND and JFM are very high composition of 
business mix of almost 60%. And the way SBI channel has been poised to do now, we 
expect that not only as MD said about the product mix, but also the growth will be in 
tandem as we have guided, it will be the range bound between 19% to 20% for FY '24. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nischint Chawathe from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
My question actually pertains to channel-wise business. We have seen that agency has 
grown quite impressively this quarter. And there is a fair bit of increase or almost 
doubling of business of ULIP business from the agency channel. 
Now when you speak to some of your peers, their argument typically is that the 
persistency of agency may be somewhat lower than the bancassurance channel and 
which is the reason they would and ULIP being a product which is extremely sensitive 
to persistency, they would probably resist or pushing ULIPs through the agency 
channel. 
And I think you've grown ULIPs pretty aggressively through agency. So I was just trying 
to understand how are your persistency ratios in ULIPs versus banca? And how 
comfortable are you with this kind of growth of ULIPs through agency? 
Management: 
So, in fact, our ULIP persistency in the agency channel is better than the banca channel. 
So, there is no challenge on this front, and we will continue to push the products in the 
agency channel. You would have noticed that our agency growth was 35% compared 
to banca. So, the focus remains on having a healthy mix of all the channels. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
The 13-month persistency on agency versus banca? 
Management: 
Yes. So, 13-month persistency in agency is better than the company average. So, 
agency used to be always far better than the company average as far as the 13th month 
is concerned. Secondly, our agency persistency is one of the best in the industry and 
which we will continue to explore on this particular 13th month. Not only on 13th month 
rather, now our agency channel persistency for 37th, 49th and 61st also have been 
growing significantly for us and which is almost kind of one of the best in the industry. 
We don't see much instance on the side of the ULIP business coming down because 
of persistency because our ticket size and our geography where we present in India, it 
has been helping, and that is what is our USP in the success of agency channel for SBI 
Life. And we will continue to monitor that and continue more penetration will be there 
for our Tier 2, Tier 3 cities going forward as far our agency is concerned. 
Nischint Chawathe: 
On the product mix side, I think in the last quarter, you had guided that the overall share 
of ULIPs will sort of moderate down for the year. So would you still kind of go with that 
sort of a guidance? I know it's gone up in this quarter. But separately, as we go towards 
the end of the year, how do you see the mix panning out? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
Management: 
So, while we continue to work towards some intended ratio of 55:45 kind of ULIP and 
non-ULIP, but you will appreciate that this mix is somewhere & sometimes also directed 
by the market conditions. Equity markets are doing pretty well. So generally public are 
more inclined to go for ULIP in this scenario. But our focus on other products remains 
the same and our intended goal also remains the same for getting a 55:45 kind of mix. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha from Nuvama Wealth 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
So, a couple of questions. Number one, see market conditions are good and that helped 
you achieve a pretty good growth in Q2 and partly also offset the bad performance or 
the subpar performance in Q1. So, but market conditions now are not that good, right? 
So, markets have become a lot more-shaky. So, in that context, if ULIP does not do 
well and even the IRRs on some of the non-par products have come off given the 
interest rate curve has flattened quite a bit. Would you see that as a challenge in the 
second half to growth, right? So that's question number one. 
Second, a very large growth has come also in your group APE, if I'm correct. So in first 
half, the growth from group APE is pretty solid and a lot of it happened in Q2. So it will 
be important to just understand where is it coming from? How much is sort of credit life 
and how much is GTI? And if a lumpy GTI business has contributed to this? 
And third, we've got some feedback that commissions for the agency channel have also 
gone up, in general commission rates have gone up. So how are we reacting to the 
market condition? And how has this sort of managed to get such a good growth in 
agency? Yes, these would be a few of my questions. Thank you. 
Management: 
So first of all, I will say that the first quarter, you cannot say it was bad. It was maybe a 
little subdued. But we have made up that in the second quarter and the first half overall 
is pretty good. As far as market conditions, you are saying this temporary kind of 
volatility will always continue. These market corrections keep happening every quarter, 
every half year at frequent intervals. So exactly, I will not say that the market conditions 
have gone adverse. 
And in any case, this is an insurance, this is not purely investment. So, we will continue 
to push it insurance products and our channels, various channels, including the 
predominant banca channel, they continue to work to push insurance and they tap all 
the available opportunities. So, as I earlier also said, we stand by our 20% growth 
projection. And we are sure that with the right kind of product mix and right use of 
channel, we will be able to achieve our intended growth numbers. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right. Sir, just a follow-up. See, your ULIP is predominantly debt, so almost, I guess, 
about 68% of the linked AUM is debt AUM, still market conditions have such a big 
impact. So that's the conundrum, which I'd like to just, if you can explain that a little bit 
that how are we selling this to be a market product, but with equity component being 
much lower? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
Management: 
See, just to give you the perspective about our new business inflows, it is not debt 
dominant. You are referring to the AUM. That is the reason you are seeing this debt to 
equity. As far as our new business inflow or the renewal businesses are concerned, it 
is quite balanced. So, we don't see any challenge per se, as such for SBI Life, and we 
are pretty confident, as MD said, we have been spread across India from the SBI 
network as well as for our agency channel. 
 
We are quite confident that, our mix as well as debt equity to the various strata of the 
customers whom we are catering, we are quite confident that we will able to maintain 
our composition in the debt equity. So, there is no challenge per se, either of the market 
going up and down. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Right. And on the group business side, if you could help me understand, this quarter, 
we've seen a very strong growth? 
Management: 
In fact, in the group business, we have done very strongly on some of the segments. 
So particularly on the GTI, we have done good. Group Credit Life, as you know, we 
have been doing good. So that is also growing in double digit. So overall group 
business, if you see group protection is around 15%. And this is the overall at this 
moment on the group business side and group credit life has been growing at 12% to 
13%. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Okay. And finally, on the commission rates in the agency channel and what is 
happening over there? 
Management: 
See, as far as our commission structure is concerned, there is no change as we have 
been very consistent about all our channels commission payouts, and we'll continue to 
do that. And specifically, to the agency, there is no change, as I said, because across 
our channels, the same rate of commissions is being paid. When it is required, we will 
discuss. And accordingly, we take a call based on the sentiment at that point of about 
the market. If it's a non-par or ULIP or any other segments, we will appropriately take. 
But at this moment, there is no call taken about any commission restructuring as far as 
the products are concerned. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And 1 final question, sir. Any change or any update on the thought process at SBI in 
terms of increasing the commission payouts given that the EOM caps or the 
commission caps have gone. So, any update over there which you would like to share? 
Management: 
So, CFO just confirmed that as of now, we have not looked into any changes in any of 
the commission structure, be it agency channel or banca channel. So, we will respond 
to the situation as the things pan out going forward. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Got it, all right. 
Management: 
And if you see, the required whatever we plan to pay based on our own assessment 
and based on the various other features, we have appropriately taken into our accounts 
also. So, it is appropriately disclosed. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Management: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Yes. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Firstly, on the banca channel, particularly SBI, 
what would be the number of branches of SBI that would be selling SBI Life products 
today? And how do you plan to increase this going ahead? 
Management: 
You see all the branches are authorized to sell and all branches continue to sell, but 
what we can say is that in any given month, say, from 55% to 65% branches are active. 
They actively sell every month. So that mix keeps changing. All our branches are 
authorized. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Coming to the product mix. In the individual protection business, what's the mix 
of ROP and non-ROP? 
Management: 
It is same, which has been every quarter-on-quarter, we used to publish between 85% 
to 15%. 
Prayesh Jain: 
85% is ROP and 15% is non-ROP? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. Got that. And what are the new product launches pipeline that you would have 
for the second half? 
Management: 
So, we are working on the quite a few products. So maybe we will introduce one or two 
products in the non-par savings segment. We're also working on the comprehensive 
review of this rider portfolio because that will help us to not only increase the protection, 
but also in some of the saving product if you are having the waiver premium rider & 
other benefit rider then also enhance to sale up those products. So, we're working on 
that line. 
We're also working on one or two ROP protection product. ROP on higher ticket size. 
Because, as you know, we continuous updating and we are saying that 86% is coming 
from ROP. So, if we have to do better, objective is to introduce another segment in the 
ROP things for a higher segment and then that will come. And also, we're looking to 
some of the things on deferred annuity side, so that will come concurrently. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Okay. And last question from a protection supply standpoint, are we back to pre-COVID 
levels or in terms of medical underwriting or financial underwriting, back to pre-COVID 
levels or what is support from reinsurance companies. Where are we standing there? 
Management: 
So, on the reinsurance side, we have seen a lot of improvement coming there. So, this 
is because now people have stabilized, the COVID claim is more or less stabilized, 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
though we're not getting full benefit but we do see a lot of support coming from the 
reinsurance side, both in terms of the higher nonmedical limit also in terms of the 
premium reduction. So quite a few places where the reinsurer has in case of premium 
paid on account of COVID, they either looking case by case basis reducing that to some 
component like credit life, we have got some reduction, that's also helping us in the 
margin enhancement. 
So we expect that going forward, maybe six months to eight months, we may get further 
support from the reinsurance, plus our ability to reach to the cross border insurer has 
also increased, and we're getting a lot of benefit and support from the reinsurance 
market. 
So, COVID is though very difficult to assess this but in the corner and going forward, 
once the improving trend will get stabilized, we'll get some more benefit as well. As of 
now, both the reinsurer and we are also taking a cautious and prudence approach 
before going to the significant reduction on the premium base. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dipanjan Ghosh from Citi. Please go 
ahead. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Hi, sir. Good evening, sir. Few questions. First, if I look at your non-par product and see 
the growth in non-banca and non-agency basically the other channels, that has been 
relatively robust on your non-par and protection growth. So, could you give some color 
on what will be the channels and whether it's non-par or par that is growing in this 
channel? And also, from a policy versus premium perspective, our ticket size 
perspective? 
Second, in your other channels if you can give some color on what the mix would be of 
non-SBI banca? And how the growth has been shaping up and if you're planning on 
adding a few more banca tie-ups that may be there in the pipeline? 
Lastly, in your last quarter, you had highlighted that you are taking certain strategic 
steps to improve productivity at agency, we see some granular data during the quarter, 
but if you can give some more granular information on how agency is shaping up from 
both near and from a medium-term perspective out there? 
Management: 
You were talking about non-agency, non-banca channel, right? 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Yes. 
Management: 
So actually, the base there is pretty small. So, the growth percentage-wise looks pretty 
good. And we will continue to work with our existing partners as well as we are always 
on the lookout for the new partnership in this area. And as you know, we will continue 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
to drive the business in all product segments, ULIP as well as non-par, par and 
protection. So new partners, of course, discussions are always on. And as and when 
they add up, the numbers will start increasing further. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. Sir, I was asking more from the non-par and protection perspective, you gave the 
segmental breakup. It seems that on a low base also, while other channels have 
witnessed decline in non-par it seems that -- the non-banca, non-agency have seen 
some improvement. So, I just wanted to get some color on that? 
Management: 
See, non-par others, which is our Smart Platina, so that is almost kind of a significant 
growth in the other banca partners, which is almost kind of 41%. In case of protection 
also, they have been growing in a good rate, which is almost kind of a 12%-plus and 
annuity also, they have been doing growth in the double digits. 
So in the IA, which is being the other than agency and banca channel is doing overall 
good as compared to last year with a balanced product segment. And we expect that 
they will do better in this next six months because the composition, which we are 
expecting from them is better non-ULIP as compared to ULIP. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Got it, sir. And if you can give some color on if you're looking for incremental banca tie-
ups or if anything that is in the pipeline? 
Management: 
So, as I said, that there are discussions always going on. And as and when we onboard 
new partner, we will let you know. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. And lastly, sir last question on agency, your strategic initiatives and how they are 
shaping up and how agency is geared up for 2H and for medium term? 
Management: 
If you see the numbers, the growth in agency channel in the second quarter is much 
better. And now they are more aligned to our annual growth targets also. The one thing 
is that the number of new agents added in the second quarter is pretty high. And as 
these new agents get active, they will start contributing to the top line of the company 
in a much better manner in the second half. 
Dipanjan Ghosh: 
Sure. Thank you and all the best. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from Ambit Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
Thank you, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I had three questions. Starting with the 
first one. Now if I look at your commission to premium ratio and compare second quarter 
FY '24 with last year, there seems to be a 60-basis point impact in your commission to 
gross premiums. 
But when I look at the product mix, the ULIP, which has typically had lower 
commissions, that has increased. So how should I think about this? Why has the 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
commission into gross premium ratio increased? That's one. Number two is on the 
individual protection, that has declined in the second quarter, just reasons why that has 
been the case because your peers are seeing growth in that category? 
And lastly, on the agency, you one of the key drivers for your agency growth has also 
been agent additions last year, on a gross basis, you added around 75,000 agents. This 
year, you have added till date around 50,000 agents. So how should we think about 
agent addition going forward? Can this pace continue? And what has been driving this 
significant agent addition because previously, you were not adding agents at this rate? 
So, if you could help me with these three questions that would be very helpful. 
Management: 
See, first one is the commission percentage which you have mentioned about to the 
GWP. In fact, the commission has come down is due to the product mix. ULIP has gone 
up and non-par has come down. And that is the reason only the commission rate has 
been come down. Otherwise, as we already discussed, we will be focusing on the non-
par and protection and par. So, this will take up the commission ratio further going 
forward. 
Second one is the protection. Protection, particularly on the individual protection, we 
can say that it is flat. So, we anticipated a good growth, which already the second half 
numbers have started doing well. And we expect that we will achieve whatever targets 
we have fixed for ourselves in the FY '24 in the individual protection. 
And as Prithesh has already mentioned about the new products, which we are planning 
to launch, that will also help us to achieve our numbers but that is continuously in the 
focus for us, and we will continue to deliver the numbers which we have planned for FY 
'24. 
Agency channel, particularly, just to give you a perspective, we have been adding and 
we are the one of the best in the agency channel, particularly not only on the 
performance but also on the additions. There’re two factors to it. One is the additions 
for us is being very consistent. This year, we have added already in the books in SBI 
Life as far as the agency is concerned, we have crossed 2,36,000 agents, which is a 
growth of 33% over last year. And the gross additions if I can tell you, this is almost 
touching 50,000 in the first half itself. And the productivity also has gone up for our 
agency channel year-on-year. 
So from the productivity as well as from the number of agents, we are very focused. 
And parallelly, what we are also focusing for agency channel is that the branch 
activation and the branches of SBI Life should be there across regions so that they get 
the assistance whatever is required for our agency channel. So comprehensively, the 
agency channel is being very, very focused for us and we wanted to take agency for 
higher growth. At this moment, they're growing at 20% plus on YTD, H1'24, but it will 
definitely grow for the bigger numbers in the going forward. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
Supratim Datta: 
Got it. Sir, just to clarify one point. So, on the commission to gross premium, it has 
actually increased from last year. So last year, it was 4.4%, this year it's 5%? 
Management: 
See, commission last year, if you see, as far as my number is concerned, it is 4.6% vis-
a-vis 4.5% and that is almost flattish. That is what I said, it has almost kind of a flat 
number, commission is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahek from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Mahek: 
So, I have a couple of questions. So first one would be, sir, if we look at the margin 
trajectory, it will be dependent on the product mix, operating expenses and external 
factors such as interest rates. So now looking at the possible product mix, including 
some uptick in the credit life and non-par saving products. How do you see the margin 
panning out for the rest of the year? That would be the first one. The second one would 
be, I mean, the other channels have been doing well. So, can you help us understand 
what's going on there? That would be the two questions from my side. 
Management: 
As far as margin projections are concerned, we stand by the guidance that we had 
provided about it being in the range of 28% to 30% and we continue to stand by that. 
As you see, our first half year margin is also at 28.6%. So, within the same range, 
depending on some basis points here or there depending on the product mix and the 
channel, it will continue to be in the same range. 
As far as product mix is concerned, as I already said, earlier that ULIP because of the 
market conditions may be selling more, but they are more than welcome. What we have 
to do and what we are focusing upon is increasing the number of policies in the non-
par and protection so that the healthy mix is preserved. And this same product mix, we 
are trying to push through all our channels, be it banca, agency or other alliances, other 
banks and all. 
Mahek: 
And sir, on the other channel one? 
Management: 
Channel is a small part, but definitely, it also includes the digital part, digital channel, 
where we have some presence and we the base is very small. So, the growth that is 
shown in digital channel that is on a lower base. So, the percentage-wise, it shows very 
high, but we will continue to focus on this channel, keeping future in mind and we are 
also going to offer some more products on the digital channel in the digital market. As 
far as other relationships are concerned, we will continue to look for more opportunities 
with other banks as well as NBFCs wherever possible on the group side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Neeraj Toshniwal from UBS India. 
Please go ahead. The line for the current participant seems to have disconnected. We 
will proceed with the next question, which is from the line of Raj Saya from Agam 
Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
Raj Saya: 
Just wanted to understand on the SBI Bank channel. Just wanted to know is there any 
threat of new participants or partners in that channel like we are seeing in other banks 
in terms in the context of the open architecture? Do you see any threat there? 
Management: 
So, State Bank, of course, is our strongest partner, and we don't foresee or I don't think 
there are any discussions going on at the current time for any other partnership in that 
sphere. 
Raj Saya: 
Got it. Okay. Related, in the SBI bank channel, can you give any indication of what the 
sales in terms of rural versus urban area's branches? Or at least an indication of how 
this is going in terms of mining the rural area and the penetration? 
Management: 
See the overall for SBI as a channel, it is kind of a 50-50. So, 50% rural and 50% urban. 
So, we have got four classifications within that. But in the broad terms, it is like metro, 
urban, semi-urban and rural. So, if you see, then it is kind of a 50-50 composition. 
Raj Saya: 
Okay. 50-50 in terms of sales, sir? New business sales? 
Management: 
Yes. New business. 
Raj Saya: 
Okay. Great. Great. Another unrelated question. Just wanted to understand in the 
context of the long-term savings products that we sell, which are extremely long-term, 
sometimes more than 20 years. My understanding is that we may not have liquid 
hedging instruments for these kinds of products that we sell to protect the long-term 
risks. So, what is the strategy there? Or is it kind of a probability-based thing? Because 
we see that in the Western developed markets, there have been cases where insurance 
companies themselves have gone bankrupt because of losses on these long-term 
guaranteed products. 
Management: 
So on this, when we are referring for the long-term saving product 30 years, 26 years 
in the policy term, what we do, we don't offer the regular premium long-term savings 
product, we do offer the limited price saving product. And if you look into our maximum 
policy premium paying term that we offer is 10 years. So, if you first premium you miss, 
you have to hedge only maximum to nine premiums. And as of now, we don't see any 
challenge. We are getting appropriate hedging. And our strategy is we'll keep writing 
this product till we get hedge. 
 
If there will be challenge coming from the hedging perspective and revisit our strategy 
and we will work upon. No way we are going to take undue risk. And just to assure you 
and others that at SBI Life, whenever savings in a non-par guarantee product, all are 
hedged. We are taking appropriate ALM positions and there is no undue risk on account 
of interest rate movement in the future. So very secure product and that's the reason 
we are offering these products. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prashant Kothari from Pictet. Please 
go ahead. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
Prashant Kothari: 
Okay. Yes. I'd just like to understand in the last earnings call, this was asked about the 
kind of new guidelines by IRDA on commissions. And you mentioned that you'll be 
coming up with some new policy regarding that, any kind of update on that? And any 
kind of conversations going on with SBI on any potential kind of change in the 
commission structures? 
Management: 
See, the overall commission structure for across partnerships, we have accordingly 
considered and under the new Expense of management guideline. And appropriately, 
wherever it is required, we have communicated and provided in the books. So, you can 
see it from the financials or whatever has been already provided is clearly mentioned 
there. So, the discussions with all the partnerships are being very productive and 
wherever required, we have appropriately provided for that. 
Prashant Kothari: 
So, should we expect any change in the overall margin structure for the company, sir? 
Management: 
No. So, we don't see anything any change in the margin structure at all because it is 
based on the product mix and various other parameters as already have been 
prescribed in our internal policy. So, we don't see any change in that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vivek Khanjode from Aditya Birla Sun 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Khanjode: 
Sir, the first question is on credit life. So, I wanted to understand the portfolio mix for 
the credit life new business premium, how much of it -- the percentage of it coming from 
the captive SBI Bank and the other partners? 
The second question is on the GTL front, where the group GTL has shown high growth. 
Is this because of the strategic any strategic calls that have been taken recently or is it 
because of some other reasons? And the third question is on the group annuity front. 
So, what is the percentage in terms of group fund, what is the percentage of annuity 
that has been contributed for the new business premium? 
Management: 
Credit life generally is being done through our SBI channels. And this consists of almost 
around 15% of our total group business. And second one, you asked about? 
Management: 
GTI business? 
Management: 
GTI business, this quarter, we have done and which has been very significantly in the 
higher side. And there are some deals which have been fructified, which we have been 
trying for last two, three months. And that is the reason this group GTI has gone up 
significantly as compared to the previous period. 
The third one you asked about the group annuity. Group annuity at this moment, you 
see, it is growing at around 20% plus. And we see both in the individual as well as group 
annuity, there is a good traction and we continuously focus on annuity business as we 
have been doing it for a few quarters now. And at this moment, group annuity is growing 
at 20% plus and individual annuity is also growing significantly more than that. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
Management: 
Just to add on your question on the GTI business on account change in strategy. We'd 
like to clarify, there's no change in the strategy from our side. We are very much there 
in the group protection business and we are very much there today. So, depending on 
the profile that we're getting is making sense for us in terms of the profitability and the 
claim ratio, we do accept that.  
 
And I think you look back in the COVID period, as and when most of our peers were 
hesitant taking any group business, we do participate in the GTI business. So, our 
strategy remained intact. There is no change. We look in the group business case-by-
case basis, scheme-by-scheme basis and if scheme makes financially viable for us, we 
do participate and take on our book. 
Vivek Khanjode: 
Okay, sir. And on the group front side, what is the mix on trad and ULIP for the new 
business premium? 
Management: 
I think mostly coming on the group front mostly coming on the traditional part. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Roshan Chutkey from ICICI Prudential 
Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Roshan Chutkey: 
Essentially wanted to understand how should one think about the increase in surrender 
ratio that you are seeing for the last two quarters? 
Management: 
See, the surrender ratio which you have seen, which is in the increasing trend, it is not 
due to anything other than the market movement. So, it is an MTM impact. So, because 
those who have surrendered during the last few years, after five years completion, we 
need to pay them out. So that is the reason at this moment, the market is quite 
significantly higher as compared to the previous period. So, the surrender ratio it's been 
seen in the highest side. Otherwise, we don't see any challenge as far as the surrenders 
are concerned. 
Management: 
Even you compare the surrender as a percent of AUM is more or less similar. 
Management: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mohit from BoB Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mohit: 
Yes. A couple of questions. So, if I look at the rewards within your policyholder account, 
we see that there is a substantial jump even sequentially and annually. So wanted to 
understand why the rewards have increased so significantly? 
Management: 
See, as I said earlier, we have accordingly provided for depending upon our 
partnerships and the relationship with the various intermediaries. And this is based on 
our internal policy, and that is appropriately provided for in the books. 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
Mohit: 
All right. So, going forward also in the second half, we would see the rewards also, I 
mean, this amount being a little higher? 
Management: 
See, this will be very technical because as you know, previous years, this was not 
available now since it is available. So obviously, the comparison for this year, we'll see 
in a little higher side. 
Mohit: 
All right. Secondly, in terms of persistency, so we have seen a very -- increase in the 
61st month persistency and our ULIP is also inching up. So, you see the ULIP, the 
customers actually holding on to SBI Life products quite longer, well that's why the 61st 
month has been higher? Any color on that? 
Management: 
So, persistency is one area where we continue to work very diligently to improve the 
percentage because lower persistency not only harms the company, it also harms the 
customer more. So, we keep running various revival campaigns, various renewal 
campaigns and all to make the persistency high. And we are very happy that our efforts 
in this regard are paying good results. And of course, with the market on the high, the 
customer has more propensity to submit his instalment timely also to gain the market 
advantage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA. Please go 
ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, I just had one question on the non-par savings product, the Smart Platina Plus. So 
in the industry, what has been seen in the past six months, everybody has taken a cut 
on their IRRs. Sir, if you can help us understand how many rounds or if any rounds of 
cuts that you have on the IRRs that you were offering on your non-guaranteed product? 
Management: 
So difficult to comment on what our peers and others are doing in the industry. We 
always have been offering the sustainable return, where some of them might be offering 
optimal or very competitive things. And when they're not able to meet, they have to go 
and reduce those returns. 
We are always prudent in our offerings. Our approach is to offer any return to the 
customer which is sustainable in longer term. So that's that. Now responding to a 
question that we have just done one modification and that reduction is maybe five to 10 
basis point reduction in the return on the customer not much. So that's all from our side. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay. So just 1 round of cut is what you have done in recent times? 
Management: 
Yes. Not very significant, only 10 to 15 basis point reduction in the IRR for the customer, 
not much. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, and just one follow up question on this. Whatever rate you offer, it's the same in all 
channels, right? If I go to an agent or a bank RM, I'll get the same for my product, right? 
Say, if I go for 10 years? 

 
SBI Life Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Management: 
Yes. All customer, we offer the same. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Yes, yes. So, I'm saying that on your product structure, is it very long-term in nature or 
is it like up to a 10 year pay and then up to 25-year income? Or is it the usual product 
is very -- is it very long-term or is it a shorter-term income? 
Management: 
No, no, it's not very long-term. We don't offer the whole life of a product. So, it's a 20, 
26 years, 30 years, not beyond that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Jhingran, MD and CEO, for his closing 
comments. Over to you, sir. 
Management: 
I thank all of you very much for the time you gave to SBI Life and all the queries. I hope 
all of you are satisfied with our responses. And if you have any more queries, you may 
get in touch with our investor relations team and we will definitely try to get back with 
the right clarification at the earliest. Thank you. God bless you all. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of SBI Life Insurance Company Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Safe harbour: Please note that this transcript has been slightly edited for the purpose of clarity. Except 
for the historical information contained herein, statements in this release which contain words or 
phrases such as 'will', 'would', ‘indicating’, ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These statements by the Company and 
its management are based only on our current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the 
future of our business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the 
economy and other future conditions and are not guarantees of future performance. Because forward-
looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in 
circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control, and actual results 
could differ materially from those presented in the forward-looking statements. 
 
