  
October 31, 2023  
  
1.  Department of Corporate Services,    
 
2.  Department of Corporate Services,  
     BSE Limited,  
  
  
  
  
       
   National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.,  
     Floor 25, P J Towers,  
  
  
  
    
   Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
     Dalal Street,  
  
  
  
  
    
   Bandra (East),  
     Mumbai - 400 001  
  
  
    
   
   Mumbai – 400 051   
     Scrip Code: 532478  
  
  
  
    
   Scrip Code: UBL  
 
Subject: Transcript of Earning Conference call on Q2 FY24 results 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
This is in further to our letter dated October 20, 2023, whereby the Company had submitted the link to the audio 
recording of Earning Call held post announcement of Financial Results for the quarter ended September 30,2023.  
 
Pursuant to the regulation 30(6) read with Para A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith Transcript of the Quarter2 FY24 Financial 
Results Earning conference call held on Friday, October 20, 2023 @ 04.00 p.m. IST with Investors and analyst. 
 
The transcript of the earnings call is also available on the Company’s website at: 
https://www.unitedbreweries.com/pdf/presentations/Transcript%20of%20United%20Breweries%20Limited%
20Q2%20FY23-24%20Earning%20Conference%20Call%20on%20October%2020,%202023.pdf 
 
We make an apology for delayed in submission of Transcript. In future, we will take utmost care to submit, 
within in the prescribed time. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, we remain, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For UNITED BREWERIES LIMITED  
 
 
 
___________________________ 
AMIT KHERA 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl: As above  
 
 
Amit 
Khera
Digitally signed by 
Amit Khera 
Date: 2023.10.31 
10:09:26 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“United Breweries Limited Q2 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RADOVAN SIKORSKY-DIRECTOR & CFO 
 
MR. VIVEK GUPTA-MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO  
MR. ROBIN ACHTEN-BUSINESS CONTROL & INVESTOR RELATIONS  
(AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES - UNITED BREWERIES LIMITED) 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HARIT KAPOOR – INVESTEC CAPITAL SERVICES 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to United Breweries Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Investec Capital Services. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any 
assistance during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Harit – Investec Capital Services. Thank you and 
over to you Mr. Harit. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thanks, Malcolm. On behalf of Investec, I would like to welcome all the participants and the 
Management Team of United Breweries for the second quarter FY24 Earnings Call. From the 
management team I have Mr. Radovan Sikorsky – Director and CFO, and Mr. Robin Achten –
Business Control and Investor Relations. 
I will now hand the call over to Mr. Radovan for his opening comments, post which we will take 
the Q&A. Over to you, Rado. 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes. Good afternoon, everybody. I am glad to be here. Also, one more thing, we also have our 
new CEO on the line Vivek Gupta, we have managed to connect to him. He will just join us to 
just mention a few words of introduction from himself. And then I will just take over with going 
through the results. So, can we try and connect through to him? 
Vivek Gupta: 
Hi, I’m on the line Rado. Can you hear me? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes. Good, Vivek. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Thanks, Rado and good afternoon, everyone. First of all, thank you for joining me on this call, 
just to introduce I have almost 25 years of work experience before I joined UB. But I’m only 25 
days old today in UB, but it has been a very exciting 25 days, my focus has been to really 
understand our operations, understand our people, understand our business. 
So, I’ve been out to almost three breweries, six markets, also in our head office right now I am 
in Europe, where we came to see our operations for the company in Amsterdam. I can only share 
that, I’m very excited I see huge opportunities, our brand power is very strong. Which is one 
very pleasant surprise that every consumer you meet they know about our brand, they have a 
view about our brands. We have a very, very strong innovation portfolio, at the same time there 
is enough work to be done on fixing our fundamentals and continue to grow the business.  
Also, I’m very excited about the work which is ahead of us from a category development in this 
market, also in terms of working with regulators. In fact, we have also already started meeting a 
lot of the key stakeholders in the government, and various state governments to really understand 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
how we can meet some of the barriers of doing business. And there is a lot of work to be done 
as an industry, but also as a market leader, as a UB we play a significant role in that. Also,                          
I would say that my focus over the next couple of months is to put together next three to five 
year strategic plan. And hopefully, when we are in the next earing call, I would like to take you 
through the snippets of the plan. And in between, would like to also engage some of you to get 
your input, your thoughts. But in short, I see significant opportunity on the business, on the 
category, on the portfolio. At the same time, I also want to thank Rado and team because as we 
know UB there was leadership transition. And one of the strengths of the management team is, 
they were able to hold the fort and continue to deliver strong results which you saw in the results 
which we declared last night about the second quarter. But at the same time, we are very humble 
that, we have a lot of ground to cover. And we are actually putting fundamentals in place. So, 
with this I will hand over to Rado, but look forward to working with all of you. 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Thank you, Vivek. Yes, it’s great we are now a full team, full management team and as Vivek 
said there is much opportunity ahead of us. So, I will start with the highlights for Q2. So, volumes 
were up 7% in the quarter, driven by strong underlying demand so, a very nice recovery versus 
quarter one for the three months in this quarter. The premium segment grew 10% in the quarter 
for us, with growth in the Ultra Max showing promising results and gaining traction, and also 
some good results for Heineken Silver. That’s, coming through of course we will soon start 
production of Heineken Silver as well in Karnataka so we will be gaining some more traction 
there as well. And in terms of net sales, net sales were up 12% fueled by the volume growth that 
I mentioned. And solid price increases across the multiple of states, such as Rajasthan, Uttar 
Pradesh, Karnataka, to mention a few Maharashtra as well. 
The gross margins were down slightly in the quarter versus the prior year around 213 basis 
points. So, the core inflation is still there yet, you all would have seen that there has been 
softening in this quarter, as we’ve always mentioned in our previous calls. And that’s good to 
see, but volatility remains on cost of goods sold, we can see that as well. But the softening is of 
course helping our gross margins. 
In terms of the year-to-date results, it is still down year-to-date 4% with a tough quarter one. 
And that was impacted by some of the route to market changes that we did, we had in some of 
the supply chain challenges that we encountered. We also focused a lot on managing interstate 
profitability. And therefore, we also had some volume pullback in those areas where we felt that 
some of the interstate sales were not profitable for us.  
Our EBIT margin was around 8% down around 180 basis points, but primarily impacted by 
inflation but you could also see that in quarter two we also stepped up a little bit our commercial 
spend behind our brands. And I’m sure you’ve seen that also now during the current Cricket 
World Cup where we have been making some investments behind Kingfisher. And finally, on 
the outlook, we continue to be focused on the category growth of course, that is key, but also on 
premium, driving premium through Heineken Silver, Kingfisher Ultra brand family. So, we 
continue focusing on that. Like I mentioned the inflationary softening has been seen in quarter 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
two. But also, in our outlook statement we feel that volatility will remain. We continue to focus 
on revenue management, SKU management, be it pricing, that is a key lever for our top line 
growth, but also focus on the cost initiatives that we have spoken about.  
We remain optimistic on the long-term growth, and you saw a lot of positive coming out also 
from Vivek’s short discussion he mentioned. So, we remain optimistic on the long-term growth 
of the business. And with that, we can go to the Q&A. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities. 
Abneesh Roy: 
My first question is on the impact of route to market. So, if I see the impact of route to market 
is around 2% in terms of overall volumes, but there is no impact in terms of the premium. So, 
wanted to understand why there is a divergence and when do you see the route to market further 
reducing in terms of the impact, it has already reduced for the Q1, but when do you see it fully 
going away? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, on the route to market, we remain cautious on the route to market of course, we are seeing 
good traction coming back. In markets like Tamil Nadu, we really start cycling the main impacts 
of the route to market changes in November, December and into January. So, we’ll be really 
cycling that. So, then we would see less impact from those RTM changes. Your question on 
premium, the premium category for us was also impacted by the route to market challenges. So, 
there is some impact in there and we expect this 10% premium growth to accelerate going 
forward in our portfolio. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on the region wise volume growth which you have given, very 
heartening to see East and South both grow in double digit volume. So, here my question is more 
on Delhi and Haryana where still volumes are declining. So, when do you see this reversing and 
in terms of East and South is it a market share gain also, or is the industry also growing in similar 
doubled eight volumes in East and South? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, in Haryana, yes we’ve had some declines although at the end of the quarter we’ve seen 
recovery again so that’s good to see. We have been looking at some of our commercial terms in 
Haryana. So, we’ve been working through that with our customers so there was a bit of impact 
on that, but we remain quite positive on Haryana. In terms of Delhi, as you may know there 
hasn’t really been a change in the excise policy going forward. So, we still remain cautious on 
volume development in Delhi, going forward. So, it’s still currently for us a difficult market. In 
terms of the 11% growth so we’ve seen some nice share gains in certain states. So, there we have 
seen that we have been doing well, states like Orissa as well. And also, in the states of Telangana 
and in Andhra Pradesh, we’ve gained share. 
 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Abneesh Roy: 
So, thanks and last question is on margin so sequentially quarter-on-quarter there is a gain of 
around 400 bps in terms of margins. Unfortunately, that’s not going to be the EBITDA and 
EBITDA level which is sequentially at the same level. So, want to understand when do you see 
the gross margin expansion flowing towards EBITDA and EBIT, and staff cost is up sharply, 
18%, quarter-on-quarter and 8% Y-o-Y, so if you could elaborate why such a sharp increase 
here? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, if you look at the year-to-date results, the costs are growing around 4% and employee cost 
is up 8% and on the year-to-date within the quarter we had a couple of one-offs and also some 
provisions we are cycling from the previous quarter, which has an impact on the percentage 
growth quarter-on-quarter. So, it’s a couple of one-offs there, but the trending line of year-to-
date is a reflection of our cost side at the moment, and therefore that should come through to the 
operating profit margins going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak. Please go 
ahead.  
Jay Doshi: 
I’ve got a couple of questions. The first one is just a quick follow up on the previous question. 
So, if I understand correctly, what you indicated is that there was some one-offs employee cost 
in this quarter, one should look at first half employee cost as a more normalized run rate from a 
full year perspective, is that understanding correct? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, so well. But I understand that you are referring back to the previous questions in terms of 
in the Q2 where there is some one-off cost in personnel cost and any other expenses and that’s 
correct, yes, we are cycling some from quarter two 2022 and also one-off cost in quarter two of 
this year.  
Jay Doshi: 
But what is the normalized run rate of personal cost, what is the quarterly run rate that we should 
model? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
The trend of the year-to-date results is a bit more in line with what we are seeing going forward. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. The second one is, was there any spillover of volume from first quarter to second 
quarter because you had called out some supply chain challenges last quarter that impacted 
volume. So, is this 7% growth looking more sustainable in nature, or this is consequence of 12% 
decline that you saw and so we shouldn’t expect this to sustain? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, so like I mentioned in the first quarter that we had some supply issues which impacted 
volumes. And we also were still facing a little bit more volume pressure from the route to market, 
which recovered more and more as the year progressed. So, the quarter two is a good reflection 
of the volume growth in the industry, but we are we still cautious on going forward and have the 
volumes develop, we remain optimistic for the long term like I’ve said, but on a quarter-by-
quarter we can have some pressure. 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. One last one if I may, your gross margin recovery of 400 odd basis point on 
sequential basis, does it fully capture the benefit of low-cost barley and how should we think 
about further improvement in gross margins from these levels, what is required for you to move 
up from the current level? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, we are already starting to cycle some of the improved barley prices  and therefore, there is 
an improvement on margins. And it’s also a combination of some of the cost initiatives we are 
running which I mentioned, within the breweries, and it’s also helping us in terms of our 
efficiencies. volatility remains going forward. So, we will endeavor to drive up the gross margins 
and that’s not just through better variable cost, but also like I mentioned through revenue 
management activities to drive top line so it should be a combination of end-to-end. But we need 
to just be cautious on the variable cost going forward still, I believe. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We have from the line of Karan Taurani from Elara Capital for the next 
question. Please go ahead.  
Karan Taurani: 
My first question was pertaining to the festive. So, you mentioned that you are cautiously 
optimistic about the demand, don’t you foresee that the World Cup and festive as a combination 
coming together will lead to much stronger volume growth in the next quarter or this quarter 
rather? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, I’m not going to give forecasts on volumes for the next quarter. We don’t do that, actually. 
But, quarter two was strong and hopefully that sort of momentum can remain, but let’s see how 
the volumes pan out going forward. 
Karan Taurani: 
Got it. Just a secondly on the premium beer front, you mentioned that you will see acceleration 
in the premium beer growth as well. Currently, the growth is about 10% odd. And the market 
average growth for the premium beer is far higher. So, when do you start to see growth which is 
more than 15% or probably higher than that number because your base of premium is far smaller 
as compared to peers, basically when do we see potential market share gains in the premium 
beer segment for you? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, you’re 100%, right we are not 10% premium growth sounds like a nice number, but it’s by 
far not where we should be in terms of premium growth, and we are not doing as well as the 
market is doing. So, we are working strongly to have stronger plans in place. It’s one of also the 
priorities that Vivek is looking at, he sees the importance of premium beer as one of the pillars 
of growth. Let’s just be clear about that, it’s not just about premium, premium is an extremely 
important pillar, but it’s also growing the category and it’s also about like we always mentioned 
that we need to focus on Kingfisher, our mainstream brand. But we will work strongly on the 
premium and we are working on strong plans to grow that and we need to then execute on us. 
 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Karan Taurani: 
Got it. Just one little thing if I may squeeze in, whatever changes from your end in terms of route 
to market, in terms of profitability was because Kingfisher or regular beer is low margin in 
nature. So, any change in stance now that you are going to focus more on Kingfisher also, and 
not just the premium beer segment? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Sorry, can you just repeat that question a little bit slower. 
Karan Taurani: 
Yes. None of the strategic initiatives over the last one year in terms of change in route to market 
and other things put together, was because of profitability and that is specifically more to the 
point of regular beer, which could be low margin in nature in this inflationary environment. So, 
any change in stance or strategy that you will try to focus more on Kingfisher also now with the 
inflationary environment kind of cooling off or stabilizing? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Look we continue focusing on Kingfisher if I understood your question correctly. Kingfisher is 
for us the icon of the business, make no mistake it’s an extremely important brand for us. And 
we believe we need to just work on the Kingfisher brand, so it’s a beer for all demographics and 
that’s key for us, for our younger consumers, for our older consumers. And through the 
commercial team, we are working on some exciting things around Kingfisher. And we remain 
very optimistic about the brand going forward. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
I just want to understand in terms of the market share losses, last time we had indicated around 
150 basis point kind of an underlying share loss for us on an ongoing basis. Can you just 
elaborate what kind of market share gains or losses we have during current quarter? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, so in quarter one we struggled with share. And that was reflected, with a 12% volume 
decline. But we see some nice share recovery in quarter two in quite a few markets, and there 
are some markets that we believe we still do have a lot of work ahead of us But we continue 
hovering close to the 50% mark. And the nice recovery in quarter two versus quarter one. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Okay, quite helpful thanks. The second question that I had was more on the input price, if I were 
to look at the glass cost, can you just share some bit of your understanding of how the glass 
prices actually kind of moving. And if we were to look at the current prices on both glass and 
the barley at the current level, can we expect further improvement in margins going ahead or we 
need to take further price increases to offset the current price? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, on the glass as you know, glass is a combination of the actual price of the bottle but also on 
the returnability of the bottle. And the combination of those two has an impact on the variable 
cost per case. In terms of the actual cost of bottle pricing we haven’t seen any real movement 
there. So, we are still under pressure in terms of bottle pricing, and we need to work through that 
with our suppliers. On the return ability so on that we feel we need to get still a stronger grip on 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
that, our return rates were good and as we spoke about this before, but not at the level that we 
would like them to be at, to be honest. And that’s as a team and as a business we need to work 
through with our partners across India to improve on that. Definitely, and this is such an 
important thing also from a sustainability agenda in terms of all packaging, returnable bottles, 
right number one in terms of sustainability, and therefore it’s a key point from us not only from 
a profitability point of view, but also from a sustainability point of view. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Thanks for that, just that last part of the question if you can just address also if the current prices 
of both barley and glass, can we expect the margins to improve in the coming quarters or we 
have to take further price increases to offset the cost? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, like I mentioned previously I have said that we continue working on the gross margins and 
thinking going forward we want to see improvement in those margins. But like I said, it’s a 
combination of top line and variable cost so pricing, revenue management and working on the 
variable cost base, but we remain optimistic that we can grow these gross margins going forward. 
But like I said, as well volatility remains and as you all know we can be surprised with certain 
commodity prices be it sharp increases in aluminum prices, et cetera which has been, if you have 
price adjustment formulas that can impact your variable cost. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Nillai Shah from Moon Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Nillai Shah: 
Last time on the call, I had asked this question about the fact that given that the volumes were 
rather weak, over the past few quarters, you would possibly be running extra barley inventory 
into 2Q versus what you normally would, you kind of said yes to that question. So, now can you 
quantify as to the fact that this quarter the lower barley inventory, which you have the new barley 
inventory, was it utilized for half the quarter, less than half the quarter, some positive comments 
around that to help us understand the gross margin trends going forward? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, we discussed it and I commented to you that, that was a good question. So, of course the 
consumption was slower than what we expected in our forecasting because of the 12% decline 
in quarter one. But then we have good recovery in quarter two, have we consumed all the barley 
from the old prices, I can say it’s close to being that. So, we are now cycling with the improving 
margins, the new pricing. And, that’s of course helping the gross margins. It was a good barley 
crop and we have made sure we have secured the barley for going into the next season, and then 
for the new crop. And we took a bit of reserve on that, because we felt the pricing was good. 
Nillai Shah: 
Okay, got it. So, when I come back to all these questions that were asked on margins, we have 
a situation today where barley is back to the pre-COVID levels, aluminum and non-glass 
packaging is pretty much back to pre-COVID levels. And UBs margins pre-COVID used to be 
upwards of 50%. So, without getting into the specifics timing of this, with the anchoring of the 
management be to try and get to gross margins at some point in time, which are next, or basically 
just back to the pre-COVID levels, in terms of gross margins? 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, so of course you are pushing me here again into forecasting going forward. And like I said, 
we are definitely, the ambition of this company is to improve margins. And that’s the bottom-
line margin as well. So, it’s not just gross margin, but also operating profit margin. We see that 
trend, are we yet to pre-COVID levels, No. Do we aim to get there, 100% -Yes. And like I said 
again, working on our pricing, working on our state mix, working on things like interstate sales, 
working on efficiencies in the breweries in terms of material consumptions. And we remain 
cautious on the volatility again, yes, we all see that there is a pricing in the markets, but when 
you listen to some of the commentary about what can happen going forward, it’s still an 
unknown and we still remain to have pressure on bottle pricing. And like I said, the bottle pricing 
is again a combination of the price of the bottle and the returnability of the bottle. So, certain 
things are in our control, like returnability, and therefore we have to focus and execute on it. 
Some things are not fully in our control our pricing of bottling, bottles, and other end 
commodities like aluminium, and therefore we have to use other levers like pricing  
Nillai Shah: 
On the glass bit, isn’t it true that the glass bottle, for new bottles, is now linked in a way to the 
commercial aspects of production, which is to say that energy prices, coal prices, in particular 
have dropped quite dramatically. So, the bottle manufacturers, essentially as per your terms need 
to pass on those benefits to you? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, I’m not going to go into the details of our contracts. But, there is a normal negotiation process 
with a supplier of course, it’s a combination of that and it’s a combination of supply and demand 
in the market of glass and the capacities available of glass production in the country. So, there’s 
a couple of factors there. 
Nillai Shah: 
Got it. And just a last quick bit, can you just throw some light again, some positive comments 
on Karnataka, I see we are still losing market share out there, the rate of loss has come down, 
but we are still losing some amount of market share out there. So, any thoughts, any comments 
on what we are doing to reverse that change that. Thanks. 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
So, in the state of Karnataka we had some supply issues in quarter one, and of course that causes 
us share loss. And when you lose share, to recover share back is of course, more difficult. But 
we are working on strong plans to get back to share growth in Karnataka, across the category 
segmentation, be it premium, be it the mainstream, be it the economy segment. So, yes, we are 
working through that, but we are not happy with the fact that we have lost market share in 
Karnataka 100%, not. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Ed Mundy from Jefferies. Please go 
ahead. 
Ed Mundy: 
Appreciate, there’s been quite a lot of change in the business recently, both at the Board level 
and also in the management team. But what I would really love to understand better is, over the 
next three to five years what is the dream for this business, what are you really looking to, 
achieve and what are the key things you have to get right, as you go on that journey? 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
Radovan Sikorsky:  
Well, I would love to give Vivek a bit of time in the business, and to share that with all of you 
in the next couple of months, from my side what I can say, and therefore, I will hold back on 
that a little bit, because that would be a perfect flow for Vivek, in terms of answering that 
question. But still, I don’t want to leave it just hanging there. It’s really nice that we are now a 
full-strength team. And having Vivek onboard with all his experience that he has; I really see so 
much opportunity for us as a business. In terms of the Board, yes, we have a great array of 
experience on the Board, there have been a couple of changes like you rightly said and we can 
really go forward as a team now to really grow our category going forward. As a leader in the 
market, that is key that we take leadership of this category, much more to grow the category, to 
premiumize the category. And that is something that is our responsibility as a leader. So, I would 
end it there and likely they are setting his call, we are going to be working through some longer-
term plans going forward. And then that would be a great opportunity for Vivek to come back 
to that question, which is a great question.  
Ed Mundy:  
Thank you, I will try to follow up with the regulatory environment, clearly there’s beer is quite 
expensive relative to some of the other forms of alcohol. Can you talk about any sort of recent 
wins for beer, relative to broader alcohol when it comes to trying to make beer more affordable? 
Radovan Sikorsky:  
Yes, so in terms of that, Karnataka is a nice example where we see that the playing field has 
become a bit more fearful beer versus spirits. And we can see that, and we believe that there will 
be category growth for beer, which is a low alcoholic beverage and that is very important that 
as a beer category we are a low alcoholic beverage and therefore we strive for moderation. But 
there’s a lot of other states that we are working through, with various regulatory stakeholders 
that we want to have a more level playing field in other states as well as a category. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from Harit Kapoor from Investec Capital Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Harit Kapoor: 
One was on the route to the market. So, you had spoken about Telangana in some issues which 
you had in quarter one, even from operations perspective. Would it be safe to assume that some 
of those things in terms of shift, et cetera are now kind of behind you and you don’t see a 
recurrence of those issues again? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, Telangana we had some shift issues in quarter one, so we had a strong quarter two for 
Telangana market. So, that was good to see. But we need to also still work on pricing in the 
Telangana market, we haven’t captured the price increase in Telangana this year and Telangana 
is now going into elections. So, that’s one area that we still need to work on is to get pricing in 
the states of Telangana. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the second thing was on, you spoke about certain, the Haryana is back on track, there 
was some disturbance. So, I just had a broader question on the route to market any further 
changes that we see currently, that are occurring in our route to market in terms of the way we 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
do business, that potentially could have any kind of a volume impact going forward over the 
next few quarters? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
We continue assessing our strategy from state-to-state perspective, and it’s always a game 
between volume and also value that we need to keep in mind. So, as a team now as we are also 
a full team, we are going to be working through that, to make sure that there’s the right balance 
between volume and value, and what is our strategy state-by-state. So, at this stage, now I don’t 
see anything, but I cannot say that we will not be doing some changes or adjustments to some 
of, our routine market strategies in different states. So, that’s how I would put it.  
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the last thing was on competitive intensity. So, when you look at typically in 
businesses with when prices start to cool off moderate, you do see promotional intensity, media 
intensity go up, in your case it’s more promotional and intensity. Have you started to see that in 
the market already with the barley prices softening the market promotional intensity for 
competitors that are going up? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
The competitive cost is the competitive intensity is going up. Is that the question? 
Harit Kapoor: 
Yes, in terms of more promotions, more spent by competitors as they get some benefits of the 
lower costs.  
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Well, no I haven’t really seen that from certain competitors in certain states, I can see they have 
stepped up their commercial spent. So, I haven’t seen a correlation of the price of variable cost 
to commercial spent, to be honest. But competition intensity remains strong and like I have 
always said competition is healthy and we just need to be better than our competition. But yes, 
we have stepped up our commercial spending, you saw that in quarter two. And we will also 
have some step up in the next quarter because we believe we need to invest behind our brands. 
Harit Kapoor: 
Got it. And the last thing was on the CAPEX side, this quarter one obviously was weak and 
hence for this year we’ve not had to kind of invest as much But, if you look at the run rate, do 
you expect with volume growth normalizing over the next few quarters should the annual run 
rate for CAPEX now materially go up versus what it’s been over the last three, four years, which 
have been impacted by COVID and the recovery and certain statewide issues? 
Radovan Sikorsky: 
Yes, so we spoke last time we are looking at spending around 350 crores for the year. And going 
forward into next year, we will put potentially step up some of the commercial spend in our 
supply chain and also in commercial investments as well. So, there will be a bit of a step up in 
terms of that number. But that hasn’t been yet agreed what that would be  
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to handle the 
conference over to Mr. Harit from Investec Capital Services. Please go-ahead sir. 

 
United Breweries Limited 
October 20, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Harit Kapoor: 
Thanks, Malcolm. On behalf of Investec, I would like to thank all the participants to join the 
call. And also, thanks to senior management for giving us this opportunity to host the call. I 
would now hand over to Rado for his closing comment. 
Radovan Sikorsky:  
Thanks everyone for the questions, for this quarter two. So, like I said, we are cautiously 
optimistic about this quarter in terms of performance. And going further looking ahead, like I 
said it’s all about continue to further grow the category across the segments be it economy 
mainstream and premium, for us some good questions around premium and like I said we need 
to really focus on that category and start to have grown to a fair share of that category, if I can 
put it that way. But not to take our eyes off Kingfisher and the other segments. Inflationary 
softening like I mentioned, but they will continue to be volatile, but now we are focused on the 
revenue management and cost initiatives. And we remain optimistic on the long-term growth 
potential. And in the coming course, we will give you some more insight into that with Vivek. 
So, that’s all from my side. Thank you, everyone for joining. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. On behalf of Investec Capital Services that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and now you may disconnect your lines. 
**************************************** 
