 
 
EL/SEC/2023-24/ 121 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring Rotunda  
Building, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager, Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
"Exchange Plaza', C-1, Block G  
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Script Code: 543533 
 
Symbol: EMUDHRA 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call held on November 09, 2023 
  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
read with SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) (Second Amendment) Regulations, 
2021, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Call held on November 09, 2023, post 
announcement of financial results of the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The audio 
recording of the Earnings call along with the Transcript has been uploaded on the Company’s website 
https://emudhra.com/investors.jsp. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
 
For eMudhra Limited 
 
 
 
 
Johnson Xavier 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A28304 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above. 
 
 
 
eMudhra Limited 
eMudhra Digital Campus, 12-Pl-A & 12-Pl-B, Hi-Tech Defence and Aerospace Park (IT sector), Jala Hobli, B.K. Palya, 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 562149 I Phone: +91 80 4848 4001 I Email: corporate@emudhra.comIWeb:www.emudhra.com 
CIN - L72900KA2008PLC060368 
JOHNSO
N XAVIER
Digitally signed by 
JOHNSON XAVIER 
Date: 2023.11.16 
15:17:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“eMudhra Limited Q2 FY 24 Earnings Conference 
Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VENKATRAMAN SRINIVASAN – EXECUTIVE 
CHAIRMAN 
 
MR. SAJI K. LOUIZ – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAURABH THADANI -IIFL INSTITUTIONAL 
EQUITIES. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the eMudhra Limited’s Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by IIFL Institutional Equities. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal the operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that the conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Saurabh Thadani from IIFL Institutional Equities. Sir, 
please go ahead. 
Saurabh Thadani: 
Thank you, Akshay. Good evening, everyone. Apologies for the slight delay and thanks for 
joining us today on the Q2 FY24 Earnings Call of eMudhra Limited. 
On behalf of IIFL Institutional Equities, I would like to thank the management of eMudhra for 
giving us the opportunity to host this call. Today, we have with us on the call, Mr. Venkatraman 
Srinivasan, Executive Chairman; Mr. Saji K Louiz, Chief Financial Officer. I will hand it over 
to Mr. Srinivasan to give the opening remarks and take the proceedings forward. Thank you and 
over to you sir. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Thank you, Saurabh. Thank you very much and a warm welcome to our Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
I am delighted to address you today and share our second quarter results. I am delighted to 
announce that we have delivered outstanding performance marked by substantial growth in all 
pivotal metrics. Our revenue surged by an impressive 61.5% on a YoY basis, accompanied by 
remarkable growth in EBITDA and PAT registering 23.9% and 13.9% respectively. In the 
second quarter, our broad range of successful deal acquisitions in numerous markets including 
both developed and emerging ones has resulted in our continued growth in international markets. 
To sustain this growth, we have further strengthened our local support team to cater to the US 
market and also in the Middle East and other markets. Our business in India continues to 
experience sustained momentum, largely driven by the governments ‘Digital India’ initiative 
resulting in eMudhra securing significant successes in various sectors, including e-government, 
e-science and e-stamping use cases within the banking and financial services industry. We also 
have secured notable deals across healthcare, manufacturing, automotive and other industries. 
Our integrated certificate lifecycle management solution is gaining significant traction with 
successful implementation in the banking and stock exchange sectors. In the trust service 
domain, our direct-to-consumer business is on a growth trajectory with stable pricing. Then the 
continued investment in R&D across our diverse range of product offerings, notably in our zero 
trust and paperless transformation solutions. In the realm of certificate lifecycle management, 
we are actively expanding our repertoire of connectors to facilitate seamless automated 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
certificate provisioning. We have also introduced advanced key management capabilities to 
bolster data encryption applications. Our identity and access management solution emAS is 
currently undergoing substantial enhancements to bolster its support for governance and 
authorization functions, business process model and notation-based workflow approvals and 
connectors to facilitate seamless integration with leading platforms, further streamlining 
centralized access management. 
We are upgrading our emSigner product to address localization needs of the emerging markets 
like key stamping, integrations for digital lending and connectors to seamlessly integrate with 
multiple ERP, HRMS and other platforms. In summary, we remain optimistic about growth 
prospects in the global markets and also in Indian market for both our cyber security and 
paperless transformation business segments. 
We are committed to judiciously investing in R&D and also in our sales teams to actively pursue 
these opportunities. Our key projects since during the quarter implementation of our MCA suite 
of product for large government customer focused on delivery of citizen services, the rollout of 
integrated access management and authentication platform for a large bank in India, continued 
deal wins in India across BFSA for emSign, eSign and eStamping for process automation and 
paperless transformation in lending, onboarding and other workflows. This also includes the first 
of its kind rollout of integrated customer onboarding in capital markets using DDPA instruction. 
Consulting engagement for establishment of digital signature infrastructure in a progressive 
country in Africa. Other business highlights, certification of emSigner for S/4 HANA as a core 
innovation partner with options for eSigning of documents such as invoices, offer letters etc., 
originating in SAP systems, preliminary R&D in the areas of post quantum cryptography, mobile 
PKI and associated integration mechanisms as it relates to eMudhra suite of offerings, revamp 
of our corporate website focusing on positioning zero trust using the infrastructure. So, these are 
the various developments. 
Now I request Mr. Saji Louiz to take us through the financial performance of the company during 
the quarter. 
Saji Louiz: 
Thank you, Chairman. Good afternoon, everyone. I hope you are all doing well. Let me begin 
by sharing the headline numbers for Q2 FY24. Continuing with our growth momentum of Q1 
FY24, we are happy to report revenue from operations of Rs. 963 million a YoY growth of 
64.6%. The increase was majorly led by the Enterprise Solutions segment, which registered a 
revenue of Rs. 645 million, a YoY growth of 76.5%. The Trust Services registered a revenue of 
Rs. 318 million, a growth of 9.0% year-over-year, but a sequential growth of 14.0%. Our H1 
FY24 operational revenue was Rs.1,760 million, a YoY growth of 59%. 
Our EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 287 million up 23.9% YoY and the margin was. 29.6%. 
The growth in margin improvement were driven by a higher contribution from the Enterprise 
Solutions business and internal operational efficiency. We registered a net profit of Rs. 188 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
million, up 13.9% YoY with margins of 19.4%. Our H1 FY24 EBITDA and net profit were at 
Rs. 531 million with a margin of 30.1% and Rs. 351 million with the margin of 19.8% 
respectively. As part of our overacting strategy, we remain dedicated to delivering added value 
to our stakeholders. Our primary emphasis is on establishing new strategic milestones and 
broadening our client base, consequently enhancing our market presence. 
We extend our gratitude and look forward to addressing any enquiries you may have regarding 
our recent company performance. Please feel free to ask any questions you may have. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question 
queue assembles. The first question is from the line of Parikshit Kabra from Pkeday Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kabra:  
I just wanted to understand a little bit on the numbers on the on the expense side. There is also 
a line unallocated, corporate expense which is around Rs. 30 crores this quarter as opposed to 
the same quarter last year was about Rs. 16 crores. This is I understand is on top of probably the 
sales expense that you are building up for your international business. So, just trying to 
understand why this number has increased.   
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Roughly Rs. 571 million is there for the last full year. Here, unallocated corporate expense is 
Rs. 312 million and this is for six months. Actually, this is 6 months that is pending quarter is 
wrong. Actually, this is for the whole year, the last year for the whole year, this is for 6 months. 
So, the heading is wrong. It is not for quarter ended March, this for the half year. So, that way it 
is almost in proportion only. 
Parikshit Kabra:  
Got it. Fair enough. So, then the enterprise business, the international enterprise business that 
has dropped in margin that has been purely because of the investments you are making in your 
VD capabilities abroad or is there any other reason why the margin has dropped. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Mainly number of people recruited. For example, if you take the employee cost and benefit 
expenses. The employee cost for the first half year of last year was Rs. 29 crores from there this 
year first half year is Rs. 41 crores. So similarly, if you see for Q2 FY23, it was Rs. 14.7 crore 
now it is Rs. 21 crores. So, almost Rs. 7 crores quarterly increase in employee cost itself, which 
is predominantly attributed to international. Because we have recruited number of people in the 
USA, the number of people in Qatar and Saudi Arabia, then Kenya everywhere and these are all 
started producing results, but over another one or two years it will produce better result. 
Parikshit Kabra:  
Yes. So, I just wanted to understand that in fact, because we ramped up to this kind of revenue 
now for last four quarters, we have been around this kind of revenue. So, now with these major 
investments in the BD team abroad, are we expecting to see results from next quarter? Are we 
saying that the ramp up will take 2-3 more quarters. Is there any guidance you can give along 
those lines? 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  It will take 2-3 more quarters. It may not be in the next quarter itself, because the next quarter, 
if you see this quarter, so last quarter we were around Rs. 80 crores. This quarter we were Rs. 
96 crores. In this Rs. 96 crores again this generally this July to September is the season for the 
Indian digital signature business. So, that pay will be slightly more also, so that may little bit 
come down in the next quarter, which can be compensated by the Enterprise business and all 
that. So, beyond that, further growth in the results may happen, it may take 2-3 quarters for the 
international business. Now only we are holding a number of event conferences meeting lot of 
people. Then we have created a separate inside sales team for the US, so this will all take time. 
It may not immediately happen in the next quarter. 
Parikshit Kabra:  
Okay so basically if I understood correctly, so you said that right now it is the peak season for 
your Trust services, India, DSC services 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No Quarter 2 was the peak season. 
Parikshit Kabra:  
So now that will come down somewhat, that will be compensated by Enterprise sales. But 
beyond that growth is not expected as of yet. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Immediately in the next quarter itself may not happen, may take one or two more quarter.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of. Rajvi Poladia from Sohum Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajvi Poladia: 
Sir I basically wanted to ask you why is there a decline in your international business. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No, it did not decline. If you see last quarter, almost it increased substantially from some Rs. 28 
crores or something it went to Rs. 43 crores. So, compared to that increase it remained almost 
flat. It has not declined so that kind of momentum will continue. Last quarter, if the increase was 
only few 5%, 10%, it would comparatively it would have further increased because it also 
depends on, certain large deals coming. 
Rajvi Poladia: 
Okay and sir, what is the contribution of IKon to the total revenue this quarter? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  The incremental revenue due to IKon in this quarter is around Rs. 10 crores. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Thadani from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Saurabh Thadani: 
 Hi Sir, thanks for the opportunity. My first question is on Digital Trust services. So, this quarter 
we have seen a pretty strong sequential growth in the Digital Trust services. Could you just let 
us know what this has been driven by? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  So, Digital Trust service, as I said, if you see mainly this Indian digital signature business, this 
July, August, September, second quarter is the peak season for them. Because by September 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
end, lot of companies have to file their tax audit report and some of the companies need to file 
the income tax returns and also number of company law returns have to be filed in that period. 
So, because of that, generally the volume in the second quarter comparatively, if you see the 
volumes of the digital signature, the token based digital signature, this is not the same token 
based digital signature business. Out of the yearly volume almost to some 35-40% happens in 
the second quarter. So, that is one driver and the second driver is, in the end of September around 
24th or 25th, we increase the price also. So, both these resulted in the increase in the domestic 
Digital Trust services business. 
Saurabh Thadani: 
Got it. Thank you. My next question is in terms of the order book since we last declared it six 
months back, could you give us an idea about how that has trended over the last six months? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No, last six months it has improved considerably. So, in line with the previously from almost 
Rs. 70 crores it increased to some Rs. 120 to Rs. 130 crores, their proportion it is increasing. In 
the pipeline what we are negotiating with the customers, everything is also increasing. So, that’s 
why based on those things we gave last time around the Rs. 350 to Rs. 360 crore, we can 
definitely achieve in this year. So, which we continue to be bullish we should be able to achieve 
it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rishi Maheshwari from Aksa Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishi Maheshwari: 
Hi, this is Rishi Maheshwari. Thank you so much for taking my question. Sir, you have had a 
very splendid quarter this quarter. I think it is confluence of several factors that has come 
through, one of which is obviously the growth in the international business, and you have 
positioned yourself over several last few quarters to do marketing activities. At the same point 
in time you have mentioned in the last few quarters that there is receiving competition in the 
trust services that had challenged the pricing environment. So, having taken note of both these 
factors in both your industries, is it possible if you can give some qualitative as well as 
quantitative outline for the next two years in terms of how the growth will be for the for the ERP 
Solution business and the cash cow Trust business. Thank you. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  That Trust business we had earlier told we may be able to achieve growth of 15% over the last 
year. Last year compared to the previous year. The previous year was around Rs. 85 crores, last 
year also was around Rs. 83 crores. So, then 15% growth is possible and now based on this if 
you see the first two quarter number, first two quarter number itself is almost a little over Rs. 50 
crore, Rs. 51 and Rs. 52 crores. So, based on that, we are still confident that we can achieve this 
15% growth over the last years. If we just double, it or a little lower than double also. So, that 
way there is no problem on that, whatever we told earlier, we still stick to it. Then the Enterprise 
Solution business because the pipeline what we are chasing, and the order book is continuously 
increasing. So, that is what is giving us the confidence of achieving this whatever number we 
had with the last time and all what we had told around this Rs. 360 crore kind of number for the 
whole year. That also we are confident and next year we are still working towards the further 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
enhancement in the pipeline and further enhancement in the pending order book position. So, 
based on that and the other market research agencies and all of them have projecting for our 
industry around 30% growth rate, maybe if not 30% at least little over 20% or something should 
be possible, but it is too early to say because still we do not have what will be the pipeline at the 
end of March and what will be the order book at the end of March and all. 
Rahul: 
Sure sir, if you can give us some qualitative insight also in terms of the number of new logos 
that you have added and any specific geography you last time mentioned in your call that you 
were looking at US as a favorable geography where you have beefed up your relationship 
management strength, the sales and marketing team strength. So, if you can help us explain any 
specific geographies, any specific industry verticals that you are more integral, more actively 
looking at. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  In Africa it is picking up. In Africa, we have won two large orders and then now several countries 
are looking up. Setting the routes centering authority and digital transformation and all that. So, 
that is one area which can give good revenue. In the Middle East, all the banks if you see UAE 
all major bank we are working, and every bank is going for additional orders. So, that is why if 
you see the number of today because we already have 900 customers, the number of additional 
customers is less, but the revenues from the existing customer, additional revenue from existing 
customer, is good. So, that is one thing which is improving. Then in the US geographies, we 
have put the senior people, now we have started getting the contact of several companies and all 
that but the US expansion it may take some one or two years to really get to some position, but 
still we are doing a good business. We may do some Rs. 60-70 crore business in the US so which 
will be possible because our acquisition is also there and all that so but to deeply penetrate it 
may take a little more time. 
Rahul: 
Sure sir. I get that and from a pricing perspective, given the kind of we have seen the other IT 
companies, those are not in the same nature of the business that you are doing. However, since 
we have seen a lot of slowdown issues, there have been issues related to pricing as well, volumes 
has been cut for all of them. Have you also seen similar nature of slowdown in conversations 
that you are having with your existing clients or with the future client? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No other product pricing. There is no standard pricing. It all depends on what customer want, 
how large the customer organization and those kinds of things and our industry, number of 
players are also not there. They are very limited particularly in this Certifying Authority Solution 
and also this Cyber Security Solution and the CLM, Certificate Life Cycle Management Solution 
and all that and poorly they are all US vendors having commanding very good price so that way 
we are not seeing that kind of a big pricing pressure. In Indian Trust Service business we saw 
pricing pressures that is what last two to three quarter I explained because the new competitors 
had come and then that is why the prices were low. Now gradually we are again trying to increase 
the price. So, others are also a little bit following and increasing. So, I feel over time the increased 
price could sustain. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Palak Shah from ITI Alternates Funds. Please 
go ahead. 
Palak Shah:  
Just a couple of questions. Firstly, given our size and the operating base that the operating cost 
base, what will be the incremental conversion from revenue to EBITDA and what has this been 
historically? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Because our EBITDA is around 30%. Our earlier EBITDA was much higher because our foreign 
geography costs and sales costs were lower. Now to drive the revenue in a big way we have 
appointed number of people abroad, consultant abroad and all that. So, that is where the cost is 
increasing, so now it is a balance we are striking. So, if you put too many people, EBITDA can 
further go down compared to revenue, but revenue expansion could be better. But we try to strive 
to maintain this level by balancing the growth with the balancing in the increasing cost, so for 
this year I feel we will be able to maintain the EBITDA at the current level of around 30%. 
Palak Shah: 
 Apologies, Sir. what will be the incremental revenue conversion to EBITDA level? Would it be 
like 50-60% going forward? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  That is very difficult to measure because for that way we are not operating in a constant 
environment. We need to put once you grow further, you have to put further people. So, that 
way, what will be the incremental EBITDA to cost we do not measure, and it is impossible to 
measure in our industry. 
Palak Shah: 
Sure. So, on the margin front, if you look at the most of the operating leverage is actually getting 
negated by a faster jump in your other operating expenses. Can you please share what forms of 
all of these expenses, and can we see some of operating leverage going forward given that you 
have completed most of your international expansion. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No. We have not completed it. We are at the beginning. And I said America, we are at what level 
not even $10 million revenue, $8 million.  If you see this Digi services which is purely issuing 
a digital signature, they are at $850 million revenue. Then our Workflow Transformation 
Solution, what is our revenue from $5 million to $7 million. What is the DocuSign $2.0 billion? 
So, we are in the beginning. So, in the beginning I am trying to expand, so when I am trying to 
expand, I have to put the people also to expand so that is why I do not think this will immediately 
result in any operating leverage by which EBITDA can go beyond 30%. So, if we are able to 
maintain the EBITDA by 30%, I think it is good then with the growth. 
Palak Shah: 
Just some clarification on this, when I say the operating expense, I mean the ex of employee and 
the other operating expense which include rents, which is the majority of part of the fixed cost 
that you're bearing right now. And my assumption was operating expense is more variable. But 
it still would have seen some operating leverage given that you have seen almost 60% jump. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  That is the if you are saying direct cost, which is attributable revenue, that mix also the gross 
margin is reducing because there is a service mix also. Purely when you supply product and do 
not take up any service business that is different. But today we are also because IKon is a service 
business then we are also building for lot of service business and also earlier we were building 
only for software product but now lot of government projects where some portion of hardware 
is also there that is also we are bidding so hardware we may not get more than 15% margin or 
10% margin sometime. So, that way the gross profit and the direct operating cost also is 
increasing. That is why with the growth, the gross margin is becoming lower then we have to 
put lot of people for the foreign geography expansion so, but with all this we are doing in a 
balanced way so that on an increased revenue we are still able to get the 30% margin. 
Palak Shah: 
So, just lastly, one question, is there a better way to understand totally volatility in the segmental 
margins given couple of segments this quarter, so the material contractional sequential basis 
while the other saw material improvement both on YoY and quarterly? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Because the number of government contract or trendy contract sometime software component 
is 80%, hardware component is 20% but they want us to take a turnkey contract only. Software 
component is less than hardware component is more so and some hardware profitability higher, 
some hardware profitability is lower so that way, because each contract wise and each bill wise 
the margins are different. So, grouping it together in certain way is becoming very difficult and 
then in Trust Service again suddenly price increase so margin will be here. Again, price fall 
down margin will be lower. 
Palak Shah: 
Is Trust Service has such a volatile pricing environment. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Trust, yes, the price several time, some four years back, it was Rs. 125, from Rs.125 it went all 
the way to Rs. 400, from Rs. 400 it fell down to Rs. 80 and then again it went to Rs. 120. Now 
again, we have increased the price to Rs. 240 to Rs. 300, so like that. 
Palak Shah: 
So, given that you are mixing changing or mix from channel and partner to direct retail. I would 
assume that. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan: Yes, direct retail, not much direct retail, not much of change, but in the channel these kinds of 
change happen depending on the competitors in the channel. 
Palak Shah: 
Sure, Sir. So, thank you for taking my question. Just one request, if you can maintain the 
disclosure levels versus the last four to five quarters because here for us to understand what has 
transpired in the quarter in the last 12 months at least. It will be really helpful. Sir disclosure 
levels. This time around we have not given the split in terms of the revenue. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  No yearly thing we are doing yearly. Some of this we are doing quarterly. Quarterly what we 
have given we have given, I think. Because something if you give quarterly, it may not reveal 
the right trend, you know. 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Thadani from IIFL Institutional 
Equities. Sir, please go ahead. 
Saurabh Thadani: 
Thank you for the follow up opportunity. Sir you talk about how our integration with Eye 
Contact Services has progressed. Any initial success that we have seen in terms of cross selling 
our services to our Eye Contact Services clients or vice versa? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Yes, first order is yet to come, but it is in advanced stage of negotiation. So, mostly in this quarter 
it will come but another four or five discussions are happening but, in this Europe, and US 
geographies things take a lot of time. So, that's why within one month, two months, no decisions 
taken. At all any software addition takes some six months’ time to take. So, that's why we expect 
something could happen in the quarter? 
Palak Shah: 
Got it and one bookkeeping question, so the Ikon Tech services revenue from a segment 
perspective have been accounted in the enterprise outside India, right? 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Correct, yes. 
Moderator:  
As there are no further questions for the participants, I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Venkatraman Srinivasan:  Thank you. So, I would like to thank everybody for joining the call. I hope we have been able to 
address all your questions. For any further information, kindly get in touch with our Investor 
Relation Advisors. Thank you once again and have a great day. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of IIFL Institutional Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 

 
eMudhra Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Notes:  
1. This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior 
written consent of eMudhra Limited  
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
Churchgate Partners  
Anvita Raghuram / Bhushan Khandelwal  
 
eMudhra@churchgatepartners.com  
Contact: +91 22 6169 5988 
