  
 
 

 
November 6, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No.C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
Scrip Code : MSUMI 
Scrip Code : 543498 
 
 
Ref.: Transcript of the Investor call 
 
 
    Dear Sir (s)/ Madam(s),  
 
 
 This is with reference to our letter dated October 31, 2023, for Audio of Conference Call with 
the investors on the financial results for the second quarter and half year  ended September 
30, 2023, in this connection please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call. 
 
 The above information has also been made available on the website of the company www. 
mswil.motherson.com 
at 
https://www.mswil.motherson.com/storage/Analyst-Call-
Transcripts/2023-24/Q2/Transcript-of-the-MSWIL-Q2FY2023-24-Investor-Call.pdf 
 
   This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours truly 
For Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
 
 
 
Pooja Mehra 
Company Secretary   
 
 
 
 
    Encl:a/a 
 
5HJG2IILFH
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited
8QLWė&:LQJ21(%.&*%ORFN%DQGUD.XUOD&RPSOH[
%DQGUD(DVW0XPEDLė0DKDUDVKWUD,QGLD
7HO)D[
&,11R/0+3/&
(PDLOLQYHVWRUUHODWLRQV#PVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
ZHEVLWHZZZPVZLOPRWKHUVRQFRP
 
POOJA 
MEHRA
Digitally signed by 
POOJA MEHRA 
Date: 2023.11.06 
15:58:58 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 5 
 
 
 
 
“Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited (MSWIL)” 
Q2 FY24 Results Conference Call” 
 
 
 
 
 
October 31st, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
MR. VIVEK CHAAND SEHGAL 
CHAIRMAN, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. LAKSH VAAMAN SEHGAL 
DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. ANURAG GAHLOT 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. MAHENDER CHHABRA 
CFO, 
MOTHERSON SUMI WIRING INDIA LIMITED (MSWIL) 
 
MR. PANKAJ MITAL 
COO AND WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR, 
SAMVARDHANA MOTHERSON INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (SAMIL)  
 
 
 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 5 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q2 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal from Motherson Sumi Wiring India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, Mr. Sehgal. 
Pankaj Mital: 
So welcome to the quarterly call for the results of Q2 for this year. The company has shown a 
commendable performance and the results are there for you to see. We have had growth in the 
automotive industry, which has supported us. Apart from that, the company has been working 
relentlessly for continuous improvements and also the new capacities which the company has 
created have been utilised well. 
Now we open the forum for questions and answers, please. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please go ahead. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yeah, Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my first question is in terms of outlook side, 
generally can you probably indicate how many new programs you are sort of looking to start in 
the next maybe one year time frame? I think in the past you had indicated like these number of 
programs you are expected to sort of start going ahead. So, some colour there, some update there 
would be very helpful? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Hello. Yes. Siddhartha ji, this is Anurag this side. See there are a lot of new models which we 
are working with the different OEMs in this year and in the next year also. So we are already 
working on various new models as well as the facelifts also. So currently it is difficult to give 
you any numbers on that, but we are working very closely with these customers. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay. The second question will be on the RM side. So we have seen a bit increase in the RM to 
sales in the current quarter. Possible to highlight why is that? Because last quarter, we had seen 
an improvement because of the model mix. Now we are seeing an increase despite commodity 
costs and even currency being favorable. So just your thoughts there, why has it gone up and 
how should we look at this going ahead? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Siddhartha ji, because obviously it is very difficult to compare to one quarter to another because 
the OEM is like automotive industry is a cyclic industry and the mix of volume, we make in this 
quarter to the last quarter is almost, it is different. The product mix is always there. So it is 
difficult to compare it to apple-to-apple. So, I think I answered your query. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
But, generally, should we expect some benefit from here depending upon where currency is 
currently or where commodities are. And generally if you look at the industry mix also, sir, you 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 5 
 
will see that in second quarter also the premium mix of the industry has been quite high. So 
sequential basis we have not seen any mix deterioration if you look at data from the OE 
perspective. So try to understand this more. Why is it down? Any particular reason will be very 
helpful? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, for the currency you are talking about, there is already a pass-through arrangement is there 
with the customer and even for the few commodities also which has directly passed through. So 
we are working on that with the customer. Maybe it is a quarter lag only, but they are getting 
settled down with the customer on regular basis. 
Siddhartha Bera:  
Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot, sir. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from MOFSL. Please go ahead, 
sir. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi. A couple of questions from my side. One is continuing on the cost side. So have you seen 
the last part of the benefit reflecting in 2Q from our cost-cutting initiative as well as RM cost in 
the cost, pass-through negotiations which are there? Is it largely reflecting in 2Q or we are 
expecting some benefit coming in 3Q as well? I mean, the context being that our margins are 
improved quite reasonably well? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
 
Okay. Just wanted to check, is Mr. Sehgal connected now? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal : 
Yes. I'm there. Anurag, can you go ahead? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Right, sir. Jinesh ji, see, there are a lot of ramp-ups happening on the new models where 
efficiencies are under improvement, and this is subject to the customer. So, it is -- along with 
that, we are doing a lot of other activities where the cost-reduction initiatives are there, 
localisation is there, and operational improvement are also there, along with the customer 
recoveries also. So we are working it in many areas. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Right. So do we expect some of these benefits to reflect in coming quarters or that is being 
largely reflected in 2Q? That was my question. 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think, Jinesh ji, these are the efforts which we are regularly doing. So I think hopefully, yes, 
why not? And it's all subject to the -- what customers are making and how we are servicing them. 
So it is not only just to look this into isolation. We have to look in the totality. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And the second question pertains to the new capacities which have started operations. So 
you indicated they are in various phases of ramp-up. Any sense on how much they have been 
ramped-up so far and by when do we expect full ramp-up based on the inputs which you have 
from the key customers? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, these new facilities are already ramped-up to 70% to 80%. And we are still ramping-up at 
a few locations. So they are still ongoing. 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 5 
 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And lastly, when I look at our capex guidance of INR125 crores for FY '24, first half we 
have just spent about INR26 crores. So do we still expect to spend an additional INR100 crores 
in second half or capex is expected to be lower than what we had earlier guided for? 
Mahender Chhabra:   
Yes. So we had a plan of INR125 crores for the current year for capex. And most likely we 
would be spending around that money on the capex. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
 
Okay. Got it. Great. I'll come back in queue. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is in the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you, sir, for taking my question. Congratulations on good set of numbers. On the EV side, 
earlier we had indicated that multiple customers are being serviced on two-wheeler, four-
wheeler and commercial vehicle side. Would it be possible to approximately indicate what 
would be the share of EV programs and revenue? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal : 
Anurag, can you take this? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
Okay. This is approximately currently 3.5% to 4% as of now. And this is covering all the 
segments of four-wheeler and CV and two-wheeler. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it, sir. Thanks. Thanks so much for sharing this number. And relating to the same, this 
number should keep increasing in future. What I mean to say is at the parent entity, SAMIL, the 
order book trends are generally shared and EV share in the order book is also shared. So can you 
indicate some colour on possibly the size of order book or EV share in the order book, which 
would give us an understanding how this 3.5% to 4% of revenue can keep increasing in future? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, as the industry will grow in India, obviously this sale will also increase. So it is all depend 
how the industry will get matured with the EV. So it all depends on that. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Understood, sir. On the high voltage wiring harness, will it be possible to approximately indicate 
what would be the current level of localisation? What I'm referring to is because this is a new 
area, the bought-out components will still be on the higher side and backward integration 
localisation efforts will happen in future. So if you can give any colour, what are the efforts in 
that regard and also,  what could be the benefits in future because of these efforts? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
See, different customer having a different content on this, and we are continuously working on 
these customers in localising the parts also. So it varies from one customer to another, but we 
are continuously in touch with the customers and providing the solution to them. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
But broadly, would it be fair to assume that as these efforts span out over the next few years that 
will also have a positive impact on profitability? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
It is – Raghunandhan ji, very difficult to put the point directly that whether this is related to the 
profitability or not. But on the other side, I can tell you like we have developed that like charging 

 
 
Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 5 
 
socket also, wires also. So we are doing a lot of work with the customer and providing the 
solution. Obviously, at some stage, they will be benefited to customer as well as to us also. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it, sir. On the increase in content per vehicle during the last Analyst Meet, the opportunity 
was up to 8x in two-wheeler, ICE versus EV and opportunity was 2.4x in four-wheeler in terms 
of content per vehicle increase, ICE versus EV. So now that you are working on various EV 
programs, so roughly what is the range in which you are seeing the content increase happening? 
Just to get a sense whether, say, is it 50%, 100% or even higher than that? 
Anurag Gahlot: 
I think, what we have given that EV is 1.7x to 2.4x of ICE and EV and two-wheeler is 4x to 5x. 
I think it, this is some indicative what we have presented. And I think this also vary between one 
customer to another. So it will be difficult to say, okay, no, this is the number which is going to 
be. So it will be varying to that. And as we are moving forward on, as I explained in the earlier 
conversation, that we are moving towards the good solution to the customer. So I think this 
figure will improve in some period of time. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. Very useful. I'll come back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand over the 
conference to Mr. V.C. Sehgal. Please go ahead, sir. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal : 
So maybe I can do the closing. Thank you, everybody, for your support and for your questions. 
Of course, we're always available for any follow-up questions that you have. 
The Board congratulated the management team for excellent set of numbers for this quarter and 
we hope the momentum will continue in the following quarters as well. We look forward to 
speaking with you in the next quarter. Wishing everybody a very happy Diwali in advance. 
Please stay safe and healthy. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Motherson Sumi Wiring India Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing translated version of voice file for 
grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording of transcript 
is available at website of the company, viz., www.mswil.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held beliefs 
and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable and can 
may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, uncertainties, 
market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or achievements of the 
Company or industry results, to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements expressed or 
implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss or damage 
caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document should each 
make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and should make 
such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
