15th November, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department, Exchange Plaza, 5th 
Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai- 400051 
BSE Limited  
The Corporate Relationship Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing,  
Rotunda Building, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy 
Towers  Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai- 400001 
Symbol: BALRAMCHIN 
Scrip Code: 500038 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Ref : Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of the Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call held on 8th November, 2023.  
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: www.chini.com 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully,  
For Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
Manoj Agarwal  
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
MANOJ 
AGARWAL
Digitally signed by 
MANOJ AGARWAL 
Date: 2023.11.15 
13:47:25 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Balrampur Chini Mills Limited 
 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Good day, and welcome to Balrampur Chini Mills Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Anoop Poojari from CDR India. Please go 
ahead. 
 
Anoop Poojari: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Balrampur 
Chini Mills Q2 & H1 FY24 results conference call. We have with us today Mr. Vivek 
Saraogi, Chairman & Managing Director of Balrampur Chini Mills, Ms. Avantika 
Saraogi, and Mr. Pramod Patwari, Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 
 
We would like to begin the call with brief opening remarks from the management, 
following which we have the forum open for a question-and-answer session. 
 
Before we start, I would like to point out that some statements made in today's call 
may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the results presentation shared with you earlier. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Saraogi to make his opening remarks. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you, Anoop. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you all for joining us on 
Balrampur Chini's Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Call. I trust all of you have had the 
opportunity to go through our results presentation, providing details of our operation 
and financial performance. 
 
I will initiate the call with an update on the current developments on the sector, 
followed by our company's key highlights for the period under review. 
 
So, I'll begin with production. As per ISMA’s latest estimates, India is set to witness 
a decline of 8% on the gross level, and it is expected to reduce from 36.2 million 

Page 2 of 16 
 
tonnes to 33.7 million tonnes. This is mainly due to the insufficient rainfall in 
Maharashtra and Karnataka, thereby leading to a lower yield. 
 
However, our company's view on the current season net production is between 29 
to 30, so we could say 29.5 million tonnes, net of diversion. This would still be ahead 
of the expected consumption of about 28.7 million tonnes. However, the government 
has adopted a cautious view because of the sugar opening stock and decided not to 
allow sugar exports for the time being. This has exerted an upward pressure on the 
global prices, which have surged to a 12-year high, surpassing 28 cents per pound. 
 
Moving on to an update on ethanol. The Indian government remains committed on 
its ethanol program, which aims to achieve 20% blending by 2025-26. However, 
recently, OMCs have observed a decline in the ethanol blend percentage, which was 
owing to a halt in FCI rice allotted last year. 
 
Looking ahead, Central Government and OMC, they are about to announce the 
price, which we had expected to come by now. But as per past behaviour, the prices 
are expected to follow the percentage hike in FRP, which is about 3%. 
 
On the business front, our company delivered a commendable performance in a 
seasonally weak quarter. We reported a healthy improvement in volumes and 
realization across our sugar and distillery divisions, that supported our overall 
performance. Further, our profitability this quarter benefited from higher crushing in 
the previous season, which spilled over into April and recovery achieved in the 
previous season. 
 
After achieving an impressive 16% growth in crushing during the previous season, 
our field teams have been actively collaborating with the farmers to plant improved 
variety, expand area under cane, which would both boost yield and recoveries. 
 
We also worked very hard, and the disease at our end is minimal compared to last 
year. Avantika will take you through it. That is because of the serious reduction in 
CO 0238 in our area. As we go through this season, we are hoping and whatever is 
to be seen on the ground for a 10%-plus crushing in the current season over last 
year. 
 
In conclusion, the company is dedicated in generating value for all its stakeholders, 
keeping this objective in mind, the Board has announced an interim dividend of INR 
3.00 per share from last year’s INR 2.50 per share. So, an enhancement of INR 

Page 3 of 16 
 
0.50 per share. As we move ahead, we remain committed to harnessing synergies 
between Sugar and Distillery segment, which have been the key drivers of our 
sustained success. 
 
I will now request Avantika to give you an update on the cane. 
 
Avantika Saraogi:   Thank you, everyone. Just an update on the cane front. As already highlighted by Mr. 
Saraogi, that we have got around 10%-11% increased area under cane. This should 
result in the concurrent increase in cane crush. We will reassess post- ratoon crush, 
but we are quite positive and hopeful. Weather has been kind to us in our part of the 
world, the yields are looking good. 
 
As expressed, the disease l is almost mitigated, I would say there has been a further 
20% reduction in CO 0238 as compared to last year and which has been all replaced 
by good high-yielding sugar varieties like CO 0118, CO 015023 and CO 014201. And 
we expect a higher recovery on this front as well. 
 
Another thing which we were able to control and now we are proud to say that we 
have almost negligible amount of top borer, which also contributes to a loss in yield 
and recovery, which we have faced over the last year and the whole state has been 
facing over the last year or two. This is also negligible in our part. 
 
The ratoon management efforts have been commendable. Mobilization efforts by the 
team have been commendable of re-propping of fallen cane as well because there 
was bout of wind and gust in the month of October, which could had impacted our 
yields. But the mobilization on the ground was superb, and I don't think we will see 
any losses on this part as well. That's it. Thank you very much. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Good afternoon, everyone. I hope all of you had the opportunity to go through the 
results presentation, which has been shared with you as well as uploaded on the 
stock exchange and company's website. So, I would now request the moderator to 
open the forum for Q&A session. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, given the current situation of cane crop in Maharashtra and Karnataka, plus the 
stoppage of FCI rice in grain ethanol, but government's firm stance on ethanol 
blending. How much could be the blending rate this year? And how much of it do you 
see coming from cane and how much from grain? 

Page 4 of 16 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes, government recently came out with a tender quantity of 825 crores. We are yet 
to see the outcome of that tender. We don’t really know how much the participants 
have participated in that. But whatever internal sense we are getting, we think around 
3 million tons of diversion of sugar into ethanol is possible even under the current 
circumstances. Majority of supply this year is expected to come from grain route, 
sugar we have a limited availability of feedstock. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
But however, the current tender Pramod it points towards a 31-lakh ton diversion 
already. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Right. Sir, secondly, in Maharashtra, cane growing area. Same as Eastern UP, we 
saw a deficit rainfall. But it has benefited the Eastern UP cane growers as well as 
mills, but not in the case of Maharashtra and Karnataka. Obviously, there was a 
timing issue on rainfall. If Avantika Ma’am can explain how it benefitted the Eastern 
UP growers, but not the Maharashtra one. Slightly technical, but just for 
understanding better? 
 
Avantika Saraogi:   Not a problem at all. Firstly, if we look at total cumulative rainfall, Eastern UP was still 
around 96%, 97% of usual. So, our deficit was not as much as Maharashtra to begin 
with. And secondly, it was very well dispersed and early rains were not there. The 
problem which we have faced 2 years before that, when we had  crushed 
875.18 lac qtls. and 888.31 lac qtls.. The issue was that the rains came very early. 
So, our cane did not get the time for tillering and therefore, the number of visible 
canes were not formed. This year and even last year, early rains were not there. So, 
there was profused rain, and we've got a more number of visible cane, and that's 
why we see it's healthy in our areas. Then rightly even the rains were a bit too 
delayed, and we were fearing but then the rains came, and they were very well 
dispersed. I would say 1 week interval, 1.5-inch 2-inch rain, 3-inch rain. This is very 
healthy for the same crop and it spread all the way until September. In Maharashtra, 
it was too little. They didn't have reserve, I guess? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
No. So, the Ujjani Dam, etc, it's basically the yield in Maharashtra is bad because of 
a very, very stunted ratoon crop and scanty rainfall. It east UP, as Avantika said, we 
did get distributed rainfall. And having been in the business for over almost 4 
decades now personally, one can assess the health of the cane once you are able 
to see the growth, which you see at this point in time. 
 
Avantika Saraogi:  Plus, one big advantage, which is there with UP, that Maharashtra is difficult, is that 
how much our farmers have irrigation resources. 

Page 5 of 16 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And we have ground water at a very lower table. 
 
Avantika Saraogi: 
Yes. So, it's much easier to even revive in the event of less rain. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Right. And just lastly, what would be the most remunerative for you to produce right 
now between sugar and different types of ethanol? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, I'll attempt to first answer on a concept and then would request Pramod to take 
it up. So, you see we just assume we are able to crush 12%, 13%, 14% higher than 
last year. But to be able to store that much sugar is going to be tough. So, we will 
get into a game plan, which we have, whereby we would increase our C, maybe. So 
that planning we will do. So, we might increase our C-heavy, improve our sugar 
production. However, the juice production would continue because that is decently 
remunerative. And when you have 3, 4, 5 assets running on the ground, you need to 
be able to distribute your cane. Otherwise, UP will be stranded with too much of 
sugar. So, we would distribute our assets based on our assessment of the cash flow 
and after the prices are announced, which we hope would get announced very soon. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjay Manyal from DAM Capital. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
I have just two questions. One is what is the grain ethanol economics after the price 
rise, which has happened in a few months back? And what would be the proportion 
of Maize in your ethanol feedstock? I just want to understand that. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Right. It's a very good question. So, the grain price announced right now for DFG is 
pretty remunerative, and we hope to sort of whole hog on that. So Maizapur's asset 
we would hope to utilize much more. So, our emphasis will be on rice, we would hope 
to procure it timely, at a very decent remunerate price, to give us a very decent return 
on that front. Maize would come in as a filler towards the end because Maize alone 
is not a great crop to crush, if Maize is equated to grain. So, Maize not the best thing. 
So, we would put that as a filler. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
So, will you also change the Maizapur composition from, say, maybe Juice to B- 
heavy or somewhat, I mean, 50-50 kind of... 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Maizapur is going to be juice fully. It would be decently remunerative. And off season, 
which is when the crushing stops and the syrup stops, we will go to rice and add 
some fillers of Maize as the time progresses. Largely rice. 

Page 6 of 16 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. And one question on the levy molasses policy, which I think newly sort of 
policy, which has come now of 26% on C-heavy and 19% B-heavy. What would be 
impact for us on that? And is it because of that, we are increasing our C-heavy also? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I don't think there is any favor of any feedstock C-heavy, B-heavy or Juice. All 
liabilities are now made equally. So, there is no change in not that it's less on C- 
heavy or more on B-heavy, that's not the situation. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
So, is there any impact from last year to this year because of the increase in the levy 
part? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes. Obviously, the last year, the C-heavy reservation was around 20%, which has 
gone to 26% this year. So as and when we produce ENA, it will automatically get 
captured in our profit and loss account. So, this we have been doing for so many 
quarters on a continuous basis. It doesn't change our life. It's in a particular quarter, 
the production of ENA is much higher, we will account for that accordingly in that 
quarter. 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And just last one. The proportion of 0238 in the 23-24 season 
and the newer varieties. Just that last one. 
 
Avantika Saraogi: 
So this is a projected figure, of course. So, we expect only 25% of 238 variety. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
In this season, current season? 
 
Avantika Saraogi:  In the coming crushing year. And the peak was 80% plus. So, you can imagine the 
downturn. And in the season, beyond that, we would see it in single digits. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
24-25 season in single digits. 
 
Avantika Saraogi:   Single digits. And in proportion, the other variety, so 118 has increased by more 
than half of that. So, it will increase by around 11%, 12%. And all the other varieties 
combined have filled the rest of the 9%... 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
CO 015023. 
 
Avantika Saraogi:  Yes. We will first time be crushing a sizable quantity of 15-023. We should see the 
flavour of that, but in the later part. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
In the second half of the season. 

Page 7 of 16 
 
Sanjay Manyal: 
Okay. This 25%, you are saying, 0238 for overall Balrampur or specific on company? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Group. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shailesh Kanani from Centrum Broking. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:   Congratulations for good set of numbers for the quarter. My couple of questions. One 
is with respect to growth front. On growth, has just been more than 1 year when we 
had completed our last capex plans on this very front. And I know we are doing a 
minor capex for 2,000 TCD on the sugar front. But any plans for future allocation of 
expected cash generation, if you can throw some light on that? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So yes, we did speak last year, and we have spoken on all calls. And by the time the 
capex got over last years, we get 11, 12 months, 10 months, definitely. So, the 
company is now in command of the capex incurred. By in command, I mean, all 
capacities which were envisaged have been fulfilled, the efficiencies have been 
fulfilled. The juice distilleries at Balrampur and Maizapur fully online. And now what 
can I say? We are in discussion, and you will hear very soon as when the Board 
clears it. But yes, one is actively looking at it in the company. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:   Okay. So, nothing as such concrete on the drawing board. Is there any scope since 
we are expanding our command area as well and so we are banking that ability of 
cane is on a rise. So, is there a scope for further expansion on the distillery front? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So just let me explain. Our crushing last year was 1,030 lac qtls. Let's assume, we 
do 1,150 or 1,160 lac qtls cane crush, What can our current distillation and our 
crushing capacity absorb, the answer is between 12 crores and 12.5 crores qtls. 
easily. So, until we go to that figure, there is no purpose of expanding. You need to 
sweat the assets more. 
 
So, when you cross that 12.5 crores crushing mark, which I am very hopeful, it would 
happen maybe in a year, after the crushing season or so. That is when one can look 
at it. Also, the policies will play out till then one can see the demand- supply situation, 
etc. etc. 
 
So that is one phase. We 24/7 look at it. And distillery expansion, etc., whatever is 
required is not such a tough job once the basic machine, permissions are in place. 
On the second front, you people know the act better than I do, the law better than I 

Page 8 of 16 
 
do. As and when the Board says something, only then can we come to the 
exchanges or anybody else. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:   Fair enough, sir. That's helpful. Sir, second question is with respect to SAP price. What 
is our expectation means any indication because I think crushing has started and 
there is no indication on SAP price. So, can you guide us on that? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I take you through all the variables, which might be sort of creating any anxiety or 
hope in people's mind. So, SAP should be announced hopefully by the end of the 
month. So right now, there's festivals and all that. So, I don't know. It can make five, 
seven, 10 days more. What is the hope is impossible to answer. But yes, I only know 
that our honorable CM is a man of great understanding and grassroot knowledge. 
 
I'll just remind everybody. Not that I'm expecting a zero rise, nobody is. In 2019, UP 
did not raise cane price, in the season which was going into the next election. So, if 
I rewind 5 years from now, FRP was raised, SAP was not raised. So, this is just to 
give you a flavour of the human being who's at the helm of affairs. So, his 
understanding and his ability we trust, and we hope he will take a rationale decision. 
 
So, I'm not worried. But yes, there will be an increase. I don't think the increase will 
be very, very alarming. So that is one side. The ethanol prices have yet to be 
announced. They would be announced in the next 10 days, 12 days from after Diwali. 
That's the hope. So, we will be looking at a method where they would ask more from 
grain. Hopefully, grain parts would surprise on the upside. The sugar part, they are 
very clear. They must first make at least 290 lakh tons net. Being responsible 
citizens, as businessmen, we also agree with that. 
 
So therefore, the attempt should be once you get clarity on that, government keeps 
on giving tenders monthly basis. And any time anything happens, we've seen 
incentives come in, etc. etc.. So, government will take a practical view, ethanol price 
would increase, that is to the best of my ability. You can't hold me to it. I can only tell 
you what I know and what I think. Prices will increase on the ethanol front on all three 
feedstocks, C-heavy, B-heavy, and Juice. 
 
How much the increase? The average minimum should be not less than 3%. The 
rest used to be seen. So that is one. The diversion we are talking of based on the 
tender filled till now is 31 lakh tons. 

Page 9 of 16 
 
Now has everybody filled the tender? To my mind, maybe no. Why the price has not 
been announced. So, we feel that even when the prices come, they would give a 
revised window or an enhanced window to change your quantity. So that is when 
you will get to know the full sort of quantity. 
 
Next, as we progress and after 15 days to 20 days from now, all over India, we will 
understand the yield of the ratoon crop in UP, Maharashtra Karnataka. That is when 
you will be able to get the first flavour of 50% of the season. I'm hoping half- and-half 
is ratoon, just approximation. So, if you will get an ability to predict the first half of this 
year. 
 
Thereafter, when January end comes, you will get some ability to predict the second 
half. Yes, the view is bearish on production. The view for 24-25 is even, so, we are 
into 2023-2024 now, numbers is even bearish both for Maharashtra and Karnataka. 
So, our sugar economics should stay in place. But the government and the industry 
having put up assets need to allocate resources to all assets. 
 
Now I am not talking like a sort of CSR human being, I'm talking as a businessman. 
Basically, if we produce too much sugar, we'll have problems selling it. Balrampur 
will produce its lifetime’s highest sugar, probably. Right, a lifetime's highest crushing? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Previous high was 1095 lac qtls. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, we're looking to cross that. And therefore, resources will be allocated to the best 
of our ability. I think by the time the final prices come and our tender goes, I think 
one will get to know what we've done. So, I try to cover the entire spectrum and 
hopefully, I've been successful. 
 
Shailesh Kanani:   So that was quite useful. Just one last query. We had contracted certain quantity 
for ethanol last year. And obviously, because of the FCI embargo, we were not able 
to completely fulfil that. So, any update on that if you can highlight on that? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
What are you talking? Penalty on that, what is the question? 
 
Shailesh Kanani: 
Yes. So, since there was a contract, and it was a shortfall from our end? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
All over India, this has happened. Not our mill, Balrampur, industry is in the same 
boat. But having said that, we represented. And my hope is there will be no penalty 
because there was a counter obligation on the government to give me FCI rice. 

Page 10 of 16 
 
The counter obligation having not been completed, our obligation, I don't think we 
will call for a penalty. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Majumdar from B&K Securities. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  Yes. So, I have just two questions. One is on the inventory valuation of sugar. It is 
showing 37.60, which seems to be very high. I mean how does this increase so much 
this quarter? Any particular reason? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, this is on the basis of accounting standard provision, cost or market price, 
whichever is lower and if our cost for the six-month period ended was INR 
41.69/kg. So, against INR 41.69/kg, we valued at INR 37.60/kg. Just to give you 
some perspective in the last year also H123, the cost of production in September 
was INR 76.35/kg, but the inventory was valued at around INR34.82/kg. Ultimately, 
the INR 76.35/kg got cracked to a level of around INR 33/kg by the year-end as the 
production kicks in. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:   So, there will be a sharp fall once the production peaks, and that's fine. But I have 
not seen this kind of an increase in the last two years, three years, four years in terms 
of onetime jump in the valuation. So that's why I was wondering anything in 
particular? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So, the market price of sugar on the reporting date is much higher in comparison to 
the last few years. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, it's cost or market, whichever is lower? So, if you see that the price for market is 
higher, you got to the cost. Let's assume the cost last year is INR 40/kg and your 
market was INR 36/kg or INR 35/kg, you value sugar at INR 35/kg. This year, the 
cost is INR 37/kg, market is INR 40/kg so it comes at INR 37/kg. Hence, if you saw 
last year, INR 35/kg, which is because of this fact. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So this year, cost is in INR 41.69/kg. Average, cost of valuation is still INR37.60/kg. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  That's helpful. And secondly, sir, I see a sharp jump into power realization in this 
quarter. Now I know you've given a qualifier that you started supplying power to open 
market in one of the units. So, is this likely to be a strength going forward? 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. One of our units have already exited the PPA, and you can see there is positive 
payback. There's another one, which is exited that would start selling power from 
December. So, we would have two units which have exited PPA and have gone into 
the open market. And the pricing is definitely on INR 1 per unit-plus 

Page 11 of 16 
 
accretive. We also hoping for the tariff revision coming up in 2024. And seeing the 
demand supply position of power, one is looking, I’m positively inclined towards that 
decision, too. 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  Right. And sir, my last question is what is the remunerative price of juice for you to 
consider a further expansion? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So before considering that we need to have a visibility on availability of feedstock. 
This was explained in great detail a few minutes ago that this year we are expecting 
to crush around 11.5 crores quintal of cane and probably in a year's time, we will 
touch 12 crores quintal, 12.5 crores quintal. Till that time, our distillation capacities 
are fully utilized. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
I think what we have given to the government is INR 72/litre. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
What we have represented to the government to make a onetime adjustment - raise 
the price to around INR 71 per litre. That was prior to announcement of this FRP. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So if you take 3% add to. So, our paper to the government, which is based on our 
study by professionals, is to attract fresh capital towards distillation from juice should 
be INR 73 per litre plus, is that your question? 
 
Rajesh Majumdar:  Yes. So if it is just a 3% high, that's about INR2. So that's not remunerative yet. Is that 
the right way to look at it? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Not to attract fresh capital. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhvaneet Savla from Savla Family Office. 
 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. I have two questions. First, it is my 
thought process that what we should be looking at the numbers from a year-on- year 
basis rather than a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, based on that, is this your early 
expectation, how much incremental revenue and profitability are we looking at from 
each of our businesses? And if you could give us a kind of a guidance for all three 
businesses separately? 
 
And secondly, my other question with regards to the treatment of B-heavy and C- 
heavy molasses. Recently, the UP government has asked to treat B-heavy and C- 
heavy molasses in the same way and the levy on that was supposed to be parallel. 
Is there any comment on that? 

Page 12 of 16 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Pramod has explained it three times. Pramod, attempt fourth time. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
So as far as the guidance is concerned, we don't believe in giving future guidance. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
We don't give guidance. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
We don't give revenue guidance and the profitability. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes. And we haven't given in the past, so it's not proper. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
It's not proper. Your next question was with respect B-heavy and C-heavy. So last 
year is a history now. The government has come with a fresh policy, where there is 
no preference between any of the feedstock. All are at par in terms of 26% of 
reservation. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
And levy ENA. 
 
Pramod Patwari 
Yes. And we are in the business of making ENA and supplying the country liquor in 
lieu of our obligation. As and when we produce ENA that automatically gets captured 
in our profit and loss account because ENA fetches a lower realization. 
 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
So just a follow-up on that. Is there any personal preference for us to produce ENA 
from one particular kind of feedstock, be it, grain or B-heavy or C-heavy or that 
depends on season-to-season? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
This is a good question. Our preference is always to produce from C-heavy. 
 
Dhvaneet Savla: 
Any particular reason for that, sir? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Economic plays out better that way. And even for years in the past, we've produced 
95% from C-heavy. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up from the line of Prashant Biyani from Elara 
Securities. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Yes. Sir, have you made any ethanol from open market purchase of any grain in Q2? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, we did a bit of Maize and a bit of rice. Pramod will just tell you. I think, you are 
asking for the second half, isn’t it? 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Yes, sir. 

Page 13 of 16 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
1.53. crores liter Ethanol production out of rice, in the second quarter. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
In the second half? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
In the second quarter. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
In the quarter under question? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
And this is all open market purchase? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
All open market. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
Sir, what would be your blended grain ethanol realization for Q2? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
I think that has been given in the presentation. 
 
Prashant Biyani: 
No, sir, it is not. Just blended. 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Alcohol from grain was around INR 58.50 per litre in Q2. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Marshall, an individual investor. 
 
Marshall: 
Regarding this sugarcane molasses policy of UP government, what we understood 
was that from 2023, this is B-heavy molasses, which is supposed to be spent like 
previously 70%, 20% of C also to be a pet to give levy at the 10%, 20%. And 
companies have to take a hit because the valuation of B-heavy molasses, B heavy 
molasses was for the 1,000, 1,100. But it was supposed to be sold at INR200 or 
whatever the levy. 
 
So, on this account, you can say, loss booked in our P&L during this September 
quarter number one. And then whether this notification of UP government or this 
policy has been done away and like is no more applicable for the current molasses 
year starting from November 1. 
 
Pramod Patwari 
So if you see our numbers in the last year also, we diverted almost 23% to 24% of 
our cane under C route to produce ethanol. That largely takes care of our ENA 
obligation. As we have said in the past also, as and when we produce ENA, the 
losses on account of that automatically gets captured. And if you see our numbers 
in the quarter gone by production of ENA was around 1.6 crores liter in the quarter. 
To that extent, there will be an automatic adjustment. 

Page 14 of 16 
 
Marshall: 
No. So, if you don't mind, can you just give a little bit expansion on this policy itself. 
That like if you produce more than 20% from your C molasses, then you don't have 
to sell it levy? Or how does it work? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Let me attempt to answer. This is not such an important question, but we are facing 
it 10 times, I'll answer it. 0.73 is the ratio which you said, right, or 73%? So, if you 
take 26% C and multiply that by 0.73, you get to 19%. So that is how the liability 
would be calculated. What the figure will come to is what we will produce and give to 
the government for Balrampur. Last year's policy expires on 1st in November. This 
is the new policy. 
 
So, in last year, we have supplied ENA, we've accounted. This year, we'll supply 
ENA, we'll account. When we produce, it will be produced during the season. And it 
will be produced, you store the C molasses and your distillery also. Their liability has 
to be made in 12 months. We produce store whenever we produce or – Pramod, 
have we book liability on the supply? 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Yes. Produce. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, the moment we produce, we book it. What you see in the accounts in the blended 
realization. The blended realization is lowered or truncated downwards by ENA 
prices. So, when you see the blended realization is accounted during the quarter. 
So, therefore, Balrampur's liability is determined because we don't do supply 
molasses. That is a losing business compared to ENA. So, we convert the levy 
molasses into ENA and supply equivalent quantity. Now that is booked in the manner 
I've explained. Am I clear now? 
 
Marshall: 
Yes. So, this is clear. Maybe I'll just take it offline also. So, like this notification is still 
valid? Or they have withdrawn from the current amount of molasses here from 
November 2023? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
From 1 November, they have announced this new policy. So, when a new policy 
comes, the old is finish, right? 
 
Marshall: 
So, in the new policy, what is the treatment for this particular regarding B-heavy 
molasses? 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Please take it offline. I have explained. 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nitin Awasthi from InCred Equities. 

Page 15 of 16 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
I had just one question around the molasses policy, but it's been asked a few times 
right now and I know that you have been very annoyed by it. I have a very specific 
question, don't want to go around the policy and what and why and how. If that can 
be answered, it'd be very nice. 
 
In absolute terms, we had a policy last year. The government increased that to a 
notification, which is not available in the public domain through various routes and 
you specifically supply to the government via the ENA route. So was the absolute 
quantity increase for the ENA route also. And if so, has that already been forced? 
That's one. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
So, let me explain, I'm not annoyed. I'm sorry if I sounded agitated. My apologies. 
We're very clear on two things. Balrampur will account for what is to be accounted. 
You get the cleanest balance sheet in the country, in my view. So, we take pride in 
our accounting. So don't worry. 
 
Two, let me explain again. So last year, B-heavy was accounted for 20%, right? In 
some way, that is a bit of an improvement from there. C-heavy was accounted for 
20% to 26%. So probably that's an improvement. There were some ratios which were 
put into place, which were erroneous. So, to some extent, technically, this policy 
might be more practical than the last policy. It is a big drag, yes. So, we have 
accounted for all our ENA to be given. Which is not accounted or will get accounted 
for during production, and that will get booked in that manner, correct? 
 
So, there should not be any feeling of that the liability is not accounted for. It gets 
accounted for during / via production. Have I been able to explain? Yes, have I been 
peacefully able to explain now? 
 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Yes, sir, you have. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Yes, so there's nothing to worry. I'm feeling a sense of worry in the investor or my 
shareholders, my precious shareholders. There's nothing to worry, guys. And all 
policies will get challenged. We'll do our legal bid, what happens? That one, I can't 
guarantee. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are not further questions, I 
will now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 

Page 16 of 16 
 
Pramod Patwari: 
Thank you very much. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactory. Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more 
about the company, please feel free to contact us. 
 
Vivek Saraogi: 
Thank you everyone. 
 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The 
Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of 
accuracy. 
