 
 
 
17th November 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,                               BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,                            P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051.                                      Mumbai - 400001. 
Fax No.26598237/26598238                                              Fax No.22722037/22723121 
  
Name of Scrip: CIGNITITEC                                                     Scrip code: 534758 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript: Cigniti Q2 FY 2023-24 Result conference call on 6th November 2023- Reg 
Ref: Company’s letter dated 31st October 2023 regarding Intimation for Earnings call under 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find the attached herewith Transcript of Cigniti Technologies Limited for Q2 FY 2023-24 
Result conference call held on 6th November 2023. The same was displayed at our company’s 
website: www.cigniti.com. 
  
This is for the information and records of the Exchange, please. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully,  
For Cigniti Technologies Limited 
 
 
 Naga Vasudha 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Tadepalli 
Naga Vasudha
Digitally signed by 
Tadepalli Naga Vasudha 
Date: 2023.11.17 13:21:04 
+05'30'

Cigniti Technologies Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 6, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good Day and Welcome to the Investor Call 
of Cigniti Technologies Limited to discuss the Q2 & H1 FY24 results. Today we 
have with us from the management, Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam, Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Krishnan Venkatachary, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vinay Rawat, Chief 
Revenue 
Officer, Mr. 
Raghuram 
Krovvidy, Chief 
Delivery 
Officer 
Mr. Sairamprabhu Vedam, Chief Marketing Officer and Mr. Veera Reddy Patlolla – 
Global Head of HR 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator 
by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Smit Shah from 
Adfactors PR. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
Smit Shah: 
Good evening, everyone. Before the call, we would like to point out that certain 
statements made in today’s call may be forward looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared 
with you earlier. The investor call may contain forward-looking statements based 
on the currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the 
company which are expressed in good faith and in their opinion reasonable. 
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors which may cause the actual results, financial condition, 
performance or achievements of the company or industry results to differ 
materially from the results financial condition, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statement. 
 
The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include but are not 
limited to risks and risks of expansion plans, benefits from fluctuations in our 
earnings, our ability to manage growth and implement strategies, competition 
in our business, including those factors which may affect our cost advantage, 
wage increases in India, our ability to attract and retain highly skilled 
professionals and our ability to win new contracts, changes in technology, 
availability of financing, our ability to successfully compete and integrate our 
expansion plans, liabilities, political instability and general economic conditions 
affecting our industry.  Unless otherwise indicated, the information’s contained 
herein is preliminary indicative and is based on the management information, 
current plans and estimates. With this I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Srikanth Chakkilam for the opening remarks. Thank you and over to you sir. 
 
 
Srikanth Chakkilam:   
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and thank you for joining us for Cigniti’s 
second quarter earnings call. I'm pleased to report on the company's 
performance for the second quarter.  

I'll begin with some key highlights. In Q2 the company achieved a revenue 
growth of about 2.8%, which reflects our continued efforts to drive sustainable 
growth in our dynamic and competitive market. We also like to report that our 
EBITDA margins have moved to about 14.3%, underscoring our commitment to 
financial, operational efficiency and disciplined execution. Also, I'm delighted to 
share that the board has declared an interim dividend of Rs. 3 per share, 
demonstrating our commitment to returning value to our shareholders. This is a 
testament to our financial stability and also our confidence in the trajectory of 
our business.  
 
On the business front, Cigniti continues to make good progress on the digital 
engineering side. We've added about 9 new accounts this quarter and 
successfully proliferated into several key accounts, which is a testament to our 
differentiated capabilities and also the trust clients place has to deliver. Our 
dedication to staying ahead of technology advancements is evident in our ability 
to secure and deliver on two significant deals with potential to expand, this is in 
the banking space in the US and also a retail account in the UK. These wins 
demonstrate our deep expertise and also our ability to solve complex challenges 
for our clients.  
 
We anticipate that the growth from these views will start to reflect in the 
upcoming quarters to further strengthen our revenues streams and on the 
business outlook, we generally continue to be cautiously optimistic. But we also 
acknowledge that there is a slight amount of increased spending in the 
technology sector, which could be viewed as a leading indicator for other 
verticals to follow, while Cigniti’s tech exposure is relatively low compared to 
other sectors, we see this as a trend for overall positive sign for industry health 
and also potential future opportunity for us.  
 
We will continue to adapt to market dynamics, see new opportunities and 
provide value to our clients, employees and shareholders. We remain committed 
to our strategy of going beyond our traditional business and continue to remain 
committed to the strategy of diversification. And investing in digital engineering 
while maintaining operational efficiency. Thank you for the ongoing support and 
we look forward to updating our progress in the upcoming quarters. With this I 
hand it over to Mr Krishnan to go about the specifics of some of the financial. 
  
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
Very good evening to the Members who have been logged into the call. And it's 
been a perhaps announced earlier that the Q1, Q2 will be a steady quarter with 
a lot of headwinds coming through. Basically, while we did with about 53.5 
million in Q1, the Q2 we have done a modest growth at about 2.2% in dollar 
terms at about 54.7 million and 2.8% in rupee term to Rs. 452 crores 
approximately while the EBITDA is given a margin, I'll jump at about 0.2%.  
There has been some taxation effect and reduction in other income which has 
made our PAT at about 10.1% as it stands for the Q1 and Q2, it's gone in 
anticipated lines and we see good traction in terms of the order book, the nine 
wins which have come in close to about 6 million dollar. I mean speak 
significantly in terms of where we are proceeding in what lines and the sectors 
continue to contribute basically is retail and commerce leading the pack and lead 
retail, BFSI, transport and healthcare contribute about close to 80% of the 
contribution.  
 

So that there has been some slackening on the receivables which we have trying 
to push around. Which has probably impacted a little bit on the cash flow. 
However, the utilisation has gone up to its peak at about 82% and we expect the 
gross utilisation at about 84%, including on sale. So put together the resource 
mix for between on site and offshore has been at the optimal level at about 79 
and 21, and the top 20 accounts on the mining side, which is contributed from 
has moved up and worked with our strategy and the top 20 accounts have 
contributed about close to 54% of the revenue.  
 
And there's been a continuous endeavour to track and monitor in terms of top 
40-50 accounts and the one hurtling factor is that on the digital post while on 
the digital engineering side, we have done, our contribution has been at about 
close to 6%. But if you look at the digital assurance as a business coupled with 
the digital engineering, I think we have closed the on the total revenue, 72% is 
coming out from the digital side. So a complete shift on the digital side which is 
happening and the board has pleased to announce an interim dividend at about 
₹3 per share which is unique of its kind in the current scenario.  
 
We have got about close to Rs. 300 crore plus in the investments in cash and 
cash equivalents and earning a handsome return and our CapEx has always been 
minimal and low and need based and we shall continue to monitor the position 
accordingly and the order book as it stands basically for a trailing 12 months, 
effective October stands at about close to 176 million and we have a lot of 
renewals coming through in the month of December and we are optimistic that 
we should be able to pull it through at least to 95% by 97% of the renewals. As 
we have not heard till now in terms of any pushback. 
 
So overall, I think while the cautious watch and the headwinds have come 
through, we are seeing as mentioned that we are seeing the tech spending is has 
started commencing. But however the effect of it sell probably we seen probably 
in the quarter Jan to March and we continue to be cautiously optimistic and with 
this note, I invite Vinay to give a market commentary on the business over to you 
Vinay. 
 
Vinay Rawat: 
Good afternoon everyone. Once again, I think as far as the revenue and margin 
and order book is concerned, Krishnan gave the commentary. I just would like to 
mention that we continue to execute well and capitalise on the demand 
environment, especially when the customers actually were leaning into 
productivity and cost initiatives, most of our customers that we continue to show 
their trust and confidence in us. At the same time we actually were formidable 
in holding on to our positions in our customer places. In fact we consolidated our 
position in certain new accounts where relatively speaking larger deals actually 
got capitalised and these certainly will help us in the coming quarters. I think 
most of the financial parameters have already been spoken, so I look forward to 
the question and answers, for now headed over back to Krishnan.  
 
 
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
Thanks, Vinay and I will now invite Raghu, Chief Delivery Officer to talk about the 
technology offering and the customer management over to you Raghu. 
 
 
Raghu Krovvidy: 
This quarter has been great also in terms of delivery front, for example we have 
the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the history of Cigniti thus far. So we 

continue to better at serving our clients and measuring on what value we deliver. 
We also got some industry certifications specifically to domains related to for 
example, like automotive industry, we got our TSAC certification, we also got our 
CMM Level 3 certification done, so therefore getting some industry 
endorsement for the capabilities that we have built in operational excellence you 
already heard Krishnan and Srikanth speaking about the improvement in the 
EBITDA every time, the highest utilisation levels with which we are operating. 
We continue to make significant inroads in digital engineering with 9 logos added 
as Srikanth was mentioning and most of these were also in our existing clients, 
which shows our capability to expand in current accounts. We are continuously 
investing in Gen AI capabilities, launching centres of excellence in that area that 
will allow us to further foray into the digital engineering services and two large 
deals added into our kitty in this quarter based on our solutions and capabilities, 
again beating significantly large players in the marketplace. This tells the value 
that we are able to put into our solution to the table.  
 
So overall it's been a great quarter and we look forward to continue to raise the 
bar in the subsequent quarters.  
 
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
Thank you, Raghu. For that update I now invite Sairam Vedam our Chief 
Marketing Officer to give his commentary on the marketing aspect.  
 
Sairamprabhu Vedam: 
So we have had a standard quarter on the brand and the recognition and the 
positioning for say one, we've got quoted again as the leader by Everest in 
specialist quality engineering services report and also as a strong performer with 
STAR rating for customer delivery excellence in the Everest report for next Gen 
QE.  
 
On the digital engineering front that we've grown strength to strength. We've 
been ranked by ISG in different segments across the digital engineering as an 
emerging product challenger. Which is a testament for our recent pivot into 
digital engineering and Gartner's refresh report of application testing services 
have once again covered Cigniti and most importantly that's a big endorsement 
of our twin positioning of a quality first digital engineering with digital assurance 
and digital engineering.  
 
On the vertical side retail CPG, life sciences, wealth banking and digital banking 
services across the analysts data, I think thanks to our delivery excellence, we've 
been noted with significant ratings. And before I close up, I'm also glad to let 
know that we've won the first ISG case study standout award for an AIML work 
that we did for one of our client. And last but not the least application 
modernization recognition from Forrester and Cigniti has been noted as the best 
Tech brand for 2023 by Economic Times Edge which is an all-round endorsement 
of the strides that Cigniti has been putting together.  
 
And on the generative AI front, we are glad to let know that in the first ever 
report that HFS research published, we've been noted as a disruptor and that's 
the start of the journey to continue to watch, Raghu said in the world of 
generative AI, where we are also working upon and we've also partnered with 
Nascom, so Gen AI foundry to look at the innovation that we can bring in. So 
that's the update overall from the marketing and the brand positioning aspect, 
I'll hand it over to Krishan.  
 

Krishnan Venkatachary:  
Yeah, thank you, Sir. And for the brief update on the marketing side and I invite 
Veera Reddy, our Global Head HR to comment on the manpower and the related 
aspects.  
 
Veera Reddy: 
Hello everyone. Very warm welcome from HR point of view, Q2 have been very 
good lower attrition and high engagement levels. Our focus continues in the DVI 
space and learning and development this year, as part of it we have actually 
collaborated with universities and curated a programme to bridge the gap 
between industry and academia. 
 
So we have successfully trained 55 resources from colleges in Hyderabad in 
automation testing space. The idea is to bridge the gap between what they learn 
and when they come to office, reduce the lead time to start the sort into the 
projects etc. So we want to invest as we move forward into that space and then 
increase the number next year. We are also expanding our office space to cater 
to the increase in people coming back to work as too.  
 
We aim to bring more people back to office while we continue to support hybrid 
working as necessary without impacting day-to-day operations. So overall very 
optimistic with respect to how we are going to be with respect to people, 
Krishnan and engagement levels. And thank you very much for this opportunity 
back to Krishnan.  
 
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
Thank you Veera. And I think now we'll we open the session for the question and 
answers with investors.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Ravi Naredi from Naredi investment. Please go ahead.  
 
Ravi Naredi: 
Mr Srikanth and Mr Krishnan. I draw attention of resignation of MD, Mr CV 
Subramanyam never saw things where MD resigned with immediate effect. So 
what will you want to tell?  
 
Management: 
He has stepped down for personal reasons.  
 
Ravi Naredi: 
But it is a diplomatic answer, I understand, but never saw any MD resigned 
personal reason with immediate effect. So what is the thing would you like to 
tell us?  
 
Management: 
At this stage you can only gather that it is for personal reasons, Mr Ravi.  
 
Ravi Naredi: 
Because you are escaping things and this is diplomatic answer, I'm not satisfied 
with your answer. Thank you. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha Plus 
Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Parth Kotak: 
Hi, thanks for taking my question. I have two questions. One, if you could help 
me and give me some flavour on new client wins if I'm not wrong, last quarter 
you said that client wins were good but getting order executions from new 
clients was a bit of a challenge. Has that changed and probably some 
commentary on the same? And second question is your guidance on EBITDA per 
say, I think you've mentioned in your call that we are at an optimum mix of 

onshore versus offshore. If there is further chance of increase in our EBITDA 
margins, that's all from my side thanks.  
 
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
Vinay, can you take down the first question and talk about the new clients and 
the execution challenges. Please go ahead then I can answer the EBITDA 
question. 
 
Vinay Rawat: 
So our new client acquisition in this particular quarter definitely actually has 
been better. We are, as Srikanth mention right in the beginning that I think we 
are seeing sort of green shoots at this point of time of demand. The demand 
environment which actually was existing earlier was predominantly driven by 
productivity and cost initiatives. I think there is a little bit of movement of course 
if you will that we saw. Nevertheless there were opportunities which actually we 
certainly came across where as I said earlier that relatively speaking, there were 
large deals, especially the two clients extra, which Srikanth referred. They were 
completely new client and the deals which actually we have struck with them are 
sort of sizable deals for us which actually will impact our new business for coming 
quarters.  
 
So in a nutshell, I would say that the environment for new business for ourselves 
actually has become better now.  
 
Krishnan Venkatachary: 
So when it comes back to the EBITDA in terms of question, I think if you look at 
resource optimization is 1 area. The other area what we are trying to look at it is 
that while the resource optimization has been optimal, we are trying to look at 
in terms of the mix in terms of the kind of resources what we are trying to look 
at a pyramid correction which is the continuous process that is one thing.  
 
And the second level of lever, what we are trying to look at it is that if you see 
the skewing in terms of offshore coming through where the margins will 
increase. And a third portion is that there is also there are accounts where we 
have started selling on the digital side which will start which has started yielding 
and will continue to yield more, if you see the full blown year, probably we'll 
start yielding margins more. So definitely with these three and few other cost 
economy factors so, we are optimistic that the next two quarters the EBITDA 
should move up the value chain.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Jawa from AK Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
I have a couple of questions. One is related to the business speculation that the 
promoters want to exit. Can you throw some light there? And the second 
question is regarding one year I understand the outlook. Basically if I see last two 
to three years, we have hired the employee strength has gone significantly up, 
which gives us an indication that there is a good demand for our projects. What 
I wanted to understand from one to three years perspective, where do you see 
Cigniti going forward and how would be the growth potential? And where do you 
want to scale the revenues and the margins? These are my two questions.  
 
 
Management: 
So the first question. There's no discussions on promoters wanting to exist, so 
we deny that speculation and if there is any such activity, we will, it shall be 
informed to the related authorities and to be uniformly distributed to all the 

shareholders. So we deny the speculation. The regarding second question, we 
don't provide guidance, but we have some internal benchmarks that we set for 
ourselves to continuously execute upon. So in general, we don't provide 
guidance.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
What would be the levers? Where are you? We guys focusing on some 
qualitative indicators. Can you just provide that what are the internal targets are 
trying it is not on the guidance, but what are your targets keeping in mind?  
 
Management: 
So see, generally we've been known as a software quality assurance player. So 
we've pivoted to digital assurance. Our ambition is to significantly tilt our 
revenues towards digital engineering service. So with our 200 plus clients that 
we have today, we have immense opportunity to proliferate beyond digital 
assurance as a service offering and go to offerings such as data, AIML, cloud and 
so on. So, if you're able to execute upon this strategy, we are looking at 
significant amount of growth.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
So when you say digital engineering service, what kind of service can you explain 
here?  
 
Management: 
So in our parlance, it is outside anything outside digital assurance. So we look at 
ER&D services, we look at data AIML cloud, so anything outside of digital 
assurance constitutes digital engineering in our terminal.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
Basically, IT consultancy projects, novel projects, not insurance assurance 
related. Basically not testing related will be development related, right? If my 
understanding is correct.  
 
Management: 
Yes. I mean, at a very high.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
OK then, since the company basically is the specialised in quality assurance. Do 
we are having the right capability of employees to execute the development 
because that is a totally different volume right on the using the development, 
right? 
 
Management: 
Yes, you're right. So we've started on this journey more than 18 months ago. In 
fact we've also done one acquisition. And we will continuously investing in areas 
beyond digital assurance. So that journey has started and in fact, if you've 
listened to the commentary we've talked about our new client wins and 
expansion into our existing clients outside of digital assurance. 
 
Aditya Jawa: 
So that you How much of our revenue comes from digital engineering?  
 
Management: 
The digital engineering portion is about 6% of the total revenue, which if you 
look at the first six months of 108 Million, 6% is digital engineering. And the 
digital assurance piece is put together digital assurance piece and engineering 
put together is about 72%.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
The rest comes from? 
 
Management: 
Generic testing.  
 
Aditya Jawa: 
OK. So where do you see this pie moving forward in the three years.  

 
Management: 
Significantly though we don't quantify the numbers, but I think if you look at, 
let's take a 5 year view from here. On a five year view, we expect the entire digital 
services, which is including the digital engineering driving the growth at about 
close to 60% and the digital assurance all put together, we should be there at 
about close to 80%. So is the wishful thinking.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshit from Robo Capital. Please go ahead.  
 
Darshit: 
First of all, I just missed the order book quantity. What was the number? 
 
Management: 
I have given for October to March as a combination for next 12 months. I have 
given it about 176 million. 
 
Darshit: 
Alright. And am I get that you don't give any guidance as such but would it be, 
correct to assume that the past some time would have been an embodiment of 
what we're going to see in the future like some similar kind of growth?  
 
Management: 
So if you look through the guidance, what we have talked not guidance, what we 
have talked in generic in March, basically we said that the headwinds are there 
and Q1, Q2 remains subdued over. We are optimistic on Q3 and Q4. So if you 
look at it on an apple to apple basis, if you look at it over the last two years in 
terms of what have been the growth and comparing to that current year I think 
that's not a wishful thinking for the current year. Because the year has been 
under consolidation both on the client side and also service provider side. 
However, we remain positive and buoyant for the current year in terms of doing 
a positive growth which could be a double digit growth. But I think over the next 
three years what is remains to be seen is the visibility looks good.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Praveen Sharma from Sharma 
Investment. Please go.  
 
Praveen Sharma: 
I had a couple of questions. First is I wanted to understand how is Cigniti 
differentiating itself from competitors in the digital assurance and engineering 
services space and what investments are being made in R&D and innovation to 
maintain a competitive edge?  
 
Management: 
So I'll probably take the first piece. So as I outlined, we have evolved from being 
a specialised testing services company to a niche provider of digital assurance as 
acknowledged by all of the industry analysts that I spoke about our 
differentiation comes in an integrated ability to be a quality first provider no. 1. 
Our IP led opportunity creation in sense of IP led platform led innovation where 
the two platforms that we have, notably something called Blue Swan, which is 
an intellectual property of Cigniti which also considerably adds to our domain led 
capabilities of testing applications of medium to extremely large complexity at 
enterprise level, which again I sort of reaffirmed with various analyst positioning 
that recognise that, backed by some of the labs that we invest and build out in 
our Hyderabad campus, plus the global array of the delivery competent 
workforce that we have, which again is a reflection of the recent leader 
positioning by Everest Research and Gartner's refresh as a pure play digital 
assurance player or notably the differentiators as far as our assurance 
capabilities are concerned and similarly are approach to digital engineering 
where we are again bringing a new approach called a quality first approach to 

digital engineering backed by significant amount of work that is underway in 
increasing our capabilities whether it is in AI where it is in digital, whether it is in 
platformisation, whether it is in cloud is a work in process, or whether it is in 
data.  
 
I think together that's a significantly called out differentiated approach which is 
also called out by IDC and ISG in the digital engineering quadrants. So that's our 
differentiated value position and also our Blue Swan platform and ZASTRA which 
is our new platform. Both have been one blue swan go Stevie’s award for its low 
code innovation Zastra has been recently the finalist in the Granville Awards for 
Computer Vision. I think these are our emerging platform capabilities. Maybe I 
will request Raghu to see if there is anything else that he wants to add.  
 
So coming back to the R&D in terms of spend, I think it's a continuous evaluation 
process, which is done by the Chief Delivery officer in consultation with the 
business and marketing clearly. Basically we have budgeted very clearly that it 
will be not exceeding 5% of the total revenue absorbing the during the year in 
which it is being spent, but I think these spends the budgeted are being 
monitored and spent on research basis to really get their the dollar return for 
the money spent very clearly.  
 
Praveen Sharma: 
And now to move a little bit over to the geographic side as well to understand 
the revenue breakdown, I believe North America and Canada contributed 
significantly to the revenue. So could you discuss the performance in these 
regions and any strategies for further expansion that is 1, and secondly, what 
initiatives are in place to increased company’s presence in UK and Europe and 
the other world region.  
 
Management: 
I can give the quantification of the number and I will request Vinay to come in 
and talk about the business strategy. In terms of the North America and the 
European region in terms of the footprints, in terms of quantification of the 
numbers, I think this quarter contributed about close to 83.2% from the US and 
Canada region. And the UK, EU continues to contribute at about 8.5% and the 
rest of the world about 8.3%.  
 
Vinay I invite you to talk about the strategy in terms of expanding the footprint, 
especially UK and the European region and the specific strategy on the US side.  
 
Vinay: 
So as far as our geographical study is concerned, as the largest outsourcing 
market actually continues to be in North America and this market is still is large 
enough for us to provide a very healthy organic growth continuously. We 
implemented a go to market strategy last year to actually increase our footprint 
in our existing accounts.  
 
And we believe that we have a lot of headroom to grow within our existing 
clients, which actually exist into of course North America and North American 
markets. So we'll continue to invest into this market. We reported earlier that 
we actually have started near shore delivery centre in cost. The data and that 
proposition is very attractive to our customers, especially in North American 
geography where they want same time zone delivery capability. We do continue 
to deliver services from our Canadian delivery centre in Toronto.  
 

So overall, I think this market is North American market continues to be 
heavyweight and will continue to drive our organic growth. Coming to the newer 
geography, we believe that I think remaining focused on certain markets actually 
will give us better return on investment. However, having said that, we may 
expand into Eastern European markets. And predominantly driven by the 
customers like our Costa Rica facility was driven by one of our anchor customers 
and we started offering that delivery centre capability to our other customers.  
 
So, is something which actually we will do in European market, I think the 
markets which we continue to be present have significant headroom for growth 
and they continue to provide us enough market potential, where we believe that 
organic growth which we are targeting for ourselves will continue to come in.  
 
So in nutshell, we will be little resistive in terms of opening new markets. 
However, we will consolidate our positioning into especially UK markets where 
we have sizable presence and Eastern European, which may be driven by the 
customers.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sanjay and individual investor. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Sanjay:  
Hello, good evening Sir. During the last call, the conference call it was announced 
that optimistic because of the market conditions. So after this quarter are you 
seeing the things had changed or improved compared to last quarter? And when 
it was announced that the company will grow by around 14 to 16% by FY24 
compared to 2023, so are we on track or are we seeing that because of the 
tailwinds or headwinds or things will change or improve and the third question 
is about the Q3. Are you seeing any impact of loans this time more than last year, 
or how the quarter looks like compared to the revenue will be higher than 
actually the Q2 guidance or at least better than Q2, Q3 be better than Q2.  
 
Management: 
Yeah, generalising will sum up all the questions into cohesive answer very clearly 
that sorry for repeating. I think we don't give any specific guidance, but I think 
we have already indicated very clearly with the kind of Clancy this year in terms 
of lot of events running through a double digit plus growth could be idealistic 
order of growth.  
 
If you look at it for Q1 and Q2 comparing to the industry standards on average. I 
think we have delivered much better performance in the overall scheme of 
things. And what we expect, if you look at it for Q3 and Q4 also is that the order 
book specifies and from the current set of quarterly run rates, what we see 
basically is that we see a positivity across.  
 
I don't think I'll be able to talk beyond that in terms of how the growth, how the 
things moves up. But I think when it comes to the question of business. I can 
categorically say that there is no denial from the client, no deferrals from the 
client or no price reductions from the client. These three are real positive 
measures, clearly.  
 
So why we should not be able to achieve a better growth in the next two 
quarters, but I think we'll have to wait and see basically as we are moving up to 
as of today things look very positive for us and the as eluded in the commentary 
by Srikanth says that tech sector spending has commenced, the tech sector 

spending, and then we expect this spending to really get into full blown 
proposition to really start falling on the lap of all the service providers probably 
from effective the calendar year beginning January.  
 
So overall I think the summary is that while the cautious optimistic position is 
changing. And we are trying to be a bit more optimistic in terms of where we 
head over the next couple of quarters.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Siddharth Soni and individual 
investor. Please go ahead.  
 
Siddharth:  
Yeah. Good evening and thank you for taking my question. So I guess it was 
mentioned in the opening remarks that BFSI retail, ecommerce, these were some 
of the sectors that contributed significantly to the revenue. So could there be 
some more colour provided on the performance and prospects of these 
particular sectors? And also just to follow up on that any particular plans to 
further deepen, I mean diversify into other industries to reduce the dependency 
on any particular sector?  
 
Management: 
Good question. I think if you look through probably we are today the broad 
based in terms of providing services, our contribution from the respective 
contribution from each segment which I'm going to talk to you about four or five 
segments will give you clearly that where we are, how we are balanced?  
 
While our retail and e-commerce, we do at about 23%, our BFSI contributes 22% 
and travel and transport, hospitality and entertainment at about 16% and health 
care at about 13%.  
 
So I think we are widely spread in these four areas and specialists and we are 
trying to give a push on the energy and utility side to get us to the level where 
we are expecting that close to 70-75% of the business is focused on these 5 
sectors and I think it's a clean approach and we've been working very well and 
we are penetrating deep and especially with the digital services running through 
in these clients and these clients are long standing clients and where we have 
expanding in the breadth and width.  
 
So I think to answer your question is ours depends we have learned in the past 
in terms of post Corona that depending on a single sector heavily especially on 
the travel has made a space hardships and we have derisk and built our 
capabilities. And we have put it widely into these sectors clearly, which in 
inherently for our growth. I think these five sectors has gone the potential to 
really contribute more.  
 
Siddharth:  
OK, fair enough. And just one last thing to follow up on the same lines. So I mean, 
which vertical do you think will perform likely better than compared to the 
current or last year in terms of contribution?  
 
Management: 
As it stands, if you look through basically the retail and BFSI continue to 
contribute better. It all depends on the companies offering capabilities and the 
penetration basically while the entire industry talks about BFSI being on the 
downside, I think we have been specific and focal on specific what we call 
banking sector where we have started penetrating based on our offerings. So we 

are confident of these two sectors contributing a bit more comparing to previous 
quarter.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr Srikanth Chakkilam for closing comments.  
 
Srikanth Chakkilam: 
Thank you. Thanks everyone again for joining in and it was a pleasure to give all 
the updates of the company's performance. We intend to do this again in the 
following quarters. Thank you and happy Diwali.  
  
Moderator:  
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Cigniti Technologies Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain 
transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an 
effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
