 
GPT Infraprojects Limited 
 
 
Regd. Office : GPT Centre, JC-25, Sector-III, Salt Lake, Kolkata – 700 106, India  CIN: L20103WB1980PLC032872 
 
Tel: +91-33-4050-7000     Fax: +91-33-4050-7999    Email: info@gptgroup.co.in    Visit us: www.gptinfra.in 
 
 
 
 
GPTINFRA/CS/SE/2023-24                                                                                      November 14, 2023 
 
The Department of Corporate Services,                                        National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Limited,                                                                                  Exchange Plaza,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                                                           Plot no. C/1, G Block,  
Dalal Street                                                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai – 400001                                                                            Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
Sub: Update on Conference Call held on November 09, 2023 – Call Transcript  
Ref.: Scrip Code – 533761; Symbol – GPTINFRA 
In compliance with Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith transcript of Conference Call 
held on Thursday, November 09, 2023. 
Kindly take the aforesaid information on record and oblige. 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
 
For GPT Infraprojects Limited, 
 
 
 
 Mohit Arora 
    Company Secretary 
 
Encl. – As Above 
MOHIT 
ARORA
Digitally signed by 
MOHIT ARORA 
Date: 2023.11.14 
16:46:06 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
 
“GPT Infraprojects Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ATUL TANTIA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR & CFO, 
GPT INFRAPROJECTS LIMITED 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the GPT Infraprojects 
Limited Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia – Executive Director and 
CFO. Over to you, sir.  
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and a warm welcome to the GPT 
Infraprojects Limited Earnings Conference Call for the second quarter and half 
year ended September 30th 2023. With festivities in the air, I extend my warm 
wishes to everyone on the call today. The results presentation along with our 
press release has already been uploaded on the company's website and that of 
the stock exchanges. We hope you have had a chance to go through the same.  
Today on the call, we also have with us Stellar IR, our Investor Relations 
Advisors. I'm glad to announce that the second quarter and the first half FY 
ended 2024 has been a remarkable quarter for the company, given that 
generally the second quarter is one of the weakest for any infrastructure 
company.  
However, if you compare it on a quarter-on-quarter basis we are almost flat 
and we have achieved a 53% growth on a year-on-year basis. The strong 
quarterly performance is on all parameters that is revenue, EBITDA, PAT and 
cash flow. This achievement is attributable to our strong execution capabilities 
and a steady focus on cash flow.  
Now moving to the financial numbers for the second quarter and half year 
ended FY2024. Our revenues for Q2 FY24 were Rs 225 Crores on a standalone 
basis which compared with Rs 151 Crores last year representing a growth of 
49% year-on-year. On a consolidated basis, the revenues stood at Rs 235 
Crores compared to Rs 153 Crores for the last year, representing a growth of 
53% year-on-year. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
On a half-year basis, the revenues were Rs 464 Crores on a standalone basis 
which were higher by 37% on a year-on-year basis as compared to Rs 339 
Crores last year. On a consolidated basis, the revenue stood at Rs 474 Crores 
compared to Rs 342 Crores last year with the growth of 39% year-on-year.  
In both this standalone and the consolidated numbers, we have set the target of 
25% growth this year and we are very confident of achieving the same. This 
growth will majorly be driven by a significant execution infrastructure segment 
which accounted for approximately 89% of our total revenues. Our standalone 
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs 27 Crores compared to Rs 20 Crores, 
representing a growth of 39% year-on-year and EBITDA for the half year was 
Rs 60 Crores compared to Rs 44 Crores last year, which is a growth of 35%. 
In terms of consolidated EBITDA, the same came in at Rs 32 Crores for the 
quarter compared to Rs 21 Crores last year representing a growth of 58% and 
EBITDA for the half year stood at Rs 62 Crores compared to Rs 43 Crores on 
a consolidated basis last year, representing a growth of 44%. We are quite 
confident of maintaining our long-term EBITDA margin of 12% to 13% from 
the operations which we have guided historically. 
With the improvement in revenue, the operation efficiencies have helped us 
ensure long term EBITDA is met and we expect the same to be maintained 
going forward as well. The company has declared an interim dividend of Re. 1 
per Share record date of the same has been fixed on November 24, 2023, 
maintaining our dividend policy of rewarding shareholders.  
In terms of balance sheets, the management continues with a strong focus on 
cash flow and receivables, while ensuring that the projects achieve the hurdle 
rate EBITDA of 12% to 13% which is led to report strong numbers over the 
last three years. Our cash flow to EBITDA conversion remains strong and will 
be one of the highest for the industry and especially this year on account of the 
receipt of arbitration receivables, we expect it to cross 100% and thus providing 
comfortable liquidity for the operations.  
The bank limit continues to be utilized South of 85%, thus enabling the 
operations to go on smoothly. We have avail facilities for issuing performance 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
security bonds from insurance companies for the new projects awarded to us, 
being the first company in the country to do so. Furthermore, our balance sheet 
is becoming more deleveraged with operating cash flow being much stronger.  
Now coming to our segmental performance: 
Our infrastructure segment demonstrates strong execution progress with a 
remarkable 37% increase in revenue reaching to Rs 210 Crores for the quarter 
ended 30th September 2023. This segment continues to be the backbone of our 
business, contributing almost 89% of our total revenues for the quarter.  
Regarding the sleeper segment, the same generated revenue of Rs 24 Crores in 
second quarter FY24 despite completion of the contract for the dedicated 
freight corridor and we anticipate the increase in momentum in the super 
segment will be backed by the commencement of the operations in South 
Africa. We expect this segment to contribute 10% to 12% of the annual 
revenues for the full year as well, especially with the Ghana operations also 
contributing revenues in the fourth quarter once the product is approved by 
local railways.  
The key contracts for the infrastructure segment continue to be performed well 
with contracts like Prayagraj, Ghazipur, Mathura, Jhansi, Nimtita, Byculla are 
driving a major part of the revenues. In terms of the order book for the second 
quarter, we have achieved the highest order book of Rs 2,877 Crores which is 
the unexcused order book. Due to the order inflows of Rs 1,017 Crores during 
the year, which represents almost 3.6x, our FY23 revenues providing strong 
visibility to the management.  
Recently we have backed the largest order largest single order in the history of 
the company for Rs 739 Crores from NHAI for construction of a new four lane 
Prayagraj Southern Bypass on NH 17 in the state of Uttar Pradesh under the 
Bharatmala contract on the EPC basis. This is a major part of the contract for 
the construction of bridge over the Sangam in Allahabad.  
It is worth mentioning that this order book represents one of the highest in the 
company's history. To enhance profitability, we have implemented key 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
measures such as optimizing working capital and reducing outstanding with 
various customers. We continue to be positive, driven by our strong 
outstanding order book, improving financial conditions including stronger cash 
flows and lower debt position as a result of the reduction in the receivables.  
We have already mentioned to you about the setting of the factory in Ghana 
with the capacity of 240,000 sleepers. The factory has already been 
commissioned and the product is awaiting the final approval from the railways 
post, for which the revenues will be start to be booked. The South African 
business is back on track. Its revenues are increasing by 138% on a year-on-
year basis.  
As we had indicated in the previous call as well. We are glad to inform you 
that our company has settled the long pending arbitration disputes with two 
customers under the Vivad Se Vishwas scheme II, contractual dispute scheme 
of the Government of India, which were in which we applied in the previous 
quarter and the pending disposals have been mutually settled between the 
customer and the and the company subsidiary / joint venture. 
The customers have also withdrawn the cases from the courts. We expect to 
receive the cash from these customers by 31st December 2023. We are very 
thankful to the government for bringing out such a scheme which will ensure 
that the old disputes across the industry are settled and will provide much 
required cash for all the companies.  
Industrial updates as we navigate the challenges presented globally, we are 
continuing to discover our sources of strength and resilience. To boost trade 
flow and add passenger trains the Indian Railways has suggested a massive 
plan to invest Rs 4 Lakh Crores on multi track 7 high density corridors. The 
program has been spread over a period of 10 years from 2024-25 to 2033-34  
In addition to doubling and laying 3rd and 4th, line and various sections 
throughout the course for the next 10 years. The main objectives is to make 
these corridors currently for carrying 41% of the Indian Railways total railway 
traffic more capable of handling additional trains, especially with the advent of 
the Vande Bharat passenger and the Vande Bharat sleeper trains as well.  

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
I would like to reiterate that in Q2 FY24 the secured orders of 1,017 Crores for 
the first half, including incremental orders from existing contracts. 
As of Q2 FY2024, our unexecuted order book remains at Rs 2,877 Crores 
which is approximately 3.6 times our FY23 revenues providing excellent 
growth with the belief for the management. With strong execution on the back 
of the largest order book in the history of the company we are on track to cross 
Rs 1,000 Crores in revenues this year and expect to maintain the growth 
momentum going forward as well. We remain positive for the future prospects 
of the company and improving financials led by improving cash flows and 
reduction debt position due to better operating cash flows, which we believe 
will position us for the higher growth trajectory in the coming quarters.  
As I have already mentioned earlier, we are bidding for orders up to Rs 1000 
Crores single orders and we are expanding our potential opportunities for the 
growing infrastructure segment in India. This testimony of the same lies in the 
receipt of the largest single order received by the company of Rs 739 Crores in 
the last month. As we have started our fiscal year 2024 with a strong 
performance, we expect to maintain the same going forward as well with the 
guidance of 25% growth in revenues and 50% growth in profit for the full year.  
Thank you, everyone, and we look forward to addressing any questions or 
concerns you might be having with respect to our financial performance and 
future prospects. I will now request the moderator to kindly open the floor to 
any questions and answers. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda Family Office. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So, my question is, as we have grown by almost 35% in the first half, so the 
same momentum is likely to continue for the second half as well? 
Atul Tantia: 
So just to correct you we have grown this momentum is expected to be 25% 
for the full year which is like I've said in my opening remarks as well, and we 
expect to maintain across 1,000. Crores for the full year. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
Sudhir Bheda: 
So that means second-half would be muted kind of growth 15% because 35% 
we have already grown. So, to get the average of 25%, our growth would be 
muted in the second-half, is it the right understanding? 
Atul Tantia: 
It's not muted per se I think on an average we will be -- so in the second-half 
we will achieve almost close to Rs 600 Crores of revenue so which I think last 
year we achieved about Rs 500 Crores odd so it's almost 20% close to 20%, 
18% to 20% growth. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And second factory at Ghana which is going to be start in the second half 
maybe in the last quarter or so. So, what kind of revenue that be generated for 
the full year if we project it for the next year? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, that will generate a revenue of almost Rs 60- 65 Crores for the full year. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And sir order pipeline if you can throw light on the bidding pipeline or order 
pipeline which you are… 
Atul Tantia: 
We are on an unexecuted order book of almost Rs 2,877 Crores and the L1 in 
further almost Rs 200 Crores of order.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha plus 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Parth Kotak: 
I don't mean to pry, but as my previous participation I'll probably with all infra 
companies probably second half is slightly stronger than the first half by that 
means do we not see our revenues coming in slightly stronger and more than 
what we're guiding for? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, we had earlier guided for 20% growth for the full year, which we have 
bumped up to 25% for the full year. So, I think that these might exceed that 
revenue honestly, but that number honestly, but we will be anywhere between 
25% to 30% for the full year, but like I said, we expect to be in the range of 
about Rs 1,000 Crores plus. So, it'll be almost Rs 1,050 Crores to 1,060 Crores 
for the full year, Rs 1,050 Crores does mean almost close to 29% growth, but 
25% is something that is we think that is quite will be done and we have a 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
target set internally for almost a 30%. So, if we do achieve 30% then still for 
the second-half we'll be going in 22% to 25%. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir secondly, I think the arbitration receipt was supposed to be received in 
October, has there been a slight delay and if that's the case would there be a 
chance that there would be further delay in receipt of this arbitrage? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, the arbitration receivable was not expected to be received in October. It 
was expected to be received by December 2023. We have already settled the 
arbitration award and the agreements have been signed. The cases from the 
court have been withdrawn by NHAI and IRCON respectively and by us as 
well. The expectation is that one of them will be received in this month itself, 
that is November and the second one could be November end or early 
December. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir, just one last question, probably not so much on the fundamentals I think 
the market realizes are pricing and market cap is slightly out of sync with our 
fundamental performance, which is sort of being hindered by the ESM 
mechanism which is being implemented by the exchanges. Any view on when 
we would be out of the ESM mechanism? 
Atul Tantia: 
I think someone in the exchange can only answer. I have no idea and we do not 
honestly can help it to get out, the exchanges have their own criteria and 
creditors do put companies in and out of the ESM mechanism. I hope that it is 
done earlier rather than later, so that's the only thing I can say on it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Mehta from Donga and 
Associates. Please go ahead. 
Anish Mehta: 
My question is related to an arbitration award, which is settled and declared in 
the name of the company. So, how it has been reflected in the P&L for the 
quarter ended September 23 and as on the balance sheet as on 30th September 
23? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, the arbitration receivable has been reflected in the P&L of the quarter ended 
September 30th, 2023 and the assets that we were carrying in terms of the work 
in progress and inventories etc., they have accordingly been also expensed out. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
So, they have been the P&L has been adjusted towards the arbitration 
receivable. 
Anish Mehta: 
Sir this revenue has been recognized as of now or it was earlier recorded. 
Atul Tantia: 
Revenues as per the accounting policy revenues recognized net of what you 
call the arbitration, the carrying value of the investment or carrying value of 
the inventory and the work in progress contract assets. So, it has been netted 
off. The revenue recognized is not a significant amount. It is quite a small 
amount, about Rs 5 odd Crores for the subsidiary. So, again to clarify, the 
arbitration has been settled not by the company, but the company subsidiary 
and joint operation the company has not done it. 
Anish Mehta: 
So, in the balance sheet which has been provided for the 31st March 23, there 
were disputed trade receivables considered good. It was this amount was been 
impacted here for Rs 438.04 Crores, right? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, the disputed trade receivables is not Rs 438 Crores. I don't know where 
you getting that number from. Disputed trade receivables is much, much lower, 
Rs 438 Crores is not our total receivable as well. 
Anish Mehta: 
In the annual report, which has been provided, it is Rs 438.4 Crores, disputed 
trade receivables considered standalone numbers Rs 4.38 Crores? 
Atul Tantia: 
Say that you're saying Rs 438 Crores that’s why I'm getting confused. So, part 
of that has been realized and one more from the Kanpur Development 
Authority is still pending they are in the audit report as well. 
Anish Mehta: 
So, this Rs 70 Crores, which is the number which we have settled where it was 
and how much it has been write off as of now? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, Rs 70 Crores is not the number that we will get, the subsidiary and the joint 
operations get. Our share is 74% in terms of the contract with NHAI and 57% 
in the terms of the contract with IRCON. So, if I were to total both of them, we 
would get close to Rs 50 Crores. Out of the Rs 50 Crores this number is there 
in terms of the balance sheet and the trade receivables at the moment for the 
September balance sheet. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Anish Mehta: 
Since we have not received the money, it has not been impacted in the balance 
sheet. We have not written offright? 
Atul Tantia: 
It’s not yet written-off. That Rs 50 Crores is coming as a as a balance sheet 
number from this receivable from the customer in the current assets and the 
corresponding inventories and all that have been written off in the P&L. 
Anish Mehta: 
Do you have exact numbers how much of these Rs 70 Crores is recognized as 
revenue in the current quarter and how much has been write-off? 
Atul Tantia: 
There's no write-off per se of any of the receivables. The earlier we were 
carrying it as an inventory. So, revenue that is recognized is net of the 
inventories that's why I'm telling you the revenue for the subsidy that has been 
recognized is about Rs 4.8 Crores. 
Anish Mehta: 
Rs 4.8 Crores revenue. 
Atul Tantia: 
That is net of the carrying value of the subsidiaries inventory and other 
expenses. 
Anish Mehta: 
So, Rs 70 Crores is total which will be received? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, Rs 70 Crores is not totally received Rs 50 Crores like I said, Rs 70 Crores 
is not our share. Rs70 Crores is the total amount of money our shares is Rs 50 
Crores which is 74% of the NHAI receivable of Rs 59 Crores and 57% of the 
IRCON receivable which is Rs 11.77 Crores. So, total our share is about Rs 50 
Crores, Rs 70 Crores is overall received from the customer. 
Anish Mehta: 
So, out of the Rs 50 Crores, your is Rs 4.8 Crores, correct? 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Anish Mehta: 
And balance will be adjusted against on that inventory and all right? 
Atul Tantia: 
Yes, net of the carrying value of the inventory and other contract assets, which 
includes the work in progress etc. The revenue recognizing subsidiaries was 
Rs 4.85 Crores close to that. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Anish Mehta: 
So, Rs 4.8 Crores is our shares right or total? 
Atul Tantia: 
It is our share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudhir Bheda from Bheda 
Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Sudhir Bheda: 
Just wanted to ask sir about the margin trajectory as a long term you have 
already stated 12% to 13% is the range where we can expect a long-term 
margin, sustainable margin, but if you see really, we have clubbed around 
13.75% margin for the first half. So, this kind of margin, at least in a year or 
so it will continue or how it is or it was some it will taper off? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, for a year or so it will continue because the Ghana operations will have a 
higher margin. So, I think this kind of margin will continue for a year or so, 
but the long term like I've said will be in the 12% to 13%, but for a year 
especially with EPC contracts, the larger EPC contracts, that's the range in the 
industry, but for the next year to two years, because of the Ghana operations 
and what you call the margin for that subsidiary we should get that 13.5% to 
14% range? 
Sudhir Bheda: 
And sir one more question if I actually listen to your commentary, you have 
stated that for the entire year cash conversion to EBITDA would be around 
100%. So, is it the right understanding? 
Atul Tantia: 
Cash from operations to EBITDA will be North of 100% especially because of 
the receipt of this arbitration receivables. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir in earlier calls and press releases we have mentioned that we'll be expecting 
Rs 1,600 Crores of order inflows this year and we have already done more than 
Rs 1,000 Crores. So, in H2, are we still expecting around roughly Rs 600 
Crores of inflows, or it should be more than that? 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
Atul Tantia: 
So, like I said in one of the earlier questions sorry L1 in almost Rs 200 Crores 
of new orders. So, H2 we should get especially with elections around the 
corner. We should get close to Rs 800 Crores to Rs 1000 Crores of new orders. 
So, we will I think cross the Rs 1,600 Crores target that we have set for the 
year. 
Aditya Sen: 
And we are going 25% this year in terms of revenue, so same trajectory for 
FY25-26? 
Atul Tantia: 
For FY25, yes, but I think FY26 again it depends on how the order book plays 
out. Obviously, there is a major event that is the elections, but I think that we 
should go around the 20% to 25% mark in the next five years as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhiraj Sachdev from Roha 
Asset Manager. Please go ahead. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
I just wanted to know what is the margin difference between Ghana and the 
EPC contracts that you do domestically and also since our NHAI mix is also 
increasing, are you confident of maintaining these margins and cash flows on 
the working capital side? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, the Ghana margin is close to 27%, 28% and we have also achieved that 
earlier in the year as well. In the African market generally it's North of 20% 
for our South Africa business also. In terms of whether we can maintain this 
long-term EBITDA of 12% to 13% due to NHAI and other larger contracts. 
So, like I said again to the previous caller because of the Ghana operations next 
year, we would be around the 13.5% to 13.75% margin, but long term we see 
it in the 12% to 13% range. So, we were earlier doing maybe around 13%. Now 
we're saying because of the larger contracts we will do about 12% to 13% 
range, but having said that with the reduction interest expense and PAT margin 
will be higher than what it was historically. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Since the mix is also changing and we have seen a lot of EPC players with 
larger contract sizes having stresses in the past, what is the threshold for 
accepting an order? What is the due-diligence and risk management practices 
internally that you adopt for taking or not taking the order because at the end 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
of the day attain business, competitive business, but it can dilute your cash 
flows, it can dilute your ROC. So, if you can just elaborate on the management 
strategy on the order quality intakes rather than just building up the order book? 
Atul Tantia: 
No, we are never interested in just building up the orderbook we don’t like to 
do that ever. So, one of the key filters is A we like to see the line of funding 
and we do mostly central government contracts. When I say mostly it's almost 
90% to 95% is central government funded contracts or multilateral funded 
contracts.  
These contracts are generally with the railways or NHAI or MORTH. When I 
say railway is also railway PSUs like RVNL, IRCON and others and these 
contracts generally have the land available so that the contracts can go on 
smoothly and we are very, very disciplined in terms of our bidding strategy 
that we want to maintain that kind of EBITDA margin. So, we do build in some 
contingencies as well.  
So that when we are able to execute the contracts, we are able to deliver these 
12% to 13% EBITDA range and if you see our EBITDA, it has been always 
north of 13% this shows the discipline of the management. We have a fully 
independent audit committee which monitors the margins on a quarterly basis 
and does discuss the same with the statutory orders which is BDO that is NSK 
& Associates and they do review the budgeted margins for the wider 
management and how we are tracking against the actual margins. And we have 
seen that we have tracked quite close to the budgeted margin which is 12% to 
13% historically. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
Again, my question is only partly answered on the margins as you mentioned 
about committee, doing due diligence on margins of 12% - 13% on the new 
orders, my question is extended not only to margins, but also on the working 
capital and cash flow side. So, ROCs, how do you intend to maintain beyond 
14%, 15%, 16%. You should evaluate not just the margin part, but also on the 
orders and the milestone payments and the ROC's effectively speaking rather 
than just accrual profits, so if you can elaborate that part?  

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Atul Tantia: 
In terms of ROC, we have always been targeting that cash flows to EBITDA 
would be North of 90%. So, if our cash flow to EBITDA is North of 90%, 
which I don't think many people in the industry can claim really speaks on the 
return ratios that we can deliver. Our long-term target for ROC is 18% to 20% 
and we expect to maintain that as well. We are and we have a good dividend 
policy as well. So, ROE might seem a little depressed in terms of the optically, 
but I think because if adjust for dividend be slightly higher. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So, we are evaluating beyond these margins only? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, always believe cash flow is king and cash flow is something that we should 
always factor in when we are bidding for contracts. We do a full cash flow 
analysis and then only we do bid for contracts. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So just an example, this Prayagraj order of Southern Bypass Rs 739 crore will 
meet your criteria of 90% EBITDA-to-Cash Flow conversion? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, it can what you call on a quarter-on-quarter basis it can be slightly skewed 
because initially there would be a lot of investment that will happen towards 
the contract and it might be due to like the milestone payments etc. it's still it 
might not deliver about the 90% mark. But I think that after the second or the 
third quarter it will start achieving that 90% mark. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So, what is the execution time cycle for this project, let's say? 
Atul Tantia: 
13 months. 
Dhiraj Sachdev: 
So, over a period of 13 months is when you are saying EBITDA to cash flow 
can become 90% even for this project? 
Atul Tantia: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anish Mehta from Donga and 
Associates. Please go ahead. 

 
GPT Infraprojects Limited  
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Anish Mehta: 
My question is you said sir earlier we are around 74% holding in Jogbani 
Highway Private Limited. So, sir can you tell me who is the other party balance 
26%? 
Atul Tantia: 
So, there is another party called RDS Projects Limited that was the 
qualification strategy that was the qualification criteria when we had bid for 
the contract in 2010-11. So, they are the other part to the subsidiary. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participant, I now hand 
the conference over to Mr. Atul Tantia for closing comments. 
Atul Tantia: 
Thank you everyone for your questions which I hope I've been able to suitably 
address. In case you have any other further questions, do please get in touch 
with Stellar IR or directly with us. I wish you a very Shubh Deepavali and hope 
that the coming year will be prosperous and successful for you and your family. 
Thank you and have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of GPT Infraprojects that conclude this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
