 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“CSB Bank Limited  
Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 20, 2023, 05.30 PM IST 
 
         
 
 
MANAGEMENT : MR. PRALAY MONDAL 
  MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO - CSB BANK 
 
 
  MR. B.K. DIVAKARA 
  HEAD - STRATEGY & CORPORATE LEGAL - CSB BANK 
 
  MR. SATISH GUNDEWAR 
   
 
 
 
  CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - CSB BANK 
 
 
ANALYST 
: MR. SHIVAJI THAPLIYAL 
                                             YES SECURITIES LIMITED 
 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to CSB Bank Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call, hosted by YES Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be 
in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
Thank you, Enzo. Good evening, and a warm welcome to all those who have joined the 
call. The CSB Bank management is represented by Mr. Pralay Mondal, Managing 
Director and CEO, Mr. B.K. Divakara, Head, Strategy and Corporate Legal, and Mr. 
Satish Gundewar, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We specifically thank the management of CSB Bank for giving YES Securities the 
opportunity to host their result call. The management will first be making some opening 
remarks, after which we will throw the floor open for questions. 
I now invite the management to make their opening remarks. Pralay, over to you. 
Pralay Mondal: 
Thank you, Shivaji and thank you, everybody, for joining the CSB Q2 earnings call. I 
would like to also wish everybody a very happy Navaratri and Durga Pooja. There is 
some sound/music in the background as part of the festivities. Please bear with us for 
this disturbance. 
Coming to our today's call, First, I'll start with a little bit of a macro on the global and 
domestic scenarios and then I will quickly move to CSB specifics. I will keep it short, 
so that we can spend more time on the call in terms of Q&A. 
On the global side, while the inflation has shown signs of some moderation, the 
economic data continues to remain strong, leading to the prospects of current rate cycle 
staying higher for longer. With escalation in geopolitical risks, oil remains in 90s per 
barrel. With elevated interest rates and higher commodity prices, global growth is 
forecasted to get slower from 3.5% in 2022 to 3.0% in 2023 and 2.9% in 2024. 
On the domestic side, in contrast to the global trends, the economic activities exhibit 
resilience on the back of strong domestic demand. With the start of busy festival season, 
the demand for currency is likely to remain strong. RBI has projected the growth at 6.5% 
for the year and kept their commitment to bring inflation to 4%. 
Added to that, on the backdrop of the volatility of the global factors like rates, currencies 
and commodities; the liquidity in the system is likely to remain in deficit. The currency 
in circulation, is expected to be slightly higher. In view of that, we expect the liquidity 
challenges as well as elevated deposit rates for a while. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 3 of 21 
Coming to CSB specifics, overall performance on both top line and bottom line was good 
on a Y-o-Y basis. Highlights of the performances are improved profitability, with net 
profit of INR 265 crores for H1 FY '24, up by 13% from H1 FY '23. Q2 FY '24 PAT is 
at INR133 crores, 10% increase over Q2 FY '23. Operating profit witnessed a growth of 
14% on a half yearly Y-o-Y basis. Q2 FY '24 is up by 11% over Q2 FY '23. 
We have a provisioning buffer of more than INR170 crores over and above the regulatory 
requirements. Despite the margins are under pressure for most of the banks in a highly 
volatile market, we could maintain a NIM of 5.12% for the half year ended 30/09/23. 
For Q2, it is a tad lower at 4.84%. However, I am confident that our NIM has bottomed 
out in this quarter and as per our plan, we should be able to report a NIM higher than 5% 
on a full-year basis. 
On a sequential basis, while cost of deposits increased from 5% to 5.22%, yield on 
advances declined from 11.18% to 10.88%; we are, though, confident that we should be 
able to arrest this decline in the coming quarters. Healthy ROA of 1.76% for H1 FY '24 
and 1.73% for Q2 FY '24 annualized. On the liability side, we are improving the funding 
base. We have recorded a deposit growth of 21% Y-o-Y as against the industry growth 
of around 13% and CASA growth of 4% Y-o-Y. 
On the asset side, we have a net advance growth of 27% Y-o-Y, where as industry has 
grown by around 15% Y-o-Y, if we don't consider the HDFC merger. Gold loan portfolio 
registered a growth of 32% Y-o-Y.  Portfolio build-up has happened across all the 
sectors. Now we have more balanced growth trends across all the franchise, be it  retail, 
gold, SME and wholesale; which will sustain now and actually grow. Yields on advances 
for H1 FY '24 is at 11.04%, with an improvement of 34 basis points from H1 FY '23. 
On the asset quality matrices, we have some good news with stable ratios -GNPA of 
1.27%, NNPA of 0.33%, PCR of 75% without write-off and 92% with technical write 
offs. We have a prudential provisioning policy in excess of RBI requirements. SR 
portfolio is fully provided, which we communicated before. 
On the capital base, we have a CRAR of 23.96%, almost 24% and a low proportion of 
risk-weighted assets compared to the industry. On the shareholder value creation, our 
intent is to maximize the wealth of shareholders, fructified with attractive EPS, book 
value per share, ROA and ROE. Book value per share has reached INR191, which has 
shown consistent growth quarter-on-quarter. Our EPS & ROE is INR 30.51 and 17.08% 
respectively as on 30.09.2023 on a half yearly basis. 
In conclusion, I would like to reaffirm that our endeavour has always been to deliver 
consistently and create a compounding growth story. The quarter gone by is no 
exception. We have done well in both top line and bottom line parameters. On the top 
line, while the advances and the deposits grew by 15% and 13% Y-o-Y in the industry, 
our growth is higher by more than 50% at 27% and 21%, respectively. This is exactly in 
tandem with what I told in my previous call also that our endeavor is to grow 50% faster 
than the system. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 4 of 21 
Gold loan portfolio grew by more than 30% Y-o-Y. Due to systemic liquidity challenges, 
deposit growth has come at a slightly elevated cost. CASA growth has remained muted, 
which is true for the industry as well. As communicated earlier, our cost-to-income has 
remained elevated due to significant investments we are making. As this investment 
starts paying back in terms of operating leverage, our cost-to-income ratio will start 
tapering from FY '25 and should go down below 50% by FY '30. 
On the other front, we are taking rapid strides in strengthening the building blocks that 
will help us in leveraging our full-service banking license and build a 360-degree pan-
India franchise across wholesale, SME, retail and gold loan business. 
Our primary focus is to build a solid liability franchise by acquiring quality customers 
and onboarding them with all banking products and services. We are significantly 
investing in leadership, people, distribution products while transforming the technology 
stack to provide our valued customers our good service and the 360-degree banking 
facility. 
In short, I would like to say that while every quarter, we will deliver the numbers what 
we are delivering, but the bigger picture for us is our SBS 2030 Vision and how we are 
sustainably and consistently moving towards that vision step-by-step and so far, we are 
completely on track in line with the milestones that  we have set for ourselves. 
With that, I stop here, and we can start the Q&A session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sir, my first question is around the yield on advances, which sequentially declined 30 
bps. So is it to do with the rise in gold NPA and the related interest reversal? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Mona, you have asked the right question that yield has come down a little bit, and that 
is primarily because of gold loans. In the last quarter, you would know that the gold 
prices have started dropping. To manage the risks, we took some measures like product 
alignment, LTV management, exit strategy of some customers with higher LTVs etc. 
This helped us in managing customers who were enjoying LTVs, higher than our comfort 
level. Given that perspective, our overall portfolio looks very good now in terms of risk 
parameters. 
After that, because of the Israel war and things like that, gold prices have gone up again. 
This further added to our comfort and we are adding more business now. But again, we 
are very careful because of the uncertainties in higher gold prices, given that global US 
yield is almost at 5%, dollar index is where it is now and our bond yields are also higher. 
Given all these perspectives, we are not willing to take that kind of a bet, saying that let's 
go all out and book this business at this kind of a price. We have been very cautious and 
conscious on this business. So that's a combination of two, three factors why you are 
seeing what you're seeing. But I think it's a risk averse kind of a mindset, which made us 
do this because I always say that risk comes first and after that, profitability and yields. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 5 of 21 
 
Having said that, I must say that this is a one-time kind of a situation. We have bottomed 
out on NIM and our overall half yearly NIM is around 5.12%. We had committed before 
that our NIM will be above 5% for the year and we should be able to hold on to that 
commitment. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. So while you're saying that you let some of the higher-LTV portfolio go and also 
high-yielding portfolio go, if I look at your reported LTVs and weighted average yields 
of the portfolio on the presentation, both of these have increased. The LTV is at 81% for 
the book, and the weighted average yields are at 11.7%. So what explains that? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Yield on gold loan has come down by around 20 /30 basis points for us. I'll tell you the 
numbers. It was 11.78% last quarter and around 11% this quarter. On a half yearly basis 
it is 11.40%. This will again go up immediately this quarter. On the LTV, as you rightly 
said, if you do a little more detailed calculation and see that what our yield was and what 
our mix was and then kind of compare it with gold prices, which dropped, you will see 
that we have got rid of a lot of higher LTV book from the bank. 
Mona Khetan: 
So basically, this 11.7% number is incorrect on slide 12 of your presentation? 
Satish Gundewar: 
No. Mona, that is a half yearly carrying yield number. We are talking about the actual 
Q2 FY '24 number, which is 11%. On a half yearly average basis, our yield was pretty 
healthy.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Whatever has changed has changed in Q2. Because you know that the gold price has 
dropped in second half of Q2. When you look at H1, it might be that number is correct. 
But when you look at quarter-on-quarter, which I have in front of me, it has come down 
by about 70 basis points. This will again go up this quarter. That is why I am not so 
worried on the NIM and gold loan yields because this was a tactical decision we took, 
which has been taken care of. 
B. K. Divakara: 
This 11.70% of yield, what has been stated in the investor presentation, is the carrying 
yield. So that is why it has been stated at 11.70% and it is reckoned against the 
outstanding balance. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. Got that. Okay. My second question then is around the margins. While you said 
that you'll be able to maintain that 5% or so for the full year. So in that case, we expect 
essentially that the margin should rise here on? 
Pralay Mondal: 
I mentioned that we have bottomed out on our margins. Obviously, cost of funds is sort 
of flattening, but we still don't know if there is some more increase panning out there. 
We believe that in spite of our yield going up now on the retail, on the SME, on the 
wholesale side, things are starting to improve. You will see that our increase in yields 
will be higher than the increase in cost of funds. And hence, our NIM will be higher than 
what it is today. 
Eventually, we will be able to manage our NIM in line with what we had guided, which 
is above 5% for the whole year. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 6 of 21 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. And just one final question. On the non-interest income, there is this INR60 crores 
of other income. What does that pertain to? And yes, and just again on this part, if I look 
at the other income ex of treasury, it's almost 1.9% of your assets, which is close to what 
some of the large banks are making. So is it fair to assume that other income growth will 
slow down  incrementally? 
Pralay Mondal: 
If you remember, Mona, what I said before that one of the critical focus areas for the 
bank will be to have a sustainable fee business focus in the bank. Few years back, we 
used to be below 5% ex-treasury and ex-PSLC. And you must have noticed that this 
quarter also, like last quarter, we didn't take any PSLC income. 
 
Given this perspective, you can assume that whatever fee businesses we are showing, is 
our franchise fee income streams and hence, sustainable and will continue to grow. The 
ratio may be now around 17%, 18%, it may come down or go up a little bit here and 
there. 
 
But broadly, our fee income will continue to sustain in line with the balance sheet growth 
right now because a lot of these are resulting from a pickup in processing fees, insurance-
related businesses, TFX etc. We have put a lot of effort around it, it is starting to show 
results now and it will sustain. There is no one-off in this at all. In fact, one-offs have 
not come, PSLC has not come. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. And just kindly, what is the INR60 crores in the non-interest income, the other 
income part? 
Pralay Mondal: 
It could be including some of the insurance income, liability income, credit cards income 
etc. You know that we have started enhancing our book on the credit card side, which 
we do through the partnerships, and we are earning fee income there. It is a combination 
of a host of granular sustainable compounding growth kind of income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pallavi Deshpande: from Sameeksha Capital. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Just wanted to understand on the deposit growth that it was quite healthy, but just the 
LCR has declined. And so do we see a situation where this limits our loan growth, going 
ahead, the LCR regulation of 100%? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Pallavi, thanks for your question. Deposit growth is, right now, in a systemic challenge 
and we have grown at 21% on a very small balance sheet vis-à-vis overall growth of 
12% to 13% in the system. But this growth has to be managed by 4, 5 ratios in 
consideration viz, NSFR, LCR, CD ratio, CASA ratio and Cost of Funds.  
 
There are five balls in the air constantly when we look at our deposit growth. Funds of 
the bank also has a certain amount of increase coming from CDs, a certain amount of 
refinance, certain amount of deposits and a slight increase on the CASA.  It's a 
combination of all these four. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 7 of 21 
 
Coming to your question, will LCR become a limiting factor, the answer is no because 
we know structurally, there are three or four things which leads to the LCR issue and we 
are monitoring it. In fact, I myself monitor LCR.  Satish also does it on a daily basis. So 
I don't see that becoming a limiting factor. 
 
But if systemic liquidity remains extremely tight, we are also very clear that we don't 
want to increase our cost of funds beyond a point. I said before that, I will not sacrifice 
growth for NIM. But at the same time, we also can't have a situation where we'll buy 
liability business; that we will never do. 
 
Will give you an example where you can validate that. Our SA rates still are below 3%; 
which shows that we are not in the business of buying liability. We will continue to grow 
and on a smaller balance sheet, we can do that. 
 
As we create our overall franchise, there will be automatic growth on the liability side. 
To that extent, when our CD ratio is almost 87.5%, we also have to have our deposit 
growth which is closer to the asset growth, and we'll sustain that. Hence you are right; 
deposit growth will decide our asset growth as well. 
Pallavi Deshpande: 
Sir, just taking that one step forward, the loan growth, we will be maintaining the CD 
ratio here now, if that's what you're saying then? 
Pralay Mondal: 
We will try to keep CD ratio within 90%. We have been able to do that so far and we 
hope that we'll be able to maintain that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
First of all, congratulations on a fantastic half year. Sir, my question is more to do with 
the industry, if you could just help paint the picture for me. So we hear that even some 
of the large banks like HDFC Bank is adding a lot of branches and trying to get more of 
the retail business and so is another bank like IDFC bank and so on. 
 
So in such a situation, could you just tell us, sir, what is the kind of competition that 
you're seeing in the segment that you are operating, like SME, wholesale and even retail? 
So how is the competition? Are we targeting a different set of customers than these other 
banks? Could you just help paint the picture for me, sir? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Thank you very much for the question. I think the larger banks like HDFC  - we are not 
competing with such large banks . But there is always a sweet spot for everybody if they 
know how to execute the strategy. That's how all big banks have become big. They were 
not big day one. People have become big over a period of time. Every bank has started 
like this and then gradually started playing in the mainstream. 
 
For us, the first principle which is our Board guidance as well as our management 
philosophy is that we are in the business of taking risk, but we are in the business of 
bringing the money back of the risk we take. If we have any doubt anywhere that we'll 
not be able to get the money back, we don't do that business. Basically, net-net, what it 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 8 of 21 
means is we are extremely risk averse to a point, number one. Anywhere we see a risk, 
we don't do that business, as simple as that. 
 
But our balance sheet size is relatively small. So our opportunities are also small. But 
within that balance sheet size, a percentage growth, there is enough scope. Considering 
the kind of distribution, the kind of opportunities which are there in India, HDFC or SBI 
Kotak or Axis cannot reach everywhere, all the time. There is always a scope, and we 
have to be at the right place at the right time. And hence, we have to find our sweet spots, 
that's what we are doing. 
 
Third point is branch distribution, yes, there is branch distribution, which I always said 
is going to be key for banking in India. Finally, I think there's a realization that between 
digital and physical, both are very important. Digital augments physical distribution. 
That's why I fundamentally believe that branch distribution is required, especially as you 
go into deeper geography. 
 
In the main markets, even for wealth management, and such other businesses, presuming 
you are asking an industry question, banks need distribution. We are not into wealth 
management ourselves, but I have done that business before. You need that kind of a 
presence in metro markets. As we go into deeper geography, the Bharat banking, 
whichever way you call it, micro finance or Agri kind of businesses, you'll need your 
distribution. 
 
We are not doing niche banking in terms of products and we will do everything. But we 
will be finding our sweet spots where we think that we can give the right service to the 
right customer and the customer segment, which is probably not getting the kind of 
attention which they deserve in larger banks vis-à-vis what we can give. The number of 
walk-ins that happens in our branches is much lesser than in some of the other banks, 
which you're talking about. And hence, the personal attention we can give is probably 
much better. We may not have all the services today the way they can give, but some of 
the customers need personal attention, which we can give better. We are trying to find 
out which are the things which we can do much better. 
 
SME, for example, which are the industries, which are the kind of locations, what kind 
of solutions we can provide, which some of the larger banks may not have the time or 
the bandwidth because they're doing much larger businesses. But what we don't do is we 
don't take any risk, and we are also elevating the quality of the portfolio on both the asset 
and liability side. So average balances are going up in our bank. 
 
On the acquisition side, the quality of acquisition is improving and clearly, our growth 
in value is faster than the growth in number of accounts. Some of those parameters start 
showing up. We have built businesses like this in various banks before, so we know what 
to do and so far, we are on track. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 9 of 21 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Thank you for that explanation. Sir, I just have a specific question. Could you just give 
me some example of the segment or the niches where you can operate, but a larger bank 
would not find it profitable to operate? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Most of our management team here have worked in larger banks and a fairly large 
portfolio they have handled. So we know that it's not a question of segment. It's a 
question of which customer gets what attention in which kind of a bank because when 
you have much larger set of customers to address, some of the customers may not get 
that attention which they will get in our kind of a bank because our branch managers, 
our relationship managers and our customer service officers are a little more focused. 
 
I will answer it in a very different way. But when you look at our customer pyramid, our 
customer pyramid is different to a customer pyramid of bank A, different to a bank B, 
different to a bank C.  By FY '25, our customer pyramid will be very different to what it 
will be at FY '27 than our customer pyramid will be in FY '30.  Defining this pyramid is 
very important because if I pick up a customer, who is at the higher end of the pyramid 
of HDFC Bank, he may not stay with me. We are finding those sweet spots, which are 
premium for me but at the mid kind of a segment for any of these banks. That is good 
enough for me to start with because then if I can do life cycle banking with these 
customers, as we grow and build our kind of other products and services, which we are 
doing, then it will help us. 
 
I said before that our new core banking, we are just starting to implement any time next 
month onwards. LMS, LOS, Corporate net banking; we have done. I am just talking 
about the entire tech stack which you're building around the kind of products and 
services, transaction banking, SME, supply chain, CMS etc. 
 
These things which we are doing, which eventually attract the right set of customers to 
us. Ultimately, I'll say that service, attention to detail, the attention to customers and 
being closer to customers is something which we can do, which maybe for this segment 
of customers, the bigger banks don't have the bandwidth to do. That's what we have 
chosen as our sweet spot. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Got it, sir. And if I may ask one more question. Sir, so as you're opening, let's say, 100 
branches every year and you're going into geographies where they may not be familiar 
with the CSB Bank, do you have to raise the deposit rate to attract customers? I know 
you said that you will not buy liabilities. But my question is to attract customers in new 
geographies, do you have to raise rates, to keep market value or something? 
Pralay Mondal: 
In comparison with various organizations I've worked in, say Wipro, HDFC Bank etc, 
pricing is not our strategy though Yes Bank was slightly different because we created a 
brand there with  7% on the savings, not that it was my strategy. I never believe in pricing 
as a way to attract a customer because then, that's not the way to build a franchise; 
because if I give 5%, somebody else will give 6%, somebody else will give 7%, they 
will go away.  I don't believe in pricing as a strategy. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 10 of 21 
 
At the same time, we have to be competitive in the market. We have to be at par with 
whom we are competing with. If you look at our rate chart, we do not believe, either on 
the asset side or on the liability side, to play the pricing game out there. 
 
Because in a sales situation, what happens is the sales guys gravitate naturally towards 
the lowest or highest kind of price, depending on whether you're talking about assets or 
liabilities. Once you open it up to the sales channel, then there is no control. So I do not 
believe in pricing as a strategy. 
 
We'll always believe in execution, service, products, delivery etc and these kind of things 
are going to create our brand over a period of time. I don't think or like to have pricing 
as a tool to build a  brand for the bank 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prabal from AMBIT. 
Prabal: 
My first question is sequentially, we saw growth being driven by gold loans. What then 
explains 12% sequential growth in risk weighted assets? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Can you just be a little louder? Risk-weighted assets growth, you're saying, is it? 
Prabal: 
Yes. I'm saying that credit risk-weighted assets grew by 12% sequentially, whereas the 
loan growth is being driven by gold loan, primarily. So why there is a sharp increase in 
all of this?  
Pralay Mondal: 
If you look at it, while the mix has broadly remained the same, gold loan has remained 
around 47%, the mix has gone down slightly on the wholesale side, has gone up slightly 
on the retail side -- on the mix side, and SME has almost remained the same. 
What it means is and if you look at the growth, for the first time, as I said before, all the 
4 segments have grown. I think wholesale has grown by 17%. SME has grown by, I 
think, 22%, if I remember it correctly. Retail has probably grown by 38-40%, and the 
gold loan has grown by 32%. 
To that extent, for the first time, some other businesses are growing faster than the gold 
loans. It's just that their quantum is lower, their base is low. That's why still, gold loan 
mix has not changed. As and when this quantum starts getting bigger and the momentum 
starts picking up say by FY 25, you will see the gold loan mix starting to go down. 
Given this scenario, and given that some of the risk weights on the SME and on the retail 
side is slightly higher, some basis points change could have happened on the overall risk 
weights. Satish, do you want to add to that? 
Satish Gundewar: 
Prabal, if you see, our capital usage is very limited because my RWA to my assets is 
always in the range of 43%, 45%. So year-on-year, my balance sheet has grown and 
accordingly increase in RWA and capital consumption 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 11 of 21 
Prabal: 
My question is more on a sequential basis. What I'm saying is that gold loan has RWA 
of 0%. And since the growth was primarily driven by gold loans, so why was there an 
increase in RWA on sequential basis? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Growth was not primarily driven by gold loans actually. Our retail growth was faster 
than gold loans.  Wholesale  and SME segment growth was also higher. 
This is actually the first quarter where gold loan didn't drive the growth on its own.  Gold 
loan growth was very close to the bank's total advance growth. 
Prabal: 
Okay.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Sequentially, gold loan grew by 5%. SME grew by 8%, Retail grew by 6%. If you look 
at it, gold loan growth was actually lower than two or three other segment growth 
sequentially. That's what the point I made in the first question that we took a conscious 
call of not growing the gold loan as we did previously and we actually exited a lot of our 
gold loan, which are slightly on the higher LTV side. 
Prabal: 
Okay. My second question is just a clarification. So you said that we have INR170 crores 
of contingent provisions.  
Pralay Mondal: 
INR170 crores of provisions.  I'll explain that. Before that, one more point I wanted to 
say; we could build a credit card portfolio of INR171 crores and this also would have 
eaten up some amount of risk weights out there because some of these are unsecured 
credit.  
On this INR170 crores, INR106 crores is COVID provisions as we used to call it before. 
Now we have called it additional provision. This is in excess of the regulatory provisions. 
We have given the break up in the presentation.  
 I'll tell you the breakup now. NPA provision, as against the regulatory provisions, we 
have an excess provision of INR67 crores. Others is INR106 crores, which used to be 
the  COVID provision before. Total is at INR173 crores. Net of tax of INR43 crores, it 
comes to around INR130 crores. This is the point you are talking about. 
Prabal: 
Okay. And the INR107 crores COVID provision, these are not earmarked against any 
specific assets? 
Pralay Mondal: 
COVID is gone. Now internally, we have created a policy that these are earmarked 
against certain accounts and as and when those accounts are gone, then we can use this 
for something else. It is  very easy to immediately take it into the P&L, but we somehow 
believe that we need to keep slightly higher provisions as a conservative process. 
That's why though the COVID related risk was gone, we didn't want to take it back into 
our P&L. We just wanted to keep this provision in the system and as per our statutory 
auditors approval, we have taken it as other provisions. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 12 of 21 
Prabal: 
Understood. The next question was on the reconciliation of cost of term deposits. So the 
reported cost of term deposit is 6.5%. But if we see bank's website, then offering rate on 
1-year and 2-year term deposit is just 5.5%. So why is there such a disconnect? 
Pralay Mondal: 
I didn't fully get your question, but I think I've got a flavor of what you're saying because 
there's some disturbance in your voice. I'll tell you what is happening on term deposits. 
Most of the term deposits, which are now coming for 1-year or 1 year plus kind of a 
tenor, nothing is coming below 7.5%, and some are around 8 to 8.1%.  That's where term 
deposit costs are headed to and repricing also gets impacted based on various things. 
Based on that, what you are seeing is cost of term deposits has gone up to, 6.43% in Q2.  
It was 6.21% in Q1, 5.93% in Q4, 5.24% in Q3 and Q2, it was 5.18%. Overall, there is 
roughly, 125 basis points increase in term deposits cost. This aspect, you can divide it 
into two parts: One is repricing, and one is incremental term deposit costs. 
We are growing term deposits by almost 30% and this growth is coming at a cost, which 
is at least 200 basis points higher than what used to be there in Q2 FY 23 ie, from  5% 
to 5.5% it has gone up to  7.5% to 8%. So there is a 200 to 250 increase. For the whole 
industry, incremental term deposit cost compared to 1 year back is at least 200 bps more.  
Given that this is not our exclusive story, this is the industry story as well. As we are 
operating in the ecosystem, naturally we are mirroring what is happening in the system. 
Prabal: 
Okay. So would it be fair to assume that the cost of term deposit would be, for us, at 
maybe 7% or 7.25%. So there is funding available at another 60 to 70 basis points more? 
Pralay Mondal: 
My belief is that typically, this is our franchise I'm talking about. We have seen our 
renewals. We have like every other bank does, introduced special buckets and things like 
that to ensure that renewals are not getting impacted. Our renewal rate is very high and 
such funds are coming at reasonable rates.  It is higher because even that rate charts are 
also higher, they renew at the same tenors, and they are granular. 
To that extent, a lot of these deposits will renew at higher but not at this kind of high 
rates. This also depends on where G-Sec yield goes, liquidity situation goes etc and in 
case we see that by the end of this year, hopefully, the 10-year G-Sec is closer to 7% to 
7.25%, somewhere in between, then I don't see how this will significantly go up. 
I think we are almost there by and large, maybe another 10, 15, 20 basis points. 
Otherwise, we are almost there in terms of term deposit cost, is my view. Also, the yield 
curve is flattening, I mean, shorter term rates are going up more than longer term, which 
creates volatility. But if managed well, on a smaller balance sheet cost of deposits can 
be managed better provided eventually longer term bond yields starts going down in the 
next two quarters.  That does not take the deposit costs up. What it does is create volatility 
in the deposits. 
But if eventually, we think that the G-Sec is going to flatten, to start tapering down after 
this financial year, then that will not matter in terms of the deposit pricing. Given all this 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 13 of 21 
logic, I think unless the global situation changes and overall U.S. G-Sec, as you said, 
goes from 5% to 6% or something like that, I don't see this going up too much. 7% is out 
of question. 
Prabal: 
Okay. Can I ask one more question? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Yes, yes. 
Prabal: 
Okay. Sir, on LTV at 81%, and if I compare this to other regional banks who are 
operating at 65% to 67% LTV, so I understand that we are focusing on gold, so we are 
taking slightly higher. But compared to the other regional banks, this is significantly 
higher than what they are operating. Any thoughts there? 
Pralay Mondal: 
You're talking about gold loans? 
Prabal: 
Yes, gold loans, gold loans LTV. 
Pralay Mondal: 
I don't know who is operating at 60% or 65%. I know most of them are 70% and above 
and some are even higher than us. I track it.  
Having said that, it is a function of the share of agri portfolio and non-agri portfolio in 
your book. As per regulation, non-agri portfolio has to be below 75%, and we are well 
below 75% out there. On agri also, we have kept a limit of 85% and we will not go 
beyond 85% in terms of LTV. 
While you are seeing an elevated 81% LTV which used to be 78% for me only one or 
two month back.  At this point of time we took the call that we don't want to go beyond 
this and hence let's get some of this portfolio out of the system. If I calculate my LTV 
now, it will be much lower because the gold prices have gone up. It's a sensitivity 
analysis one has to do. 
Given all this, it's a function of how we are doing the business, what is the Agri portfolio 
etc. Agri portfolio contributes to PSLC income and gives a better earning. There is a lot 
more rigor in that because you cannot just classify agri without getting the right 
documentation, without gauging the scale of finance, without getting our unit cost, 
without getting the crop cycle etc 
There is a lot of operating cost in doing this business, it's not easy. Just because we want 
to do more agri business, that does not mean it just happens like that. As  we have been 
in this business for a while, we understand all this. I think we are able to manage this 
much better. This is a very clear strategy for us, and it gives us also benefits in terms of 
PSLC and other income. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Shivaji Thapliyal from YES Securities. Over 
to you sir. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
Yes. So I have one broad question, and perhaps there are essentially four related sub 
questions in that. So firstly, I wanted to understand the perspective, asset quality 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 14 of 21 
evolution. Right now, the bank is gold loan focused, so credit costs are obviously 
extremely low. I mean it's next to nothing. 
But just wanted to firstly understand the slippages in this particular quarter, what was 
the segmental contribution? I mean, which segments they emerged from? That's number 
one. And what is the slippage guidance for the future? And what is the credit cost 
guidance for the future, basically? So that's one. 
And also secondly, in terms of growth, we are piloting a lot of retail segments. So where 
are we on that? And what will be the growth guidance as a consequence for FY '24 and 
'25?  
Thirdly, if you could comment on the yield of the businesses and fourthly, on the opex 
evolution as well? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Great set of questions. Let me try and answer one-by-one, and I'd request Satish to add 
whatever things he wants to add. 
On the slippages, mostly it is on the gold loan side.  Other than that, it's broadly in line 
with where it has been in the previous quarters. Gold loan slippages eventually does not 
lead to the credit loss, based on our historic experience, because you have the metal with 
you and you recover. 
To that extent, our past experience is that it doesn't bother us too much. But broadly the 
gold loan slippage was slightly higher than last quarter. 
The second question is on overall NPA and how do you see the credit cost. I agree that 
we have a negative 15 basis points credit cost this quarter also. I keep wondering how 
long will we be on negative because this is not real. In my previous commentary, I had 
said that we will be between 10 to 20 basis points on the higher side this year. From the 
next year onwards, we are making it a 40 to 50 basis points credit cost estimate when we 
are at a full franchise level. 
I think that's what we have baked into our P&L and in our projections until FY 2030. So 
long term, our thinking is that our gross NPA will be below two percent, net will be 
below one percent, and credit cost will be between 40 to 50 bps. That is what our FY 
2030 guidance is and we hold on to that. But I am not complaining that we are 1.27% in 
gross and 0.33% in net npa and minus 0.15% in net credit cost. But this is too good to be 
true. It will mirror the business mix eventually. 
Coming to your question on segmental growth and opex cost and things like that, I'll take 
the opex cost first because that's very important. 
For us, I look at cost as cost and investment as two different items, but Satish will take 
both the same because they both comes as hit to the bottom line from a cost perspective. 
But the difference is cost is something which is instantly gone, and investment is 
something which will give us long-term returns. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 15 of 21 
A large part of our cost-to-income escalation is primarily happening because of 3, 4 lines: 
One is technology. The largest investment is happening in technology. As I said before, 
in our bank, we'll have nothing what we had 3 years back in technology, and we are 
taking the latest and the best technology in everything which we're doing. Technology 
will give us operating leverage and that will help us in reducing our cost-to-income over 
a period of time. 
Second part is leadership, people, distribution, and processes.  There also our attempt is 
to get the best in the market to ensure the scaling of business in line with our vision. 
These are investments what we are making and eventually, it will pay off as the portfolio 
starts growing. 
Third, of course, are natural costs, like the HR cost and other opex which will happen. 
The third angle on the people side is that we need customers. We don't have enough 
customers to build sustainable long-term liability franchise. Ultimately, a bank is more 
about liability than assets. So there, we are investing significantly in terms of acquisition 
machinery.  
Along with that, of course, we are also building things like contact centers, outbound 
contact centers, VRM channels and things like that. That is something which we are 
thinking like a bigger bank. We are small now, but we are aspiring to be a bigger bank 
and investing into this. 
Coming to products, as I said before, we are not looking at becoming a niche 
organisation. I am very clear on this. We will be a larger bank  and on wholesale, we 
wont be focusing on large corporates immediately, but we will be in the mid-market to 
emerging corporates because that's where we can play. In SME, we will be focusing on 
large tickets as well. 
Gold loan will continue to sustain because this is a good business to be in, but it cannot 
really scale as much it is scaling at a  25,000, 30,000 Cr balance sheet. When you make 
it 250,000 Cr balance sheet, then gold loan cannot be obviously at that kind of a scale, 
right, because it's not possible. It's not a scalable business like wholesale, SME and retail. 
These 3 segments will scale and gold will continue to sustain along the way and do its 
own contribution. 
 
The fourth point, which you didn't ask, but I want to upfront it on a strategic basis. While 
we are saying that we'll open 100 branches every year, but I'm thinking slightly different.  
I mean a lot of our branches are just doing only gold loans because of historic reasons. 
Actually, we can make two branches of the same branch just by making one part gold 
and one part other businesses. With more centralisation of operations, this can be 
executed smoothly. Just adding some right people and adding some businesses in 
existing branches; I can leverage my branches to almost 2x. So that itself will also bring 
down my operating cost and cost-to-income. I am starting to think strategically on those 
lines now and execute it once our technology stack and product suite is fully ready.  

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 16 of 21 
 
None of this will happen overnight. None of this is happening next quarter. But all this 
will happen FY '25 onwards. The blueprint is in play, just waiting for the technology to 
deliver. That's broadly the three, four responses to your questions, Shivaji. 
Shivaji Thapliyal: 
Yes. But just some incremental numbers. I mean what would be, a, the growth guidance 
for FY '24 and possibly, FY '25? And what will be the cost to assets? Secondly, in '24, 
'25, -- '24 as well as '25? And I think you already talked about credit cost. Yes, I think 
these two numbers … 
Pralay Mondal: 
Yes, I'll give you some perspective. On growth, I have already said and I have been 
saying consistently, banking is about consistency. I have been consistently saying that 
we will continue to grow 50% faster than the system on asset side, of course, if we are 
able to build the liability franchise right. But if our liability franchise cannot support that, 
maybe we will grow by 45% or 40% faster than the system. 
 
But I think we'll sustain at least for the next two years, easily, 40% to 50% faster growth 
than the system. So that's number one. What is the other question?  On the opex-to-
assets, right? Opex-to-assets is around 4 %.  How much is it right now? 
Satish Gundewar: 
4.12%. 
Pralay Mondal: 
4.12% for this quarter. It is high because of various reasons, including gold loan. This 
portfolio has a lot of good things, but it also has high opex. In wholesale which is the 
lowest opex business, I think we can leverage much more, which we will do.  Opex-to-
assets will come down once our SME and wholesale business starts growing and that is 
also going to help our cost-to-income. So it's a fine balance between how do you want 
to do. I'm not in a hurry right now from our opex-to-assets ratio because gold loan is 
giving me the highest return. 
 
I must add that opex-to-assets will come down once I have other franchise, which allows 
you to cross-sell multiple products to the same customer and start creating the semblance 
of our business. We will take another two years, three years to get into wealth business. 
But once we're able to do that, that's the time you will see that opex-to-asset starts coming 
down because here, people will be a lot more productive in the branches with relationship 
manager and all that. 
 
For this to happen, we need the technology and the products first. Maybe it will happen 
by FY '25 onwards. That's why I said before that my cost-to-income will start showing 
a glide path towards 50% and below only from FY '25 onwards. It's a very well-planned 
and well kind of articulated structure which we have created for the next seven years. 
And so far, we are on track on each of these. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat Capital. 
Mona Khetan: 
Just to follow-up, so can I have the interest reversal from the interest income in Q2 and 
the previous quarter as well versus Q1? 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 17 of 21 
Pralay Mondal: 
Don’t think we put it in public domain. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So just digging a little bit more into the yield and LTV to the gold portfolio that 
we discussed earlier, so while you're saying that the yields in LTV quoted in the PPT are 
that of H1 and not Q2 particularly, still, if I compare it with the last quarter, yields have 
increased from, say, 11.64% to 11.7%. So if this quarter, yields have fallen so 
substantially, the average yield for H1 should have been ideally declined. Now why is 
this increasing? And similarly with LTV as well. 
Pralay Mondal: 
I didn't understand. I said that Q1 to Q2, yield has declined, right? 
Mona Khetan: 
Correct. But the PPT says, it has increased.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Wherever we didn't want to keep the higher LTV high-yielding gold loans, we exited. 
We didn't want to do all that last quarter.  Since I was worried that if gold price falls 
further, then we will get into a 90% kind of bracket. We did the alignment this quarter. I 
couldn't guess that the gold prices will not fall any more, I couldn't know that there will 
be geopolitical crisis. So we did that. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure. But what I'm trying to understand is why are the data in the Q1 versus Q2 PPT not 
reconciling with what you're saying because the yields are actually increasing. So is it 
fair to say that there's something incorrect with the data we have in the latest PPT? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Where are you seeing this data, Mona? I'm seeing in front of me, the yield of gold loan 
has dropped 
Mona Khetan: 
It's on slide 12. I'm on slide 12. 
Mona Khetan: 
So I'm seeing yields of 11.7% on gold loan and LTV of 81%.  
Satish Gundewar: 
That a carrying yield, Mona. There's a difference between a portfolio yield and a carrying 
yield. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. 
Satish Gundewar: 
Portfolio yield is what is realized in your P&L already, whereas carrying yield is what is 
the portfolio that I'm holding today and what is the carrying yield for that. So that is more 
of a futuristic insight. Portfolio yield is what is actually baked in the numbers. 
Mona Khetan: 
So when you say carrying yield, does it mean incremental yield that you're offering 
currently on average? 
Satish Gundewar: 
Carrying yield says that suppose I have given a loan today, say, on 30th of September, 
okay? That wouldn't have given me any returns in my P&L because it's just a one day. 
It is the aggregation of all the loans which are there in my book and the yield that is 
mapped against each of these loans. That is the process of carrying yield.  

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 18 of 21 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So the yield you're quoting here in the PPT is not a reflection of the weighted 
average yields in your portfolio? 
Satish Gundewar: 
That is a carrying yield. There's a difference.  
Pralay Mondal: 
Portfolio yield is 11% for Q2 
Satish Gundewar: 
Portfolio yield, we already told that in Q2, our gold loan yield was 11%, and Q1 was 
about 11.78%. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. And can you share the LTV likewise? 
Satish Gundewar: 
LTV, I think, it is 81%Pralay Mondal: Currently, it will be lower. But may be at quarter 
end, it was around 80%. 
Mona Khetan: 
Yes. So again, I mean, since you have given away probably higher LTV portfolio, the 
LTV should ideally decline, right? But from Q1 to Q2, it's increasing from 77% to 81%. 
Pralay Mondal: 
No, maybe it's not an LTV issue. I am not looking at just LTV, I am looking at the 
portfolio which we don't want to carry. Since you are asking that question, let me tell 
you. 
 
LTV say could be in the range of 75 to100%.  My intent would be to exit the account 
where I have discomfort. That may not bring down your LTV.  I may not have a problem 
with 80% LTV, but I may have a problem with a 95% LTV. 
Mona Khetan: 
Right. So if 95% you're doing away with, then your average portfolio LTV will ideally 
come down, right? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Something else could have come at 80% because these are short-term businesses. We 
can share that number with you. Mona, what has happened is that the gold loan asset 
portfolio is also increasing. While I am getting rid of, say, a high LTV kind of portfolio, 
I'm also underwriting new. 
 
Constantly something is going on and something is coming in. So what business would 
have come in, that could have some loans at 80%. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sure, got that. But just a request on the yield side, if you could share the average portfolio 
LTV, that would be useful. 
Secondly, I just wanted to double check on the segmental loan book that you share across 
SME, gold, corporate and retail. So while you mentioned, yes, just a reconciliation. So 
while you mentioned that SME has grown by 8% Q-on-Q, the number when I compare 
it with last quarter, it has actually de-grown. So is there some sort of reconciliation in 
numbers or something or where am I going wrong? 
Pralay Mondal: 
SME has grown year-on-year by 22%. That's what I said. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 19 of 21 
Mona Khetan: 
Correct. 
Pralay Mondal: 
It is around, what, 11% of the whole portfolio, right? 11% or 12%, something like that.  
Mona Khetan: 
So I remember you having said that sequentially, SME book has grown. Last quarter, it 
was at INR 2527 Cr as per your PPT. And this quarter, it's at INR 2377 Cr. So according 
to me, it has de-grown, is that a fair understanding? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Which page you are talking about? 
B. K. Divakara: 
Whatever you have seen in the investor presentation of last quarter, that is inclusive of 
prudential write-off amount. This time we have modified the data and we have shown 
the figures net off prudential write-off. That is why it is looking higher last quarter and 
lower this quarter. Actually, it is the net off PWO, this quarter. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. So can I have the SME number, just the SME number for last quarter likewise 
what we have this quarter? 
Satish Gundewar: 
INR 2205 Cr which is a sequential growth of 8%. 
Mona Khetan: 
So it's grown from INR 2205 Cr to INR 2377 Cr 
Satish Gundewar: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Kasturi from Focus Capital. 
Vikas Kasturi: 
In the annual report, I read that CSB Bank would start offering cash management services 
to its retail customers. So could you just throw some light on what would this do for the 
bank? For example, when I say retail, I mean, the retail, the small SME. So does it mean 
that those customers would tend to bank more with our bank? And what is the cost that 
we will incur in this business by offering the service? 
Pralay Mondal: 
All banks do it. The way we're doing it is we are taking a software which will help us in 
getting new customers as well as offering cash management services. It will help us in 
two ways. It will help in getting more current account customers to the bank and 
effectively creating floats and then  the opportunity to do SME business out there. 
 
And the reverse is also right that when we get and talk to SME customers they will work 
more with the bank through all these solutions on the CMS and things like that say 
schools, trusts and all this.  We are considering this as a part of our solution-oriented 
approach. 
 
We have a CMS team which is working on this and this will help us to leverage trusts, 
associations-TASC basically and SME customers to build solutions, which will create 
float, which will also, on a sustainable business, can help us getting not only current 
account but also savings account for some of these institutions as well, like schools and 
things like that, where you give the solutions. 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 20 of 21 
 
Those are the kind of things we have done in previous organizations also. We are going 
to implement here as well and our team is already on the job.   
Vikas Kasturi: 
Right, sir. And the logistics part. 
Moderator: 
I'm really sorry to interrupt you, sir, but due to time constraints, you would have to ask 
your question later. Is that fine? 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Yes. This is just one follow-up question, and I'll be done with it. So, Pralay sir, my 
question was the logistics part is something that the bank would do itself? Or is that 
going to be outsourced, sir? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Logistics when we are talking about people who will be handling the cash? 
Vikas Kasturi: 
Yes. Movement of cash, who will be taking care of that? 
Pralay Mondal: 
That will be outsourced. But the point is that, that is a different kind of a cash 
management. That is a part of the cash management process, but we are talking about 
cash management solutions also.  
 
One is managing cash or handling cash. The second part is cash management solutions, 
which is more from a solution perspective, which is mostly digital and other things. If 
you are talking about pure handling of cash, obviously, that will be outsourced. 
Moderator: 
The last question that we have is from the line of Jai Mundra from ICICI Securities. 
Jai Mundra: 
I have one question only. So on your LTV, just wanted to check if you have any cap 
when you originate a loan or when you start lending relations upon gold loan? Is there 
any cap on the LTV? And does this differ in retail and non-retail gold loan? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Yes. First one  is our regulatory cap, which is 75% for non-agri gold loan. Obviously, 
we follow that norm. Non-agri gold loan will always be 75% or below. For agri, we have 
sort of kept a cap, unless specifically approved by somebody as per delegation metrics, 
as around 85%. 
 
Coming to institutional, I don't know what you mean, but we do have some businesses 
where there are aggregators who also will have some accounts with us; but that business 
is gradually declining in the bank right now. 
Jai Mundra: 
Okay. Understood. Sir, and just on that, so if a customer, let's say, there is a 75% LTV, 
in your retail offering, does all the products are like 12 months bullet product, or you 
also have three months, six months which are... 
Pralay Mondal: 
We have all kinds of tenors say 12months, six months, four months and so on. Three 
months can be cost extensive to do as they'll keep coming back for renewals and all that.  
 
On the LTV, as you said, 75% and 85%, but what typically happens is depending on the 
gold loan prices going up and down, effective LTV at any point of time for a person who 

 
 
CSB Bank Limited 
 
 
October 20, 2023 
Page 21 of 21 
came at 75 also can go up or down slightly. That's a question of conversation with the 
customer to how to regularize that. Those things keeps happening, depending on the gold 
loan prices. 
Jai Mundra: 
Right. So sir, for a 12 months retail gold loan product, what would be the LTV that we 
would start with, right? Because if you add the interest of 10%, 11%... 
Pralay Mondal: 
We consider interest when we talk about LTV. 
Jai Mundra: 
Okay. This is not on the loan given, that is including the interest? 
Pralay Mondal: 
Yes, including the interest applied. LTV calculation is always including the interest. 
Jai Mundra: 
The customer will be getting 10% lower? 
Pralay Mondal: 
He will get 10% lesser. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Pralay Mondal for the closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Pralay Mondal: 
Thank you very much. I think we had a very good interaction and interesting set of 
questions. And it was good that some of this question also challenged us because we had 
to go back to the numbers again-and-again and give back the answers. Hopefully, we 
could satisfy you with our responses. 
 
Thank you very much for your patient hearing. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Mr. Mondal. On behalf of YES Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
