 
 
 
 
 
Shalby/SE/2023‐24/79 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
November 1, 2023 
 
 
 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Mumbai 400 051. 
 
Corporate Service Department   
BSE Limited  
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code : SHALBY  
Scrip Code: 540797 
Through : https://neaps.nseindia.com/NEWLISTINGCORP/   Through : http://listing.bseindia.com 
 
Sub.:  Transcript  of  Earning  Conference  Call  for  Unaudited  Financial  Results  for  quarter  ended 
September 30, 2023 – Reg. 30 of SEBI LODR 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, 
we  are  enclosing  herewith  transcript  of  Post  Earning  Conference  Call  organized  by  Company  on 
October 30, 2023, wherein unaudited Financial Results for quarter ended September 30, 2023 were 
discussed. The said transcript is also being made available in the Investors Section of our website. 
 
We request to take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours sincerely 
For Shalby Limited 
 
 
Tushar Shah 
AVP & Company Secretary  
Mem. No: FCS‐7216 
 
Encl.: Concall Transcript 
 
Shah Tushar 
Dineshchandra
Digitally signed by Shah 
Tushar Dineshchandra 
Date: 2023.11.01 
19:00:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
“Shalby Limited Q2 FY2024 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. GAURANG SAKARE – ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. VIKRAM SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR  
MR. SUSHOBHAN DASGUPTA – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
GLOBAL PRESIDENT  
MR. SHANAY SHAH – PRESIDENT  
DR. NISHITA SHUKLA – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. PARAG AGARAWAL – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER   
MR. AMIT PATHAK – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER   
MR. BABU THOMAS – CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCE OFFICER   
MR. 
PUNEET 
MAHESHWARI 
– 
AGM 
INVESTOR 
RELATIONS AND CORP STRATEGY  
 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 22 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
of Shalby Limited hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now hand the conference 
over to Mr. Gaurang Sakare from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank you and over to 
you, Sir. 
Gaurang Sakare: 
Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and we welcome all the participants to the Shalby 
Limited Q2 FY2024 earnings call hosted by Elara Securities. Today, we have with us the 
senior management representatives from Shalby. We will start with the opening remarks 
from Mr. Sushobhan Dasgupta, Vice Chairman and Global President; and Mr. Parag 
Agarawal, Chief Business Officer followed by a discussion on financial performance by 
Mr. Amit Pathak, Chief Financial Officer. After that, we will open the floor for Q&A for all 
the participants. I will now hand over to Mr. Puneet Maheshwari, for important disclaimers 
regarding any forward looking statements that may be made in today's call. Over to you, 
Puneet. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks, Gaurang. Good morning, everyone. Our earnings presentation is uploaded on the 
Stock Exchange website and our company website shalby.org. We do hope you have 
already had the opportunity to go through the presentation. Please note that some of the 
statements made in today's call may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Kindly refer to Slide #39 of the investor presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Sushobhan Dasgupta, Vice Chairman and 
Global President for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you Sir. 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Thank you, Puneet and good morning, everyone. I am pleased to welcome you all to Shalby 
Limited Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Firstly, we at Shalby would like to 
congratulate Dr. Vikram Shah, Founder, Chairman and Managing Director of Shalby 
Limited who has been awarded the very prestigious Healthcare Personality of the Year 
Award 2023 by FICCI for his extraordinary commitment and incredible work in the field of 
healthcare. This is a very well deserved recognition for Dr. Vikram Shah and Shalby 
Hospitals for the tireless work that he and the entire Shalby team does every minute, every 
hour and every day towards treating every patient with a smile. This is a stupendous 
achievement that makes everyone associated with Shalby, be humbled with a lot of pride 
and gratitude. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Now let me provide you with insights on our performance at Shalby in the second quarter of 
financial year 2024. We have delivered a robust quality performance in Q2. Our hospital 
business has delivered the highest ever EBITDA margin at 26% highest in any quarter so 
far since its inception driven by leveraging operating expenses with increase in self-pay and 
insurance patients year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, that has resulted in higher double 
digit ROC at 23% on an annualized basis. Our hospital business continued its high double 
digit growth spree in the key metrics of inpatient counts and surgery counts growing by 
22% and 14% respectively year-on-year. Hospital business revenue and EBITDA grew by 
22% and 32% year-on-year respectively in Q2. The number of occupied beds increased by 
over 13% year-on-year in Q2 on account of increased volumes hence the occupancy levels 
have reached 54% in the last quarter of this year versus 49% in the last quarter of the 
previous year. 
 
The payer mix has been better with higher self-pay and insurance patients in the second 
quarter of this year as compared to the previous quarter. At Shalby our undivided focus has 
been on demonstrating our clinical excellence through successful execution of many diverse 
critical surgeries in several of our hospital units, a few of them that I could mention here are 
the removal of 1.2 kg uterus along with fibroids by vaginal morcellation at Shalby, Jaipur. 
Successful outcome of a TAVI which is a Trans-Catheter Aortic Valve Implantation 
procedure performed on a very aged patient who was suffering from aortic stenosis since 
past four years at Shalby Indore and saving the life of a premature baby of 27 weeks with 
birth weight of only 800 gram having respiratory distress with the LISA technique which is 
a Less Invasive Surfactant Administration technique using a fine bold catheter into the 
trachea instead of using endotracheal tube in delivering surfactant directly into the lungs. 
 
We also take pride in sharing that we have successfully completed over 275 plus kidney and 
liver transplants at our SG and Indore units till date. Our Home Care Services business 
continued to showcase good performance in Q2, growing by 62% year-on-year with 
revenues of 3.6 Crores and patient count of 7870 that grew by 15% year-on-year basis. 
Additionally, revenue from international business clocked 2 Crores in Q2 though remaining 
flat on a year-to-year basis. I am happy to mention that Shalby has grown its international 
presence in other new geographies like UAE, Oman, Bangladesh and Nepal through forging 
the right partnerships to conduct regular OPD’s and healthcare camps and have plans to 
conduct surgeries in these locations soon. I am very hopeful that these strategic locations 
will help us increase our international hospital revenue significantly very shortly. 
 
As a part of our social commitment, we continue to spread awareness about the importance 
of health and well-being through various social media platforms and created 120 plus 
healthcare videos during the last quarter. We also conducted more than 240 healthcare 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 22 
camps and 90 healthcare talks across all our units during the last quarter as a part of various 
community outreach programs. Shalby also takes pride in nurturing young talent through 
our Shalby Academy vertical with 610 plus students registered in various healthcare 
programs during the last quarter.  
 
I am also happy to declare that our implant business has delivered positive EBITDA in 
quarter two, financial year 2024 because of continuous improvement that is happening 
through process improvements in the production shop floor. We are being able to secure 
much improved production or rather procurement prices from our multiple vendors and we 
now having a tighter control on our operational expenses. The revenue has been a bit soft at 
~Rs.15 Crores in the last quarter being lower than the previous quarter and the similar 
quarter last year and being primarily impacted by the large unanticipated delay in a full 
commercial launch of our UNI Knee, which is branded as TUKS both in the US and in 
India, due to the delay by our external vendors in the manufacturing and supplies of a few 
mandatory critical instruments, without which tough since surgeries cannot be done 
properly. 
 
Unfortunately, there has also been a delay in the launch of several other new products 
including a new total knee brand that is expected to be a blockbuster in India, Indonesia and 
the US as well as our TIN BIN offerings, the titanium niobium nitride offerings which is a 
gold-colored implants for the CKS knee and the TUX UNI Knee. Unfortunately, we have 
also been delayed in the US to launching our line extensions of our existing knee. That has 
been a constant demand from all our US surgeons due to complications in the engineering 
drawing conversions as well as relaunch delay of our porous coated cementless knee in the 
US. The supply and timelines of which have been significantly pushed backed by our two 
external vendors responsible for porous coating. 
 
Our supply chain vows were compounded by further unforeseen delays in producing many 
complicated engineering drawings for both our implants and instruments and thus providing 
quality approvals to many of our third-party vendors who qualified FD auditors in the OUS 
countries. The contribution in sales mix from the US and India accounted for 66% of the 
US and 34% in India in the last quarter. Despite having large orders in the system from 
India and Indonesia. However, these orders should not be fulfilled due to delay in 
manufacturing of the specific lower cost instruments and implants which is so essential to 
serve the lower price markets of India and Indonesia. As part of our continued initiatives to 
educate our surgeons on our production procedures, in the last quarter, we have conducted 3 
virtual training programs over web casts by Dr. Reitman, our designer TUKS knee surgeon 
who is based in Dallas, Texas where more than 30 plus surgeons participated from India, 
Indonesia and US, which has resulted in increased awareness and demand for TUKS. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
We have also started supplying our implants to Indonesia market against the bulk order 
received from that market in the first quarter of financial year 2024. Our core leadership 
team at SAT have fully embraced the top key tactics for strong execution in the next two 
quarters, so as to try and close the current gap to a financial year sales target with a 
definitive single digit positive EBITDA. The key tactics are as follows.  
 
Receipt of the full instrumentation of TUKS in the early third quarter of financial year 2024 
would enable us to go for a full commercial launch in India, Indonesia and the US, which in 
turn would help us increase sales for our UNI Knee which is so badly needed.  
 
Launching our TIN BIN or Titanium Niobium Nitride which is the gold colored CKS and 
TUKS in quarter three and quarter four financial year 2024 that would be used a lot in 
Shalby Hospitals as well as some other large centers in India along with a couple of centers 
in the US. That would fetch larger profits for SAT or Shalby Advanced Technologies. 
 
Accelerating production of our lower cost implants and instruments across multiple vendors 
that would help dramatically improve supplies to clear back orders in our low price markets 
of India and Indonesia. Engaging our prospects KOLs to participate in various virtual and 
face-to-face training and education programs and live surgeries about designer knee hip 
surgeons. I am confident that this would help us tremendously in gaining new surgeons 
confidence and support for our products. 
 
Growing our engineering team with addition of team members in India to accelerate the 
projects that are direct contributors to our growth road map at SAT. If you have understood 
what I have said in the previous paragraph. Our engineering and our supply chain have been 
the biggest bottlenecks. So, we have been proactively trying to solve this by putting up an 
engineering team in India to accelerate these projects.  
 
Continue to strengthen our sales team and add more feet on the ground in the US and in 
India. Create a large social media presence plus initiate a participation in key conferences in 
all our present geographies, executing various models of surgeon engagements.  
 
Enter into new territories which we are very close now in Malaysia, Argentina and Middle 
East countries by the end of financial year 2024, and  
 
Finally, continuously focus on smart procurement and reduce day-to-day operation cost to 
achieve the target of being self-sustainable in due course of time. 
 
We remain confident enough to significantly improve our implant business results through 
accelerating the launch of our new products, winning new accounts, adding new territories 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 22 
and new experienced salespeople, continuously improving operational efficiency and 
furthermore substantially bringing down our procurement and day-to-day operational costs 
to add more towards our operating profits. 
 
With all these key strategies, relentless and ruthless execution will be the key to our success 
soon with having the right people and leadership in place. This in turn will contribute to the 
ongoing creation of sustainable value for all stakeholders at Shalby Limited. Now I hand 
over to Parag Agarawal to discuss our SOCE quarterly performance. Parag over to you. 
Parag Agarawal: 
Thank you so much, Sushobhan, for sharing quarterly developments on hospital and the 
implant business. A very good morning, everyone. I am pleased to inform you that we have 
successfully operationalized Shalby managed SOCE franchise unit at Ranchi, this is a 60- 
bed capacity unit and we operationalized it in the month of August 2023 as promised in the 
first quarter of FY2024. Our SOCE franchise business delivered an adequate performance 
in quarter two FY2024. Total surgeries performed at SOCE units operated and managed by 
us have increased by 116% year-on-year and 31% quarter-on-quarter. Total revenue from 
operated and managed units has increased by 104% year-on-year and 27% quarter-on-
quarter. With this, we have 5 franchisee network hospitals at Ahmedabad, Lucknow, 
Udaipur, Gwalior and Ranchi under Shalby operated and Shalby managed business model. 
 
Our next SOCE unit at Rajkot is on satisfactory progress and is expected to be 
operationalized by end of FY2024. We have been incredibly selective in our choice of 
potential partners from the many inquiries we have received so far to maintain the 
reputation of our strong brand, we follow a clearly defined process and strict criteria when 
making these selections. Looking forward, we have a strong sense of optimism about seeing 
positive developments in the upcoming quarters of this fiscal year. Our primary focus 
remains on utilizing our expertise and excellence in orthopedics with the goal of 
establishing more than 40 Shalby franchise hospitals across India in the next three to four 
years. 
 
Now I would like to hand over to Mr. Amit Pathak, CFO of Shalby Limited to discuss 
Shalby’s quarterly financial performance in more detail. Over to you, Amit. 
Amit Pathak: 
Thanks Parag. Good morning, everyone. I will walk you through the financial performance 
of your company for the second quarter of FY2024. First, I will run you through the 
consolidation performance of the group. 
 
The highest ever consolidated revenue of 243 Crores grew by 17.5% YoY and 1.4% 
quarter-on-quarter basis. Highest ever consolidated EBITDA in any quarter of Rs.58 Crores 
with a 24% margin in Q2 FY2024 and grew at 37% YoY and 22% quarter-on-quarter basis. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 22 
PBT of Rs.42 Crores with 17.5% margin grew by 49% YoY and 29% quarter-on-quarter 
and PAT of 27 Crores with 11.3% margin grew by 50% YoY and 33% quarter-on-quarter. 
The group continued to maintain a very strong balance sheet with a low gearing ratio of 
0.13x and closed quarter with a net cash balance of Rs.70 Crores at group level. 
 
Now I will be running you through the standalone performance of the hospital business. 
Highest ever standalone revenue of 223 Crores grew by 22% YoY and 3.1% on a quarter-
on-quarter basis. EBITDA of Rs.57.5 Crores with 26% margin in second quarter FY2024 
and grew by 32% YoY basis and 15.6% quarter-on-quarter. PBT of 47 Crores with 21% 
margin grew by 41% YoY and 18.3% on quarter-on-quarter basis, and PAT of Rs.30 Crores 
with 13.6% margin grew by 39% YoY and 16% quarter-on-quarter basis. 
 
The payer mix is better with the highest self-pay 35%, insurance is 44% in the second 
quarter of FY2024 as compared to the previous quarter at 33% for the self-pay and 42% for 
the insurance payment. ARPOB and ALOS have also shown excellent improvement at 
36,136 and 3.92 respectively in quarter two FY2024 versus 33,409 and 3.90 in the same 
quarter of the previous year. 
 
At standalone level, again, we continue to maintain a very strong balance sheet with the low 
gearing ratio at 0.02x and closed the quarter with the net cash balance of Rs.163 Crores. 
With that operating leverage kept in, our standalone ROC has improved to 23% in quarter 
two FY2024 on an annualized basis. Our implant business has delivered a positive EBITDA 
in current quarter due to continuous improvement in the operational efficiency and better 
procurement cost. The revenue is at the moderate level of Rs.14.7 Crores in quarter two 
FY2024 versus 16.4 Crores in quarter one FY2024. 
 
Now we can open the floor for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We will 
take the first question from the line of Pinaki Banerjee from AUM Capital Private Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Good morning sir, and thanks for the opportunity. Actually, my first question is that like 
you are now diversifying into other medical illness like cardiology, oncology, etc., and 
neurology. So, two to three years down the line, where do you see the revenue breakup and 
apart from the fact that you had to maintain the leadership with the arthroplasty segment? 
Shanay Shah: 
See I think we continue to grow a higher double digit on both the segments, and we have 
been focusing on multi-specialty for last 15 years now, and 15 years ago we were 100% 
orthopedic and today as we speak we are about 40% arthroplasty and all the other top 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 22 
specialities contribute 60% to the top line. So, among them the big ones for us are 
cardiology, oncology, intensive care, neurology and nephrology. So, as we see the next 3-4 
years, we see that the arthroplasty business has been growing at 18% to 20%. It will 
continue to grow at that pace and some of the other faster growing specialities will continue 
to kind of take a higher market share. So, we will see that orthopedics and arthroplasty will 
kind of settle between 30 and 40% of the top line. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Actually, in the second quarter we find that the surgery count is seeing a month and month 
decline. So actually any particular reason and considering the fact that this Q3 is the season 
of festivity so are you expecting further decline with respective surgery. 
Shanah Shah: 
Yes. I think you should look at it from a year-on-year basis. On a year-on-year basis we 
have grown 15%, on the surgery count and in fact the arthroplasty surgeries have grown at 
18% in this period. So, it is a good performance I would say. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Sir just last question. With this franchisee model on this FOSO and FOSM, according to 
which one is more better in terms of operations and in terms of revenue or profitability? 
Parag Agrawal: 
In both these terms when it comes to the operations model, we recognize the top line 
revenue as well as the profit in our books. When it comes to the managed model, what we 
recognize in our books is only the revenue share we receive. But from a cost perspective our 
cost percentages are very low when it comes to Shalby managed model. It is a give and take 
because the revenue share largely 90% of the revenue share will hit the bottom line. 
Pinaki Banerjee: 
Okay, Sir that is all from my end. Thanks and all the best for the future. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Ca Vikash from Acorntree. 
Please go ahead. 
Ca Vikash: 
Good morning. One thing I want to understand, previously you mentioned this franchise or 
whatever the hospitals is there, it is 50 in the last quarter presentations also. But in this 
quarter presentation you reduce this one is a 40 in the next 2, 3, 4 years. Any specific reason 
to drop out the 10 hospitals? 
Parag Agrawal: 
No particular reason to say that there is a drop when we talked about 50 that was something 
which we mentioned about 2-3 years back. As we scout the market more, we look at that the 
next 3-4 years of 40. When we look at the cities, the potential cities and the growth in the 
cities we look at 40 as a more probable number. But having said that, as we progress 
through the next two to three years and the growth happens and the potential in the Tier 2, 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 22 
Tier 3 town increases, this will be an endeavor which will not stop at 40. This will continue. 
So, as we progress through you will see more and more coming. 
Ca Vikash: 
But the Shalby’s major hospital and major franchises in the western and the northern part as 
compared to the southern region and eastern region like any specific reason, this one is 
because you are more present in the Gujarat, Rajasthan and MP. But any specific reason 
you are not exploring the presence in the Eastern and the southern part. 
Parag Agrawal: 
So we started our operations with the Ranchi was our first unit on the Shalby managed 
model in Eastern part in August. We will continue to explore the eastern and southern part. 
We must realize that before going into a particular region you need to put through a hub 
kind of model where you have to operationalize the unit also it is not just about getting into 
a city and opening up a unit, you have to look at how do you operationalize. So having a 
hub and spoke kind of model, let us say east will be far more in focus where we will have 
few more units and as we have more units, the operational efficiencies of those units will be 
better. 
Shanay Shah: 
Also, I will add there, in fact we have been conducting our outpatient clinics in Eastern part 
and the Southern part since the last 15 years now. So, all the major cities have been covered 
by Shalby and we get for orthopedics and for arthoplasty there are patients coming from 
most of the major towns in the South and the East as well. So, we are a well-recognized 
brand nationally, internationally for orthopedics. 
Ca Vikash: 
Understand, but whatever last statement is there, you create the hub and spoke model. But 
this Ranchi is the spoke model, right now. You have not created any kind of the hub is there 
in the eastern part. 
Parag Agrawal: 
See, you will not be able to create a hub and spoke on day one. You start with one and then 
you create the entire hub. So, it is the first one in the eastern part of the country, which is 
Ranchi. Now Ranchi as you know Shanay talked about, we have been getting a lot of 
patience from Ranchi to Ahmedabad in past and that is where we expanded into Ranchi, 
have our franchise unit in Ranchi where we have a strong presence, strong brand recall and 
we have started doing well at Ranchi. 
Ca Vikash: 
The last question is right now your EBITDA it is a good number is there in this quarter is a 
26% due to the increase of the IPD and reduce the loss also slightly reduce the loss, is it 
sustainable at 26% or we are comfortable in the future 23% to 25% of the EBITDA? 
Shanay Shah: 
No. So, I think it is quite sustainable because you see that the top line has grown nearly 
22% for the hospital business. The EBITDA growth is nearly 30% on year-on-year basis. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 22 
So, I think based on the occupancy growth that is still possible within the current capacity. 
We feel that this is definitely a sustainable model and yes it has been a good performance 
because we have each of our hospitals, multi-specialty hospitals have shown a double digit 
EBITDA ranging from 12% to 40% across the multi-specialty hospitals. 
Ca Vikash: 
It is a sustainable number is there in future the 25% EBITDA. 
Shanay Shah: 
Absolutely because there is significant margin expansion still possible in many of the units 
because there is as I said a capacity to build on and operating leverage you already can see 
that the operating leverage is playing in. 
Ca Vikash: 
Understand. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Raj from Arjav Partners. Please 
go ahead. 
Raj: 
Sir I have just two questions. The first question is on the margin. Given that we are 
operating at a low occupancy. As the occupancy improves, is there a scope for a margin 
improvement from here on or is it the margin will maintain? 
Shanay Shah: 
No. So, I think the margin will continue to expand, and as you know there is no significant 
capacity addition in terms of new hospitals which is coming in. So, there is nothing to really 
drag the hospital EBITDA down. At the same time, we have an aggregate capacity of 2000 
beds. We can do sustainably we can kind of achieve a 1300 to 1400 kind of average 
occupancy through the year. So, there is possibly, there is upside of almost 60% to 70% on 
the existing top line over the next few years and once that plays out you will definitely see 
this margin will expand. 
Raj: 
Given that the thing will happen in the existing hospital, what should we assume as the 
increase in your average revenue per occupied bed over say three-year time frame in terms 
of annual increase? 
Shanay Shah: 
Well, that I think really depends on the specialty mix and it also depends on which city is 
growing faster because the ARPOB is also dependent on the geography. So, you cannot 
kind of assume what will be the growth rate on the ARPOB. But in our case, we are 
definitely seeing that the ARPOB is growing between 6% to 10% on a year-on-year basis. 
Raj: 
That is sort of inflation rate, we will be able to increase the occupancy of the beds plus we 
will get inflation rate kind of a thing on the ARPOB side. Is that a fair assumption? 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 22 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes, that is right. 
Raj: 
Third thing is on the hospital which are not operated sort of operated franchisee hospitals, 
we are getting a management fee. What you said is largely it flows down to the bottom line 
after some basic expenses and with the increase of that, that will further augment our 
margin and this is not included in the 2000 bed we are talking of, correct? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes, you are correct in that. 
Raj: 
And, Sir, last thing on this revenue has not been good on the implant business in this 
quarter. How do we see that business stay over the second-half of this year and going 
forward next year, year after? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes. So, as I said earlier, we still would be targeting to reach $100 million in five years’ 
time, and we are completely committed to the mission. Having said this, as we are as I said 
earlier, we have been experiencing something which is very unanticipated, which is not in 
our hands and every company, every industry if you look at orthopedics, every company is 
facing the similar problems in supply chains which is very unanticipated as well as the 
engineering issues that have cropped up. The good thing is that we have identified these are 
the things that what is in our control, and what is not in our control. For example, just give 
you an example, we have a certain vendor which I would not like to name here was 
supplying giving us a lead time of six to nine months? We then had to go to another vendor 
in another country to be able to not only get a lead time of around four to five months, but 
also being able to reduce our procurement prices by at least 30%. So, these are the step-by-
step things which we are doing because these were not anticipated, a vendor comes up and 
tells us hey you are manufacturing some of the instruments we have gone into back order 
which becomes a problem for us. For example, as I said the TUXS instrumentation we have 
around close to 120 or 125 instruments out of them six or seven instruments have just come 
now, and these six to seven instruments are so critical that without that you cannot do a 
proper surgery and we are a responsible healthcare organization. We just cannot go in and 
push in our products without proper instrumentation and that was the thing that have 
happened in this quarter, we have understood. We will be much improved in the third 
quarter and a fantastic fourth quarter. So, as I said earlier, we will be trying and reaching 
our sales target. We will be definitely meeting up our commitment of positive EBITDA at a 
mid-range, mid-single digit range by the end of this year and we will try and reach that sales 
target number because but the first two quarters has not been so good because of the supply 
chain and engineering. There will be a load in this quarter and the following quarter, but we 
will do our level best to try and reach closer to the sales target number.  

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 22 
Raj: 
So that would assume that demand is not a problem. The problems are more internal and 
more in terms of supply chain to when we talk, when we get into the third quarter, and 
fourth quarter you think some part of the problem is already addressed and sort of we are 
saying by fourth quarter it should be fine.  
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes. So as I said some of these things, for example, the TUKS instruments, we are very 
confident will be coming in, right. So that is something that I said. Secondly, the Indonesia 
supplies will be going in. We are very expectant that even the Latin America supplies will 
be going in by December. So, the third quarter will be better. Also we expect a part of our 
gold coated or the, I would not use the word gold coated, it is the titanium niobium nitride 
oxide CKSD will be coming in, and last but not the least, there are certain instruments that 
we have not been able to supply to India and Indonesia which are our low price countries, 
so we will be able to supply them at large quantities and some of the products will also be 
able to come and supply to these countries. So, we are expecting that slowly we will be 
having if is not a jump, by learning in this business that is happening especially in the 
production side. The supply chain side is being unprecedented, we never had such supply 
chain issues for so long, but this has been something that we did not anticipate but we are 
very positive that the next quarter would be better than this quarter and the last quarter 
would be a very good quarter. 
Raj: 
The business will be fine and the core hospital business side we are doing reasonably okay, 
I think this is good. Thanks a lot sir. Thanks for answering the questions. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Abhaya Jain an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Abhaya Jain: 
Good morning. My question is basically on the inventory level. So, I see the consolidated 
inventory is close to 205 Crores and the standalone inventory is close to 17-18 Crores. So, 
we have close to 188 Crores of inventory in the implant business. Am I reading that right? 
Amit Pathak: 
So, inventory for the implant business for H1 is around 154 Crores versus 133 Crores at the 
end of the last year. 
Abhaya Jain: 
So, there is an increase of 20 Crores due to this implant business? So, we are maintaining 
such high levels of inventory based on anticipated business going forward or will there be 
write offs in this inventory. 
Amit Pathak: 
So, there will not be any write-offs these inventories has been the process of the sales plans 
versus sales in quarter three and quarter four? So that will be get liquidated and in the 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 22 
implant business we have to keep the higher level of inventory, but it will get slowly 
liquidated and it will come to the very reasonable level in the middle of the next year. 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
So, let me answer this a bit and frame it out for you. Basically, when you look at an 
orthopedic implant business and if you just go across to any company which is orthopedics 
and I worked in Johnson & Johnson for a long time. So, I can calibrate this. Basically, the 
orthopedic business inventory is between 365 days to around 720 days and more. Across 
every company be it small, be it large and the reason being is the SKU's, the number of 
SKU's are so large that is very difficult to go beyond to a certain level and the orthopedic 
surgeons do not forgive a company if they do not supply the right product at the right time. 
So, if you for example if a surgeon is using say a knee, any company must provide at least 
the four sizes plus to this side and plus to this side for primer and PBR with left and right 
combinations and with different sizes of inserts and sometimes with the revision offerings 
as well. So, every surgeon the system says the orthopedic industry says that you must keep 
that inventory in order to be able to supply. Now to your point, why we are 154 Crores and 
why should not be at 100 Crores, or 120 Crores or 130 Crores? The reason being is, as I 
said, what has happened is because of the supply chain issues, we had to manufacture a lot 
of codes on a certain size. So, if you look at the inventory, inventory is skewed, a certain 
number of inventories is high in certain sizes. But a certain number of inventories on lower 
sizes are not there and so what is happening is we are not being able to supply a large 
number of products into some of these orders that we were talking about, especially in India 
and Indonesia. So, but as we said, as we navigate this problem of the supply chain we will 
be much more even and when our sales increase to that 150 Crores level that we have been 
planning this year, that 154 Crores inventory would looking much better. Thank you. 
Abhaya Jain: 
On the supply chain issues that we had, where are we now in terms of or as we speak, where 
are we now in terms of those issues being resolved? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes, we have actually resolved much more over the last two months that we have not been 
able to resolve in the last one month, and if you ask me, we have been able to identify at 
least three or four new vendors with commitment. So, this again I am sorry I am explaining 
it a bit detail because it is important that investors all understand what goes on the industry. 
So basically, what happens if I identify a vendor, it is not that tomorrow I give an order and 
he start the supplies it does not work that way. First, we have to qualify that vendor because 
we are dealing with things or products, which goes into a body of a patient. So, FDA has a 
certain nomenclature and standardization of approval. So, for example, if I have a supplier 
in Germany, I have identified a very good supplier in Germany who will be able to give me 
similar quality, good raw materials at 30% less price, just as an example versus what we get 
in the US. I must send an FDA qualified auditor to be able to audit that which takes 2 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 22 
weeks. KAPAS are generated, it comes back, correction mechanisms are done and then that 
approval is given. Once the approval is given then we have to look at the drawings and the 
drawings of engineering can happen in ASCM format and ISO format it depends upon in 
Europe, some goes into ISO, some goes into ASCM. Now we have to convert those 
drawings, then send it to them. Then they make the toolings. The toolings are not 
manufactured by that company who makes the raw material. They give it to a subcontractor 
who does the toolings. Then they do the tooling, which takes a certain time, then we place 
the order, then they make the raw material casting. It comes to us, we do a fast particle 
inspection of a certain number of samples and batches and if we pass it then they start 
production. This is a very complicated process and that is the reason I am saying that 
sometimes when we get shortchanged by some vendor who has been supplying for so long 
for whatsoever reasons like getting into a new vendor, it takes time. But good thing is that 
over the last two months we have been able to identify some solid vendors, some of them 
are already started tooling the engineering drawings have been released, some of them have 
already sent some materials to us and that is the reason I am saying I am very confident that 
the next quarter and then the following quarter will be fantastic for us. Sorry for the long- 
winded answer, but I thought I would use this opportunity to really give you the flavor of 
what goes on in this industry. 
Abhaya Jain: 
No, it helps a lot. Did we have to lose out on any customers unfortunately due to these 
issues? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
It is a great question? Yes, in the US, not in India, not in Indonesia. In the US, I would not 
have said we have lost them. We have got a bit of, as you call a bit of emotion associated 
with that. So, they have not been able to be too supportive with us over the last month or so 
because we have not been able to keep up to their expectation. What happens is a surgeon 
depends on you for a long time and then because of certain unforeseen circumstance that 
does not happen, then if another company comes in and as you understand in the US 90% of 
the business is controlled by the four large players and they are all always waiting for small 
players like us to make such mistakes. Having said this, the relationship has developed over 
several years. It is just a small glitch. We are in constant touch. The good thing that happens 
is that in spite of the surgeon having reduces give maybe a small one or two products to 
some other company. We are relentless in pursuing them to understand that give them that 
this is what we are going to do over the next two to three months so that we can win them 
back. So yes, we have lost a few numbers of implants from a few number of surgeons in the 
US because they have been a bit of a resentment of our supply chain situation, but we are 
constantly in touch with them, we are in great terms with them and we will win them back. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Abhaya Jain: 
And my one last question. Have we started supplying to the Japan market because that I 
understand is a high price market. So, have we started on supplying to Japan? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes, we actually Japan had been supplied by the previous company from which we 
acquired. We had a distributor, and the distributor was always there. Over the last 3-4 years, 
the Japan business has trickled down to a miniscule because this company, previous 
company was not being able to supply them on time, and there was a lot of situations on 
products and pricing. When we took over, we rearranged with them. Unfortunately, the 
Japanese yen has become very weak versus the US dollar. So, what has happened is we are 
still negotiating with them with the pricing. Our person, we do not have anyone located in 
Japan, but we have a person located in Malaysia who has some knowledge about the 
Japanese market. He was in Korea last week. Actually, we are looking at entering into the 
Korea market very soon as well, which hopefully in the next investor call, I would be able 
to talk a bit more. Right now, it is too early to comment. But he will be going to Japan next 
month to be able to start the process of the business. The Japan business was very small for 
us. We have an enormous scope to increase it with the current distributor plus look at some 
other distributor going forward. 
Abhaya Jain: 
Thanks a lot, Sir. Thanks a lot for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Heet Van from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Heet Van: 
Good morning, Sir, congratulations for a good set of numbers. My first question would be 
regarding the hospital business. Did we see any possible deferment in the surgeries in Q2 
and if yes, the impact of that would be positive in the Q3 and it will offset the festive 
season. 
Shanay Shah: 
Well, I think, if you look at the surgery growth, arthroplasty has grown 18%. So as such it 
has not been muted for us the quarter two numbers, yes, usually the festive season 
especially Diwali you see that the historical trend says that some of the elective surgeries’ 
kind of slow down during this period. But then it is like three months. So usually you do not 
see it deferred to the next quarter as such. You usually see it deferred to maybe end 
November or December. So usually, it is going to be very similar, and you will definitely 
see a similar kind of growth on a year-on-year basis from quarter three of last year. 
Heet Van: 
And secondly, on the implant business. So, are we going to expand our sales force like to 
penetrate further into the markets? 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 22 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes. So, if you look at the US currently, we do not have a marketing person and we have 
only three salespeople basically in the US it is a very much of a distributor model with a 
distributor carries a lot of relationship with the surgeons and the hospitals and then they get 
in our products. We are not only engaging new distributors, but we are also getting in 
people covering the Western region and also in the Eastern region. Today we have a person 
as a regional business director in the Midwest and we have a person in the Southeast. We 
are going to appoint a person very shortly in the Western region. We will be covering the 
entire big states like California and Arizona and Wyoming and some of the Colorado and 
some of the others and then we are appointing another person, which is shortlisting in the 
East, which will cover those large states of New Jersey and New York and Massachusetts 
and Washington and others. That is our plan for the US perspective, and we expect that 
would help us because we will only recruit people who have a lot of experience in that 
industry and will be coming over to work for us. So that will bring them a lot of 
relationships as well as a lot of understanding of the business. In India, we will be 
strengthening our team further. We already have a solid team, but unless and until we get 
our products, there is no point in really putting up a large number of salespeople. But we 
know a lot of salespeople and good quality salespeople are ready to join us. They give us 
feelers, so we have kept them in a warm mode. As soon as we have a large amount of 
supplies normalized into India, we will be able to take a lot more people both at the 
managerial level, at the leadership level as well as the sales rep level. 
Heet Van: 
And my last question would be any update regarding Mumbai Hospital, any progressive 
update. 
Shanay Shah: 
So the Mumbai Hospital is progressing well in terms of the charity commissioner 
application to happen. Certain issues there which we are resolving now, we hope to get the 
charity Commissioner approval soon, and I think the issues are mainly to do with the delay 
from the trust side. I think they have kind of consensus within the group now. So, I think we 
are good to go and very shortly we will be applying for the charity Commissioners 
application. 
Heet Van: 
Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Divya Daga from Vijit Global 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Divya Daga: 
Hello, Sir. Good morning. Congratulations for great set of numbers. In hospital segment, we 
have done great. But I have question related to implant segment. As you have mentioned 
that in Q3 we will be having a good result better than Q2 and Q4 will be much, much better. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 22 
So my question is will we be able to achieve our target of guidance you have provided in 
earlier previous con calls? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
The answer is we may not be able to reach our sales targets or business targets as we said. 
We were planning to grow at 50% as a target this year. We may fall short of the target 
because we would not be able to get that number of products through our supply chain. So, 
we are aiming at around close to 30% to 35% growth, which is very good growth in the 
current circumstances. But we had targeted a mid-level positive EBITDA which we are 
very certain that we will be able to deliver by the end of this year. 
Divya Daga: 
And my last question is, what is the implant production this quarter? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
This quarter implant production, correct me if I am wrong Amit, but it is around close to 
12000 parts, means around 3000 constructs of implant. 
Divya Daga: 
Thank you so much, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Aashka Trivedi from Kedia 
Securities Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aashka Trivedi: 
Thank you for the opportunity, Sir, and congratulations on the good set of numbers. My 
question is that currently we have significant cash on books. So, are we looking for any 
organic or inorganic acquisitions going forward? 
Parag Agrawal: 
Yes, there are certain plans on the use of this cash on furthering growth of new hospitals or 
even the franchisee units, operated franchise units, which will need certain capital 
investments. We will keep you updated as we move forward on those. 
Shanay Shah: 
I think we have shortlisted few cities especially Delhi and Calcutta where we would like to 
kind of we are looking for hospitals on the multispecialty side apart from all the expansion 
that is planned on the franchisee side and it is a conscious decision taken by the board 
because for the last five years we have been consolidating the existing business, the hospital 
business and in this quarter in the first half of this year if you annualize the ROCs we have 
done north of 23%, so we feel that this is an appropriate time now to look at opportunities 
in some of these important markets. 
Aashka Trivedi: 
Any tentative amount, which you can give, which you would be spending on this plan. 
Shanay Shah: 
It will all depend on the opportunity very honestly. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 22 
Aashka Trivedi: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sanket Guntaka, an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Sanket Guntaka: 
Hello, good morning. My question is somewhat related to one of our participant’s question 
which is like any expansion in Southern region, because I feel like there is a lot of scope in 
southern region. 
Parag Agrawal: 
On the multi-specialty hospital business, the focus will be first initially covering Delhi, 
Calcutta and some of the other regions. On the franchisee side, yes, we are open to looking 
at certain cities in the South. 
Sanket Guntaka: 
So, you are only looking at metropolitan cities or any two-tier cities or you are plan. 
Parag Agrawal: 
Not necessarily. So, we are looking at Delhi and Calcutta in terms of metros and some of 
the important cities like Lucknow and Patna etc. If we get the opportunities there, we would 
be looking at tier one cities, which have a huge potential and the demand supply gap as well 
and there of course Shalby is a well-recognized brand because if you look at our expansion 
it has always been very strategic, and we have gone to cities where we already have a very 
strong brand presence and recall.  
Sanket Guntaka: 
Because as of my knowledge what I see in Southern region there are many two-tier cities 
which has no multi-specialty hospitals but there are a lot of hospitals, big hospitals I can say 
but they are doing well in business. That is where my point, so I just thought of asking that. 
Shanay Shah: 
Fair point. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vishal an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Vishal: 
Hi. Good morning and congratulations on the good set of numbers. While I appreciate your 
effort on expanding on the international OPD’s, could you just throw some light on the 
strategy you have in place for medical tourism per se? 
Shanah Shah: 
Yes, we have been doing medical tourism and we have been very active in this part of the 
world and we started about 20 years ago and in fact as we speak today we are conducting 
medical OPD's not only in Africa, but we have also now started medical OPD’s in the 
Middle East. We had basically OPD planned in Dubai. So now we are going to be 
continuing that OPD in Dubai. We are also in advanced talks with somebody in Muscat. On 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 19 of 22 
the other hand of-course we are a household name in East Africa at the same time we have 
been actively participating in medical camps across West African region as well. So that is 
another area of growth for Shalby in the future and besides that even in the SAARC region 
we have been very active in Bangladesh and Nepal and of course we have been conducting 
medical camps and OPD’s there which we will continue to do. So, at the same time we are 
getting approached by hospitals and partners, potential partners in Sri Lanka etc., so there is 
a lot of action going on, on the medical tourism piece. 
Vishal: 
Thanks a lot that helps. Thank you. Good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Heet Van from Elara Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Heet Van: 
Sir, just to continue with regards to your organic expansion, inorganic expansion. So are we 
including international geographies too in that or only India specific? 
Parag Agrawal: 
Well, I think from the investment perspective, we will be looking at India at the same time 
we are looking at potential partnerships in terms of operations in many other countries 
especially we are keen to kind of set up a franchise where which is very asset light in nature 
maybe in Nairobi. So that is something that is on the cards for us immediately, but from the 
point of view of real estate investment whether it is a land, building, medical equipment, we 
prefer to do it in India. 
Heet Van: 
Okay. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Sampath Nayak from Tiger 
Assets. Please go ahead. 
Sampath Naik: 
Thank you, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. My question is like this year we will be not able 
to meet 50% sales target that we have checked out, but what would be the sales expectation 
maybe for FY2025 and FY2026 if you can give a ballpark number? 
Sushobhan Dasgupta: 
Yes. So, as I said, we will continue to chase our $100 million target that we had committed 
in the next five years as we said. So, our plan is when we put up our sales target for the next 
year we would cover this deficit of the sales target that we would not be able to reach this 
year and that dollar amount or that rupees crore amount will be added to the next year's 
target. So that we are in line with that $100 million that we committed for five years. As I 
said the demand is there. It is just a question of the supply chain not being able to be put up 
to that expectation. So as we have said that we have developed the strategy and the tactic to 
be able to create a much improved supply chain situation over the quarters and we expect 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 20 of 22 
the full fiscal year of next year would be much, much better in terms of supply chain and 
with the demand growing up exponentially, we believe that we will be able to cover the 
deficit, whatever be it small amount this year into the next year's budget. 
Sampath Naik: 
I joined in a bit late. So, on the consolidate level, what is the EBITDA margin we are 
targeting. 
Shanay Shah: 
On the consolidated level, I think we should look at the EBITDA percentage at both the 
businesses separately. So that is because the implant business is currently in the growth 
phase, so we will see a flat EBITDA for this year, but on the hospital side you will see 
EBITDA margin of 25% for the hospitals business. 
Sampath Naik: 
Okay, Sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanika Khemani from Sapphire Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Sanika Khemani: 
Actually, my question was you have given a target of 850 Crores kind of revenue on the 
hospital front this year. So, are we still on track for that and what kind of growth are we 
looking at, at the hospital segment going forward? 
Shanay Shah: 
Well, we will definitely do, we will cross that target is what it looks like currently based on 
the existing first half results. So, we are looking at 900 Crores on the hospitals business and 
the kind of growth that has been seen in the first half of this year. We feel that we should be 
able to continue with that growth because as I said earlier, there is significant capacity 
available for growth in the existing setup without much Capex. So, we will continue to 
grow at this level for the next three to four years. 
Sanika Khemani: 
Okay. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan Gupta from Varanium Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
Good morning. So, my question is related to the business model we have. Which model is 
more profitable for us as our competitor, if we just say in the pediatric segment we have 
child care hospitals, so which is in their model, which is asset light model. We are also asset 
light model, but much is going how much is going to the franchise now. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Karan based on what you have asked that which model under the SOC that the FOSO and 
FOSM which looks more profitable that is what we could hear and I think we can answer.  

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 21 of 22 
Parag Agrawal: 
So, Karan on which is the more profitable model. As I said earlier when it comes to FOSM 
I get the revenue share which most of it, 90% of it is in my bottom line. So, one may say 
that, that is more profitable. In the FOSO model, I get the top line revenue because that is 
why I own the Opex and the EBITDA or PAT hits my bottom line. So, it is a give and take 
on which will be a more profitable model depending upon the city we choose whether it is a 
FOSO or a FOSM city which we want to operate. For me, both the models present equal 
opportunity to grow and to increase my presence in the market. 
Karan Gupta: 
So, to increase the presence in the market, you can first go with the FOSO, where your 
revenue share will be high, right? 
Parag Agrawal: 
My reported top line will be better in our FOSO model. 
Karan Gupta: 
Out of the hub and spoke model, what you are doing with the hub and the spoke model 
because these openings you are setting up in overseas market as well. This is for outpatient 
and your hub kind of the specialty hospitals, right? 
Parag Agrawal: 
So the OPD’s have nothing to do with the hub and spoke, the OPD happen across various 
cities in India and international markets which are there to draw patients to the existing 
hospitals in different places. Now OPD's hub and enclose by districts as well as other 
districts for Chennai talked about we have several OPD’s happening in Eastern part and the 
Southern part of the country as well as we are now focusing on fixed OPD's in international 
markets also. When it comes to hub and spoke it is not just about having the hub is not just 
a multi-specialty necessarily when I speak about hub and spoke, it is about operationalizing, 
how do I create a hallow effect with a group of hospitals in a particular region and I am able 
to operationalize it better. It is not just about opening a hospital. I have to even on a Shalby 
managed model I have to manage and make that hospital successful. So how do I place my 
people who are responsible for making it successful? That is where the hub and spoke 
comes into play. So, our larger city will play, so I have a hospital in Lucknow now when I 
look at East UP and I have more hospitals in East UP, the hospital in Lucknow will end up 
playing my hub or the other hospitals and it has talked about it more from an 
operationalizing and operational efficiency point of view. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions, I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Puneet Maheshwari, Investor Relations & Corporate 
Strategy for closing comments. Over to you, Sir. 
Puneet Maheshwari: 
Thanks. I would like to thank each one of you for your great participation. It was a 
wonderful earnings call and I would also like to take the opportunity to thank the 
management of Shalby. Looking forward to connecting later on. Thanks everyone. 

 
  
 
Shalby Limited 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 22 of 22 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara 
Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us 
and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
