 
                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2023-24 
November 14, 2023 
 
 
To
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year ended 
September 30, 2023 
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter and half year ended September 
30, 2023 conducted after the meeting of Board of Directors held on November 09, 2023. 
 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://suvenpharm.com/financial-info/ 
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
HANUMAN
THA RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed by 
HANUMANTHA RAO 
KOKKONDA 
Date: 2023.11.14 
16:46:06 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 22 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Limited Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some statements made in today's 
discussion may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. Documents relating to the company's performance have been 
emailed to you earlier. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Head IR, Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho, Suven 
Pharmaceuticals Limited.  
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Good evening, everyone. Today, we have our management team with us. I'll 
introduce you to our management team members. Mr. Annaswamy Vaidheesh, 
Executive Chairman. Dr. V. Prasada Raju, Managing Director and Dr. Sudhir 
Singh, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Venkatraman Sunder, VP Corporate Affairs. 
And Mr. P Subba Rao, Chief Financial Officer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Vaidheesh for the opening remarks. 
Annaswamy V.:  
Thank you very much, Cyndrella. So, first and foremost, before I start the 
presentation, good evening everyone. And we deeply appreciate each one of you 
for finding time to be in the call. Thank you very much. And also, best wishes to 
you and your family for a festive season and advance wishes for a Happy Diwali. 
This is the start of a new journey for Suven Pharma. And my full team and me are 
very excited about the next phase of Suven's growth. Firstly, we want to thank Mr. 
Jasti for giving us an opportunity to carry-forward his business legacy that he and 
his team have created. We believe that Suven is a world-class CDMO with a 

 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
credible track record of serving select innovative pharma and specialty chemical 
customers. 
 
Suven has demonstrated track record of execution and delivery excellence with a 
strong backend. We plan to scale up Suven's capability and to build a strong leader 
in the CDMO space. Our goal is to rapidly scale Suven Pharma to transform into a 
globally respected CDMO organization. And we are pretty confident that we'll get 
there on the back of deep customer partnerships, differentiated scientific 
capabilities, delivery excellence, and our talented employee pool. 
While we have been predominantly focused both on our customers and employees 
in the last one month, and Dr. Sudhir, our CEO, will give more details shortly, and 
we'll continue to invest in building R&D capabilities, operational capacities, and 
business development expertise. We'll further invest in select differentiated 
platform technologies through both organic and inorganic routes. We are really 
excited about the long-term growth prospects and confident that the unique 
combination of our global leadership team, our exemplary board, and strong 
support of our advisory council that will help us deliver accelerated market-leading 
growth. 
And let me also take this opportunity to inform you about the leadership role that 
we have in this company. First and foremost, the way in which we have organized 
ourselves as me being the Executive Chairman, and I have a fantastic team of 
leaders accompanying me in driving the future of Suven and Dr. V Prasada Raju, 
who will be the Managing Director, and Dr. Sudhir Singh, our Chief Executive 
Officer. 
Our key new management leaders added in the first month of our operations 
include Mr. Gaurav Bahadur as a Chief HRO. He's from ex-Sanofi and would have 
formed with 30 years of experience. Raju Komaravolu, Chief Strategy Officer, ex-
DRL, McKinsey, and ITC, and 27 years of experience. And Mr. Brian 
Shaughnessy, Chief Commercial Officer, ex-Aragen, Dr. Reddy's, Piramal, and 20 
years of experience based in the US. 
If I count all the number of years of experience, we'll run into 100s of years of 
experience of talented leaders have joined this company. We continue to evaluate 
augmenting this talent pool and roles, keeping our long-term vision in mind. For 
instance, we are augmenting the entire sales and marketing engine under Brian's 
leadership, covering both US and EU. 

 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
 
We also would like to be happy to inform you that we have a fantastic advisory 
council, who have deep and tenured global experience in the industry, and will be 
guiding our strategic choices, starting with Venkateswarlu Jasti, who you all know, 
who's the founder of Suven Pharma and Suven Life Sciences, Abhijit Mukherjee, 
ex-CEO of Dr. Reddy's, with 35 years of experience, James Mullen, ex-President 
and CEO of Patheon and Biogen, 35 years of experience, and Stefan Stoffel, ex-
CEO of Lonza, with 40 years of experience. 
 
It's pretty impressive to have such qualified people supporting our ambitious 
journey plan that we have set out for ourselves. And I would like to take this 
opportunity to introduce Dr. Sudhir Singh and take you through how we have 
prepared for the transition across customers and employees, and that has been 
executed seamlessly. 
Sudhir Singh: 
Thanks, Vaidheesh. So, the plan, let me give a little update on our transition plan. 
Our team's operating agenda is to first stabilize the whole business and secure the 
growth in this and then accelerate the growth. Our new leadership team has 
already interacted with all of our employees. Our leadership team has conducted a 
first round of customer interactions, and we are excited to report that we have done 
physical, face-to-face meetings with major customers. Customer transition 
executed successfully. Customers feedback has been encouraging. They are 
happy with the smooth transition and looking forward for the new journey in Suven. 
Our team is ensuring business as usual, continuity of supply assurance, and 
increased opportunities to collaborate. Customers are excited to open more 
opportunities in their ongoing portfolio, which will expand our existing business 
dynamically. This is also reflected in our current RFQs inquiries, pipeline, and H1, 
which is much higher than the whole last year of FY23. Some of our immediate 
priorities will be our next month's priorities are continued deep engagement with 
customers and employees. 
 
While we have hired the commercial leaders for US and EU, to build out the full 
commercial engine and set a robust customer base and position. Continue to 
invest, upgrade infrastructure in R&D, capital efficient manner to have best-in-class 
EHS and quality processes and controls. Initiate projects to drive lifecycle 
management, invest in new technologies and capabilities, organically as well as 
inorganically. Lastly, completing the capex project in a timely and capital efficient 
manner. 
I will hand over to our Managing Director for giving us a near-term macro, and my 
business prospects. 

 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
Prasada Raju: 
Thank you, Dr. Sudhir. The second narrative that you all have followed is from Dr. 
Sudhir. He is our CEO. Hello, everyone. Thank you, Vaidheesh and Dr. Sudhir. Let 
me take this opportunity to take you through medium to long-term business 
prospects for Suven, given near-term macros. As most of you know, from a near-
term macro perspective, Spec-Chem is significantly impacted by the ongoing acute 
destocking globally. 
 
Our business has significant revenue contributions from Ag-chem-based 
molecules, and as a result, we expect following few quarters to continue to be soft 
due to the impact of destocking in the speciality chemical segment and the base 
effect of COVID products. However, the medium to long-term business opportunity 
is intact, and we are also quite excited about Suven's overall growth prospects. 
 
Just to take you through some of the important favorable macros, which includes 
secular macro tailwinds for India with both China +1 led supply diversification, 
coupled with increased manufacturing costs in Europe. Given our experience in 
Spec-Chem with such kind of cycles in the past, we expect business to bounce 
back in the subsequent quarters. Regarding Pharma CDMO as Vaidheesh and Dr. 
Sudhir has alluded to, we will leverage our long-standing relationship with our 
existing marquee customers to grow existing business while securing new 
business opportunities. 
We have also seen positive signs based on our customer interactions and 
discussions at CPHI, which is a very recent event. And existing customers are very 
keen to deepen the business partnerships with more products evidenced by the 
improved inflow of RFQs in H1. Internally, we continue to strengthen our 
sustainability and ESG initiatives further to stay relevant to our partners. In parallel, 
we are also working on a five-year strategic blueprint along with our advisory 
council. We look forward to sharing.  
And with this, I would request Sunder to take us through the financials. 
Venkatraman Sunder: Thank you, Dr. Prasada. I would like to thank you all for connecting as since the 
last meeting we had with the new management team here. I'm excited to be part of 
this presenting to you all. So, we have these financials. I think you should have got 
it as a freshly brewed coffee after the completion of the board meeting. 
 
Just now it was updated. So, the resultant financial summary for first half, that is 
FY24, is like revenue from operations, was about INR579 crore. There's a small 
decline, decline by about 6%. The reported EBITDA was about INR265 crore, 
higher by 5.6%. Adjusted EBITDA including operating effects was INR270 crore, 

 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
higher by about 3.6% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA margin, they're higher. I'm 
proud to say that it's about 46.7% compared to 42.2% compared to previous year. 
PAT also, you know if you really see, actually it has increased. 
It is INR200 crore, increased by about 11% year-on-year, 11.4% to be precise. If 
you really look at the quarter on quarter, usually, you know, as we have been 
explaining to our shareholders, we have not looked at based on quarter on quarter, 
but still, I present this. 
The revenue from operations, INR231 crore, declined by about 17% year-on-year. 
EBITDA, about INR19 crore, marginally declined by about less than 2%, 1.9%. So 
adjusted EBITDA was about INR102 crore. It's also marginally declined by about 
1.8% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA margins, in spite of all those things, it was 
still higher at 43.9% compared to 37.1%. Purely based on the product mix, what we 
have, actually. 
And PAT was INR80 crore, increased by almost about 11%, about 10.4%. To give 
some colour on the revenue growth for H1 FY24, I would say while overall growth 
has been impacted by Spec Chem and base effect of COVID molecule, excluding 
spec cam and COVID molecule, H1 FY24 growth in revenue is about 42% year-on-
year. So, there is a growth there, overall business. 
As explained by Dr. Prasad as well as Sudhir, there was a drop in the spec chem 
business. So, pharma, CDMO business continued the growth and reported about 
24% H1 FY24 year-on-year. Revenue growth, the ex-COVID molecule, still 
impressive at 38%. 
And we saw a record number of RFQs for Q2 FY24. I'm proud to say that. And still, 
we continue to have more than 100 projects, with many in phase one, phase two, 
and phase three. 
And 10 commercial pharma projects are growing. So, we have many encouraging 
discussions with our existing and potential new customers. And we are also having 
credible discussions with long term partnerships with customers. 
When I really want the specialty chemical, there is a decline. It's primarily led by, as 
we all know, global supply chain, destocking. And we do not anticipate any 
structural changes in our business. To put it simple, business will go on as it is. For 
our formulation business, the formulation of the services segment has reported 
82% growth. But of course, it is on a lower base. 

 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Currently, we have total of about 17 ANDAs approved, 12 from our Pashamylaram 
facility and five from our newly acquired Casper facility. And we expect about 
another five, seven approvals to move on, actually. I'll hand over this to Dr. Sudhir 
now to explain further. 
Sudhir Singh: 
Thanks, Sunder. Let me give a little update on our capex plan. On the Suryapet 
project, we have spent so far INR157 crore as of H1 of this year. And we expect 
the new block to be commissioned towards the end of this financial year. Total plan 
investment is about INR200 crore. And in H1, we have spent INR27 crore on 
overall capex. We are also planning a new R&D center at Genome Valley, here in 
Hyderabad. We propose a Phase 1 to require an investment of about close to 
INR30 crore to INR40 crore for a state-of-the-art R&D center. We anticipate the 
phase one would be ready by Q1 FY25. 
Cash flow and cash on books, we generated operating cash flow of INR252 crore 
in H1. Our total cash, including the investments and cash and cash equivalents on 
books, is still at INR714 crore as of H1 FY24. Let me also give you a little outlook 
on Q3 and H2 FY24. We expect Pharmaceutical to continue to remain positive. 
However, we are expecting few quarters to remain soft, primarily attributed to the 
spec chem segment. 
Just to highlight, many of our key customers are planning to visit and meet us on a 
face-to-face, and we are keenly looking forward to these interactions in H2. 
Encouragingly, our substantial increase in RFQs, inquiries, and promising first 
round of discussions with our customers, being extremely encouraging, have 
boosted our determination. We are focused on establishing Suven as a unique 
global leader in the CDMO industry. 
With these comments, I will request our Chairman, Annaswamy Vaidheesh, for his 
closing remarks. 
Annaswamy V.: 
Thank you, Dr. Sudhir. If I have to summarize, the first 30 days has been an 
exciting 30 days, where the transition to the new management has been completed 
smoothly, and we feel very good about the progress. Met all key customers in 
person. Customer feedback has been encouraging. I am very glad that they are 
happy with the smooth transition and having multiple discussions to work together. 
We have also augmented the senior leadership with proven track record and deep 
experience in space and initiated building out the commercial engine. Already hired 
key leaders for EU and US, in process of building the team below them. 

 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
The team has interacted with all of our 1,200 plus employees and is focused on 
retention of the existing culture and ethos of the company, and I'm quite sure that 
we'll make it into an admired company to work for. We are in for an interesting 
secular tailwind, macro favouring India, and given Suven's multiple engines of 
growth, our deep technology capabilities, marquee customer logos, strong R&D 
and operational expertise, and best in class management. 
On behalf of the team, I would also want to inform everyone that we are very 
committed to value creation for our stakeholders, and we are excited to embark on 
this journey, and our endeavour is to build a world-class institution and a global 
CDMO leader from India that will sustainably drive growth for multiple decades to 
come. 
I want to thank everyone once again for your time, and now we'll open the floor for 
Q&A, and best wishes to everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Pratik Kothari from Unique PMS.  
Pratik Kothari: 
My first question is, we did highlight about the strategies, the plans, etc., that we 
have, and in one of the presentations, we have mentioned that we have met all 
clients in person. Can you just highlight what has been the feedback been from 
them? I mean, so, historically, what our understanding is CDMO, apart from 
technical capability, it also requires a high level of trust, and Suven had the face of 
Mr. Jasti all this while. So, now that he's not at the helm, how do things change 
from a customer perspective? So, you can share some global context, our 
experience, and just in a journey of scaling this up? 
Sudhir Singh: 
Let me give you an update on this. Actually, this was the first priority within 30 
days. There were two first priorities. First was to interact with all the employees, 
and second was to meet with the customers, and we did it in two phases. Now, the 
good thing was that immediately after taking over, the CPHI was following up. So, 
we went to CPHI. 
That's the way we met most of our customers and followed by the site visits of our 
major customers, and I can tell you that we have met about 11 to 12 of our major 
customers, and the feedback has been amazing. I was surprised to see that every 
customer gave a very good feedback in terms of delivery, Science, commitments, 
and they understood the transition, and everybody was appreciative of the 
professional management coming over, and they are looking forward to work with 

 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
the new management, and also, they are looking forward to grow the relationship 
with Suven Pharma and in a nutshell, it's a very good positive feedback from every 
customers. So, that's what I would say. 
Annaswamy V.: 
Prathik, I just want to add a couple of points to what Dr. Sudhir Singh mentioned. 
You know, first and foremost, we all need to recognize the fact we have people like 
Dr. Sudhir Singh, Dr. Prasada, and Brian. These people have been in the industry 
for decades and most of the customers know them very well, extremely well. So, to 
that extent, the concern about whether it is something new for the customers is not 
necessarily, because all these leaders have a phenomenal relationship. 
So, that's good news that they see these leaders taking over such a good 
company. With Mr. Jasti being around as an advisor, these are all adding a 
phenomenal tailwind to our customers. They all are pretty happy about the way in 
which we are planning to support their interest. 
Pratik Kothari: 
 when we made this acquisition maybe a year back, we had highlighted that we 
intend to merge Cohance into this. So, any fresh thoughts there, and maybe you 
can share some numbers on Cohance. Given both of these entities combined, how 
do we intend to take this forward? Because from a customer perspective now, you 
will have a large generic API or formulations company, and then some part doing 
CDMO. How do we think about, doesn't that change things for customers? 
Prasada Raju: 
Prathik, Prasada Raju here. So, there are three important elements here. One is 
from an overall corporate structuring standpoint, unless this is discussed in Suven 
Board and resolutions are passed, we might not be able to comment anything on 
the future merger. Number two, from an industry assessment standpoint, are there 
any leverages between Cohance business and Suven business? Answer is a big 
yes. At a customer pollination level, it is possible. Third important element, there 
will be always interest of competency sharing between both the platforms, but at an 
appropriate time, we will come back with specifics. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct, but the intention to merge is on. I mean, obviously, subject to approvals 
and everything, but the intention to combine this entity still exists? 
Prasada Raju: 
That's right. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. And can we share any numbers of what maybe Cohance has done the six 
months or maybe the last year? 

 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
Prasada Raju: 
Pratik, if you are okay, as you understand, this call is primarily intended for 
discussions about Suven financial performance. I hope you understand our 
limitations. Correct. 
Pratik Kothari: 
This is just from the perspective that ultimately as shareholders, and we have been 
shareholders for many, many years, we ultimately have to think about the 
combined entity, and hence the question, nothing else. But I appreciate that you 
might not. Sir, one more question on capex. 
I mean, earlier management had guided for the INR600 crore of capex that they 
had embarked upon, and you have mentioned that Suryapet is almost done. What 
about the other two? Any change in plans? Maybe we are adding something, 
subtracting something? 
Venkatraman Sunder: As of now, we don't have any plan. As we said in our opening remarks, that we are 
doing a blueprint of the new strategy, and once the strategy is done, we will look at 
our allocation of capex. But the immediate plan is to invest in a new R&D. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. Fine. And sir, if you can just share the three segmental revenues for this 
quarter, what I mean, pharma, chemical, and formulations? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Yeah, the segmental revenue, if you really look at it for this quarter, for the purpose 
of CDMO of pharma, it is about INR148 crore for six months.  
Pratik Kothari: 
for this quarter? 
Venkatraman Sunder: And the second it's about INR55 crore, and formulation of that is about INR27 
crore. If you look at for the six months period, it is INR394 crore of CDMO pharma, 
INR130 crore of spectrum, and INR53.9 crore of formulation of the solution. 
Pratik Kothari: 
Correct. So, sir, if you can comment, I mean, chemical has seen substantial 
reduction from the first half last year, maybe, I don't know, 50% reduction, and 
formulations have done extremely well. So, if you can just highlight what is 
happening. You did talk about the inventory etc., but is it so bad that there's such a 
big drop, and also, what is playing out with information? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Let me, before I give this to Dr. Prasad, let me explain that. Spec-chem, as we 
have already explained in the past two quarters also, like this is going to be softer 
based on the global scenario is changing. That's the reason, compared to last year 
and last quarter, spec-chem is getting reduction. CDMO pharma as such, actually, 
it is a mix of products, whether it is, you talk about Q2 or whether you talk about 
H1. The mix of- products has been quite encouraging, and there is a growth. 

 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
That's what has happened. Particularly, to look at the CDMO pharma, from INR318 
crore, it has gone up to INR394 crore for the first six months, and particularly, for 
this quarter, from some INR108 crore to INR148 crore. Looking at some of the 
formulations, it has gone up, no doubt at low base, for this quarter, from INR18 
crore to INR22 crore, and for six months, it has gone up from INR27 crore to INR53 
crore. Basically, we are at a low base, and then, there are many ANDAs that are 
getting added. Few more are going to be added. That's where you see a better 
traction in this business, as it has been happening. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ashish Thavkar from IIFL.  
Ashish Thavkar: 
So, if you could spell out some more details on this Agribusiness. You did say that 
there's some de-stocking, but your interaction with the clients turning out to be 
pretty good. So, in terms of, at-least, the custom synthesis part, how's the 
development, whether you would be adding new technologies there, and did Suven 
had a concentrated portfolio, and post the merger, we want to diversify. So, any 
broad colour in terms of new technologies that you would be looking at would be 
helpful. 
Sudhir Singh: 
So, let me give you a colour of new technology. Basically, we are looking at the 
growth with our existing customers, existing products. However, when we meet our 
customers, we always get feedback on what are the new technologies they need, 
because we move along with our customers. We are definitely looking at the, in the 
immediate term, looking at the flow technology. 
 
That's where many customers are asking for it. However, it is too early to comment 
on that. We will do the validation with a couple of our customers, and then we will 
invest. However, we have already invested in R&D scale, and we need to look at 
how do we scale it up. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
And in terms of capital allocation going ahead, is there a certain bias on the part of 
the management that would like to put more capital towards CDMO pharma, less 
towards agri, any thought process? 
Venkatraman Sunder: No, nothing like that. As of now, we have enough capacity. As I said in the 
beginning, that we are working on a blueprint for the next five-year strategy. Once 
we are clear on our strategy, we will allocate the capital according to that. 
Ashish Thavkar: 
Okay. And once this new entity comes into form, are there any tax-related benefits 
which would also come to us? 
Venkatraman Sunder: What is this new entity you are talking about? 

 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Ashish Thavkar: 
So once the entire merger goes through, would there be any tax-related benefits 
that could flow to the organization on a consolidated basis? 
Venkatraman Sunder: No, there won't be any flow-through as such, actually. But then those things will be 
looked at when we really do the real merger in our discussion not at this point of 
time. As of now we are talking about existing entity. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kapadia from Sundaram Mutual 
Fund.  
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Yeah. So, the question is on the RFQ, which we have said in this quarter. So, is it 
largely for the CDMO or do we also have on the Spec Chem side? 
Sudhir Singh: 
No, this is mostly CDMO, pharma, CDMO. As we said in the beginning that the 
SPAC camp is a little subdued because of the global situation, de-stocking, Brazil's 
drought. But these RFQs are primarily from CDMO, pharma, CDMO. 
Saurabh Kapadia: 
Okay. And can you give some colour in terms of the pipeline for the Suven in terms 
of phase two, phase three, and the number of molecules in each stage at least the 
molecules where we are at the late stage of the cycle? 
Sudhir Singh: 
As we said in the beginning of the call that we are about 100 molecules in the 
different phases. And as of now, there is no update on the movement from the 
customers. As and when we get any update from customers, we'll keep you 
updated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader Puranwala from ICICI Securities.  
Abdulkader P.: 
Congratulations on building such a marquee set of professions for the new team. 
So, my first question is in terms of the near-term opportunities with the 
management sees in terms of the low-hanging fruit or the synergies which, you can 
bring into the current system. And in terms of the cost-saving side, if you could 
highlight or, from a scale perspective, we understand that there is a merger which 
you guys’ plan to do at a later stage. But at least from a near-term perspective, 
what are the operational changes or synergies which the new management thinks 
on bringing into the plate? 
Venkatraman Sunder: So, Abdul, the cost synergies and then cost wise, as you know very well know, 
we've been always working with the cost as the main parameters. And then 
everywhere, we try to do the cost-saving. And those synergies, we look forward 
even with kind of, if there is a possibility of some synergies that happens with 
coherence using their facilities or using their manpower or whatever, we would 

 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
certainly like to use that. But at this point in time, it will be very difficult for us to 
comment on this as we need to still look for a blueprint and then look for overall 
kind of synergies that will happen, actually. Yes, on a long road, yes, it will have 
some kind of benefits. And then we will certainly look to exploit the synergies, 
whatever is going to be there, actually.  
Abdulkader P.: 
Yeah. So, that was pretty much of my first question. My second question is 
basically if I refer to one of your slides, slide six, you detailed out the kind of 
opportunity or the addressable market size which Suven Pharma would be 
catering. So, I understand, I mean, historically, we had a presence in the 
intermediate portion and now we are also trying to look at API. So, based on the 
current capacities, what you have, what is, again, immediately on the plate or, this 
is something what we aspire to move towards for in the near future by, getting 
some traction from your clients? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Yeah, that is a very good question. Basically, I would like to say, actually, as you 
know very well that, we have built a capacity specifically with the OEL4 for 
customers and it is for that market. And we would certainly like to leverage those 
APIs, what is really being required, and then we would like to focus on that. That’s 
what the new team which is going to work on as Mr. Vaidheesh and Mr. Sudhir 
were talking about, actually, the new team which is Brian (newly added Chief 
Commercial Officer in US) and then the team which has come, they will be focused 
on to get into work on those lines, actually, to think about where we can leverage 
that. Suven’s, capacity, we do have. We do not have any problem at this point of 
time, actually. 
Abdulkader P.: 
Sure, sure. And just the final one from my end, so, and again, referring to the 
presentation, we mentioned that there are 13 active commercial projects. So, this 
includes the COVID molecules as well. Is that understanding, correct? 
Venkatraman Sunder: 10 commercial molecules, CDMO, three are the specialty chemicals. Three 
commercial molecules, specialty chemicals are included. That is why it is 13. 
Prasada Raju: 
Abdul, answer to your question, the COVID products were excluded because it is 
one-off. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jinal Sheth from Awriga Capital Advisors.  
Jinal Sheth: 
My question is, we have five molecules in the phase three segment. Is there any 
update on that in terms of moving to phase four? 

 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
Sudhir Singh: 
As of now, we have been in touch with customers. As of now, there is no update on 
customers. As and when something comes up, we will keep updating everybody. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay. And given the fact that our capex has been very subdued at INR26 or INR27 
crore in first half, if these molecules were to go into phase four, would we be in a 
position to address the needs of the customer in terms of capacity, sir? 
Venkatraman Sunder: See, it is not directly linked. The capex is totally different compared to what we are 
talking about. The molecule coming off, it has got nothing to do with the capex. 
Actually, we have already had a capex, including the new capex that was incurred 
in Suryapet, what Dr. Sudhir was telling, actually. We are ready to go commercial 
there, actually. We have adequate capacity in case any of these molecules, 
specifically when you are referring to these five molecules, even one of the 
molecules gets into the prelaunch position, we will be ready to go. There won't be 
any, what you call, pressure on the capex, pressure on the capacity. Yeah. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay, great. Secondly, just on the speciality business, when I see the revenues for 
the quarter was around INR55 crore. Now, this number is a very low number 
versus what we have reported in the last, I think the lowest number of last we saw 
was in December 20 quarter. So, I understand that there is a subdued outlook, but 
sequentially, should we get better or the numbers can actually go lower than the 
current reported number? 
Sudhir Singh: 
As we said in the beginning of the call, that Spec Chem business is going through 
the downturn and we are not the only one, everybody is facing that challenge. 
What we learned from our customers that, please talking China issue, Brazil 
drought, that will continue in the next couple of quarters and hopefully after a few 
quarters, we should see the bounce back. 
Jinal Sheth: 
Okay, so there's no clarity with respect to that we are running along the bottom. It 
could further decline from your given the industry environment? 
Sudhir Singh: 
It's hard to say, but this is our gut feeling that probably we have bottomed out. This 
is our gut feeling, but it's hard to say because we depend on the customers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Kshitij Kaji from SageOne.  
Kshitij Kaji: 
I just had one question. So, from your opening remark, you cited that, spending 
heavily on a lot of commercial avenues. So, hiring a sales force in US, Europe, also 
be spending more on R&D for new platforms, etc. So, given that Suven's margins 
are, already so high today, in the next three, one or two years, do we intend to go 
in an investment phase and, which may impact the margins and, it may get back 

 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
these margins after a few years, or how do we see margins from maybe a one to 
two-year standpoint? 
Annaswamy V.: 
Yeah, thank you. Kshitij, That's a very good question. So, at the end of the day, all 
our investment that we are making is not for just for a couple of quarters, or for a 
couple of years. It's for a decade. All our business expectation that we have out of 
these investments are towards the long term. So, we won't be worrying too much 
about what it will do to our current EBITDA because that's not a way we are we are 
designing our organization. This is for a long term. And at the end of the day, we'll 
all start seeing the results. Even after a couple of years, all the investments will 
start paying off. But we are here for a long term. And obviously maintaining, the 
kind of margin that this company is used to. 
Kshitij Kaji: 
Right. So, in the near term, do we expect margins may come off slightly? Or do we 
intend to keep the current levels? 
Annaswamy V.: 
Well, as you know, that our aim is to keep the current margins, we'll be in and 
around the current margin levels. But there will be a couple of percentage points 
because of the fact that we are investing, you may see some variation. But at the 
end of the day, it's not something for you for us to worry about. It is not a big issue 
for us to tell you that there's going to be a big drop in our margin, but we'll be in and 
around what we have been delivering in the past. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sunil M. Kothari from Unique PMS.  
Sunil Kothari: 
Thank you for the opportunity and welcome to the new board members, MD, CEO, 
and it's a very glad to hear the voice of Mr. Venkat Sunder also. Sir, my point I just 
wanted to convey or ask is, I'm since long I'm shareholder of Suven, the way Mr. 
Jasti has emerged and created this unique and very specialized company. So, my 
point is to ask you is, what are the plus points which you have been encouraged to 
buy this out to this company? And second, which are the places and areas where 
you feel you can do better than what the past management was doing? So little bit 
a qualitatively, if you can talk, will be really helpful? 
Annaswamy V.:  
Yeah. So Know, you're pretty bang on in terms of why investment has to happen 
and why did we engage in investing in this company. See, first and foremost, as 
you rightly said, Mr. Jasti and his management done a fantastic job of creating this 
special, a kind of a niche market and created niche for CRAMs and CDMOs. The 
biggest opportunity is in scaling up. One of the biggest strengths that we have, we 
as a management team, as you must have seen, the kind of team that we have put 
together is in scaling up our deep customer partnership. Like for example, Jasti and 

 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
his earlier management had developed partnership with certain set of customers, 
which is pretty good. Now it's our job to deepen those relationships, take it to the 
next level, what I call the Suven plus. Differentiated scientific capability, right? Now 
the kind of talent that we are bringing in are going to be addition to what the 
organization has done, because the macros are so good. As Dr. Prasad and Dr 
Sudhir had mentioned, the macro is so good, this is the time for us to scale up and 
go and get this opportunity.  
Delivery excellence is pretty good, and we need to scale that up and make sure 
that we are able to meet more customers and reform whatever we have and also 
too. And the last but not the least, the talented employee pool that we are bringing 
in, they're going to give multiple engines of growth. So frankly, my opinion, it's no 
brainer for many of the investors to come and take this opportunity and take it to 
the new level of what Jasti has left. And Dr. Prasad, you would like to say a few 
words. 
Prasada Raju: 
Yeah, thank you, Vaidheesh, and thank you, Sunil, for your comments. Just to 
summarize, we are primarily looking for marquee customers with a deepened 
relationship, and wherever we go, we're always very heartened to hear the clear 
message of reliability and delivery orientation. It completely differentiates Suven 
from any other partner in the same CDMO booth space. This is one of the biggest 
motivations for us. 
Second, scientific capabilities and innovation through science has been another 
important pillar. Third, normally any company comes with a lot of risk mitigation 
outside of the strategy and outside of the business, but this company, in Suven, we 
have multiple engines of growth. All the engines have immense potential to 
substantially grow further. Primarily, these are all the three important elements 
which we feel are the key elements for us to be able to really look at this company. 
These are all the elements that help us to really grow this company to the next 
orbit. 
As you also have followed us, we felt, following the question what you mentioned, 
what you feel could have been done better or what you feel could be invested. We 
have found answers for it. That's where the commercial engine has been 
completely rebooted. 
Sunil Kothari: 
Great, sir. Just my observation, I would like to convey that Suven is dependent on 
very few global giants, and the way Mr. Jasti has proven track record without any 
accident, without any observation, without any problem. I feel the hurry to scale up 

 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
new management will not make any mistake and will definitely grow faster than the 
past. My good wishes to you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Investment.  
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, typically, we indicated that we have three months to six months visibility on the 
pharma business. Can you provide some colour on how the second half of this 
year, particularly for the pharma business, looks like versus the first half? 
Sudhir Singh: 
As we said in the beginning, we look very positive. Pharma, CDMO outlook looks 
very positive. However, at this point, it's very difficult to give you the guidance or a 
number. But as I said in the beginning, that pharma, CDMO is bullish. 
Prasada Raju: 
We're quite excited with this, Chirag, in addition to what Dr. Sudhir has rightly 
mentioned. As you understand, our business, it all depends on our customers and 
products growth. From an organization, we are trying to do everything right 
internally, and we are fully prepared to co-grow along with our partners. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood, sir. There is nothing unusual happening this year, post the change in 
ownership. That is a very clear message, sir? 
Prasada Raju: 
Yes. 
Sudhir Singh: 
Of course. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. 
Prasada Raju: 
That's a big yes, Chirag. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood, sir. Okay. And, sir, in one of your slides, you're mentioning that 75% of 
your active projects are with global innovators, where Suven is a partner of choice. 
When you say global innovators, do you mean big pharma or emerging biotech 
companies as well? 
Prasada Raju: 
No, it's fully big pharma only. 
Sudhir Singh: 
I would put it as a large cap vertical, that includes the big pharma as well as the 
spec chem. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood, sir. Okay. And, sir, just if I can squeeze one more question, what are 
your plans for formulations business? You know, where does this fit into the overall 
scheme of things as far as creating a CDMO, post the merger, etc, is concerned? 

 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
Where does formulations, both the factory as well as the ANDAs, etc., where does 
that fit in, sir? 
Prasada Raju: 
Chirag, as you understand this business very well, what we're actually trying to do 
is two things. One, we wanted to build a five year blueprint to understand what kind 
of strategic choices that we wanted to see. Irrespective of it, we feel while our 
biasness is to stick to the core, which is CDMO of pharma and spec chem, we 
wanted to make sure that every business should grow to the fullest extent of its 
potential. 
That's where our biasness goes more to the core business. However, to the 
possible extent, we try to see capacities are properly managed, and today the 
formulation business, especially on the Casper side, we see the opportunity for 
capacity optimization. Our endeavor is to make sure that capacity is optimally 
utilized. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. And why has R&D increased, R&D spend increased in the second 
quarter, sir? 
Venkatraman Sunder: It's basically because of some filings that have happened. 
Chirag Dagli: 
It will go back to earlier levels? Or will it remain at the elevated level? 
Venkatraman Sunder: We cannot say that way, but it depends on the filings, actually, and the R&D cost is 
only related to that. And then some process R&D is also there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Nihar Dave from Vallum Capital.  
Nihar Dave: 
Just one question I have, this last question has been asked prior, but if you just 
look at commercialized molecules that we are making for big pharma. So, is there 
any possibility of any contracts happening in that? Because previously, the 
company has said that that doesn't necessarily work on contracts, but more on 
understanding between the pharma company and Suven. So, just wondering if that 
can work on contract basis? 
Prasada Raju: 
So, if I understand correctly, Nihar, as you understand, there are certain multilevel 
contracting happens, especially quality and supply agreements. Commercial level, 
it is always goes with a partnership model that is being ensured. And we also see if 
there is any possibility to improve further, we can send. Otherwise, they are in 
existence. Quality and supply agreement, without that, no pioneering company will 
come back for any CDMO opportunity. 

 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Nihar Dave: 
Right. So, and so much my follow-up question to that would be that in earlier 
phases, what are the, again, like you said, it's just quality and this thing that you, 
that the contract is based on in earlier phases. 
Prasada Raju: 
That's right, Nihar. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prolin Nandu from Goldfish Capital. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Just one question from my side. You mentioned that in the last one month, you 
have met a lot of clients, right, and probably conveyed them this whole transition of 
ownership. But have you also been communicating to them about this whole Suven 
plus approach? And if you can share some client's feedback that what are they? I 
mean, how excited are they about this whole Suven plus model that you just 
mentioned a few questions back? If you can just give some anecdotal kind of an 
evidence or some conversation that you had with the client, that will help? 
Sudhir Singh: 
Yeah. Thank you for the question. As you said that definitely we met a measure of 
our clients and they gave us their own feedback. They're excited with the new 
journey. Our focus is mostly on two things, improving our capabilities in R&D and 
investing in ESG. And as you know that in today's world, every big pharma is 
looking for a big way on ESG investment. And that has been our focus since we 
took over and improving our R&D capabilities and enhancing our ESG capability. 
Prolin Nandu: 
Sure. No. So where I was coming from was that, obviously a lot of people have 
asked about this whole merger with the platform entity that is going to come, right, 
in some sense. And that was one of the reasons, if not the only reason for 
changing ownership. So, I mean, our clients also equally excited about an entity 
which is going to be much larger than erstwhile Suven. And are we getting the kind 
of confidence that we had before meeting them? I mean, is the confidence level the 
same as it was before meeting them as well? 
Sudhir Singh: 
Actually, to be honest, I mean, since we are, ourselves is not clear when it 
happens, what will happen, and we did not bring it up and no customers have 
asked this question. There was no question from any customer on this merger. 
Moderator: 
The next question is a follow-up question from the line of Chirag Dagli from the 
DSP.  
Chirag Dagli: 
Yes, sir. Sir, what will be the capex for this year and next? 
Prasada Raju: 
As a part of our overall blueprint, we are still evaluating whatever has already been 
approved by the board. We still feel there is no need for us to immediately revisit 

 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
on to it. However, in next coming quarters, we will again review whatever is needed 
to be invested on the various growth engines. Then again, we will calibrate the 
existing approved capex can be repurposed and used. Otherwise, we will come 
back with a full answer. Immediately, we do not feel the necessity of immediate 
capex right now. 
Chirag Dagli: 
So, you have done INR25 crore in the first half. Likely, the second half also will be 
similar, sir? 
Prasada Raju: 
Likely, the same run rate will maintain. However, you should please look at two 
important elements. There is already approved capex, for example, INR200 crore 
of R&D and Pashamylaram facility expansion that we are not spending right now. 
Hence, consumption of existing capex, we will try to phase it appropriately. Is there 
any need for new capex? We will come back with a comprehensive answer once 
we complete our overall five-year strategic blueprint. I hope it answers your 
question. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood, sir. This is the last question, sir. By when do you think you can talk to 
us about the Cohance merger with Numbers and a proper plan in terms of 
timelines, if you were to guess? 
Prasada Raju: 
Like all of you, we are also quite excited. Please allow us for some time. 
Appropriately, we will get back to you, please. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers India Private 
Limited.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
Wishing all the new management team all the very best for the future as well as for 
the near term. Sir, just one question I had. While we understand in such a large 
acquisition, it takes time for the new management team to set themselves, get into 
the groove, understand the business fully from inside out and then execute their 
plan of action as we go ahead. While this is very true and the long-term picture, as 
you said, we are in the process of preparing a five-year blueprint. 
But while all this is happening, we also know that on a practical ground, there are 
certain near-term targets also, the near-term things which have to be managed and 
they are targets in terms of an execution for the execution team. From that 
perspective, I know it's a little near-term outlook, but given the fact that from a 
shareholder wealth creation perspective, long-term has been very historic, but from 
slightly medium to near-term, there has been a stagnation there. And we are 

 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
looking at how we are also excited and anxiety is there with respect to the near-
term also. 
So, do you believe that FY23 revenues of INR1,340 crore or do you think we will be 
in a position to protect that given on one side the huge correction in spec-chem but 
on the other side the pharma and formulations outlook is doing reasonably better? 
So, do you believe that we will be able to protect that kind of a revenue for that 
year, how H2 looks at? And also going into FY25, it's a relatively near-term, do you 
believe that we can start looking at growth from there on? 
Prasada Raju: 
So, thank you for raising this point. It's a very important question. I'll just try to 
divide this into three important elements. One is the proven experience of M&A, 
such a large investment. We are very happy to inform you that as a team, we have 
proven track record of last 41 months where successfully multiple transactions 
have happened without compromising on core of each business and protecting the 
culture of every organization. 
 
That gives immense confidence to us as you have also seen, we have instilled right 
professional team and the competent team is already built-in and this has been 
thought through as a part of the transition. Hence on day 1, majority of the hires are 
already in place. So, answer to the first point, on M&A side, we feel that is the 
unique competence and capability that we have with proven track record. Hence, 
we believe that's going to be a substantial strength for us. 
Coming back to while you're trying to address about a long-term view, how are we 
trying to do what can be done in short-term to mid-term? As you understand this 
business, we wanted to be a preferred partner of choice to our customers as Dr. 
Sudhir has rightly mentioned. We found there are certain strategic interventions 
which are needed, for example, investing and expanding in R&D capabilities. While 
we have OEB facility at a scale up level, we don't have R&D which can handle the 
product at OEB level in a meaningful manner. Hence, we have decided to 
strategically go ahead with investments in Genome Valley. These are all the certain 
interventions and actions possible to secure mid-term to long-term via short-term. 
However, it's very difficult for us to predict how the product level and customer level 
growth is going to happen. Hence, we might not be able to comment specifically on 
the current year closure. However, next six quarters which is going to be full year of 
next year, we are quite convinced that there are growth avenues which will be 
completely unlocked because of two reasons. One, macros will be softened. 
Number two, whatever interventions that we are putting right now will also be 

 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
resulted. As you know, anything that we do in the current space in CDMO business 
takes time. I hope the questions are answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Darshit Shah from Nirvana Capital. 
Darshit Shah: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the opportunity and all the best to the new team to carry on the 
legacy of Mr. Jasti, who has created this great company. Sir, my question pertains 
to Suven has historically generated good amount of cash flows and even right now 
we have around close to more than INR700 crore of cash and investments in our 
books. Probably, by the end of this year, it would inch towards INR1,000-odd crore. 
So, I understand you are in the midst of making this five-year blueprint, but would 
there be a dividend policy also in that blueprint where we would probably have a 
formalized dividend payout to the shareholders? 
Prasada Raju: 
As of now, if I have to really come back, yes, there is a healthy cash position right 
now. The way current priority for us is right now to look at the five years to six years 
of strategic blueprint. As you know, strategy has no relevance unless it comes into 
execution excellence and we are definitely looking for an accelerated growth 
opportunity for Suven, which means we might have to choose to decide on 
inorganic options of acquisitions through Suven. Hence, we wanted to preserve this 
cash situation so that our abilities to go and accelerate the growth via M&A will be 
protected. This is how we are looking at right now. However, as all of you know, 
with Mr. Jasti's legacy, company has been securing the shareholders' value 
creation. Whatever we do on the M&A side also, which is going to be completely a 
value-accretive plan. 
Darshit Shah: 
Got it. Just to confirm, in terms of molecules, we mentioned there are five 
molecules currently in the Phase 3, is that correct? 
Venkatraman Sunder: Correct, yes. 
Darshit Shah: 
And lastly, since the open offer has been concluded, what will be our total stake, if 
you could highlight after the open offer, if the tendering process has been done? 
Prasada Raju: 
Currently, we are still waiting for the… 
Venkatraman Sunder: The merchant bankers are still to give the final data. We don't know as of now. We 
will need to get the data from merchant bankers. Then only we will be able to give. 
They are working on it. 
Prasada Raju: 
Currently, we are still waiting for the final consolidated report and once we receive 
it, we will certainly share with some form and shape to all of you. 

 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Darshit Shah: 
Sure, sir. Just lastly, sir, if I can squeeze in, in Suven, as earlier the participant 
asked, we understand it's more of an intermediate supplier to the innovators. And 
even the erstwhile management has spoken about migrating towards API for 
innovators, which will far more value-accretive business for them. So, what's your 
take on that and where are we in that process of value migration from 
intermediates to supplying APIs to innovators? 
Prasada Raju: 
We are quite excited and happy to inform you that that plan is still active. Yes, you 
must have followed the previous conversations. Innovator has to come back to us 
by auditing our facilities and completing certain formalities. That is still on and we 
are quite hopeful that soon, we will get into the graduation of supplying from 
intermediate to API and we hope that we should see one such example in near 
term. 
Darshit Shah: 
Great, sir. Nice to hear that from you and all the best for the upcoming years. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Varun Bang from Bryanston Investments. 
Varun Bang: 
Just in addition to the previous question, as and when this API or let's say, forward 
or backward integration activity starts, would it be on an experimental basis or it will 
be a full-fledged and good value business for us? How should one look at it? 
Prasada Raju: 
If you are asking about graduation of a CDMO on pharma side from intermediate to 
API, it is a commercial molecule. By the innovator, it is going to be a long-term 
project. 
Varun Bang: 
Yeah. So, would it be a good value business or? 
Prasada Raju: 
Yes, it is going to be very value accretive and it's going to be commercial and it is 
going to be very long-term. As you know, the patent cycle goes on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be our last question for today. I now 
hand the conference back to the management for the closing comments. Thank 
you and over to you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you everyone for your time. If any questions that are unanswered, please 
reach out to the investor relations team at CDR or me. Thanks a lot and wish you 
all a very Happy Diwali. 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of 
the content, wherever appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
 
