Nazara Technologies Limited 
 
 
Nazara
TM 
 
India | Middle East | Africa | Europe 
Regd. Office: 51-54, Maker Chamber III, Nariman Point Mumbai - 400021. Tel. : +91-22-40330800 / 22810303 / 22813030  
Fax : +91-22-22810606 E-mail: info@nazara.com Website : www.nazara.com CIN : L72900MH1999PLC122970 
 
        November 15, 2023 
 
To, 
Listing Compliance Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400 001. 
Scrip Code: 543280 
Listing Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1. G Block, 
Bandra -Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai- 400051. 
Scrip Symbol: NAZARA 
 
Subject:Transcript of the Investor/Analyst Earnings Call held on  
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance to our letter dated November 09, 2023 regarding the audio recording of the 
investors earnings call for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, please find enclosed 
herewith the transcript of the said call. The Transcript is also available on the Company’s 
website i.e. www.nazara.com.  
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You,  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Nazara Technologies Limited  
 
 
 
 
Varsha Vyas  
Company Secretary and Compliance officer  
 
Encl: A/a 
VARSHA 
VALLABH VYAS
Digitally signed by 
VARSHA VALLABH VYAS 
Date: 2023.11.15 
23:13:58 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Nazara Technologies Limited 
Q2 & H1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NITISH MITTERSAIN – JOINT MANAGING 
DIRECTOR & CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. SUDHIR KAMATH - CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 
MR. RAKESH SHAH – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
MS. ANUPRIYA SINHA DAS – HEAD OF CORPORATE 
DEVELOPMENT 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISEK BANERJEE – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th November 2023 will prevail. 
 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Nazara Technologies Limited Q2 and 
H1 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to 
ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need any assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. This conference call may contain 
forward-looking statements about the company which are based on beliefs, opinions and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the guarantees 
of the future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. I 
now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhisek Banerjee. Thank you and over to you Sir! 
Abhisek Banerjee: 
Hello everyone. Welcome to the Nazara’s Q2 FY2024 conference call. We have with us 
from Nazara management Mr. Nitish Mittersain - Founder and CEO. Mr. Sudhir Kamath – 
COO and Ms. Anupriya Sinha Das – Head of Corporate Development. Thanks everyone for 
giving us the opportunity to host this call and now over to Mr. Nitish Mittersain for his 
opening comments. Thanks Sir. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Thank you. Good morning everyone and a very warm welcome to all of you to Nazara’s Q2 
FY2024 earnings call. This call is joined by Sudhir Kamath, Our Chief Operating Officer, 
Mr. Rakesh Shah - Group Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Anupriya Sinha Das – Head of 
Corporate Development and SGA, our IR Advisors. We have uploaded our result 
presentation on the exchanges, and I hope all of you had an opportunity to go through the 
same. 
In Q2 FY2024 our revenue increased by 13% year-on-year reaching Rs.297.2 Crores. Our 
EBITDA grew by 30% year-on-year to Rs.27.9 Crores and our PAT in the same period 
increased by 53% YoY to Rs.24.2 crore. 
For H1 FY2024 we reported revenue of Rs.551.7 Crores and EBITDA for the same period 
reached Rs. 61 Crores which is up 19% year-on- year and our PAT climbed 42% to Rs.45 
Crores. The EBITDA margin for the first half of the year was recorded at 11.1% compared 
to 10.6% in the comparative period of the previous year. 
Our core business segments gaming and eSports continue to grow and specifically, the 
Gaming segment saw a YoY 19% revenue increase and a 43% EBITDA jump in the first 
half. While Q2 saw a year-on-year 14% revenue growth and 46% EBITDA growth. In 
eSports segment H1 FY2024 saw saw a 21% revenue uptick and a 16% growth in EBITDA 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 18 
while Q2 saw a 26% year-on-year growth in revenue and 61% growth in EBITDA. Our 
Adtech business is still overcoming the challenges faced earlier due to the loss of a key 
customer but our margin profile is improving quite well especially driven by products 
business and last two quarters efforts of building a strong sales pipeline are likely to convert 
into much better results in the coming quarters. Also, our internal use of data user 
acquisition capability is yielding promising results as we had originally envisaged and we 
have right now experimented this with Animal Jam and hope to expand it to many of our 
different businesses going forward. Overall the first half of the year, we believe that many 
of our businesses are consolidating well, focused strongly on ensuring that the KPIs or the 
key performance indicators that we focus on are in the right direction as the business 
generating cash which will be deployed in coming quarters for accelerating organic growth 
as well as through strategic M&As. 
Especially on the M&A front, given the opportunities in front of us, we are quite confident 
that we will be able to deploy our cash reserves quite well. We have over Rs.1,300 Crores 
of cash on our consolidated books including Rs.510 Crores we recently raised in this 
quarter from Nikhil Kamath and SBI Mutual Fund. I believe Nazara is well positioned to 
leverage acquisition opportunities to further accelerate our growth in the coming years. 
We also see a promising Make in India opportunity in the gaming industry when Indian 
developers can create high quality game not only for the home market but also for the 
world. Our new division “Nazara Publishing” is geared to provide capital and services to 
assist developers in bringing top quality games to the growing consumer base. 
I would now like to hand over the call to Anupriya, our Head of Corporate Development to 
give some highlights of our performance segment wise in this quarter. Thank you very 
much and over to you Anupriya! 
Anupriya Sinha Das:  
Thank you Nitish. Good morning everyone. Wish you a very Happy Diwali. As you are all 
aware Nazara operates across three business segments gaming, eSports and Adtech. Gaming 
includes gamified early learning, skill-based real money gaming, freemium and telco sub-
segments. This segment grew by 19% year-on-year in H1 FY2024 and 14% year-on-year in 
Q2 FY2024 coupled with EBITDA growth of 43% year-on-year in H1 FY2024 and 46% 
year-on-year in Q2 FY2024. This segment contributed 39% in revenue and 68% in 
EBITDA in H1 FY2024. The EBITDA margins for this business are a robust 22.7% in H1 
FY2024 and 20.9% in Q2 FY2024. Now within gaming if we talk about specific IPs, 
Kiddopia the revenue grew by 8% year-on-year in H1 FY2024 to Rs. 113.9 Crores and 6% 
year-on-year in Q2 FY2024 to Rs. 56.3 Crores. EBITDA for the business increased 29 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Crores a year-on-year increase of 57%, in Q2 FY2024 EBITDA increased by 46% to Rs. 
12.9 Crores. We have continued to focus on acquiring customers at an optimal cost to 
ensure healthy EBITDA margin. This has resulted in margin expansion. EBITDA margin 
increased from 17.5% in H1 FY2023 to 25.5% in H1 FY2024 while Q2 margins increased 
from 16.5% in Q2 FY2023 to 22.9% in Q2 FY2024. Seasonally weak quarter which is the 
back to school post summer break coupled with challenges in scaling up UA spends via 
Google has led to a 2.7% decline in subscribers in the current quarter. However, we are 
working closely with various ad networks to enhance scale of user acquisition while 
maintaining the optimal level of CPT. We are also working on a multi-pronged approach to 
bring growth back for Kiddopia. This includes going beyond direct to consumer acquisition 
sources to school networks, licensing popular IPs to drive organic growth, focusing on 
scaling up new markets and opening new revenue streams such as advertising and 
merchandizing. While some of these initiatives will take some time to show up in results we 
are hopeful they will create a platform for stronger future growth. 
Moving on to Animal Jam this is an IP we acquired in August 2022. Since then we have 
worked on multiple things. We have optimized non-core cost which has resulted in 
EBITDA margin of 24% in Q2 FY2024, a significant increase from 11.6% in Q4 FY2023. 
Within the product the focus has been on improving monetization loops. This has resulted 
in a 46% year-on-year increase in ARPDAU in Q2 FY2024, new user monetization 
increased to 2.0% in this quarter versus 1.4% at the time of acquisition in August 2022. We 
are working on licensing deals to introduce popular IPs within Animal Jam which would 
drive organic growth. We expect to start scaling up marketing spends in the coming 
quarters to drive revenue growth as well. 
Moving to WCC the revenue for the WCC franchise stood at Rs.5.4 Crores in Q2 FY2024 
with an EBITDA growth of 23% year-on-year. In Q2 we transitioned our main titles WCC2 
and WCC3 to online only mode where customers who want to play offline have to pay or 
watch a rewarded video ad, this resulted in a lower daily and monthly active users but we 
have not seen any dip in ad revenues. Further this gives us more clarity on the true ARPU 
of our players and so we can increase spend on user acquisition that would help us scale up 
this business to its true potential. We are also increasing focus on launching WCC in global 
markets where the ARPU would be much higher. 
Moving to open play which is our IP in the skill-based real money gaming segment, this 
segment’s revenues and EBITDA stood at Rs.25.2 Crores and Rs.3.3 Crores respectively in 
H1 FY2024. In July 2023 the GST Council decided to levy a 28% tax on the entry fees of 
real money game, this has come into effect from October 1, 2023. Due to the 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 18 
implementation of new GST taxation from October 1, 2023 we expect Classic Rummy to 
post an EBITDA loss in Q3 FY2024 before stabilizing to break even by Q4 FY2024 again. 
There have been industry wide issues related to large claims from authorities over past tax 
liability. We continue to monitor this situation closely. With clarity on taxation Nazara will 
seek to grow the open play business once it stabilizes from the GST impact as well as 
actively explore attractive acquisition opportunities in the real money gaining segment. 
Moving to eSports, this segment grew by 21% in H1 FY2024 and 26% year-on-year in Q2 
FY2024 coupled with an EBITDA growth of 16% in H1 FY2024 and 61% year-on-year in 
Q2 FY2024. This segment contributed to 52% in revenue and 28% in EBITDA in H1 
FY2024. Nodwin the revenue increased by 15% in H1 FY2024 and 20% in Q2 FY2024. A 
significant development in H1 FY2024 was the return of BGMI. Nodwin conducted a 
second season of BGMI Master Series for India which was telecasted on Star Sports and 
Rooter. Multiple events including PUBG MOBILE Club Open (PMCO) and PUBG 
MOBILE Pro League South Asia (PMPL) were held in international markets. As the 
popular games have only recently returned we expect momentum in IPs around these games 
and associated media rights to pick up going forward. H2 is usually the key period for 
Nodwin where we have many established IPs and event schedules. Our gaming accessories 
business Wings launched gaming focus laptop series for the festive season, some of the 
revenues during this period moved into Q3 due to Diwali being in November this year. 
Moving to Sportskeeda we have reported a robust year-on-year growth of 50% to Rs.87.2 
Crores in H1 FY2024 and 47% year on-ear in Q2 FY2024 to Rs.41.4 Crores. EBITDA for 
the business improved to Rs.25.1 Crores in H1 FY2024 which is a growth of 44% year on-
year whereas for Q2 FY2024 EBITDA increased to 9.6% which is a growth of 32% year-
on-year. In the month of September we are happy to announce that Sportskeeda crossed 100 
million user mark for the first time. We have been able to significantly scale Pro Football 
Network, a business we acquired in March 2023. In September 2023 PFN was ranked as the 
number two NFL focus website in the US. PFN business also achieved EBITDA 
profitability in September this year. 
Moving to Adtech over the last year we have been focusing on reducing low margin work 
and moving towards higher margin business clients and simultaneously expanding our 
client base to remove any further concentration risk. The loss of a key client continues to 
impact revenues in this quarter resulting in a year-on-year decline of revenues to Rs.50.2 
Crores in H1 FY2024 compared to Rs.67.6 Crores for H1 FY2023. However the gross 
margin percentage has sharply improved from 18% to 24.6% and total gross margins have 
also increased from Rs.12.0 Crores to 12.3 Crores in the same period showing that this 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 18 
revised approach is beginning to pay off. While gross margins have improved EBITDA has 
declined from Rs.6.8 Crores in H1 FY2023 to Rs.3.2 Crores in H1 FY2024. This reflects a 
significantly higher investment in our sales and marketing efforts in the form of team 
overheads as well as marketing events. These investments in marketing during Q2 FY2024 
and the ongoing efforts in the current third quarter has significantly bolstered our pipeline 
and started leading to a higher conversion rate from our sales pipeline and the formation of 
key partnerships. Additionally, we have recently welcomed a senior marketing head who 
will spearhead marketing initiatives across all verticals. Mediawrkz the dedicated Publisher 
Monetization Solutions Division of Datawrkz has earned the prestigious Google Certified 
Publisher Partner certification. This is expected to help with increased market penetrations 
in conjunction with new ad monetization products being rolled out by Mediawrkz. We 
continue to benefit from a closed working between Datawrkz and Animal Jam team and 
expect to expand this to various other companies within our group. With this I will close my 
remarks here and would like to open the call for Q&A. I would request Nitish, Sudhir and 
Rakesh Shah to join me for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Jinesh Joshi from Prabhudas Lilladher Private Limited. Please 
go ahead. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. In the opening remarks you mentioned that due to this 
implementation of new GST rate from October 1, 2023 we expect Classic Rummy to post 
an EBITDA loss in 3Q but we expect that to stabilize in 4Q so what I want to understand is 
what changes are we instituting to kind of get a breakeven within a quarter given the fact 
that the tax rate on full bet value is quite discouraging, also in order to attract players do we 
plan to reduce our platform fee or give a higher joining bonus, what is our plan here 
basically? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
The way the GST has been implemented there is 28% tax on deposit now effective October 
1, 2023. At this point of time all the market players including us are absorbing entire impact 
of this increase in tax not pass it to the player what that means is basically erodes are 
margins and therefore we made a comment saying that in Q3 some level of EBITDA loss as 
we optimize the business. The way we are looking to come back to a break-even and early 
signs are quite positive is one of course as we knew that this change is coming up we had 
undertaken significant cost optimization measures. I think they are helpful to us. Second is 
we will slightly increase our commission that we charge or the rates that we charge which 
will increase our net revenues and the third we have also for example incentivized the users 
to withdraw less, there is usually a very circular loop, people keep withdrawing and again 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 18 
positive, so we are kind of incentivizing the users to keep money in the system rather than 
continuously withdraw and deposit to reduce our outgoing tax liability, so I think these are 
some ideas I am sharing but there is a lot of work and lot of ideas that the team is 
implementing and we are very confident that the business will stabilize and then set a base 
for future growth. I think from Nazara perspective all along we have been saying for us 
getting clarity on taxation and regulatory aspects of the real money gaming space was very 
important before we took more aggressive moves. I believe that has largely been achieved 
now and therefore we are in a good position to both push aggressively for growth in open 
play going forward as well as look at potential acquisitions in that space. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Sure Sir got that. My second question is on eSports now I believe eSports was a medal 
event in the recently concluded Asian games so would you have any specific data to share 
on viewership and sponsors which can give us some idea on the acceptance of the sport as 
such, also I believe this time around the competition was on some seven titles so how does 
the selection of the game happen and do you expect the titles to rise going forward, so 
eSports was a medal event in the recently concluded Asian games so do you have any 
specific data on viewership and sponsors which you would want to share that can give us 
some idea with respect to the acceptance of the sport as such? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So, answering the second question first is that the Asian games are currently chosen by the 
Olympic Committee, OCA and it was broadcast on SonyLIV, we do not have very specific 
data on it but I think it is a great first start for eSports brought into the Asian Games. I think 
it just helps creates credibility of eSports being seen as a proper sport and even recent 
comment they will look at bringing on eSports into the Olympics soon. So I think all in all 
it is a very positive thing. There were no separate sponsors other than the Asian games 
sponsors specifically for this. 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Thank you so much Sir and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Abhishek Kumar from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Hi good morning and congratulations on fund rise really for marquee investors there so my 
question is on the utilization of these funds while it is given in one of the slides the area that 
you are looking at but in terms of timelines do we have any timelines by which we want to 
deploy these funds and then I have a followup? 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 18 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So Abhishek we have built a pretty strong pipeline I will say in most of this year and last 12 
months I would say and the market is very conducive for us to be able to potentially acquire 
businesses at attractive prices and that businesses that we believe can grow well for us in 
the future, so having a strong pipeline we are looking at trying to take some of these across 
the finish line in the next couple of quarters but we are not in some tearing hurry we want to 
make sure that just because we have raised capital we do not randomly buy anything which 
is not helpful for us so we want to be very prudent about how we deploy at the same time I 
think we would love to see some deployment of this capital before the end of the current 
financial year. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Maybe related question was that even before this preferential money comes in we were 
sitting at 820 odd Crores of cash and it is well distributed across our subsidiaries I was just 
wondering do we really need 500 Crores additional and is the money which is lying in 
different subsidiary fungible enough for us to kind of make acquisitions at the corporate 
level? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So to answer your second question first, we see lot of opportunities on the M&A side for 
the specific subsidiaries running their own businesses and therefore it is most efficient for 
us to deploy the capital directly from there rather than bring it back to the corporate at this 
point of time, if we had not seen opportunities in each of these businesses then we would 
probably try to do that but at this point of time we have acquisition pipelines in each of our 
businesses whether it is gamified learning business whether it is the eSports business, 
Sportskeeda, etc., so the idea is to really deploy from there to buy businesses or 
opportunities that will add value to each of that segment. In terms of why did we pull in 
additional capital I think we really at a point of time where the value opportunity for us is 
significant and I would love to see us be able to take some larger transactions than what we 
have done in the past and therefore we wanted to make sure that we have money in the bank 
it puts us in a very strong negotiation space, we can negotiate hard and close some good 
deals that was really the intent to preempt our strategy. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
Maybe one last question on the strategic direction from these acquisitions. On one hand we 
are saying that we have already launched the publishing business and at the same time we 
are looking to acquire and from what I read on the presentation some of the game studios so 
just wanted to understand where do we want to position ourselves as a publishing platform 
allowing game studios and developers an opportunity to really build games, etc., in the 
medium term or do we really want to be ourselves, game studios building these games for 
various platforms? Thank you. 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think both of these activities which is acquiring and owning our own game studios as well 
as providing a platform that allows publishing especially in a market like India which is 
much anticipated to grow big and lot of Indian developers as well as global developers want 
to access this market are both very complimentary and synergistic a lot of our learning from 
the studios that we operate can be replicated in the publishing initiative and be very helpful 
to the third party developers that we bring in. Publishing of course will be without equity to 
the developers but the studios that we really like we may also acquire so actually the 
publishing can also become a fantastic funnel for future acquisitions by Nazara. 
Abhishek Kumar: 
That is very helpful. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Garg: 
Thanks for taking my question so Nitish just calling up on this Nazara Publishing can you 
just share some thoughts on how you are seeing the value emerging from this model over 
the medium term while you have committed for minimum one Crores investment in each 
game generally how it will play out if a game starts winning traction, will your investment 
be more about kind of as a stake thing or as a publishing kind of platform, what other kind 
of return opportunities you can generate out of it in the longer term and then I have a second 
question? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure so there are two aspects to this when we allocate capital in our publishing one is 
developers who require capital to develop the game, build their team, spun their teams, etc., 
I think if we deploy capital there that would go in the form of equity and we would have a 
stake in the company and then there are developers who may have games that they have 
already made or already self invested in and they are just looking for a publisher to bring it 
to the market, invest capital in user acquisition for example provide some additional support 
in terms of game design, live operations, etc., so I think depending on which developer on a 
case-by-case basis we may take equity stakes upfront or not in these developers. In terms of 
the long-term strategy for publishing we believe that how can Nazara create a very large 
consumer base across large number of high quality games that we publish we also intend to 
launch a Nazara SDK which will be embedded in each of these games and hopefully that 
will help us build a very large network which can then provide additional value additions as 
the ability to cross, promote, have more first party data, etc., so we are not looking at this 
purely from a standalone success of a game but also building out the publishing network 
over a period of time. 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Mukul Garg: 
Right and just two followup question on this: are you kind of now beginning to look at kind 
of spend from users on these games in India and you can kind of like talk a little bit about 
WCC also how you see the longer term profile because it has been in a fairly narrow range 
and obviously monetization has not been that positive as of now and second what was the 
impression you got at IGDC are you seeing an improvement in the quality of games coming 
out and the interest in people? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Sure so I think with growing consumer base and the more time Indian consumers are 
spending playing games on their phone the more they are evolving into starting to pay for it 
so I think incrementally we are definitely starting to see better IAP conversions although 
they are still far behind what you would see as global standards in evolved markets like US 
but I believe that this will accelerate and that is what we are kind of gearing ourselves for.  
Also micro payments, UPI, digital payments in India have progressed so well that they are 
going to be a very strong tailwind for users making these high deals. Secondly to your 
question on WCC I think we are surely a little frustrated in terms of how WCC has not 
scaled up because the franchise is so strong and the game itself is well developed over many 
years and I think there is a lot more that can be achieved over here and towards that there 
are several things here one is we kind of brought in a new CEO who is coming from 
background of electronic arts, etc., and he spent the last 6 months doing a lot of ground 
work to get the game ready for a much larger launch.  
The other thing you must have noticed our presentation is that we are making some key 
decisions which may disrupt the status quo that has been for the last 20 quarters or years. 
For example we moved all our users to online only mode because there were a lot of users 
playing offline which we were unable to monetize. Now by moving users online we are able 
to increase the ARPU per user and therefore our LTV/CAC equation becomes much better 
and that should allow us to scale up. 
A lot more focus has been increased on maintaining much more live operations versus just 
content updates. I think there is a lot of activity happening in the backend and I am hopeful 
that by Q4 we should be able to start spending a lot more in WCC to scale it to the level it 
really should deserve. 
The last question you had was on IGDC Nazara was a diamond sponsor at IGDC this year 
and was very well received. What we are seeing on the ground is there is a lot of energy, a 
lot of enthusiasm by many Indian and young developers. There were a few thousand 
developers there, in fact we hosted a lunch exclusively for new and upcoming developers 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 18 
which was very well received and we have had for new launch of a publishing division 
already I think close to 100 applications that have come in from developers for the games. I 
think very great start. I am enthused that the Make in India story in India is going to be very 
big for gaming and that is exactly an area we are focusing it may not become a very large 
source of monetization for Nazara immediately but I think strategically and eventually this 
will be very important for us sure. 
Mukul Garg: 
If I may ask one more question on Kiddopia the activation rate continues to moderate down. 
Any colour on that or is it more volatility and should not be kind of stay there for longer 
term? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think we have been using Google as the main source of user acquisition and unfortunately 
we have not been able to scale our spends. We have been trying to scale our spends but the 
spends have not grown beyond the steady state $800, $1000 a month, so there are two, three 
things we are doing one is we are very actively working with very senior teams at Google 
and they are responding very well with us to try and solve this scale up problem. We are 
getting activations in the range that we want but we are not able to scale so hopefully both 
the teams working together will find some solution. 
We are also considering going back to some of the other strong ad networks that we were 
working with earlier where we hope we can open more scale and then as we have 
mentioned and Anupriya spoke a bit about it we are also trying to find alternate ways of 
growth versus just linear user acquisition spend growth. I think generally for our kids games 
not specifically just Kiddopia but even Animal Jam or any other game that we may acquire 
I think IP licensing could be a very powerful way to break through this lock jam of user 
acquisition and we are in advanced conversations with a few well-known IPs to bring them 
into to our games that would boost our ability to do better user acquisition as well as drive a 
lot more organic growth so these are the ideas we are currently working on. 
Mukul Garg: 
Perfect great. Thanks for answering my question. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manan Poladia:  
Hi good morning team. First of all congratulations on posting a great set. So I have a couple 
of questions the first one is on the eSports side specifically Nodwin so what I want to 
understand is I understand that currently we are in an investment space for Nodwin, etc., 
and we are not really focused on driving EBITDA margins. What I want to understand is in 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 18 
the long term say from a 5, 10 fiscal sort of perspective what sort of margin would we be 
aiming at in the future for Nodwin and my second question was on the content views is 
dropping from 377 million to 221 million in H1 FY2024 versus H1 FY2023 I just wanted to 
understand the disparity between this is because some IPs have been postponed or Q1 did 
not have BGMI IPs? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
As you know a lot of these games who are of the popular games were banned which came 
in Q1. Also some of these popular games when they came in, the government had 
announced that they will review it in 3 months or 6 months I think it was three months so I 
think a lot of the launches around these were tentative and while we did successfully do the 
BGMS on Star Sports, I think there is some lag effect. There has been some push into the 
next quarters. In terms of IP spread across quarters you will see much more back ended into 
H2. We have got a two of IPs happening in October, November, December which is the 
main season and also in Q4 of this year which is Jan to March. In terms of margins our 
stated policy on Nodwin has been that we need to strategically grow, over a period of time 
we are very hopeful that these margins will increase upwards of 10-15% but we do not have 
a specific guidance on that at this point of time. 
Manan Poladia:  
Correct I understand thank you so much. Secondly my other question is basically an 
accounting question so if you look at our P&L for this quarter sequentially at least there has 
been slight jump in purchase of stock in trade and change in inventories or stock in trade 
and I am guessing it has something to do with gaming but I am not completely sure if you 
could just provide some clarity on that? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
You are talking about stock? 
Manan Poladia:  
When you look at the P&L there is first expense line item which is purchase of stock and 
trade and the second one which is change in inventory. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
This is basically linked to our Wings gaming accessories because this is the main season, 
the big billion days on Flipkart, etc., so you would see more stock acquired for the sale of 
that. 
Manan Poladia:  
Correct so the profits of this will start showing in Q3? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Again this business has grown very well for us from the time we acquired so we are still 
building up the brand so it is a low margin business still for us, but going quite well. We 
have got Shubman Gill and good brand ambassadors and all on it so we are right now 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 18 
looking to grow the brand and the scale of it while remaining profitable, that is our 
approach. 
Manan Poladia:  
Correct Sir I understand. Thank you so much for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Hi thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted to check about this Animal Jam business the 
metric on ARPDAU basis monetization has improved but we see that the revenue have been 
pretty stable although we have done well on the margin so what kind of thought process we 
should imply here do we see some scalability challenges from a demand side of it because if 
these metrics are up somewhere possibly the churn might have gone up so if you could 
explore on this thought and how we could see growth here from medium-term perspective? 
Sudhir Kamath: 
Rahul thanks for that question Sudhir here. I think if you look at Animal Jam and 
Wildworks, the company which makes it, since we acquired it last year the emphasis has 
very much been on fixing a lot of the underlying basics first. The first couple of quarters 
was really around that and since then as you would have seen the result has been that the 
margins are now increased significantly so our revenues are still if you look at it slightly flat 
but that is a misleading picture because this is also seasonal and the peak season for Animal 
Jam the target kids in the US is actually this current quarter and the next quarter with 
Halloween, New Year, etc., events coming up so that is where you actually see the revenue 
scale up beginning to happen but just a step back essentially what we are saying is that we 
kind of fixed the margins of the business. The last couple of quarters have been steady now 
at 22-24% kind of margins compared to maybe even single digits when we started and the 
revenue scale up is something that is beginning to happen. There is a lot more that needs to 
be done in terms of both user activation and maybe brand related investments in that in the 
coming months but we are fairly comfortable that those initiatives are together. 
Rahul Jain: 
Sorry I missed the part in case you shared about the churn what has the behavior on a one 
year basis. 
Sudhir Kamath: 
So this is not a subscription business so I do not think churn is the right word here. The paid 
members had dropped slightly but they have actually been coming back quite strongly now. 
It is eventually the revenue that you will see and we are quite comfortable that in the 
coming quarters you will see much better numbers there. 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood and on Adtech side given that we have a lot of positioning in the western world 
and there what we are seeing with other Adtech businesses, the challenges continues. So, 
what are the thought here from a one or two year perspective? 
Sudhir Kamath: 
See Datawrkz which is our primary vehicle for Adtech if you look that is a services business 
so it is definitely not immune to what is happening in the broader advertising space as well 
ECPMs is definitely under pressure globally that said what Datawrkz does is it provides a 
service to customers who are looking to deploy money for user acquisition what we have 
seen is that we will be focusing on moving towards higher margin plan, also focusing more 
on the product side of things that is definitely beginning to have an impact, of course our 
scale is way too small and there is a lot of room left to grow that business and to keep 
growing the margins from where we are. We also see that as more of a strategic capability 
which we can use for our other games so we have done that in Animal Jam where we had a 
pretty positive impact. We stared to do a lot of work also using Datawrkz and potentially on 
other companies that we acquire. 
Rahul Jain: 
One interesting data you shared is that PFN we have possibly scaled to the number two 
position and what I understand it is a very, very large market when I looked at the top guy 
out there so do you see a very, very hyper scalability potential in near term in that business 
just like we saw for the SK business,  in a way we could say that Sportskeeda growth and 
margin profile scaled up very, very sharply in last couple of years and the market for PFN is 
also very, very large so that way you see that scale up on a very small base could be very, 
very steep in the next couple of years? 
Sudhir Kamath: 
Yes, so I think when we acquired PFN in difficult time so if you remember at that time it 
was still a negative margin business and I think we had mentioned at that time that we are 
looking to have a breakeven year with them. I am glad to kind of note that in September we 
already had a breakeven month for PFN. We do expect the margins to keep increasing on 
that business and Sportskeeda has proven a playbook of how to grow EBITDA margins and 
profitability and they are deploying that quite well in PFN as well. The amount of scale that 
can reach in terms of revenue is definitely much higher than where they are today but I 
think a good combination of both revenue as well as profitability growth that we should see 
on that business. 
Rahul Jain: 
Understood thanks. That is it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Nitin Jain from Fairview 
Investments Limited. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Nitin Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulations on a good quarter, so my first question is 
last year you gave out a full year guidance for the entire company after the Q2 result so this 
year you have not given any guidance. So, like how should we interpret this, is there 
uncertainty in the business going forward or if you can elaborate? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
I think we are quite confident that Q3, Q4 will pick up from H1. I think what we found in 
the last couple of years is when we give a hard guidance in trying to make sure we meet that 
guidance a lot of strategic decisions kind of become questionable in terms of whether we 
should do or not. We really do not know want to box ourselves by giving a guidance if we 
believe for example that let us say Kiddopia or Animal Jam we get fantastic acquisition 
opportunity and we are able to massively scale up our user acquisition right so now we do 
not want to be saying we will give X EBITDA guidance and therefore we should restrain 
ourselves and we need to be able to take such opportunity. So, we just do not want to box 
ourselves by not being able to take important strategic decisions that is the purpose. 
Nitin Jain: 
Got that so just a followup on that I am not looking for numbers but directionally how do 
we see the year panning out compared to FY2023? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So I think directionally we should continue to see higher growth than H1 in terms of the 
revenue and also a higher growth on EBITDA for the rest of the year that is what we are 
working towards. 
Nitin Jain: 
Great so in terms of the margin we should be better than last year? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
Yes definitely. 
Nitin Jain: 
Perfect thank you and my next question is on Kiddopia so the unit economics, they seem to 
have deteriorated like for second quarter in a row and also our margin improvement is more 
out of the inability to scale up our spends so how do we read this like is it out of increased 
competitive intensity in the business because larger players like ABCmouse they are seeing 
a good growth and also on Kiddopia last year I think there was a mention of taking this 
business to specific geographies in Europe like I think Germany so is that still on card? 
Thank you and that is all from me. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So, the unit metrics we generally found them largely in a range once you factor in 
seasonality. I am not sure if you are talking about any specific metric you want to highlight. 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Nitin Jain: 
The CPT is back to like around $39 and our subscriber growth in second quarter has 
declined and ARPUs again they kind of on a declining trend. 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So we have been doing a lot of experiments yes CPT has been largely in the range of $36 to 
$38 but in attempt to unshackle the scalability issue we have been experimenting trying to 
see whether increasing the CPT a little bit, increases our scale, etc., so I think a lot of it you 
are seeing is experimental work. Even the ARPUs slight decline is crucial recover in Q3 is 
because we did have some summer promotions to see whether that was just a spike because 
we want to obviously break out of this plateau that we are at, we obviously are doing a lot 
of experimentation so I think that is what you are seeing nothing much beyond that. In 
terms of competitive pressures actually if you look at some of the similar web type of app 
and data even ABCmouse has declined in the last two quarters so it is not that it is specific 
to Kiddopia, Kiddopia in fact continues to remain strongly a number two behind 
ABCmouse. So we are not so worried about that. I think in our mind we have to find 
alternate ways to break through this lock jam and we are as mentioned, elaborate of these 
we have started working on a few of these ideas. Lastly on the Germany thing we have done 
an experiment at that point of time it has not done great so we had kind of de-focused then 
the IDFA had happened so we had gone back to focus on the US markets but one of our 
growth strategies now is to try and aggressively open new markets as well. 
Nitin Jain: 
Great and just one last followup on Kiddopia again so last time we took a price hike you 
had given some data showing how Kiddopia was still cheaper compared to the other 
subscription so do we see ourselves exploiting that gap going forward or not again? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
We are not looking at immediately doing further price hikes. I think our focus right now is 
singularly on how do we scale the user acquisition. 
Nitin Jain: 
Sounds good thank you so much and Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mr. Manan Poladia from MKP Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Manan Poladia:  
Thank you for giving me the opportunity again so what I also want to understand is when 
we speak about Sportskeeda and PFN so PFN I think going forward is going to be a much 
larger portion of Sportskeeda from what I understand and the larger player is significantly 
larger. I just want to understand what kind of scale are we looking at with respect to PFN 
say in the next three to five years? 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sudhir Kamath: 
I do not think we can give specific guidance on PFN itself but one thing I can definitely say 
is if you look at NFL right, NFL is the largest sports market in the US in fact even in the 
world if I recall correctly something like 56% of the total sports market in the US. PFN is 
still quite small as you said compared to the data there is a lot of room to grow in the area. I 
think our focus is very much that we want to keep scaling up the number of users and we 
have seen that successfully starting to happen. The main NFL season itself is September 
onwards so we are still in the second month of this year season until about Jan/Feb. So we 
do expect to see much higher user numbers compared to last year and I think by then we 
will start giving you some more breakup of clarity on what is the kind of revenue and user 
numbers we are going to see from this. But I think at this point it is too early to look at how 
much it can grow we just know that it can grow a lot. Other small point that I should 
mention, when we acquired PFN one of the key things we are also looking at is the 
synergies between PFN and Sportskeeda and Sportskeeda as you know also has a strong 
presence in the US and combined with PFN and Sportskeeda, we think that now provides 
you the critical mass to start looking at much more direct selling to customers which also 
then will help drive profitability EBITDA, even higher than what especially for PFN is 
going to make a big difference so we just thought mentioning that. 
Manan Poladia:  
Right thank you so much for answering that question. My second question is with regards to 
the new launches that we have built about Rs.1,300 Crores or so what I wanted to 
understand is when we are looking at acquisitions from here going forward is there one 
specific scale or size that we are looking at. Secondly, are we looking at acquiring in 
different businesses than we already are in or are we looking at acquiring with respect to say 
Bolt-on acquisition where we can develop synergies? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So in terms of the scale of acquisitions like I mentioned if something is very strategic to us 
we may do a Bolt-on for a smaller business and most likely that will happen at the 
subsidiary level and not at the corporate level. We are looking at larger acquisitions at the 
corporate level while there is no necessarily any specific number but I would say we would 
look at least businesses generating Rs.100 Crores upwards of revenue at a minimum level 
ideally and largely being profitable. So I think that is what we are looking at it. We are 
definitely not looking at launching any new segments of business at this point of time I 
think there is a lot more that can be done in our core gaming IP, sports, eSports and even 
Adtech business so I think whatever acquisitions will be done will be one way or other 
synergistic to our existing businesses. 
Manan Poladia:  
Correct so I have just a small followup to that now that we have spoken about RMG in this 
call as well where all the regulation has happened and that 28% GST slab has come in. Sso 

 
 
 
Nazara Technologies Limited 
November 09, 2023 
 
Page 18 of 18 
are we looking at RMG now more positively or are we still looking at letting the industry 
stabilize for a bit and then get into RMG acquisitions what is the situation there plus what 
kind of games like are we only focusing on rummy or are we going to do poker, teen patti as 
well? 
Nitish Mittersain: 
So specific to RMG we are looking at it as glass half full which means they are leaning 
positively towards seeing what are the opportunities and even earlier we were in very active 
discussions with a lot of players. So, I think within the open play business there could be 
Bolt-on acquisitions for sure and there are some discussions going on. We could look at 
some new formats outside of the existing open play business as well where we will only go 
into new format if we believe that we can be a leader in that segment, else we will not. But 
within the open play business we will definitely look at consolidation. I think the only one 
thing we need to figure out at this point of time is in the past many of these companies are 
sitting with past tax claims right now and how do we navigate that piece while doing any 
M&A activity is something we are trying to figure out. 
Manan Poladia:  
Correct thank you Nitish. Thank you for answering my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions on behalf of ICICI Securities that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
