 
 
 
November 11, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 502219
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Symbol: BORORENEW
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Institutional Investors and Analysts Conference Call 
 
We enclose transcript of conference call with Institutional Investors and Analysts 
which was held on November 08, 2023. 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Borosil Renewables Limited  
 
 
 
Kishor Talreja 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership no. FCS 7064 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
KISHOR HARISH 
TALREJA
Digitally signed by KISHOR 
HARISH TALREJA 
Date: 2023.11.11 11:25:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 9 
 
 
 
 
“Borosil Renewables Limited 
Q2 FY ‘24 Results Conference Call” 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
        
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. P.K. KHERUKA – EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN --  
 
MR. ASHOK JAIN -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR --  
 
MR. SUNIL ROONGTA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER --  
 
MR. SWAPNIL WALUNJ -- HEAD MARKETING --  
 
 
 
 
MODERATOR:  
MR. JITEN RUSHI -- AXIS CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 9 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Borosil Renewables Limited Q2 FY '24 
Results Call hosted by Axis Capital Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Yes. Thank you, Aman. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Axis Capital, I'm pleased to 
welcome you all for the Q2 and H1 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Borosil Renewables 
Limited. We have with us the management team represented by Mr. P.K. Kheruka, Executive 
Chairman; Mr. Ashok Jain, Whole Time Director; Mr. Sunil Roongta, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Mr. Swapnil Walunj, Head Marketing. We will begin the call with opening remarks from 
the management followed by an interactive Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
P.K. Kheruka: 
Good afternoon. Welcome to the Borosil Renewables quarter 2 financial year '24 Investor Call. 
The Board of Borosil Renewables on 6th November approved the company's financial results 
for the second quarter financial year '24. Our results and an updated presentation have been sent 
to the stock exchanges and have also been uploaded on the company's website. We will discuss 
the operations of Borosil Renewables on a stand-alone basis as well as on a consolidated basis. 
During the second quarter of financial year '24, the company recorded stand-alone net revenue 
from operations of INR280.2 crores, an increase of 66% over the corresponding quarter in 
financial year '22-'23. Sales volumes on a quantitative basis grew by 111% as a result of 
commissioning of a new 550 tons per day plant, SG3, from 23 February 2023. 
Export sales during the second quarter of the current financial year, including to customers in 
SEZ were INR95 crores, comprising 33.9% of the turnover, an increase of 98% over the similar 
period last year, which stood at INR47.9 crores. Of this, the direct exports were INR90.8 crores, 
which are up from INR42.6 crores of direct exports in the same quarter last year. 
Average ex-factory selling prices during the quarter were about INR110 per millimeter as 
compared to INR139 per millimeter in the corresponding quarter in the last year, a sharp decline 
of 21%, thereby causing a steep erosion in the margins. The domestic selling prices started to 
decline after discontinuation of antidumping duty against China in August 2022 as a result of 
dumping from China, Vietnam, Malaysia, despite rising the input prices. The decline in the 
domestic selling prices was even higher at 29% compared to the corresponding quarter in the 
last financial year. 
The average selling prices during the quarter declined by 14% over the preceding quarter as a 
dumping intensified and continued unabated. EBITDA during the last quarter was INR26.6 
crores corresponding to an EBITDA margin of 9.5%, which was a steep decline as compared to 
an EBITDA margin of 26.1% in the same period last year, when the EBITDA stood at INR44.11 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 9 
 
crores. This margin erosion is to be seen in the backdrop of a 21% decline in the average selling 
prices, as mentioned before. 
As a consequence of dumping of solar glass and in the absence of any duties on imports, the 
company recorded a loss before tax of INR6.9 crores as against a profit before tax of INR32.9 
crores in the last quarter. The decline in profitability was due to a lower EBITDA and a higher 
interest depreciation as a result of the recent expansion. 
For the first half year, ended September 2023, the company clocked a revenue of INR518 crores, 
a growth of 53% over the first half year. The company earned an EBITDA of INR83.1 crores, a 
margin of 16%. Profit before tax was INR11.6 crores. From August '22, solar glass imports 
continue to remain completely exempt from payment of any sort of import duty post 
discontinuation of antidumping duty against China. While imports are subject to a basic -- to a 
levy of basic customs duty of 15%, a circle of going back to 1999, exempts imports of solar 
components from payment of customs duty. 
The unrealistically low import prices have led to a complete erosion of margins for the domestic 
solar glass industry as heavily subsidized Chinese imports of glass continue to grow 
exponentially. We, along with other local producers of solar glass have been appraising the 
government at various levels about the minus of imports and the impact on the domestic industry 
and hope that the government will listen to our plea went forth with the exemption from BCD 
on imports of solar glass. In the meantime, the lower prices have seriously dented the 
profitability of all solar glass producers in India and brought the potential expansion in solar 
glass capacities to a halt. 
An improvement in the margins of the domestic industry would now largely depend upon the 
levy of basic custom duty on imports. The solar installations over the last few months have 
remained subdued despite a steep and unprecedented decline in the prices of solar cells and 
modules led by dumping from China as against an expectation of a phenomenal rise in view of 
very attractive prices of solar modules. 
The solar installations in the second quarter of financial year '24 were nearly 1.7 gigawatts 
against 3.1 gigawatts in the same period last year. The domestic demand for solar glass has been 
facing issues ever since the time MNRE suspended implementation of ALMM for 1 year until 
March '24. The customers continue to be settled with higher inventories of finished goods as 
developers prefer to wait for a possible further decline in the module prices. It seems that the 
domestic demand will rise only after stabilization in prices. It is extremely necessary for bringing 
back the ALMM mechanism from 1st April 2024 in order to save the industry from becoming 
unviable. 
The solar gas manufacturing furnace in Germany, GMB has operated during the quarter at almost 
85% of the increased capacity of 350 tons per day. The subsidiaries have been able to deliver a 
significantly improved operational performance compared to the previous quarter, which was 
affected by lower production due to cold repair of the furnace. With certain modifications under 
progress the plant will be in a position to deliver larger size glass from the end of the third quarter 
financial year '24. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 9 
 
The remaining capex on the new tempering line, which will be completed in the fourth quarter 
of the current financial year, will help achieve capability to process all sizes, thicknesses of glass 
more efficiently. The old and less efficient tempering line will be discontinued, which will result 
in cost savings. 
Now I come to the consolidated results for the quarter, which includes the operations of the 
subsidiaries aboard. The operating result of step down subsidiary that is Interfloat Group have 
shown a considerable improvement in the quarter after resuming furnace production from the 
middle of May 2023. 
The overseas subsidiaries, including step down subsidiaries have generated a net revenue of 
INR121.5 crores and an EBITDA of INR10.5 crores for second quarter of financial year '24. 
The consolidated net revenue and EBITDA for the second quarter of the financial year '23-'24 
stands at INR401.7 crores and INR37.1 crores, respectively. 
We continue to maintain a positive outlook on the sector in view of expected growth in the 
domestic manufacturing in India. The new large capacities expansions have started to come into 
production and more are expected in the next 2 years, which will further increase the demand 
for solar glass. 
The position in other important markets is as under. The demand in European Union has suffered 
a massive blow from September as the customers deferred canceled their orders due to inability 
to compete with deeply discounted prices of modules imported from China, Southeast Asia. 
The customers have severely cut down production and are running only shallow operations in 
the hope to come back to a full production later. These customers have represented to the German 
government as well as to the European Commission and some positive announcements have 
been made already. It is expected that concrete steps to revive the solar manufacturing sector in 
the European Union and Germany will be taken by the end of November or sometime in 
December. Interfloat has been a part of these approaches to the government, and we expect that 
the measures will include some positive steps for local production of solar glass. 
As of now, we are trying to sell the volumes in other markets, although the prices are much 
lower in these markets. This will impact the profitability in the forthcoming quarters. The 
Turkish market has shown weakness from the end of the second quarter of the current financial 
year, as the Turkish economy faces increased challenges due to continued high inflation and 
very high interest rates. 
The paucity of funds has slowed down the installations and led to a significant decline in 
operating levels of all the customers and their orders for glass have become extremely low as 
they are using the inventories to run the low level of operations. Demand in U.S. is yet to pick 
up, we expect a greater demand from USA as the local production of modules picks up in the 
later part of 2024. 
In lieu of these developments, our exports from India, which command a better margin, will 
suffer a setback in the next 1 or 2 quarters. We have increased our sales in the domestic market, 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 9 
 
which unfortunately is at very low margins in lieu of continued Chinese dumping. This will 
further impact the average sales realization compared to the last quarter. 
The immediate relief will come from imposition of basic customs duty. We are taking necessary 
measures to improve the situation by increasing productivity, optimizing the raw material mix 
and controlling costs. Our 10-megawatt captive power plant of solar plus wind energy has started 
to generate savings in the power cost. 
We have decided to set up an additional solar wind power plant, which is expected to further cut 
cost from end of the second quarter financial year '25 and allow us to use a major portion of the 
power by green sources coming from captive power plant. 
With that, I would now like to open the floor to questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Pranay Shah from Anand Rathi. 
Pranay Shah: 
And I just have one question. What is your view on the basic duty and antidumping duty on the 
Chinese solar manufacturers? And would it be still levied, continue to be levied in FY '25? 
P.K. Kheruka: 
We have been representing to the government across various departments and various people 
for the restoration of basic customs duty, which is already in the books. And I must say that as 
matter stand today, the exemption is supposed to continue till 31st March 2024, after which the 
exemption is supposed to come to an end.. 
We have been given to understand that the exemption will indeed end on 31st March '24. We 
have a very strong case for ending the exemptions because there is a very strong subsidization 
of costs from the Chinese government, and this is forbidden under the World Trade Organization 
rules.  We are only seeking for a level playing field, nothing more than that. So we are expecting 
that the duty exemption should definitely come to an end by 31st March at the latest. So we are 
trying to see what can be done earlier. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sharan. N, as an investor. 
Sharan. N: 
So I would like to know, like export business is doing good and especially the Europe compared 
to the India domestic business. Do you have  and also you have kept the capacity expansion plan 
on hold in India. Is it possible that you do an expansion in Germany before India because the 
business is doing good there? 
P.K. Kheruka: 
Actually, what has happened is that the decline in prices of solar modules worldwide has 
impacted Germany and Europe as much as it has impacted India. So that business is not doing 
good today, either in Europe or in India for the time being. So at the moment, I would say that 
there is no call for any kind of expansion anywhere. However, we are ready for it. 
The German industry and the European industry has moved the European Union parliament and 
the President of the European Union and also the President of Germany to take a very strong 
action in the matter to protect domestic industry and the matter has been considered very 
seriously and there is a reasonable expectation that some very concrete steps will be taken by 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 9 
 
the government in Europe very soon. If these steps are taken, definitely, the market will 
experience a boom. 
And similarly in India also, the industry has been representing to the government to take serious 
action against these dumped imports from China. So it's a question of when the government will 
move and back, how much they will move and that is going to determine what is going to happen. 
But today, there's a very big demand for solar modules, and there is a very big availability also. 
So if the government moves, then everything starts moving immediately. There will be no delay. 
Sharan. N: 
Okay. And based on the government moves if that is positive in Europe, do you have plans to 
do the expansion there along with the India's expansion of existing plan, which is on hold? 
P.K. Kheruka: 
Yes, we have and we are completely ready to expand in Europe. We have all the facilities. We 
have the land, building, batch house, everything ready. So if the decision comes to expand over 
there, if the situation warrants us to expand, then we can expand within a matter of weeks. We 
can start the expansion program, yes. 
Sharan. N: 
And sir, one more question. Recently in the interview or some news I heard about you are 
exploring the recycling business with a JV or something. So will it happen in your existing 
brownfield area? And also is it going to be turnkey solution by having it in your existing 
brownfield? Or how is it going to be happen and by when you are going to see it happen? 
P.K. Kheruka: 
You see until today, the recycling of solar panels has not been established in any one particular 
way, all right, by anybody in the world, and different people are exploring different methods of 
recycling. So, when we announced our intention to enter this business, it is basically to say that 
we have started exploring all the different methods of recycling solar panels. So in case we come 
across something good, then we may start doing it but it is actually premature to say today 
whether we'll do it in the existing company or have a new company to do it because the 
methodology is still being explored and finalized. 
Sharan. N: 
Okay. Sure, sir. And one last question, I attended another company called Gravitas concall. And 
there it was mentioned that similar to what we are facing an antidumping duty -- sorry, it was 
Deepak Fertilisers call. Similar to what we are facing antidumping duty, they are also facing for 
their products. And it's -- they mentioned that it's not just for one company, there are multiple 
companies are going through this problem, and there has been a case filed in the court. And do 
you have any update on that? What is the status? And by when there will be a final hearing on 
this issue, which is common for all of these products? 
P.K. Kheruka: 
We filed our application exactly 2 weeks ago. So it's premature at this stage. But I want to tell 
you that there are 4 companies in India, which are now manufacturing solar glass. So whatever 
decision comes in our case will be applicable to all. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jiten Rushi from Axis Capital. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Sir, my first question is on, can you help us understand what is our current price premium to 
blended price of Chinese and Malaysian glass? 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 9 
 
P.K. Kheruka: 
I'll ask Mr. Ashok Jain to answer the question. 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So as you know, the selling price in India are aligned to the landed cost of imports. And we 
are selling it virtually at the same price. There could be a small premium, 2% to 3%, which is 
not a significant amount. So prices are almost aligned to the landed cost. 
Jiten Rushi: 
Okay. And sir, are we seeing any -- as you said that USA looking for local components 
manufacturing you have seen that -- you heard that. So are we looking for any acquisition or 
setting up any shop in the U.S.? 
Ashok Jain: 
We would like to export from India to U.S., but we are also looking at how this can be done in 
terms of local product or local sourcing. So we are in discussion with a couple of customers, 
whether by certain mechanism, we can achieve this local sourcing business. And we are also 
waiting for the final rules and final policy from the government on account of IRA. So these are 
still floating guidelines. Once the final policy comes, then we will try to understand and take a 
call. 
Jiten Rushi: 
And sir, the last question was on the German subsidiary. Can you give us insight more on the 
EBITDA margins for this quarter and first half? 
Ashok Jain: 
So EBITDA margins were about, I think, INR10 crores, which is about 8%. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Akshay Satija from NM Securities. 
Akshay Satija: 
My first question was, what would be your selling price, if we sell it to the export markets say 
in USA or other countries versus if we sell it in India. Is there any additional premium to that? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. Export prices are better since there are antidumping duties against China in various 
geographies. The prices are better there. In India, the prices are much lower compared to export 
markets. Now it depends on each geography, what kind of extra premium we can get. So ranging 
from 30% to 40%, maybe the extra price we can get compared to India in various geographies. 
Akshay Satija: 
Sir, my next question would be so say, 2024 this antidumping issue that you're resolving, they're 
going to bring antidumping back. What sort of expansion would we be looking at? Would we 
be going back to what our initial plan was to set up like huge capacity. What kind of quantum 
can we see in those terms? So I think this is going to somewhere around 2,100 tons per day from 
current 1,000 tons per day. So any outlook on that or what are your thoughts on that? 
Ashok Jain: 
I think it is premature to announce that how much we'll do. But whenever the situation is there 
and the Board considers the next expansion based on the prevailing economics, that time, the 
call will be taken to do certain expansion, whether it will be, say, 550 ton or 1,100 ton or whether 
it will be in India or in Germany, all those questions will be probably discussed in the end of 
next quarter, maybe by February, March '24, after having clarity on the German government's 
initiatives as well as on the basic custom duty, removal of exemption by, say, February '24 or 
something. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 9 
 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. So do we have all the land and all the resources required ready at least? Or will we have 
to acquire some land and all the buildings, if we have to do the expansion? 
Ashok Jain: 
We have this available already at the existing location. And in the case of Germany, including 
the building is also ready there and a lot of utilities available. So it can be started immediately 
after taking a call. 
Akshay Satija: 
Okay. And how long will it require for us to set up this capacity say, in Germany if everything 
is ready? 
Ashok Jain: 
18 months is the normal time in which we can expect the capacity to come up once we start the 
process. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Vivek Gupta as an individual investor. 
Vivek Gupta: 
I just want to understand that what do you think that the margins have they bottomed out? Or do 
you think that the worst is still not over for Borosil? 
Ashok Jain: 
It's a good question. We are trying to find the answers because the prices every week are 
changing. And that's the fact on the ground because the Chinese prices for each and every 
component of solar are getting announced on every Wednesday, and they keep changing. So we 
are doing our best in terms of performance, operational performance, some improvements are 
still to be achieved that we are trying at the factory level. But in terms of prices, which are a 
major factor, which will decide about the percentage margin or whether it is bottomed out or 
not, that is still uncertain. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Then a follow-up question around this. So I do understand that because of this dumping 
by Vietnamese and Chinese players, so Borosil is not having the pricing power and eventually 
we are having a hard time there. So what are the plans if this continues. So do you foresee that 
the worst is still not behind us and it can prolong because you have to be prepared for the worst, 
if ADD is not resumed and BCD is not extended. So what are the plans? 
Ashok Jain: 
So we have to understand that 97%, 98% of the world's solar glass production is managed by 
Chinese, whether in China or Malaysia or Vietnam and India is only 3%, India and Germany put 
together is only 3% production. In India now, other plants have also started to come up, 3 more 
plants have started. 
So the total capacity has become 2,000 tons per day. 1,000 is Borosil, 1,000 is for the other 3 
new plants. And more plants may come up in the next quarter or ensuing quarter of about 600 
ton. So once we have a sizable capacity in domestic market, which has a good amount of share 
in the local consumption. 
Currently, Borosil is the only player or has been the only player and enjoying only 20% market 
and 80% dependence is on Chinese imports. Now once this starts shifting to, say, 50%, 60% 
local production, then the pricing dependence will reduce, I believe. 

 
 
Borosil Renewables Limited 
 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 9 
 
Until then so we'll have to depend on Chinese pricing. And we'll have to almost align to the 
Chinese prices. In terms of doing our best in case the BCD does not come for any reason, is only 
to improve the operations and look for avenues outside India, look for new product development, 
and value-added products. So these are the things which we keep working continuously, which 
will allow us to still overcome the challenges. 
Vivek Gupta: 
Okay. Because being an investor, my confidence is shaking because of ADD not in place, and 
I'm on every con call, we are seeing that because we are relying heavily on government to put 
down the ADD back. But what if ADD is not back, so that is something a big concern. 
P.K. Kheruka: 
I'm not sure that, that is going to happen because Mr. Modi is very, very determined to have a 
domestic strong industry. And for the sake of a little bit of cheaper glass, to allow your domestic 
industry to be destroyed is such a huge price to pay, that nobody can pay it in my opinion. 
So I don't think there's any chance of them not taking action. Yes, it's a fact then they need to be 
convinced, all the numbers have to be presented to them. And there are big ramifications for 
taking any decision in the solar business. And I guess they have to weigh everything carefully 
before they take a call. 
Ashok Jain: 
Just to add here, the solar glass as a component, as a cost in the module is very insignificant. It 
is about 6% or so. And a levy of 10% or 20% duty on that does not really change the economics 
too much against solar module industry or even the price of power. Solar glass is a very capital-
intensive business. It generates a lot of employment. It has a lot of value addition. You start with 
INR25, INR30 raw material and generate INR100 turnover. 
So there is a lot of work in the solar glass business, which creates lot of employment, a lot of  
opportunities for the people. And also, you have to see it from the angle of energy security. See 
you cannot continuously depend on Chinese for running your solar program. And that would 
also be a factor to decide whether solar glass industry needs to be allowed, at least a level playing 
field, if not a protection. 
So to have a basic custom duty of 15%, which is already there in the books. To remove the 
exemption should not be such a big deal for the government to act. And we are quite positive on 
this based on our continuous dialogue and meetings with all the concerned people in the 
ministries at Delhi. So we are quite hopeful that this will be done. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. There are no further questions. Would you like to add any closing remarks? 
Ashok Jain: 
Yes. So thank you very much, the investors, for attending this call and asking all pertinent 
questions. We are continuously on the job to improve the performance and also deal with the 
government authorities to have the duty invoked, and we are quite hopeful in the matter. We 
understand that short-term pain is there, but I think long-term vision is quite clear. We are quite 
bullish on the business for a long term. Growth in the industry will be tremendous over the years. 
So we look forward to a better tomorrow. Thank you. And we'll meet in the next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Axis Capital Limited, that concludes 
today's call. Thank you all for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
