SASTASUNDAR VENTURES LIMITED 
Azimganj House, 2nd Floor, 
7 Abanindra Nath Thakur Sarani (Formerly Camac Street), 
Kolkata – 700017, India. Tel: +91 33 2282 9330; Fax: +91 33 2282 9335 
Email: info@sastasundar.com; Website: www.sastasundarventures.com 
CIN: L65993WB1989PLC047002 
 
Date: 23-11-2023 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 – Transcript of Conference Call 
 
Ref: Our letter dated 09.11.2023 for intimation of the schedule of the Earnings Conference call for Q2 
FY24. 
 
 
This is in furtherance to our letter dated November 9, 2023 intimating that a conference call was 
scheduled to be held on November 16, 2023 at 4.00 PM IST to discuss the Q2 FY 2023-24 Earnings of the 
Company. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors. 
 
Please also find herein below the link of the transcript of the said call that has been uploaded on the 
website of the Company. 
 
https://www.sastasundarventures.com/Pdf/Sastasundar_Ventures_Ltd_Q2_FY24_Transcript.pdf 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
 
For Sastasundar Ventures Limited 
 
 
 
Pratap Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
Manager - Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: SASTASUNDR 
The Corporate Services Department, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 533259 
PRATAP 
SINGH
Digitally signed by PRATAP SINGH 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9767, 
pseudonym=6ee6fbefd2dd186253b07b5dcbe2
15bdfa9b53e15ff84835dfbc51424c878b64, 
postalCode=711204, st=West Bengal, 
serialNumber=6a38acf8d61293d955d818b2d95
dba95f63a20725f3d90094dec69f93829ad46, 
cn=PRATAP SINGH 
Date: 2023.11.23 16:52:15 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“SastaSundar Ventures Limited 
Q2 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BANWARI LAL MITTAL -- FOUNDER AND 
EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN -- SASTASUNDAR VENTURES 
LIMITED 
MR. RAVI KANT SHARMA -- FOUNDER AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- SASTASUNDAR HEALTHBUDDY 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RONAK JAIN -- ORIENT CAPITAL, INVESTOR 
RELATIONS PARTNER 
 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to SastaSundar Ventures Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ronak Jain from Orient Capital, investor relations partner. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ronak Jain: 
Hello everyone and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of SastaSundar Ventures 
Limited. Today on this call we have Mr. Banwari Lal Mittal sir, Founder and Executive 
Chairman along with Mr. Ravi Kant Sharma, Founder and CEO of SastaSundar Healthbuddy 
Limited. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions 
and expectations as of today. Actual results may differ materially. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
A detailed safe-harbour statement is given on page two of the company's investor presentation, 
which has been uploaded on the stock exchange and the company's website as well. 
With this, I will hand over the call to Mr. Banwari Lal Mittal sir for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Good afternoon, my dear shareholders. I am B.L. Mittal, Chairman and Executive Director of 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited, as well as SastaSundar Healthbuddy Limited, the subsidiary of 
the company. My dear shareholders, the detailed presentation about the company's vision and 
company's performance has been uploaded on the stock exchange. I won't take much of your 
time, rather utilize the time for addressing your questions. 
So, I am not repeating the materials which have been given on the detailed presentation. This is 
with reference to our call of Q1. After that, the performance of the business is going on as per 
the plan and as described in the call of Q1 and the business is going as per the planned vision of 
creating the largest digital distribution ecosystem in the healthcare in India. 
My dear shareholders, as you are aware that it was a very difficult period for Indian startup, 
whereby though -- this is a very large opportunity, but as I said earlier also the digital is not 
fashion statement, we have to implement a profitable and efficient model which ensures that 
there is an innovation which is coupled with profitability and growth and the sustainability is the 
key area. 
There cannot be a solution to any problem without economic sustainability and that is the beauty 
of SastaSundar business that we have been able to create an ecosystem which is innovation in 
digital distribution system which presents a very large opportunity along with profitability, cash 
flow from operations and a sustained high degree growth. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
The businesses which has been described in the PowerPoint presentation also, the revenue for 
the quarter reached INR355.5 crores showing growth of 40% compared to INR253.9 crores in 
Q2 FY23. The quarter-on-quarter revenue grown by 8% increase. Gross profit for Q2 FY24 
stood at INR35.1 crores making 86% growth from INR18.9 crores in Q2 FY23. 
Gross profit margin increased throughout the year due to efficiency in the system and growth. 
We are working just not about maintainability of profitability, but to create a high degree of 
return on capital employed with a problem solving in mind. The company recorded positive 
EBITDA of INR0.3 crores, a positive shift from Q2 FY23. The EBITDA margin stood at 1%. 
Profit after tax, excluding the share of associates, amounted to INR13.1 crores in Q2 FY24. H1 
FY24, the company recorded a revenue of approximately INR686 crores in H1 FY24 reflecting 
a robust growth of 54% year-on-year. Gross profit for H1 FY24 more than doubled reached 
INR70.1 crores compared to INR31.2 crores. EBITDA for H1 FY24 stood at INR3.7 crores. 
PAT for H1 FY24 excluding the share of joint ventures tripled to INR37.6 crores from INR9.7 
crores. 
In the Healthbuddy supply chain segment, revenue reached INR251.6 crores showing a solid 
growth of approximately 21% year-on-year. Healthbuddy supply chain reported a profit before 
tax of INR4.3 crores in Q2 FY24. The RetailerShakti business generated a revenue of around 
INR103 crores, more than doubling from INR42 crores in Q2 FY23. 
The company remains focused on achieving profitability for both the RetailerShakti and Genu 
Path Limited businesses and both the businesses, we are sure, will achieve the positive cash-
flow operation and profitability in next one year's timeframe. 
My dear shareholders, I would request you to particularly refer to the slide which has been given 
on the return on capital employed first time in this quarter, which clearly replicates that, how the 
company is transforming the digital platform business to generate a sustainable cash from 
operation which gives the shareholders high return on capital employed. 
Now, Mr. Ravi Kant Sharma, our CEO is here. He will be happy to answer all your questions. 
We are ready to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from Vilina Jain from Perpetuity Ventures. Please go ahead. 
Vilina Jain: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. My first question is regarding working capital 
cycle. So, the cycle for the company has improved significantly to 37 days versus 56 days in Q2 
FY23. 
 
And this, as per the presentation, has been majorly on back-off improvement in inventory days, 
which has gone down from 65 days to 42 days. So, what has structurally changed in the 
company's inventory management style that has led to such a sharp improvement in inventory 
days? And going forward, what is the sustainable working capital cycle one should look at? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
 
Secondly, profitability for the company has improved. Gross margins are now around 10% and 
the business on a consol level is EBITDA of break-even. Are there any one-offs in the margins 
to sustain at these levels and improve from here on? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
Hello, I am Ravi Kant Sharma, Co-Founder and CEO of Sasta Sundar. I will be taking this 
question. Coming to your first question of working capital cycle. 
 
So, see, as we have started the call, by mentioning that we are building a digital distribution 
business, actually, that we will be focused on building the efficiency at every place. So, the first, 
you can say that the working capital efficiency that we have brought into the business, basically, 
has been driven by the lot of, I would say, the processes that have been put in place in the last 
couple of quarters to ensure that we would be basically running our inventories at close to 
anywhere between 35 to 40 days of the inventory requirement, actually, by having a very robust 
predictive tools on the technology side to assess the inventory requirement in the coming days. 
 
So, that played a very critical role. Simultaneously, we are also basically working on managing 
the receivables and also on the payable side, we are negotiating with the pharmaceutical 
companies. The growth is playing a very critical role and once you are growing, actually, and 
you have a very good size of the business coming for the pharmaceutical companies from your 
side, you would be able to basically bargain on the good number of the payable days.  
 
As you have asked for basically what would be the right number you would be looking at so it 
would be difficult to share any forward-looking statement, but I can say that efficiency is 
something that we are looking at and if you look at the last two quarters of the numbers, you can 
try that we are working at close to 36 days of your working capital days right now and we are 
basically targeting to maintain near to these numbers going forward in the future as well. So, 
this is about your first question. 
 
Coming to the second question on the gross margin percentage and EBITDA positivity side. 
Gross margin, definitely you can look at that we would be maintaining the gross margin, if you 
look at this quarter, the gross margin was somewhere around 9.9% and the previous quarter it 
was 10% plus. So, in this range, you can expect the gross margin in the shorter period. But in 
the longer period, we are continuously working to enhance that by negotiating better 
procurement margins coming from the pharmaceutical companies. 
 
So, there would be a good percentage of delta coming on that side in the coming future. EBITDA 
is the resultant of two factors. One is the improvement in the procurement margin that I have 
already addressed that we are working to negotiate with the pharmaceutical companies and in 
the coming years you will see a good percentage jump in that side, but simultaneously EBITDA 
is also the result of the efficiency on the cost perspective. 
 
With the growth, our fixed cost and semi-fixed cost will be recovered and there would be a good 
delta that would be playing on improving the EBITDA side. If you look at the last quarter 
number, just to give you a ballpark number so that there would be a clarity when anybody is 
basically estimating the future cost and the numbers. So, if you look at the last quarter, our total 
cost on the healthcare network side was close to INR34 odd crores. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
 
That was the quarterly cost. And in terms of the percentage number, that would be coming to 
close to 9.5% on the revenue side. If I will break this into the complete 100% variable and fixed 
or semi-fixed cost, so I would say that out of 9.5%, 5% are the variable, but 4.5% is the fixed or 
the semi-fixed cost. When I am mentioning the semi-fixed cost, that includes the cost related to 
the logistics, the packaging, and other kinds of services that we are availing from the third 
parties. 
 
And when you have the growth, you are in a very strong negotiation position to negotiate on this 
cost. So, close to 4.5% would be fixed or the semi-fixed cost. These are not going to basically 
grow in tandem with the growth that would be coming in the future, and there would be a positive 
impact on the EBITDA side on the basis of the growth, we will be achieving in the coming 
future. I hope that answers your queries on the EBITDA margin side. 
Vilina Jain: 
Yes, thank you. And on the specific businesses, so the RetailerShakti Business has crossed 
INR100 crores quarterly rate, and can we expect this as the new base on which the company will 
grow from here on? And for the Healthbuddy Business, revenue for the last three quarters have 
been stable at INR250 crores. What has led to this, and how do you see the segment growing 
from here on? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, as I said, we would not be able to share any forward-looking statement on this one, but yes, 
there are two segments of the revenue for the company. One is your Healthbuddy Supply Chain 
segment, where the company has posted a revenue of close to INR251 crores. If we compare the 
same with the previous quarter, so it would be near to the same level. 
 
And the RetailerShakti has posted a revenue of more than INR100 crores in this quarter and has 
grown substantially by close to, I would say that more than double, actually, in comparison to 
the previous year numbers, where we have closed at INR42 crores. So, RetailerShakti is 
definitely doing very well, and we are seeing the very good response from the retailers that have 
been on-boarded on the platform. 
We have been able to basically fulfil the, I would say the needs or the requirements of the 
retailers in terms of, number one, the availability of the product. Actually, we are providing the 
entire basket to the retailer where they can have any kind of medicines of any pharma companies 
being sold in India. 
 
Second is basically in terms of the services, like the committed deliveries within the defined 
timeline. And third, whatever after-sales services are required, actually, that is being taken care 
of, and that is resulting in a kind of trust building with the retailers. It's a business that one should 
see from a perspective of gaining the more wallet share coming from the retailer side. 
 
If you look at the Indian pharmaceutical industries, we have close to 900,000 retailers today, 
pharmacies that are operating in India and they are taking care of their requirements coming 
from the different distributors operating in the industry. If -- on an average, just giving you a 
ballpark figure, I think if we go to the unorganized retailers, the mom-and-pop stores, the average 
sales of these retailers would be somewhere around INR4 lakhs to INR5 lakh per month that 
they would be actually doing at their individual shop. And if we take care of, say, 20% of the 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
requirement of their monthly needs of their store, that comes to close to INR1 lakh per month 
kind of the number from the RetailerShakti side. 
 
So, from the aspiration side, actually, I would say that the company is working towards gaining 
10% to 20% of the wallet share of the retailers. That is the aspiration that is driving the entire 
company and entire team and the entire force, and we are basically working towards that. 
Vilina Jain: 
My questions are answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Mr. Milind Karmarkar from Dalal & Broacha. 
Please go ahead. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Hello, Mr. Sharma. Hello, Mr. Mittal. How are you? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
Hello, Mr. Milind. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Well, I had a couple of questions. The first one was that how much turnover can the current 
infrastructure and fixed cost support? 
Management: 
Current infrastructure and the fixed cost? 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Fixed cost. How much turnover can they support? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
From existing warehouse, from where we can reach? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, see, basically, I will take this, I will just give you some idea of working actually at our end 
so that the listeners at large can see the multiplication of the capabilities that we can build at our 
end. So, today, at some of the facilities, we are working in a single shift. And at some of the 
facilities, we are working in double shift. And we can very well basically utilize the triple shift 
kind of the work out. 
So, ultimately, if you look at the order processing side, if suppose we are getting, say, 10,000 
orders in one fulfilment centre, we may basically be operating at 1.5 kind of the shift right now. 
And in some FCs (fulfilment centres), we are getting, say, 4,000, 5,000 orders. We may be 
working on, say, one shift or something like that. 
So, in terms of the infrastructure capabilities, I think the current seven warehouses of the 
company has enough capabilities or the capacities, basically, to take care of at least 3x to 4x kind 
of the order processing from the current level. So, that would be one. 
Yes, in terms of the cost, our major cost that would be basically coming to serve that kind of 
capacity at the existing fulfilment centres would be the variable cost, in terms of the warehouse 
operational manpower, the people who are working on the inward and outward side. So, that 
would be the major cost that would be occurring there. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. My second question was on the current pharma market. In your opinion, how much of the 
pharma market is chronic and out of the total market? How much of the pharma market is chronic 
medicine? Can you give me a brief idea? 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, a rough idea.  It would not be the exact number, but a rough idea would be in Indian pharma 
market, chronic would be somewhere around 40% to 45% of the entire market. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. And do you think that as affordability goes up, the overall chronic spike can go up? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
No. So, basically, again, it is very difficult to say, whether the chronic segment would be 
basically growing more than the acute. But I think there would be the mix of both the things that 
would be playing on the growth side. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. And our focus predominantly would be on chronic, if I am not mistaken, or correct me if 
I am wrong? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
No. So, basically, as you know that we have two businesses vertical. One is the Healthbuddy 
supply chain business. And second is the RetailerShakti, where we are supplying to the normal 
pharmacies. So, in the normal pharmacy side, we are taking care of the entire portfolio, whether 
it is acute or it is on the chronic. But yes, you are right, in the Healthbuddy supply chain segment, 
the majority of the revenue is coming from the chronic segment. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. Thank you and all the best. 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
Thank you, Mr. Milind. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dixit from Scienvest, please go ahead. 
Dixit: 
Hi, sir. Sorry, I joined the call late. So, I do not know if you have answered these questions. I 
am going to ask them again. So, I see Myjoy as a seller on the Healthplus platform. That is one 
of our subsidiaries, right? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Healthbuddy is a subsidiary, yes. 
Dixit: 
Sir, can you give us… 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Myjoy is not our subsidiary. 
Dixit: 
Myjoy is not one of our… 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Myjoy is a seller on the Flipkart platform. So, Myjoy is a healthbuddy, which is our franchisee 
arrangement. So, Myjoy is our customer. Myjoy is a customer of SastaSundar Healthbuddy 
Limited. Like, there are 500 customers like Myjoy. Because you are in Mumbai, so Myjoy must 
be your supplier. 
Dixit: 
Okay. That's clear. So, can you give us the gross margin split between our RetailerShakti and 
the Myjoy supply chain? How do the gross margins look like and do they vary? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So, the blended gross margin, we are disclosing in the presentation, which is 9.9%. And Mr. 
Ravi Kant Sharma has already explained also. So, that applies on every customer. So, it's very 
difficult to give because there are 500 such healthbuddies. So, individually, healthbuddy-wise 
gross margin giving is difficult to give on call. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Dixit: 
No, no. I was asking on the healthbuddy supply chain of the cumulative business, like you report 
on the breakup of revenue and RetailerShakti has a separate line item. So, the gross margins are 
the same in both the businesses or are they different in both of these businesses? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
No. So, basically, when you are looking at the number, it is a combined number that we are 
reporting actually till now. And last quarter, it was 9.9%. But your suggestions are being taken. 
And we will basically plan to include in the coming quarters the breakdown of our gross profit 
margin level as well. 
Dixit: 
Okay, sir. And sir, I see we've been reporting from quite some time on the Genu Path Labs 
expansion and the app delivery. So, can you talk a little bit about the specific geographies we 
are trying to target and our relationship with, you also mentioned Flipkart will be using our 
diagnostic platform. So, how does that look like? Where are we in the release stage? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So, we are in a very, very tinny initial stage at Genu Path Labs and Genu Health Apps. This is 
just -- we are experimenting it. So, definitely, we'll only focus in West Bengal at the first stage 
because, as I said in my earlier explanation, that we bring innovation, but we always bring 
innovation with efficiency. And there is a sustainability. We are not there to go all out. There is 
a big thinking, but once we act, we act in a very small manner. 
So, this is a very, very innovative ecosystem of Genu Lab along with Genu Health Apps. But 
we will be experimenting it in first and only in West Bengal and not anywhere else other than 
West Bengal. So, anything about this financial figures, predictions, how this business shape up 
will depend upon our experience in West Bengal. 
 
So, for next one year, we don't find any substantial revenue contribution in companies top line 
as well as bottom line. It will take at least three years, four years before any marketable and 
noticeable figures arrive in the books of accounts of SVL. 
Dixit: 
Okay. My last question would be on our gross margin aspirations and the operational leverage 
therein. So, if I talk out, let's say, two years, three years out, given we've built quite a lot of 
warehouses in the last few years, seven, I think, and how will my operational leverage look out, 
let's say, if I'm growing at 25% rate over the years? And what will be my gross margin and 
operational margin? Not the exact numbers, but I just want, if you could give some colour on 
the story around it. What is your aspiration as a company? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, as I taken this in the earlier question as well, like, if you look at the capacities that we have 
built at our end, we can easily basically take care of the 3x to 4x of the business being managed 
from the existing infrastructure or the warehouses that has been already built by the company. 
So, that will definitely provide a very strong operational leverage to the company in terms of the 
cost. As I explained earlier, that if you look at the last quarter, healthcare network has a cost of 
close to INR34 crores. 
 
In terms of the percentage, that's somewhere around 9.5%. If I break down into variable and 
fixed or semi-fixed, variable would be 5%, and fixed or semi-fixed would be 4.5%. So, with the 
growth, Growth will be, I would say that, the major catalyst for us to, number one, reduce the 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
cost and increase the, you can say that, our EBITDA margin, and number two, basically, for the 
capital efficiency. So, 4.5% of the fixed or semi-fixed cost, we would be getting a very strong 
operating leverage going forward in the future, coming from that. 
Just to add, basically, we are in digital business, and we are building this business with a very, 
very strong differentiating factor in terms of efficiency everywhere. If you look at the core of 
the Sasta Sundar group.  Do it with less actually has always been a driving factor for us, and we 
have always, basically, tried to build efficiency in everything we do at our end. So, today, also, 
basically, we can say firmly that we are the most efficient company in terms of the capital and 
in terms of the cost in the similar line of the digital business being run by the other companies. 
 
The business that you are seeing today, actually, has been built at a comparatively very, very 
less capital as compared to the capital that has been deployed or employed or invested by the 
other peer group companies, and the focus was, is, and will always be on remaining efficient in 
terms of the cost and the capital. 
Dixit: 
Sir, for the next presentation, I have a suggestion. Can you also publish the number of Health 
Buddy that are registered with us in every quarter and how they are changing? That will also 
help us. 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, thanks for your suggestion. We will definitely look at that, how to basically structure and 
build in the coming quarter's presentation. 
Dixit: 
Sir, can you give us the number of the current Healthbuddy that we have on our platform and 
what it was last quarter? A rough idea will work, if you have any. 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
No, as that is not being covered in the presentation. As I said, your suggestion is good, and we 
will definitely look at how to imbibe that into the coming quarter's presentation. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Actually, the Healthbuddy are resellers on Flipkart Health, and that is our associate company. 
So, we have certain NDAs with them. So, disclosing the information relating to platforms 
becomes very, very difficult. But, yes, for listed companies, there are some information on how 
we can embark upon these numbers. We will definitely examine in this quarter. 
Dixit: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Milind from Dalal & Broacha. Please go ahead. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
I had one more question. Part of it was similar to what the previous participant asked, which 
was, I think, adding Healthbuddy would be one of the key growth drivers for our business. So, 
what kind of growth do you see on a Y-o-Y basis over a longer period of time in Healthbuddy? 
Because in RetailerShakti, besides Healthbuddy, I'm sure you're supplying to other pharmacies 
as well. So, also, I wanted to understand, what is the benefit which a pharmacy would get 
associating with Sasta Sundar as compared to another pharmaceutical distributor? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, basically, as I said, Sasta Sundar has built a very robust digital-led distribution, pharma 
distribution platform, RetailerShakti. And RetailerShakti provides the opportunity for the 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
retailers to get their all requirements fulfilled at their own hand. So, we have a very robust app 
and mobile site and the website that has been deployed. We have very strong tech backbone that 
provides real-time inventory visibility to the retailers. 
So, say, the benefit for the retailer is, if they have come across with a prescription where the 
medicines are not available at their store. So, they can immediately, basically, search in the 
RetailerShakti app or the site and they can book the order and they can get the delivery next day 
and can supply to the customer. So, that provides a very strong edge to the retailer to satisfy or, 
I would say that, basically, to fulfil the needs and requirements of their customer. 
Number two is, basically, transparency. Transparency in terms of the pricing, transparency in 
terms of the offers. RetailerShakti app and website displays very transparently all the pricing 
structures as well as any kind of offer that is being running on any medicines right now. So, if 
the retailer would like to, basically, avail that benefit, definitely, retailers are a B2B player. So, 
they work on the margins. So, this transparency plays a very critical role for them to have the 
clarity on if they are buying, say, five or six strip of any medicine, If they buy ten strip and they 
get 10% extra, so they can, basically, plan their procurement accordingly. Number three is the 
services, as I said, Retailers are very sure that they are going to get the medicines, whatever they 
have ordered, because it's a real-time inventory that is being exposed to them. So, that gives a 
kind of comfort to them in terms of the fulfilment of the entire requirement of the retailers and 
the delivery of the medicines. And, after sales, basically, services or support, whatever is 
required for the retailers. 
 
So, that is playing a very critical role in terms of retailers, actually, being growing and being 
trusted by the existing retailers who have been on boarded with it. 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Okay. And how do you, typically, how do you, sort of include these pharmacies in your network? 
Do we have a marketing team which goes to the pharmacies, or how does it work? And yes. 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, we have, basically, the sales team or the development team in the different geographies. 
They go and their task is, basically to (i) to onboard the retailers, and (ii) to assist the retailers in 
placing the order online. 100% of the orders that we are getting today on the RetailerShakti is 
online, digitally, placed by the retailers. 
 
It's a business model, where we don't have to keep the people to seek the order from the retailers 
or to go to the retailer's place to take the order or to take the phone call to take the order. It's 
100% digitally online order. Every addition or the growth that is coming to the platform is not 
entailing any cost for the company in terms of generating that order or in terms of managing that 
order. 
Milind Karmarkar:  
Okay. And I also, sort of, endorse the suggestion that if you could give the total touch points 
which we have, may not be only Healthbuddy, but total touch points that we have and how they 
are growing quarter-over-quarter or even year-over-year is fine. That's a suggestion from my 
side. Thank you. 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, thanks for your suggestion.  we'll definitely evaluate this. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Milind Karmarkar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from the line of Dixit from Scienvestwist. Please go 
ahead. 
Dixit: 
So, sir, Retailer Shakti has been our strongest growth engine. Can you talk about the geographies 
in which we're very strong and where we're looking to expand? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
Yes. So, basically, right now, we are majorly operating in West Bengal region and we are 
operating in Noida NCR, UP and NCR region, Delhi, and we are operating in the northeast till 
Guwahati. So, these are the three locations at which we are operating. 
 
If you look at the entire pharmaceutical market, we have got INR2.5 lakh crores plus market. 
And if you look at the individual states like state of Uttar Pradesh or Delhi or West Bengal or 
the northeast, these four states itself basically have the market share of close to INR40,000 to 
INR50,000 crores. So, right now, we are basically growing our base on these territories first. 
 
Simultaneously, we have initiated the plan to open the Retailer Shakti in the other regions as 
well where we have the fulfilment capabilities to fulfil the orders of the retailer on the next day. 
So, like we have four more warehouses. One is in Maharashtra, in Karnataka, in your Hyderabad, 
three warehouses actually through which we would be operating. 
 
So, we are planning to start from there. But still, a country like India, individual state gives you 
an excellent opportunity basically to have a very strong kind of market share actually. So, as I 
said, INR40,000 to INR50,000 crores of the market lies in the existing areas where Retailer 
Shakti is operating right now. 
 Dixit: 
Okay. Thanks for that. And if I talk about the supply chain that, starting from the pharma 
company, then there will be somebody like you as a contract with the pharma company and then 
there are distributors and sub-distributors and then there could be the retailer. 
 
So, if I talk about your model, then starting from you and in between the retailer, how many 
distributors or sub-distributors would you be replacing in the value chain right now? If you can 
give some average number, is it two, three distributors, layer of, range of distributors that you 
are replacing in the value chain? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, I will take this differently. Our model has always been a kind of inclusive model actually 
and we have never thought of excluding any intermediaries in between. In the earlier question, 
when I shared about the Retailer Shakti growth aspiration for the group as a whole, I have talked 
about taking the 10% to 20% of the wallet of the retailers and that would always be basically the 
focus, so that the retailers have the opportunity actually to have the business from the other 
players as well. 
 
And simultaneously, there is no harm of, you can say that, enrolling the sub-distributor or the 
sub-wholesalers as well in the future to be the, taking their delivery from the Retailer Shakti as 
their supplier. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 Dixit: 
Thanks for that. And sir, I was discussing with the retailer in Northern India, the Haryana State, 
and I was discussing the requirements from him. So, one of the questions that had come up is, 
he was looking for a lot of generic medicines. 
 
We have a lot of branded medicines on our Retailer Shakti platform and he was very happy with 
the discounts and the PTRs that were being offered to him. Do we have a large number, a plan 
to introduce a generic portfolio also? Because they make a lot of margin, retailers would make 
a lot of margin there, so they are looking for that also? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, that's a very good question actually. So, in terms of the growth strategies, we have already 
taken the initiative to start digging on the generic side. But on the generic actually, we are 
working on it in a very planned manner. We are going with the generic medicines of the reputed 
companies operating in India. And we are keeping certain, you can say that the range of the 
brands of say, Abbott or the Cipla, these brands right now. And definitely, depending upon the 
demand that is coming from the market, we have the aspiration to increase the basket of the 
generic. 
 
But we will always be very, very cautious in terms of selecting the brand of the generic as well 
and we would be focusing on keeping the good name or the good brand generic products only 
in the future. 
 Dixit: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. That answers my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manish Shah, Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Manish Shah: 
Hi, this is Manish. I'm an individual investor. I have two questions. One is about the merger, 
demerger of SastaSundar Venture with SastaSundar HealthBuddy. When this will be completed 
and when this will be finished? Second question is about Flipkart Health platform in which the 
company holds, I think, 24% or 18% stake, right? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
Yes, absolutely right. 
Manish Shah: 
Yes, yes. How this shareholding will be transferred to the current shareholders or any plans 
regarding this platform? Because as per my understanding, platform valuation is more than 
backend work. So, can you throw some light on this platform share status of this platform? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So yes, the merger process has already been started. We've applied to the stock exchange. 
Manish Shah: 
Yes, yes. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
We are in the permission. Now we have gone to the SEBI for taking some exemption about the 
public shareholding of our shareholders, Mitsubishi and Rohto. So, the SEBI reply is awaited. 
So, we expect that subject to -- this is all regulatory process, but we expect that next 18 months. 
Manish Shah: 
Okay. 

 
 
SastaSundar Ventures Limited
 
 
November 16, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
The regulatory process must be completed but depends upon the law. And second part is under 
this process, there is no plan to distribute the shareholding of our platform company Flipkart 
Health. The Flipkart Health shareholding will continue to be hold by SastaSundar Ventures Ltd. 
It's a holding company. SastaSundar Healthbuddy Ltd. which is currently holding the shares will 
be transferred to the ultimate holding company. This will not be distributed to the shareholders. 
The distribution will entail to the NBFC business, which is Microsec Resources Ltd. Those 
shares will be distributed to the shareholders. And apart from this platform shareholding, there 
is another subsidiary called Retailer Shakti which is growing as well. And then there is a business 
called Genu Health Business. That will also be a substantial business going forward. 
Manish Shah: 
Okay. Flipkart holding will stay in the company, right? 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Right. Right. 
Manish Shah: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Yes. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next follow-up question is from Dixit from Scienvest. Please go ahead. 
 Dixit: 
So, sir, what is the, I wanted to confirm more about the returns in the expiry in the Retailer Shakti 
business. Did we get any pushback on that side? And what is the economics there for the retailer? 
Ravi Kant Sharma: 
So, if you look at the expiry policy, it's already there on the platform of Retailer Shakti where 
the retailers can basically hand over close to 4% of their purchase to us on the expiry prospective 
side. It's already there actually in the policies, written policies published on the Retailer Shakti 
website and app. 
 Dixit: 
Okay. Thanks. That's all from me then. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions, I will now hand the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Banwari Lal Mittal: 
So, we hope we have explained it properly and we are very positive about the business and very 
optimistic about India's story and the story of Sasta Sundar. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of SastaSundar Ventures Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
