 
 
 
 
           Corp. Office: Shree Laxmi Woolen Mills Estate, 2nd Floor, 
 R.R. Hosiery, Off Dr. E. Moses Rd. Mahalaxmi, Mumbai - 400 011   
                                      
 
 
 
 
      Tel: (022) 3001 6600 Fax : (022) 3001 6601 
       
 
 
 
 
 
 
      CIN No. : L17100MH1905PLC000200   
Regd. Office : The Phoenix Mills Ltd., 462 Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013. Tel : (022) 2496 4307 / 8 / 9   
Fax : (022) 2493 8388  E-mail : info@thephoenixmills.com   www.thephoenixmills.com 
 
 
 
November 13, 2023 
 
To, 
 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
 
Exchange Plaza,  
Dalal Street, Fort, 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
 
 
 
Mumbai- 400051 
 
Security code: 503100 
 
 
Symbol: PHOENIXLTD 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call 
 
This is further to our letter dated November 09, 2023, wherein we had informed the 
exchange about the conclusion of our Earnings Conference Call held on that date with 
Analysts / Institutional Investors on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated 
Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023, 
please find attached herewith the Transcript of the said Earnings Conference Call. 
 
The enclosed Transcript is also available on the Company’s website and can be 
accessed at https://www.thephoenixmills.com/investors/FY2024/Earnings-Call-
Transcript.  
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For The Phoenix Mills Limited 
 
 
 
Gajendra Mewara 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As enclosed 
 
GAJENDRA 
MEWARA
Digitally signed by 
GAJENDRA 
MEWARA 
Date: 2023.11.13 
18:47:01 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
The Phoenix Mills Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
9th November 2023 
 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 and H1 FY24 
results for the conference call of The Phoenix Mills Limited.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and 
there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Management of the company is being 
represented by Mr. Shishir Shrivastava, Managing Director, Mr. Anuraag 
Srivastava, Group CFO and Mr. Varun Parwal, Group President, Strategy 
and Corporate Finance.  
 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing “*” followed by “0” on your touch tone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Shishir 
Shrivastava. Thank you and over to you, Sir.  
 
Shishir Shrivastava: 
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. We take pleasure in welcoming you 
all to discuss the operating and financial performance for the second 
quarter and half year ended September 2023. We hope that you have 
had a chance to look at the results presentation shared by us. The same 
is uploaded on the stock exchanges as well as on our corporate website.  
 
I will now take you through the key highlights of the results with 
reference to the relevant slides of the results presentation. Over the last 
10 months, we were tasked with launching four malls and today we are 
extremely proud of having delivered these world class experiential 
developments which set new benchmarks in retail and mall design.  
 
Starting with Phoenix Mall of Asia, Bangalore, if I may draw your attention 
to Slide 3 onwards, we launched this mall on October 27th 2023 with over 
440 national and international brands, complete with India's largest 
international luxury watch cluster, a wide array of entertainment and 
dining options, complemented with beautiful and captivating interiors 
and decor. We expect Phoenix Mall of Asia not only to be a luxury 
destination for Bangalore, but a complete family destination and become 
the true landmark retail asset for the entire South of India.  
 
As of October 2023, the mall was operating with a trading occupancy of 
approximately 43% and we expect this to inch forward towards the 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
second-half of this financial year. From our experience, the ramp up that 
we have seen at Phoenix Citadel Indore or Palladium Ahmedabad, we 
expect Phoenix Mall of Asia to be at a trading occupancy of approximately 
75% by March 31, 2024.  
 
Next up is Phoenix Mall of the Millennium at Wakad, Pune you may see 
on slide 7. We launched Phoenix Mall of the Millennium on September 
1st, 2023. The mall is home to over 350 national and international brands 
and an entertainment zone of over 1 lac square feet with various 
attractions such as a fan park, entertainment centers such as Time Zone 
and Fun City,  a 14 screen Inox multiplex and over 75 dining options with 
the food court having a capacity of more than 550 people. Trading 
occupancy has shown a strong ramp up since launch and stood at 50% in 
October 2023 versus 44% during September 2023 with about 177 stores 
now operational. We expect this trading occupancy to inch up to about 
80% by March 2024. 
 
On slide 12, we have Palladium Ahmedabad. This asset, which was 
launched on 26th February 2023, marked our entry into Gujarat and the 
trading occupancy again has seen a fast ramp up from 32% at launch in 
February 2023 to 77% in October 2023. Moving on to slide 13, Phoenix 
Citadel, Indore was launched in December 2022. Here again, we have 
seen the trading occupancy ramp up from 42% at launch to about 90% in 
October 2023.  
 
Now on to a quick update on our underdevelopment retail assets. If you 
may look at slide 14 and onwards. At Phoenix Grand Victoria, Kolkata we 
have received all development permissions. We have also completed the 
pre-construction activities and currently excavation and foundation work 
is under progress. Our second retail destination is in Gujarat, at Surat, we 
expect the construction to commence in Q3 of FY24. At the retail 
expansion for Phoenix Palladium, Mumbai spanning across retail GLA of 
approximately 250,000 in the current phase, civil works have reached an 
advanced stage, and we expect to complete this project by about March 
of 2024.  
 
Moving on with our retail portfolio performance for Q2 FY24, from slide 
17 onwards of the presentation. Consolidated consumption, which 
represents net sales reported by the retailers at each of our centers, at a 
portfolio level, for the quarter ended September 2023, stood at Rs. 2,639 
crores with a growth of 20% over the same period last year. To compare 
this growth on a like to like basis, if we exclude the contribution from the 
new malls launched which are Phoenix Citadel, Palladium Ahmedabad 
and Phoenix Mall of the Millennium and adjust for the impact from 
closure of the lifestyle store at Phoenix Palladium, Mumbai, the 
consumption has grown by about 10%.  
 

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
Turning to slide 21 onwards for the financial performance of our retail 
portfolio for the year so far. For Q2 FY24, retail rental income stood at Rs. 
392 crores, up 25% when compared to Q2 FY23 and 8% on a like to like 
basis excluding the new malls launched. Retail EBITDA for this quarter 
was Rs. 402 crores up 26% compared to Q2 FY23 and up 11% on a like to 
like basis. For H1 FY24, retail rental income stood at Rs. 769 crores, up 
21% compared to H1 FY23 and up 6% on a like to like basis excluding the 
new malls launched. Retail EBITDA for this period was Rs. 789 crores, up 
23% compared to Q2 FY23 and up 9% on a like-to-like basis. 
 
With the onset of the festive and the winter season now for FY24, we look 
forward to a fabulous performance in the second half of the year as well.  
 
I now request Anuraag to take you through the office, hotels and 
residential section and the overall financial results.  
 
Anuraag Srivastava:  
Thank you, Shishir. Good morning, everyone. Please refer to slide 27 and 
onwards for an update on commercial offices. Our commercial office 
portfolio is seeing improving traction with gross leasing of over 3 lac 
square feet in the period from April to October 2023 with about 2 lac 
square feet of new leasing and 1 lac square feet of renewals.  
 
Total income from commercial offices in Q2 FY24 was Rs. 47 crores, up 
9% compared to Q2FY23 and total EBITDA stood at Rs. 26 crores with a 
growth of about 6% over Q2 FY23. During H1FY24, income stood at Rs. 
91 crores, which was up 9% year on year and EBITDA was Rs. 52 crores, 
up 7% year on year.  
 
Moving on to an update on the under construction commercial office 
projects from slide 31 onwards. We are progressing well on our 
development of the next leg of growth in commercial offices. At Phoenix 
Asia Towers, lobby, common area finishing and façade work is underway. 
The first phase of these offices, which is about 0.8 million square feet, is 
expected to be operational during the current financial year i.e., FY24.  
 
At Millennium Towers Wakad, slab work is in advanced stages for the 
office towers. At the Palladium offices at Chennai, we target completion 
in FY25. We have also received USGBC LEED Pre-Certification with Gold 
Rating at this asset. For Project Rise, all development permissions have 
been secured, foundation work has been completed and basement slab 
2 has also been completed. As far as the commercial office component 
within expansion of our mixed-use asset in Whitefield is concerned, 
excavation work is nearing completion.  
 
Moving on to the hotel portfolio, from slide 37 onwards, first covering 
The St. Regis Mumbai, we continue to see significant improvement in our 
performance. ARR in Q2 FY24 was about Rs. 15,040 and in H1 FY24, it was 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
Rs. 15,767. Both showed an increase of 27% and 32% respectively over 
previous year.  
 
Total income for Q2 FY24 stood at Rs. 102 crores with growth of 20% over 
Q2 FY23 and at Rs. 213 crores for H1 FY24, up 39% over H1FY23. With the 
increase in total income, EBITDA margin has also improved to 43% in H1 
FY24 compared to 40% in H1 FY23.  
 
At our property in Agra, Courtyard by Marriott, ARR in Q2FY24 was at Rs. 
4,196 and in H1 FY24 it was Rs. 4,303, both showing an increase of 8% 
and 13% respectively over the previous year. Total income for Q2FY24 
stood at Rs. 9 crores, up 7% from Q2FY23 and EBITDA was Rs. 1 crore up 
7%. Total income for H1 FY24 stood at Rs. 20 crores, up 20% from last 
year and EBITDA stood at Rs. 3 crores, demonstrating a 19% growth.  
 
Our residential business update is from slide 44 onwards. We continue to 
witness very good traction in residential sales. We have completed gross 
residential sales booking of Rs. 495 crores in YTD October 2023 which is 
already higher than gross sales booking of Rs. 466 crores done in FY23. 
Same goes for collections, which stood at Rs. 423 crores in YTD October 
2023, surpassing the full year collection of Rs. 369 crores seen in FY23.  
 
We have built and delivered about 2.83 million square feet across One 
Bangalore West and Kessaku, of which we now have only about 5 lac 
square feet of unsold inventory left. At our under development, premium 
residential project at Alipore, Kolkata, consultants for various work 
streams have been on boarded and we are in the process of obtaining our 
development permissions.  
 
I would like to now move to financial results from slide 47 onwards. Some 
of the key highlights of our consolidated financial performance are as 
follows.  
 
Income from operations for Q2FY24 stood at Rs. 875 crores. This is up 
34% year on year and at Rs. 1,686 crores for H1 up 38% year on year. 
Operating EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 514 crores, up 35% year on 
year and Rs. 1,006 crores for the first half, up 43% year on year. Reported 
PAT after minority interest and after comprehensive income for Q2 FY24 
stood at Rs. 262 crores, which is up 40% year on year and stood at Rs. 531 
crores for the first half.  
 
Debt position from slide 48 onwards, consolidated gross debt stood at Rs. 
4,263 crores as on 30th September 2023, down by Rs. 310 crores since 
March 2020. 97% of our gross debt is on operational portfolio with very 
competitive average borrowing rate of 8.71%. Currently our lowest cost 
of borrowing stands at 8.50%. Despite RBI increasing rates by 250 bps 
since March 2022, our borrowing costs have gone up only 141 bps so far. 
As the overall interest rates in the economy start to rise, our effort will 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
be to minimize the impact of this on our cost of borrowing by reducing 
the spread charged by the banks on top of the repo rate.  
 
Cash flows from slide 50 onwards. For H1 FY24, we generated about Rs. 
1,060 crores of net cash from operating activities and our operating free 
cash flows stood at Rs. 882 crores.  
 
Liquidity position from slide 53 onwards, group level liquidity on 30th 
September 2023 stood at Rs. 2,166 crores up by Rs. 411 crores from the 
position as of 31st March 2023. This excludes the amount remaining 
unutilized in OD accounts. Net debt stood at about Rs. 2,096 crores, down 
by Rs. 186 crores from the position as on 31st March 2023.  
 
We are bullish on our business prospects and with a strong balance sheet 
position our focus remains on delivering our under-construction projects 
on time and judiciously deploy our capital to expand our portfolio.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Resham Jain from DSP asset managers. Please 
go ahead.  
 
Resham Jain: 
Hi, good morning, team. So, I have just a couple of questions. So first one 
is if you can just help with your overall capex to be incurred over the next 
three years based on the current development which you are going to 
do.  
 
Management: 
Hi Resham. So, between now and 2027 from the projects that are already 
announced and updated on the presentation, we have a further capex of 
about Rs. 4,800 to 5,000 crores that is left and this is between current 
calendar year and up to 2027. This includes 3 million square feet of retail 
that is under construction at various stages and the over 5 million square 
feet of commercial offices, as well as the residential development 
planned at Alipore.  
 
Resham Jain: 
And the overall let's say, if I look at the cash generation over the same 
period, the cash generation seems to be significantly higher than the 
numbers. So how are we thinking about the incremental cash which we 
are going to generate? Because our debt levels are at a reasonable level 
now at net debt. So just your thoughts on the same? 
  
Management: 
You are right. I think with the excess cash, we will continue to build our 
retail portfolio and look at further business development opportunities. 
Retail continues to be our flagship business and we see a lot of 
opportunities in expanding in cities where we already exist as well as the 
new cities in other towns. So that is the focus and of course as the retail 
assets come up, we will also continue to focus on the mixed-use 
development. Just passing it on to Shishir for further comments.  
 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
 
So, if we just look at the current run rate, we see about Rs. 2,000 crores 
of free cash being generated annually. And as Varun mentioned, we have 
about Rs. 5,000 crores of capex for projects which are already under 
development and already announced. We continue to look for 
opportunities for expanding our real estate, retail and residential and 
office vertical. So, I think we are on a good path to look at deploying 
significant free cash in new projects in acquisition and development of 
new projects.  
 
Resham Jain: 
The other question I have is on residential. Will you have the post-tax IRR 
let's say of the Bangalore residential project which is now about to get 
over. Let's say in 2024-25 what will be your approximate post tax IRR in 
that residential project? 
 
Management: 
So, if you look at how the project has moved and especially in the way 
the prices have moved, we launched this project back in 2012 at a price 
of Rs. 5,500 per square feet on launch date and today in October 2023, 
we have taken the selling prices to above Rs. 21,000 on per square feet 
basis. We of course had incurred land cost etc back in 2012, but then we 
utilized the base FSI to construct the first five towers and return all the 
capital back; so the company had received full return of its entire equity 
investment back in 2014-2015 itself. Kessaku has been launched 
thereafter and we have purchased development potential and incurred 
construction cost to construct this.  
 
Residential project if you look at it from the markup that we see on our 
construction cost today, today our landed cost of development for a 
premium residential tower is at Rs. 7,500 to 8,000 per square feet for a 
Kessaku sort of development wherein we provide a lot of lifestyle 
amenities, but the selling price that we have in excess of Rs. 20,000. So, 
from our capital multiplier, it's a significant improvement and that also 
results in a good post tax IRR i.e. of our targeted IRR of 18 to 20% on a 
post tax basis.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Puneet Gulati. 
From HSBC. Please go ahead, Sir.  
 
Puneet: 
Thank you so much and congratulations on good numbers. My first 
question is on your office project. So, the Bangalore and the Pune one are 
close to completion and set to launch. Can you elaborate on what is the 
progress on leasing there and how are you seeing the market?  
 
Management: 
Hi, Puneet. Good morning. We are expecting the OC for the offices at 
Bangalore which are Asia Towers, shortly. So we have not been able to 
execute any leases, but I can talk about the pipeline. We have seen a 
significant pipeline and profile typically is for 2 lac square feet and or 
thereabouts for each tenant. So, if we just look at the cumulative 
pipeline, it is close to about 2 million square feet of pipeline and several 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
of those are waiting for conversion. At this point in time, I think we feel 
fairly confident that within about 12 months of the OC coming in, we 
should have about a 75% kind of an occupancy within development, this 
is across 800,000 square feet of total leasable area under Phase I.  
 
 
And in Pune we are expecting the building completion for Millennium 
Towers for the first phase to be in August of 2024. Again, we are looking 
at what is the pipeline there seems to be significant demand for this part 
of the city.  
 
Puneet: 
And so I thought the total leasable area was 1.2 million, right, you said 
0.8 million.  
 
Management: 
So, at Bangalore, we have a further 250,000 square feet of FSI potential 
there, which we have not built out as yet, because of not having clarity 
on the TDR policy in that city. So, we have about almost 400,000 square 
feet of GLA where in one of the towers where we have the ability to 
construct once that becomes clear.  
 
Puneet: 
 
 
So, you're building 0.8 in Bangalore and similar 0.8 in Pune as well.  
 
Management: 
0.8 million square feet in Phase I, 0.4 million square feet in phase II in 
Bangalore and in Millennium Towers, it's a total of 1.4 million square feet 
GLA which we are building out. It's just that the first tower will become 
ready in August 2024 and the next one will be ready by maybe about 
January 2025 or February 2025 somewhere in that period. Cumulatively 
it is about 1.4 million square feet of GLA.  
 
Puneet: 
Ok. And can you also indicate what kind of rentals are you likely to 
negotiate there?  
 
Management: 
So, looking at that competitive landscape in Wakad, the numbers 
currently are at around Rs. 70-75 per square foot. I believe that our 
product is a front office premium grade-A, USGBC LEED certified product 
which will command premium rentals. So, 24 or say 12 months from now 
we should be in the region of about Rs. 80-85 thereabout, that would be 
our starting rent.  
 
Puneet: 
And in Bangalore? 
 
Management: 
Bangalore is also going to be around Rs. 80-85 per square foot as the all-
inclusive bare shell rent.  
 
Puneet: 
And secondly on this land purchase, I might have missed it. I joined a bit 
late on the land purchase. What are the thoughts that what do you want 
to develop on in Thane?  
 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Management: 
Puneet, as you are aware, I think the competitive landscape there has 
quite a bit of retail. So, we are evaluating what is the ideal development 
mix. We have also seen that despite the inventory overhang on 
residential, we have seen that the good grade-A quality residential has 
outperformed in that market with rates in excess of Rs. 20,000 a square 
foot. So, we are evaluating the ideal development mix for this location 
and we are certainly cautious about the competitive landscape in retail. 
So, I think it is going to take another three months or thereabouts to 
define what we are going to finally, build there.  
 
Puneet: 
But you would have done some IRR calculation, right? And what would 
that have been based on?  
 
Management: 
So we have looked at various scenarios. We have looked at mixed-use 
development with retail in the lead, we have looked at residential, we 
looked at a combination of residential. I think the returns work in any 
scenario in terms of our return expectation on equity, I think they work 
in any scenario but the risk is probably as I mentioned, the competitive 
landscape one has to be very cautious about, so we are evaluating 
whether we want to take that risk or we want to mitigate that risk and go 
with the residential kind of a development, or a residential with ancillary 
retail, but we have not decided and at this point in time my answer to 
you is that we will take three months or so, to decide on the development 
mix.  
 
Puneet: 
And just on the broad question, I know you have answered it to a certain 
extent. How are you looking at deploying the huge amount of free cash 
flow that that you will be generating should we expect anything in the 
next 1-2 years to get added and then which geographies?  
 
Management: 
Adding new developments is routine for us, that is how we are growing 
and we continue to be very aggressive in terms of evaluating land 
opportunities in some of the key markets; in some of these markets there 
were auctions announced which then got cancelled, but we are actively 
looking for land in four or five different key markets that we have 
identified where we want to be. So, as we have done in the last several 
years, we will keep acquiring and delivering at least a million square feet 
of retail every year or thereabouts.  
 
Puneet: 
Right. But you have to spend close to at least a thousand plus crore every 
year, right? So that's a large sum to spend as well.  
 
 
Management: 
It is a large sum to spend, but I think it's good to have that kind of an 
ammo to go and buy the most premium land parcels for the most 
premium development in these cities. So, land cost is not low, right? We 
also want to also keep our debt levels in check while we pursue these 
opportunities or pursue expansion opportunities at our existing 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
development. So, we will be very judicious about how we utilize our cash 
flows.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go 
ahead.  
 
Kunal:  
When I look at your trading occupancies in the last 12 months, right, I 
mean across your assets, they've increased from say 4 to 8% and when I 
look at same store consumption, it's grown by 10%, so, adjusted for the 
trading occupancy is it fair to say that the consumption growth like to like 
same store would be about 4 odd percent.  
 
Management: 
So I think on your question on 1st on trading occupancy, we have had a 
very strong line up of retailers who have either entered India or expanded 
into India and we have been accommodating them in our malls over a 
period of time and we saw a number of them opening up in September 
and further more followed up in October as well. And this I'm referring to 
only the existing operational portfolio. So today our asset like Phoenix 
MarketCity in Bangalore, which was launched in 2011, it's trading at a 
lifetime occupancy of 98% and we have a very big lineup of brands who 
we are still waiting to accommodate in this mall. That said, a number of 
these retailers have recently entered and opened in the mall, and their 
performance in the first 18 months takes time to ramp up and start 
contributing meaningfully to the overall trading density perspective.  
 
If I look at say, malls where the new retailers have been operational for 
some time, I would say that Phoenix Palladium has seen a training density 
growth of 7 to 8% year on year on a like to like basis, whereas Phoenix 
Palassio has seen a like to like growth of over 14% if I'm looking at same 
store sales contribution. We see the strong high single digit contribution 
from stores across our existing operational portfolio.  
 
We have also to share some light with you. We have also given a category 
wise breakup in the presentation wherein on a like to like basis, the 
overall portfolio has seen a 10% growth and this contribution has been 
led by Jewellery, which has grown at 25%, by F&B, which has grown at 
12% and of course multiplexes which have had their best ever quarter at 
22%. We have also seen a recovery in hypermarkets. I think some of the 
legacy issues that we have faced in the hypermarket performance in FY23 
is starting to get addressed and resolved. It still remains way below what 
we have seen compared to the pre COVID level, but it is starting to 
improve from the low basis that we saw in FY23.  
 
Kunal:  
So fair to say that the whole catch up will happen in subsequent quarters 
when these newer tenants, their consumption kind of normalizes.  
 
Management: 
Absolutely. We had Uniqlo open recently in October 2023. Now that's 
certainly going to add significantly to the overall consumption in that 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
area. I think also now with this festive season, it's going to be a good way 
to track against what the consumption was last year, for the next three 
months, October, November and December. I don't think that there is 
any sentiment or structural issue that we are seeing impacting the 
consumption in the mall. Last quarter certainly we did see an impact, but 
I think in the long term it will balance out. So, this next quarter is very key 
for us.  
 
Kunal:  
My second question was on again the Thane land, I mean in the past 
we've been very clear in terms of like when we buy a land, there's always 
end use land strategized but this seems a little different, like in terms of 
we bought the land, but even not yet sure whether we'll build retail or 
residential. Just wanted to understand the thought process behind 
acquiring this land.  
 
Management: 
It is a landmark location. It does not take away from our confidence in 
building a fabulous retail development but there is significant 
competition and there are quite a few of our brands, which are already 
occupying retail space in these other malls in that vicinity, right? While 
we have been able to, I think we have acquired this land at a fair value 
and we want to figure out what is the best return for our efforts and our 
investment into this land. Hence, we are evaluating other asset classes 
where the risk on the return estimates are much lower. So that's the only 
point here. We have evaluated this for a retail-led mixed-use 
development. And it does meet our returns profile, but there are risks 
associated with that. So we are looking at the ideal development mix 
which mitigate any risks to the return. 
 
Kunal:  
Any idea on the potential leasable area or salable area potential that this 
land would have? 
 
Management: 
Let me tell you that the overall development potential is 3 million square 
feet or slightly higher than that actually. We may have to slice this up into 
three or four different asset classes. So that is what we are trying to really 
figure out at this point in time.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Murtuza Arsiwalla from Kotak 
Securities. Please go ahead.  
 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
How much money has already been spent on the projects we talked 
about another 4,800 crore that is to be spent. How much money is 
already spent on these projects? That's one and 2nd for, a lot of projects 
that have been commissioned, is there any sense or understanding with 
the partners in each of these individual projects on the utilization of cash 
that these operational malls now throw our?  
 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Management: 
Murtuza, I will take the first part of your question. You spoke about how 
much we have spent on these various assets so far. So, for the malls that 
have opened up as well as the money that we have spent on offices and 
retail under construction, we have cumulatively spent about Rs. 6,000 
crores from 2018 till now on these assets and we can of course connect 
offline and share asset wise details if required on the amount spent on 
each asset.  
 
Your second question was on the ability to upstream cash flows from SPV 
with JV partners. Currently the JV that we have with GIC, we are 
earmarking the free cash being generated from there to be invested or 
deployed in a in a new acquisition, one or two. In the other JV, which we 
have with CPPIB, we have ongoing expansions, so a bulk of this Rs. 5,000 
crores of future spend is going to be in these SPV's or in the partnership 
with CPPIB. So, we are looking at the most efficient way of utilizing those 
cash flows for that expansion.  
 
Murtuza Arsiwalla: 
So if I understand that right, for instance the Bangalore mall or some of 
the more recently commissioned in malls in Bangalore or Pune which are 
partnership with CPPIB under a separate SPV, the surplus funds will go 
let's say Kolkata Mall, which is a separate SPV, but still in the same 
corner.  
 
Management: 
We have Bangalore, we have a significant expansion, right. We are 
building a 300 plus key Grand Hyatt Hotel, we are building 1 million 
square feet of offices plus we are expanding the retail at the Bangalore 
mall so that SPV in itself will have a sizable capex out of this Rs. 4,800 
crores that Varun outlined for you. Similarly, I would say that with the 
new malls opening,  Mall of the Millennium at Pune, it's going to take 
time for the cash flows to build out, when we see significant free cash 
being generated, we will evaluate the mechanism of how that can be up 
streamed or how that could be utilized. Let me also clarify, at Mall of the 
Millennium, currently we may have spent only about 70% of the overall 
project cost for the mall alone and we are still incurring expenses on the 
office development, so any free cash that gets generated there will get 
utilized in that development first. Mall of the Millennium we've probably 
spent about maybe 60% of the overall project cost, so free cash getting 
generated there will get utilized for the capex and completion of the 
offices etc. So, the cash utilization in terms of capex is already pretty 
straightforward and identified for the next three years.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of the Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Stock Brokers. Please go ahead.  
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
Good morning and wish you all a very happy Diwali. So, my first question 
is on the Alipore and Project Rise. Sir, from when do you see rental 
generation from these two assets, the Alipore and the Project Rise?  
 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Management: 
So Project Rise is right now at the excavation and foundation stage. We 
have completed the excavation and basement two is completed and we 
are now working on basement one. I would say that the project is about 
another 36 months away from generating rent, retail there may be 
starting a few months ahead of offices. Kolkata at this point in time, we 
are coming out of the ground, excavation is completed there and the mall 
I would say another 36 to 40 months for the mall to become operational 
from today.  
 
Biplab Debbarma:  
 
So FY27-28 for both Alipore and Project Rise, is that correct?  
 
Management:  
 
26-27 I would say.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parvez Qazi from Nuvama Group. 
Please go ahead.  
 
Parvez:  
Hi, good afternoon and thanks for taking my question. So, on the 
residential portfolio, considering that we now just have about 0.5 million 
square feet of inventory left, any thoughts about launching Tower 8 and 
9 in Bangalore? And also related question about the residential project in 
Kolkata. When can we see a launch there?  
 
Management: 
So, towers 8 and 9 at Bangalore, we will only announce or launch once 
we are able to proceed with the TDR loading on the layout which 
currently as per policy, there is some ambiguity. But again I think it is a 
hugely anticipated launch in that micro market and as much as we are 
looking forward to the launch, we know that there is a huge customer 
base that is looking forward to this launch. Kolkata is in the design stage. 
I think we may be about 6 months or so away from announcing the 
launch.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth. 
From Motilal Oswal, please go ahead.  
 
Pritesh:  
Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, on slide 69, 
where you have given the expiry details. So based on that data, if I 
calculate roughly, 4 million odd square feet of space in these malls is 
going to come up for expiry over the next three years, over roughly 1 
million square feet each. So how should we look at rental growth in one 
of these assets for renewals?  
 
Management: 
Hi Pritesh. So you are right and the idea of putting out a renewal schedule 
is also for us to plan and see how we can improve upon the brand mix 
and the category mix inside our malls. If we see over the last four years 
from pre COVID to now, we have significantly enhanced the presence of 
newer, faster growth categories, whether it's in cosmetics or jewelry or 
in fashion by replacing or by creating space for new assets and new 
brands entering the country and also increasing the experience oriented 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
component such as F&B and relooking at how F&B's run inside the malls. 
Over the next three years, the pipeline that we have allows us to continue 
to revamp and ensure that our existing assets drive market leading 
growth and they continue to stay very relevant for the new age, 
consumers and the discretionary consumers as well.  
 
For us, it’s routine to see every mall go through this renewal or end of 
contract cycle. So on an average we would see 15 to 20% kind of a 
renewal across up or end of contract across our portfolio every year. In 
some years it may spike up because of let's say anchor agreements 
coming for end of contract etc. However, our learning has been over the 
last 20 years and we have tried to implement this learning, that every 
such spike where you may see in a year 25-30% of an area coming up for 
end of contract, it presents us with a huge opportunity to evolve that 
asset by making significant changes on the experiential side, maybe 
circulation related aspects addressing those which we learn over a period 
of time and also changing the brand mix a little.  
 
So over the years as the asset evolves and these renewal opportunities 
or end of contract opportunities arise, we get the ability to move certain 
brands to other locations where they will be more successful and freeing 
up that location for a newer brand or a higher positioned brand and this 
is across the life cycle of the asset. Year after year it evolves and the 
premium-ness of the overall offering keeps moving up. Sorry for that, 
lengthy answer to your short question.  
 
Pritesh:  
No, thanks for the detailed explanation. But in general, since most of 
these assets are up for renewal after 10 years of operations right, major 
reset would obviously be expected in terms of rentals as well. So as per 
your experience how much should that reset be versus the usual five 7% 
kind of contractual escalation?  
 
Management: 
Firstly, the cycle is not ten years. We see a spike coming in every five years 
and at an average on annual basis about 15 to 20% of the area gets end 
of contract. At the end of contract typically we see a significant catch up 
on the minimum guarantee rent. So minimum guarantee rent moves up 
to maybe a slightly higher than what was the actual rent received on 
account of revenue share. So at that point, typically in a renewal we may 
see about a 15% kind of an increase in minimum guarantee rent and if it's 
an anchor space, let's say that we reorganize to smaller stores in those 
scenarios, the delta could be as high as 50-60% as well in terms of rental 
increase. But on a portfolio basis, you can assume a 15 to 20% increment 
in the base rent. So, whatever was the last rent paid by a particular brand, 
when we re-lease that store at end of fixed contract, we expect a 15 to 
20% increase there.  
 
Pritesh:  
Got it. Second question on your consumption guidance that you gave of 
Rs. 11,000 crores at starting of the year we have already done I think 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
roughly Rs. 5,200 odd crores, you will stick to that guidance or there's an 
upside potential to that?  
 
Management: 
I think we may be a little ahead of what we may have estimated for H1 
because now the festive season kicks in and this is really I think we're all 
super excited to see how the next three months perform.  
 
Pritesh:  
And just lastly on Thane again since it's in Sparkle Two, which is the 
subsidiary and Sparkle One, we have a JV with CPPIB. So, this is also with 
in partnership with CPPIB that we are acquiring this Thane land? 
 
Management: 
No, I'm clarifying that Sparkle Two is a 100% subsidiary of The Phoenix 
Mills Limited,  as was Sparkle One before, when it was created and then 
it was used with CPPIB coming into and investing into Sparkle One. So 
Sparkle Two is 100% subsidiary and it is not connected to the CPPIB JV in 
any way.  
 
Pritesh:  
But would one of the two partners be interested in coming up with us for 
that land? Depends on the mix, I guess.  
 
Management: 
Yes, that depends on the development mix, which at present we have not 
finalized as I mentioned earlier.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan 
from CLSA. Please go ahead.  
 
Kunal: 
Hi, thanks for the follow up. We had earlier highlighted that we will be 
looking at acquiring 2 land parcels a year. Just wanted some clarification 
on that, the two land parcels would be towards retail and over and above 
you would look at say for the residential expansion or two land parcels in 
total and it could be either residential or mixed or retail.  
 
Management: 
Our goal is, as I mentioned many times previously Kunal, in the last 
several years our goal was to after 2024, when we have developed, 
delivered all the projects that we had undertaken in FY17, our goal was 
to deliver a million square feet after 2024 of retail every year. So, I think 
we are well on track to achieve that, and we will continue to buy one or 
two land parcels for retail every year.  
 
Kunal: 
Secondly, on the first CPPIB platform, that most of the assets with say 
Bangalore and Pune, commencing operations, most of the assets under 
the first platform are operational. What would be the exit strategy for 
CPPIB and also like in terms of our interest, would we look at buying back 
stake as a part of CPPIB’s exit strategy.  
 
Management: 
So, Kunal, while the malls have become operational, the other asset 
classes being developed on those same land parcels continue to, for the 
next two to three years the project continues. So, at present we are still 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
in active development in the CPPIB JV with the office expansion, the hotel 
at Bangalore and the additional retail area being added there. There is 
absolutely no discussion on exit or any exit strategy at this point in time 
with CPPIB.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Biplab Debbarma from Antique Stock 
broking, please go ahead.  
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, my earlier question was going forward as we keep investing in new 
land parcel in the major cities. Do you see that we would be doing mixed-
use development rather than purely kind of retail focus? because of the 
high competitive landscape as you are paying in Thane or Thane is just a 
one of the incidences that we are seeing?  
 
Management: 
Thane may be an aberration because it is already a very dense micro 
market and with significant competition.  
 
Biplab Debbarma: 
So, our focus, as you rightly said the focus would be on the pure play retail 
and opportunistic investments in other segments of real estate. We all 
focus continues to be retail. Is that correct, Sir?  
 
Management: 
If I may explain this to you, see there are certain markets or other across 
the country today, land parcels have much more development potential, 
which one cannot consume entirely for retail. So even if we acquire a land 
which is focused for a retail development, we will consider other asset 
classes to exploit that maximum potential on the FSI, what that asset 
class is will depend on what is the demand in that particular city and in 
that market.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Atul Mehra from 
Motilal Oswal Asset Management, please go ahead.  
 
Atul Mehra:  
Good morning and thanks for the opportunity. So just one question in 
terms of with this outlay of Rs. 4,800 crores till FY27 that we mentioned. 
And given that along the way we will have renewals and escalations from 
existing customers. What is the operating cash flow trajectory we will get 
to in your opinion from the current Rs. 2,000 crore number that we add, 
can this be more like Rs. 4,000 crores if we were to go by the current 
plan?  
 
Management: 
Atul, tricky question because I don't think we can give a guidance  
 
Atul Mehra:  
No guidance. Just based on calculation.  
 
Management: 
I would say that analysts have presented to us that we are really best 
placed to give you this computation, but you would not be off the mark. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
I can say that you would not be off the mark of what their computations 
are showing. Would you like to tell us what you are estimating?  
 
Atul Mehra: 
Rs. 4,000 crores.   
 
Management: 
I think that is a healthy target and we will definitely try and beat it.  
 
Atul Mehra:  
Then secondly, in terms of like we are talking about retail expansion going 
forward and deployment of the free cash flow that we generate. If we 
were to look at some of the next in terms of cities next cities versus what 
we have, the top tier one cities in some sense, so is there in your opinion, 
a viable model to go to the next rung of cities, maybe with a more in terms 
of improvise retail square footage and any exploration on that side which 
can further expand our target market.  
 
Management: 
I think our strategy is clear of creating these experiential centers, which 
become attractive for a region. So, when you look at it, when you look at 
a what you call a Tier 2 city and we would call it a tier 1 opportunity like 
a Lucknow or an Indore, these malls are not just malls for those cities. We 
are seeing our customer base extending to 100 kilometers from that city, 
which goes into the smaller towns as well where there is significant 
amount of wealth. So, I would say a city like Coimbatore presents that 
kind of an opportunity, five or six major towns, which could become its 
feeder, which are its feeder markets even today. A city like Vizag is an 
interesting opportunity, Chandigarh has always remained an extremely 
exciting opportunity, Jaipur is another such city. So, these are the cities 
that we have previously identified during our interaction, and we 
continue to look at opportunities there as well.  
 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions from the 
participants, on behalf of The Phoenix Mills Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
line.  
  
 
