l.'II
20s November,2A23
IFB lndustries Limited
Coroorate Oflice
I
Plot No.-lND-5, Sector-1
East Calcutla Township,Kolkata-7O0 I 07
Telephone : (91) (33) 39849475/9524
Fax : (91) (33) 39849676
Web : www.ifbindustries.com
The Manager
Department of Corporate Services
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd,
Phiroze f eejeebhoy Towers
Dalal Street,
Mumbai-400001
The Manager
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor
PIot No-C/l., G Block
Bandra Kurla Complex
Mumbai-400051
The Secretary
The Calcutta Stock Exchange Association Ltd.
7 Lyons Range
Kolkata-700001
Dear Sir,
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended September 3A,2023 pursuant to
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations,
20ts.
Please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call for the quarter ended September 3A,2023 for
your information and records.
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at www.ifbinduStqi.gq.cg+r
Yours faithfully
For IFB Industries Ltd.
R trES H AG A RWA L 3:illj#,'ff iflJl'.',;ii:t1v*
Ritesh Agarwal
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer
Encl : As above
Regislered Ofiice 14 Taratolla Road, Kolkata - 700 088, lndia Tel (91) {33) 3048 92S9/9218, Fax (S1} (33) 24014579/304S9230
E-mail reply@ifbglobal com CIN 151109WB1974PLC029637

nilIl
"IFB Industries Limited Q2 FY-24 Earnings
Conference Call"
November 13, 2023
lndu*trles Limited
NIRMAL BANG
r$'lI
\*
ctoft
.d#Hw
,l r{rlit 
:i,r'r'!t: 
l},' til,!d 
frr()i trr:i
lndustries Limited
M^q.nacnMENT: Mn. Pnlnrn CuaTTERJEE - Drnncron & CFO,IFB
Innusrnrns Lrvrrrno
Mn. Ra.ISHANKAR Ray - MD & CEO (Honnn
Appr,raucn Drvrsrox), IFB INnusrRrES Lrvrrrnu
Mn. Anup Das - Hnao ManxnuNc (ENcTNEERTNG
DrvrsroN), IFB INnusrnrns Lrnnrrnn
Mn. AN.q.Nn Rrnnv - CEO (Moron DrvrsroN), IFB
Innusrnrns Lrvurno
Ms. NaTASHA JarN - Nrnvr^ql, B.q.Nc Egurrrns
PRrv^q.rn Lrvrrrno
Mounnq.ToR:
Page 1 of 17

IIilH
lndustries Limlted
Moderator:
Natasha Jain:
Probir Chatterjee:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q2 FY24 Eamings Conference Call of IFB
Industries Limited hosted by Nirmal Bang Equities Private Limited.
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing '*' then '0' on your touchtone phone.
Please note that this conference is being recorded.
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang Equities. Thank you and
over to you.
Thank you, Yashashri and good aftemoon, everyone. Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities
welcomes you all to the Second Quarter FY24 Results Conference Call of IFB Industries.
I would like to thank the management of IFB Industries for giving us an opportunity to host the
call. Management is represented by Mr. Prabir Chatterjee - Director and CFO, Mr. Rajshankar
Ray - MD and CEO Home Appliance Division, Mr. Arup Das - Head of Marketing, Engineering
Division and Mr. Anand Reddy - CEO of Motor Division.
I now handover the call to the management for opening remarks, post which we will take
questions from participants. Thank you and over to you sir.
Thank you Natasha. Good afternoon, everyone. I welcome you all for IFB Industries investors
call for the Second QuartetFY24. Joining with me today are Mr. Rajshankar Ray - MD and
CEO of Homer Appliance Division, Mr. Arup Das - Head of Marketing, Engineering Division
and Mr. Anand Reddy - CEO of Motor Division.
I will now start with the Result of this quarter:
During the quarter revenue was below our expectation and marginally was in the same quarter
last year. The company has reported a total income of 1074.12 crores compared to Rs. I 101.92
crores during the same quarter last year. During the second quarter EBITDA was Rs. 74.83
crores with a margin of 6.97"/o compared to Rs. 73.98 crores with 6.710/o for the same period last
year.
The margin was marginally higher than last year. Despite lower revenue, the gross margin
improved mainly because of the reduction of material cost but was partially offset by the higher
sales promotion, staff and our operating expenses. We have already initiated a number of cost
reduction actions to further reduce the other operating expenses to improve the margin. For the
first halfofthe year, the company has reported a total income of Rs. 2 I 36.97 crores of revenues
compared lo 2151.19 crores for the same period last year. EBITDA margin for the first half was
I 15.54 crores, 5.41% compared to 112.42 crores, 5.23%o of the same period last year. EBITDA
margin during the period was marginally higher compared to last year. The improvement in
Page2 of 17

bI
IF
lndustrles Lfmlted
Moderator:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
margin is mainly due to the reduction in material cost. During the current year company's net
cash position improved.
With this I will request you to start the question answer session please.
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first
question from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities.
We went through the presentation very detailed one and what you have highlighted probably the
cost savings that you would be doing during Q3 and Q4 on account ofRM benefits and probably
ifyou look at secondly on the fixed cost operating expenses. So, can you throw some light, when
we say about benefit of COGS of roughly around 44 Cr in Q4, so what do we refer here? Is it
basically from the lower RM prices or we are doing some value engineering? Can you throw
some light over here?
The estimate ofthe costreduction on the material cost side is based on three factors. One is of
course the lower commodity baselines. The second and the third are the consolidation in the
purchases where we had independent purchases from two different suppliers for washers and air
conditioners and we are combining those purchases. The third is the redesign including VAV.
So, the bulk of this estimate of 44 Cr benefit is from the second and the third which is related to
consolidation in purchases and VAV and redesign. About maybe 20"/oto 30%o will be a result of
the reductions in the commodities overall.
The reason why I asked this question was basically if you look at if competitive intensity moves
on the higher side, probably peer companies will also pass on the RM benefit. So that was the
key reason, just to understand where we would be saving on the gross margin side. Secondly if
you look at we have also highlighted about 8 crores of savings on monthly basis on the fixed
operating. Can you throw some light over here?
So, these are on 7 or 8 heads and these relate to areas ofnonproductive manning. They relate to
areas of freight, warehousing costs. They are in office expenses in terms of better organized
travel. They are in terms of the cost of-let us say these----e-waste related area where we're
having costs and we put a diflerent process in place in terms of realizing more from machines
that we scrap. So, there are about 8 or l0 heads on the fixed cost areas and the work that we are
doing on them, our committed target is to reduce 8 crores a month on that. This will be on the
same level of sales as last year base March.
So here we are not assuming any sales growth, just basis on the last year figure we are expecting
the savings.
Yes, that's right. The intemal brief is on the same base level as March. These savings have to be
made.
Rajshankar Ray:
Page 3 of 17

IIilH
lndustries Limited
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray
Manoj Gori:
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
Lastly on the demand side, so even in the festive season we have got a very mixed feedback.
During the discount period sales have been very robust. But during non-discounted have dipped
and accordingly probably the entire festive season might not be as healthy as industry was
expecting. Can you throw some light like what's happened in the washing machine category and
probably on the overall categories that you are present into?
So, I'll answer this with three points Manoj. The first is that your feedback is right. The sales
that happened during the events period ofe-commerce, I wouldn't call that a discount period but
they were an online event. Let me put it that way. The sales were actually very good. But post
that in terms of general sales over the last 3 weeks or if I can add up October-Novembertogether,
even though they have been better than the initial period of the end of Q I and Q2 middle, the
sales have still been subdued. It's not typically what you would expect in a season. So those are
the hrst two points. The third point is that, how we look at it intemally is that we still feel that
given the network that we have, we are not doing a good enoughjob as far as sales is concerned.
So, in terms of our performance on the AC category or what we can get out of washers given the
network and position we have, we still feel that we have a lot of headroom for growth but we're
not just doing simply a good job on the sales side as we should be doing. So, in terms of
restructuring the sales force, making the changes that are required, we think that on point three,
the plus side is much more than any market-related conditions on point one and point two. Have
I been able to explain this?
Yes. And so, all the efforts that we are taking for better extraction, probably by when should we
see this flowing into our revenues?
So, Manoj, our intemal commitment is that we have been doing this for about two-three qua(ers
now and in a much more intense manner over the last 3-4 months in terms of changes in the sales
team restructuring. There is a lot of effort we are making on the distribution network that we
have in terms of rationalizing distribution, changing distribution and also in terms of the large
account extractions etc. So, our intemal commitment is that we will finish whatever we have to
do by end ofthis quarter. So that starting the fourth quarter, ending this year and full benefit next
year, we need to complete whatever is on the agenda in terms of sales effectiveness.
One last question. If you look at in the refrigerator probably, we have highlighted in the profit
and loss from associates which was more than 7 crores. Can you throw some light like what
should be the normal steady run rate that we can expect here? So, in this quarter it was roughly
around 7.5-7.83. So, what should be the steady rate that we can expect over here?
I'll sort of give you a market view on this and then Mr. Chatterjee can sort of answer the financial
side of it. IFB Refrigeration Limited, the company is servicing some markets directly and IFB
Industries Limited is servicing some markets. Both combined, the estimate that there is that we
will reach sales of roughly about 50,000 a month from the Q4 in the first phase. And as far as
IFB Industries Limited is concerned, that figure will be in the range of 15,000 to 20,000
Page 4 of 17

IFII
lndustries l-imlted
Probir Chatterjee:
Moderator:
Nisarg Vakharia:
Rajshankar Ray:
Nisarg Vakharia:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
refrigerators a month. That you could call as a Phase l. As far as the commercials around this
are concerned, I would request Mr. Chatterjee ifyou could please answer that.
During this quarter, we sold around ll,4l9, revenue of 14.62. We made a PBIT of 0.94 crores.
And for IFBRL, I think they are revamping the products and other things. It will stabilize over
a period of the next 3 to 6 months.
We have our next question from the line of Nisarg Vakharia from NV Alpha Fund Management
LLP.
At the outset let me just say that, this is one of the best corporate governance standards that we
have seen across companies in the market on how firmly the company wants to walk the talk
and has given in extreme detail on the cost savings that the company will sort ofdo over the next
two-three quarters. Never seen such a guidance in any consumer company for that matter. I have
a slightly broader question, that we have had effective sales growth for the last 10 years but have
never focused on sustainable margins. Just want to understand the broader thought process on
why there is a certain emphasis on margins now and were there so many cost inefficiencies when
we have sort of drilled down into why we were not making margins? I hope I sort of expressed
my question clearly.
This is Rajshankar here. I will try and answer that. And then Mr. Chatterjee can also add. The
third quarter of FY202l was when we actually registered a very healthy financial performance.
Then from the fourth quarter of that year onwards when the material cost indices really went up
and we couldn't pass the input side increases onto the market side, since then actually the
financial performance was well below whatever we would have been happy with. Now given
the investments that we have made, for example in the air conditioner related area. IFB Industries
Limited, the investment it has made in.IFB Refrigeration the new company and also investments
that we are making in terms of a range overhaul on the washer side, the need for us to be
sustainable in terms of profit margins and the need to ensure that we get the market revenue
right. I will not say that we have not been doing this earlier but yes, definitely over the period of
the last two odd quarters the focus on getting the material cost profile to the best level possible
and getting the sales side right where we are actually quite unhappy with the kind ofrevenue
side that we have been registering for some time. The arnount ofdetailing focus, regularity of
internal reviews has definitely been much more before that. Have I been able to answer the
question that you asked?
Yes broadly, I was looking at your sales growth right from 2015-16. We have never delivered
more than 3.5oh-4o/o-5%o operating margin in any single year. And now within two quarters we
are sort of guiding towards almost 90/"-10%" sort of operating margins. So, I'm just trying to
understand how has this shift sort ofhappened ovemight? Of course, not taking away from the
fact that you have worked really hard in sort ofthese cost efficiencies.
Page 5 of '17

ITtt
lndustrles Linnited
Rajshankar Ray:
Nisarg Vakharia:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
I think when sometime around mid of last year when the material cost detailing had really
reached a mature level in terms of what is possible for us on the cost side, simply by
consolidating, resourcing, renegotiating that figure was a very large figure. So, we delivered part
last year which you can see in the gross margin improvement this year but there is still a (+50%)
to be delivered by the end of this year. And now that we've also detailed the fixed cost side which
definitely is something that we've done only over the last 3-4 months, getting our cost profile
right for the same level of sales is priority number one right now within the company.
Does this also mean that now going ahead, we will have base case high single digit EBITDA
margins and sustainable margins that we have guided for over the next two-three quarters as we
build on the organization in the future?
Rajshankar Ray:
Mr. Chatterjee would you like to answer that please?
Probir Chatterjee:
Depending upon the consistency on the revenue and our efforts that action that we have initiated
in terms of operating expenses and the material cost, we are expected to do well. And with the
increase in the revenue in all products, especially in the AC in the fourth quarter.
Nisarg Vakharia:
My last question on this is that have we employed some consultant to sort of work on these
efficiencies for us or have we done all these things internally?
Rajshankar Ray:
This is all done by intemal database.
Probir Chatterjee:
In-house.
Moderator:
Sumil Sethi:
Rajshankar Ray:
Sumil Sethi:
Rajshankar Ray
We have a next question from the line of Sumil Sethi from Sigular Guff India Advisors.
I have questions across three categories. One, I wanted to understand a few things on the gross
margin side. So, you mentioned that you are doing cost improvement to the extent of 12 crores
and 46 crores in the respective quarters. I just wanted to understand what's the base which we
are referring to while calculating these improvements? Is it on the expected sales that we are
about to do in Q3-Q4 or is it on the sales that happening over last year?
So, all the savings targets which are given here are on the base ofMarch '23. So, these are on
the same level of sales. Whatever is additional by higher sales is separate.
And these cost improvements will be largely from a particular product let's say EC or it's kind
ofblended across from appliances?
They are coming across all products.
Till last quarter you used to give a cumulative PBT loss for ACs. Any sense of what that number
is in this quarter?
Sumil Sethi:
Page 6 of 17

r$'Il
lndustrles Limlted
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
Probir Chatterjee:
Overall till this thing is around 45 crores during the first half.
Sumil Sethi:
Do we have numbers around what depreciation or interest cost we are looking to....?
Probir Chatterjee:
The interest for this thing is 5.51 crores for the quarter and depreciation is 6.75 crores for the
quarter.
Sumil Sethi:
This is as allocated to air mnditioner
Probir Chatterjee:
Only AC. Half year is I I crores is for the interest and the depreciation is 13.49 crores.
Sumil Sethi:
What I understand from the previous calls as well that we have been giving slightly higher sales
promotion for air conditioners versus the home appliances. Can I get a sense of what that
differential is? Is it a ll%-|2%oktnd of a differential or is it a 20"/n25%olcsnd of a differential?
Just an indicative range.
Rajshankar Ray:
So, in the first half of the year in terms of promotions, we invested behind two categories. One
was the air conditioner and the second was a new range offront loaders under umbrella platform
called Deep Clean that we had introduced. And in the first half in terms of what we've invested
in news print in digital etc., it is an incremental expense ofabout I I to 12 Cr for the year so far.
In terms of the results, we feel that in air conditioners we've still underperformed. So, the
investment hasn't really retumed results for the company so far. As far as the new front loader
platform under the umbrella Deep Clean, we feel that campaign or that investment has had an
impact in terms of the traction that we are seeing in September-October and November, and we
have to sustain that kind of growth that we are getting from this new platform.
Sumil Sethi:
And do you think we are getting good realization of our ACs on a market operating price vis-d-
vis competition or do you think there's still some gaps regarding that?
Rajshankar Ray:
So, we are more or less, the market is segmented in two sorts of categories. One could be the
entry or the lower level ofpricing which is operated by some players and the other is the set of
players who we benchmark which would be used our LG liking, so vis-d-vis them our price in
the market in terms of customer price is more or less benchmarked.
Sumil Sethi:
Just one last question. We witnessed a significant degrowth in our front loaders over Hl of last
year in sales terms, so some 6"/o-7%o of degrowth. I just wanted to understand, is this because of
a delay in the festive season by 2 or 3 weeks and consequently is the entire industry affected
here or are we losing market share in this category?
So, we have lost market share and we specifically lost market share in two places. One was that
the capacity segment of 9 and l0 kgs is a segment that has been expanding and that was a
segment till last year we had no representation in. And this year when we sort of introduced
models for the 9 and l0 kg segment and they have now ramped up to a volume of roughly about
Rajshankar Ray:
PageT of 17

IFII
lndustries Llmited
Sumil Sethi:
Bikram Nag:
IFB Industries Limited
November 13, 2023
12,000 14,000 in a month, our agenda is to take it to about 20,000 in a month and the segment
size right now is about 25,000 a month. We expect it to go to about 35,000-40,000 a month. So
that is one area we've lost share and till about September we have also lost share in the 8 kg
capacity in front loaders. That was because there was a price undercutting which was being done
from LG and Samsung. We have answered that now sort of in terms of rejigging the range and
ensuring that the price differential reduces. That segment we still have to regain the share. So,
the degrowth that we are having is because of loss of share in these two segments. Also, on the
overall point that I said in the beginning to Manoj, that in terms of sales effectiveness we are
quite unhappy with what we are delivering to the company as on date. So given the network we
have even though we may have issues on 9 and l0 kg, we should be doing far higher numbers
overall. That we have to complete within this fiscal year to work on that.
We're really impressed to see the improvement in margin in your engineering division and it
continues to put profitability on a quarter-on-quarter on an annual basis. Just wanted to
understand is this margin growth, is this margin profile stable for the quarters or years to come
or is there a onetime kind of an impact?
I will answer that. This is Bikram Nag here. I think the margin thing as far as the company is
concerned, we are very clear. As far as the engineering division goes, we should be operating at
a higher margin than whatever we have achieved in Q2. We are not happy with Q2 numbers.
The reason we are not happy with Q2 numbers you will see, there's hardly any growth in Q2.
And on the sales front, we have not done well at all and we have taken up this point. Margin
growth is one thing sales the growth is equally important. Anything sub 20%o, the board is not at
all happy with and the board is absolutely clear on this. We have spoken to the division and by
end of Q4 our numbers have to be in place. Getting those numbers in place on top line will
further expand bottom line. Ifyou see the stamping business, also our intemal target is to do
about 7.5 Cr or so a month and we have done like below that. We are not happy with that as
well. Engineering and Appliance division we are very clear, the board is clear, we need double
digit margin which means l07o at least we should hit and AC has to hit a certain number which
is 300,000 plus washing machines have to be at a certain number also which the board is clear
on which is about 65,000 per month. Top loader has to be at around 35,000-40,000 a month. Our
sales team is being rejigged in order to meet these immediate ambition goals. As I said last time
the sales team is being thoroughly rejigged and Mr. Ray is doing this state by state wherever
requirements are there. The states are being looked at district wise to see where are weak in a
district and changes are being made. We will do this meticulously in order to achieve our
ambition. These questions are coming up quarter after quarter. The fact that we not kept pace
with requirements is something that the management and I are not happy with and we will deliver
as per street expectations. That is what we need to do. I am also saying on this call now I'm in
Singapore because my father has been very unwell. He is in the hospital. I'm in the hospital here
now. So, at some time I may just log off. He has been in the hospital since the 23'd of July. So,
it's been a long time. He is in HDU, a high dependency ward. He is stable but his condition is
serious. Having said that the company has to perform, and nothing is stopping and whatever we
need to do in order to put margins and sales back on track we will do. Next question please.
Page I of 17

IIlIt
lndustries Limited
Moderator:
Vivek Kumar:
Rajshankar Ray:
I F B I n d u strie s Li ni ited
November 13, 2023
We have a next question from the line of Vivek Kumar from Bestpals Research and advisory
LLP.
My question is regarding the same thing that you've been repeating quarter after quarter, so
pardon me because the sales and the extraction from the channel is what you're using that you're
not able to get the sales. So, my doubt is that as the customer enters any big retail shop where
these are sold every category has a fixed number ofbrands. Like if you take AC or washing
machine or microwave or whatever you take 5 to 6 brands are there and retailer also beyond a
point will not just put your products just for the discount that you give because he has to have
the retail asset turnover for him that inventory tumover. So where are we lacking in the terms of
product wise? Because retailer can't definitely have 20 brands like which can happen in small
FMCG products. So definitely there is room for 5-6 products because ofthe space constraint and
all in every retailer, so how do you go and take space for yourselfwith such a huge competition
across categories? How are you thinking from a product perspective and ability to extract from
this channel, ability to convince the distributor that you really can generate sales for them? So,
what are the steps you're taking if you can go in more detail so that we can understand?
Rajshankar here, I'll try and answer this. As far as IFB is concemed you will see this action that
we have to complete in two parts. So as far as washers is concemed, we have the placements
and here it is not an issue of whether the channel will place us or not. We are placed and we need
to ensure extraction. This extraction has to be on two heads. One is this point about the capacity
segments that I just spoke about a little while back and the other has to be in terms of manning.
So, you spoke about this point of entering a counter. So, when you enter a counter there are
salespeople, who assist the customer to arrive at the decision. Our completing the manning gaps
we have in those counters where we don't have a person to meet and greet a customer has a direct
bearing on our market shares overall for that count. So as far as washers is concemed, we just
have to do a betterjob at ensuring that our manning is right and that we don't leave any gaps in
segments like it happened to us in the 9 and l0 kg. As far as ACs and refrigerators are concemed,
we think that the two will actually help the aspect of distribution. If we look at distributors that
we've had, largely the products on which they have had to have sustainable revenues have been
the washers and on-air conditioners where we have still to get a proper market presence. But
what is happening to the same distributors with the arrival of the refrigerators, is that the ability
to reach a dealer with a basket has actually improved. So, in terms of being a company that has
a product range basically across both washing, cooling and cooking segments, the range actually
with the investment the company has made is quite complete now. With this range our need to
finish action is that much more urgent. But it is also becoming easier because we are offering a
full basket to a dealer. Now we just have to complete the job. You're right that we have been
speaking about this for many quarters and we failed to actually deliver whatever we have been
discussing. But this is the main job to be completed and we have completely committed to this.
The range is actually going to help the sales team more than anything else.
Because my doubt is every category has occupied like let's take refrigeration. So, you will have
a limited space to put up 5 to 6 brands. How will we convince him? Because ultimately the
Vivek Kumar:
Page 9 of 17

ffn
lndustrles Llmlted
Rajshankar Rayl
Bikram Nag:
Vivek Kumar:
Rajshankar Ray:
Yes, absolutely right.
Bikram Nag:
Vivek Kumar:
Bikram Nag:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
customer decides what will move. Because beyond the point discounts will not help. Because
retailer will not put up just because you are giving more discounts, so how do you win that
customer? And is it just the very range of products that will help? Just placement is enough with
the distributor or something else to be done from the customer angle so that we start building a
brand and growing. So, I was not able to understand that.
It's a good question because that doubt is a correct doubt to have. Now if you see as far as
washers is concemed, the product and the position is accepted in the market. Like I said it's just
our efficiency on how much we can extract. The experience we've had with the refrigerator
introduction is that the product has been very well accepted and why somebody should buy an
IFB refrigerator vis-d-vis the three major brands. That argument is quite clear on the floor. This
point that you said about why IFB should be given space is a point that we are really having to
deal with as far as the air conditioners are concemed because the product at the end of the day
is like a box. Even ifyou have a very good air conditioner, people don't necessarily give you the
realization that you want and it's a problem that we faced right since the beginning. So, the
problem that we have to solve as well as why should I place IFB is true for air conditioners but
for the rest actually it is purely dependent on our efficiency at how much quickly we can move
into the market. So, what I was trying to explain to you is that the AC can actually ride on the
other products as well. That is the basic thing that we think is possible in the market.
No but this point is correct Mr. Ray. It also depends on how we are going to communicate and
educate the customer as to why they should buy either Ref or AC. That communication has to
be improved further.
I was asking because ultimately distributors will not keep products which don't move for
discounts and there's a limited space for every item.
Distributor will not keep product, so we have to improve on this part.
When will we see the results? When do you hope to see the real numbers flowing in terms of
sales across categories like ACs and refrigeration and also increasing our share in washer? How
many quarters or years do you think we will be able to see at least we are in the right direction?
I think we should be ready by February-March in totality because I think the sales rejig will be
done and we should be ready by then fully. We are on course. We actually believe that by-is it
January Mr. Ray that we should hit overall ref sales of around 40,000 to 50,000 a month?
Rajshankar Ray
Yes, January
Page 10 of 17

IlItt
lndustries Limlted
Bikram Nag:
Moderator:
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain
IFB Industries Limited
November 13, 2023
So, we'll have to see whether we are on course or not. As far as AC goes, we sincerely hope that
by January will stabilize at about 30,000. We are nowhere near that but by January we hope to
do it.
We have a next question from the line of Aviral Jain from Sigular Guff India Advisors
First ofall, there's been a lot ofdiscussion around revenue growth and what needs to be done.
At a fundamental level what is the share of the direct customer sales which are large format
stores versus a distributor to dealer driven sales? So, what's the current breakup like for the
company for appliances division as a whole? How is it different or similar in the AC segment?
So, the distribution that sales overall for the company as a whole is about 25yo.6yo increase
when we do well on air-conditioners and refrigerators because a lot ofthat sale is distribution
led. Ifyou look at the percentage ofconsumers directly you could look at the sales from our IFB
points which hover between l{%oto l5%o or you could look at the ecommerce sales which is also
essentially direct to consumers. That percentage depending on the month of the year varies
between l5o/o lo 20o/o. Is that the detail that you were looking for?
No, my question was more abou! there is a channel which is distributor led which goes to the
dealer and in tum so it's a two-tier distribution net there, where as you mentioned the distributor
once you have a bigger basket ofproduct the ACs and refrigerators could ride on washers as
well as on microwaves. But there are direct sales to large format stores where there is no
distributor where there is actually a fight for space which are direct customer sales from IFB
which in tum. So, it's a single-tier distribution structure. So, I'm not talking about e-commerce
or IFB points where there is no middleman so to say or intermediary but between a distributor
dealer at sales and direct customer to consumer sales. Customer I would mean as a chain.
So, ifyou look at multi-brand sales directly serviced by IFB which includes the large chains and
from our total sales we take out a distribution which is two tiers and IFB points and e-commerce.
Then roughly around 45olo to 50olo ofsales is what is going through the directly serviced brands.
The multi brand sales directly serviced which includes the chain counters and the large format
retail stores. From our total sales ifyou subtract distribution, IFB points and ecommerce then
roughly arowd 45o/o to 507o of sales is to this channel. This is direct from IFB to a retailer and
retailer to customer.
So, it's far more challenging for a newer product, our ACs or a refrigerator to create that space
and to create and manning is that more important in this channel? Is this the channel where we
are under indexed versus competition for ACs and the refrigerator is a new product as such. But
is there where Acs were sort of not performing to your plan?
Yes, you're absolutely right. For air conditioner specifically the market segment or the market
or the percentage ofthe market that this channel has versus what we are getting out of it, we are
severely under indexed.
Rajshankar Ray:
Page11of17

ITll
lndustrles Limited
IFB Industries Limited
November 13, 2023
Bikram Nag:
Also, I think Mr. A you could just talk to him that there are about 50 of these retailers and we've
now made a team to actually go out and target all of them. Out of 50, I think we've already got
through to 15 for AC and the balance is in. Can you just expand on that Mr. Ray?
Rajshankar Ray:
So we call them key accounts. These are accounts which have multiple counters and they could
be within the same state or across states. So, the identified number is 50. We've put a process
and a team in place to actually go and ensure that we get extraction. The discussion with them
is that look at IFB as a full basket player and like Mr. Nag just shared, we have sign offs with
about 15 ofthem done. And by end ofthis quarter, we would expect to be in at least 75o/n80"/o
ofthem with all the product categories.
Aviral Jain:
And how many counters do these 50 key accounts have?
Rajshankar Ray:
These 50 accounts are about 2,600 to 2,700 individual store counters across the country
Aviral Jain:
And would it be fair to say that, I am just trying to get that with ACs the presence is just say
20%6 or 30o/o and in the kind of quantities or stock weights that you would be happy with, till
now which is what you're changing.
Rajshankar Ray:
Can you just repeat that? I didn't understand it.
My question was out of these 2,600 individual touch points or counters; the AC penetration
would be 20%-30%owhile washer could be 80 9|o/o.Is that the kind of gap you are talking about
here?
Effective presence in AC right now would be only l0%o-l5o/opercent. And washers is yes, it is
75%i"-80"/".
But on the other direct to consumer channel which is IFB point, e-commerce you mentioned and
distributor led there the AC salience of sales is much better versus washers, fair to say?
The salience in an IFB point for ACs has improved since last year. In e-comm€rce till now we
have kept the ACs away from e-commerce. Our main concerns were on whether we'd be able to
control pricing. But the decision we've taken is that in this season we will be having an effective
presence of ACs on e-commerce. For ACs there is also a significant opportunity in terms of
direct sales which is in terms ofinstitutions, direct to customers, there are lots ofsales and service
channel partners that we can sell to. So, we've begun to put a team on this. We've had success
this year but the numbers are still very low. That is also a segment for air conditioners that has
to be expanded.
And this loss of market share which you mentioned on the washer side, that given IFB is the
market leader in front loaders that is what our primary research had suggested. That's temporary
in nature as in this is more indexed to primary but effectively there is no change in offtake
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
Page 12 of 17

ITH
lndurtrles Limited
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain
Rajshankar Ray
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Aviral Jain:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
percentage. Given the MOP, the market operating price for the end consumers or end purchasers
is still pretty much well indexed. I mean there could be higher channel promotion so to say which
is what led to some loss of sales in the first half, is my understanding correct?
No, so the loss in share came from product segment not represented which was the 9 and l0 kg
higher end segment. And in terms of 8 kgs we had a particular price position. But LG and
Samsung specifically undercut by a significant amount and that was effective price reduction for
consumers. That problem we have addressed last month by introducing a new product which is
appropriately priced. As far as IFB is concemed, there have been no reductions as far as the
market operating prices are concemed. That position we still held; we've not discounted.
If we talk to volume wise, the overall market would have probably still grown by l0% odd from
last year first half, value wise probably much more?
We don't have market figures per se but our understanding is as far as front loaders are
concemed, it is flat or slightly less this year so far.
And your first halfnumbers take into account the festive season delay by two weeks this year or
has it had any bearing on the reported numbers? If we were to take say primary till October end
or first two weeks of November, is the fall still as stark or has some bit of recovery in terms of
percentage decline in sales been addressed?
So, October plus November together will definitely be a recovery. But we have still two weeks
to go for November and normally post Diwali the channel replenishes etc. So, we will know by
end of November. But if we look at last year's base October plus November will definitely better.
My question was April to November this year versus April to November this year?
We'll have to wait for November to be able to answer that.
What you mentioned is you'll have to increase manning because obviously AC sales are only
10% ofthe counters as you mentioned. And one ofyour points offixed cost expense reduction
what you had mentioned was, you are also focusing on unproductive manning. While I
understand there is a big difference between productive and unproductive manning but how
much ofthis unproductive manning is constituted by sales staffnot being able to deliver the kind
of volume numbers that you would expect them to deliver on the counter? Is that a big number
because these are two counterintuitive points that you've laid out? You need manning to improve
sales and you need to cut manning to cut fixed costs.
So that's an interesting question and there are two parts to this. One is that there is one manning
which is the in-counter manning which is when you walk into a store as a consumer somebody
meets you and explains the product to you. We call them counter sales representatives and we
have gaps there. So, if you see in terms of these 2,600 key account counters that we were
Rajshankar Ray:
Page13of17

IIFII
lndustries Limited
Aviral Jain:
Rajshankar Ray:
Moderator:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
speaking about, currently we are only present with our representatives in about 75% ofthose
counters. So,25o/o counters is effectively empty because ifyou don't have someone present you
cannot sell. That is what happens on the shop floor. So, this manning is inherently a variable
manning. There is of course a salary. But the component is that if you do well you eam an
incentive, you sell more and you earn more. So we have only focused on making this manning
productive. There is no focus on reducing these numbers per se. In fact, this is an area that we
are investing in. As far as the other manning is concerned, which is the fixed manning in terms
of people in the plants, people in sales, in service and warehousing, in logistics. So, there we
think that there is definitely scope to reduce based on restructuring. So, for example, we would
have people in warehouses. But when we move to CNX arrangements, the cost becomes variable
and ifnegotiated well the costs actually reduce. So that is the agenda that is being pursued on
the manning side.
I understood it very clearly. One final question is, what you mentioned about-sorry we've
repeated this question many times-there's always been a big differential between the realized
gross margin on AC side versus appliances as a category ex of ACs. So how is that looking like?
I mean obviously we've given certain fixed or gross profit or material margin improvement
numbers which is 12 crores and 44 crores for the next two quarters. But is ACs coming in line
with the appliances in general or how do you at a steady state maybe two quarters from now or
four quarters from now once all the older inventories flushed out and you will have the ideal cost
structure from a sourcing efficiency or design perspective, what's the steady state gross margin
profile would look like? The biggest point that we are saying is there is no pricing action or
adverse pricing action in the market which the company will have to match.
If you look at the first phase, if I can use that word, when we have finished the material cost
reduction within the fourth quarter, the gross margins on the air conditioner will improve. But
they will still not be in line with the washer segment because the washers are also improving. So
as far as the company is concerned between the average gross margin ofthe company to the air
conditioner there will still be a gap. But this improvement in the air conditioner from where we
are today to what will be completed by Q4 will improve the overall profitability of the company
significantly. Now once we've completed that, essentially the largest job is in getting the sales
that we should get and this is an area that we've failed in for many quarters now. Even though
we have been intemally talking about it and it's also been something discussed quite frequently
in this investor call. We've just failed to deliver the results and we just have to go out and do it
and show that in Quarter 4. So, if we get the sales right, the figure that was mentioned a while
back was roughly to a level about 300,000 a year and the material cost works will be completed
within Q4. I think both put together will give the company level double digit margins that to be
accommodated to. I hope that answers your question.
We'll move on to the next question from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS.
My question is regarding; I want to know your thoughts about contract manufacturing that we
already have some contract manufacturing plans for our AC division. So, what about the rest of
Keshav Garg:
Page 14 of 17

ft'It
lndurtries l-lmited
Rajshankar Ray:
Keshav Garg:
Rajshankar Ray:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
the verticals? Can't we ramp up our capacity utilization by contract manufacturing and exports
so that our fixed costs can get distributed? That was the first question.
So it's a very correct point and as far as exports is concemed, we really didn't look at it the way
we should for quite some time. And two quarters back we put a formal structure in place and
specifically for the air conditioners and also the washers we are looking at opportunities for
export markets and there is a lot of work happening on that. We are setting targets which we will
also present to all ofyou from the next financial year onwards. As far as contract manufacturing
is concemed, we are still talking to the same set of players. There is a projection we have on the
air conditioners which will help in terms of capacity utilization. On washers we've really not
discussed this option in terms 0f contract manufacturing. It is being evaluated but we haven't
reached the conclusion as yet. With the new investments that we are making for the new
platforms for a product like top loaders for example there will be an opportunity for contract
manufacturing. But we have to still evaluate it intemally and conclude.
Secondly, I wanted to understand that why are we trying to get into modular kitchen which is
not even clocking sales of 5 crores? It is not enough to move the needle for the company as a
whole but it is diverting the management bandwidth and our time and effort. So instead, will it
not better to focus on the major categories like AC which can have a meaningful impact on the
company even if we succeed? Whereas modular kitchen even if we succeed how much on an
overall company basis will it move the needle for us?
It's a good point and the way we are thinking about it is that we have a lot at stake as far as the
IFB points are concerned because that is the only channel where we have a complete range
representation and there is a dedicated customer base we have and we have a need for them to
see IFB and all that it offers in an IFB point. And it's a segment on which we've been very serious
in terms of building a right retail presence. Now if you see the markets where we have the IFB
points with modular, it actually significantly increases the way you represent your products to
the consumer which is the modular kitchen itself and the products that go with the modular
kitchens, so kitchen appliances because when someone does modular kitchens, they change a lot
ofthe products in the kitchen. So, we think that the modular kitchen business actually has a great
impact on the overall IFB point presence and in the markets that we are in it also contributes to
the profitability ofthe various state level branches that we have. Because even though volumes
may be small but realizations are high and it is very helpful to the gross margins. The point about
it not having a significant impact on the company overall is a conect point. It may not be the
case today but in future definitely this can be a segment which can grow quite significantly.
That's why we are still committed to it.
And lastly all said and done sir your aspiration about reaching l0% margins of the home
appliances business, by when do you foresee us reaching there? There must be some timeline in
your mind that maybe in the first halfofnext financial year or second halfofnext financial year.
Keshav Garg
Page 15 of 17

IIFII
lndLlstrles Limited
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
Rajshankar Ray
Our intemal commitments which we've given, like it was discussed just a little while back on
the call, is to finish whatever work we have to do for these sustainable margins within Q4. So,
our intemal commitment is to be able to show these sorts of sustainable margins when the new
fiscal year starts.
Moderator:
We have a next question from the line of Sumil Sethi from Sigular Guff India Advisors.
Sumil Sethi:
Just a follow up question on contract manufacfuring of air conditions. Can you throw some light
on what percentage ofAC revenues are from contract manufacturing ofACs versus our own
brands?
Rajshankar Ray:
Mr. Chatterjee would you like to answer that?
Probir Chatterjee:
Sorry I couldn't follow the question. Can you repeat?
Sumil Sethi:
What percentage ofour AC revenues are from contract manufacturing versus our own brands?
Probir Chatterjee:
It is now 25V" as of now up to first half.
Sumil Sethi:
And this is for the first half.
Probir Chatterjee:
Yes.
Sumil Sethi:
And what kind of the volume split between the book?
Probir Chatterjee:
Total we have done around 105.349
Sumil Sethi:
Just one question on refrigerators. Last time you mentioned that since the refrigerators are being
manufactured by the associate company IFB Refrigeration Limited, you are sort of finalizing the
terms of transfer pricing arrangements with them now, that the commercial production has
started to happen. I think there are roughly 20 crores of sales of refrigerators sitting in IFB
Industries book. I just wanted to get a sense of what the commercial terms are with regard to
transfer pricing arrangement with IFB Refrigeration Limited?
Probir Chatterjee: 
So that is all done on am's length basis as per norrns. I don't think there is any issue there.
Sumil Sethi:
And are we making a similar kind of a gross margin on refrigerators compared to otherws
Rajshankar Ray:
Refrigerator margin will be higher than ACs.
Moderator:
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to
the management for closing comments. Over to you.
Thank you everybody for joining the call today
Probir Chatterjee:
Page 16 of 17

r$$
lndustrles Llmlted
Moderator:
IFB lndustries Limited
November 13, 2023
Thank you, On behalfofNirmal Bang Equities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines.
Page 17 of 17
