ELDECO 
Date: 16.11.2023 
Department of Corporate Services 
The Manager, Listing Department 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Exchange Plaza, 5" Floor, C- 1, 
Dalal Street, 
Block G, Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai-400001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400051 
BSE Scrip Code-523329 
NSE Symbol- ELDEHSG 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on Wednesday, November 08, 2023 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
This is with reference to the intimation dated November 1, 2023 made by the Company about the 
Earnings Conference Call scheduled for Wednesday, November 8, 2023 at 1.00 p.m. IST. A copy of 
Transcript of the conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed herewith. 
The 
aforesaid 
Transcript 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.eldecogroup.com 
You are requested to take the above information on record. 
Thanking you, 
For Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited 
Chandni Vij 
Company Secretary 
Mem. No. 
: A46897 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Ltd. 
  
Regd. & Corp. Off. 
: Eldeco Corporate Chamber-1, 2nd Floor, Vibhuti Knand (Opp. Mandi Parishad), Gomti Nagar, Lucknow-226010 
Tel.: 0522-4039999, Fax: 0522-4039900 E-mail: eldeco@eldecohousing.co.in Website: www.eldecogroup.com 
CIN 
: L45202UP1985PLC099376
CHANDNI 
VIJ
Digitally signed by CHANDNI VIJ 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9649, 
pseudonym=4ce0ea6706814cf99e394272ca0a6109, 
2.5.4.20=91093c0d6ba1af4bc385ea8be4df8a68827
74b6d7f78217bf4b3eba276a070dd, 
postalCode=226016, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=74f0f260c4860dd16088d4c1b5f8fea
53325d3e968e31189a9c9e1c63ab7bc32, 
cn=CHANDNI VIJ 
Date: 2023.11.16 13:33:44 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited Q2 FY-24 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. PANKAJ BAJAJ – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
MR. MANISH JAISWAL – GROUP COO 
 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – GROUP PRESIDENT ACCOUNTS AND TAXATION 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited Q2 
and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Bhatt from EY Investor Relations. Thank you 
and over to you sir. 
Abhishek Bhatt: 
Thank you. Thank you and good afternoon everyone for joining us on the call. 
Before we proceed to the call, let me remind you that today’s discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. 
It must be viewed in conjunction with the business risks that could cause future results, 
performance or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed and implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Please note, the results and presentation are available on the 
exchanges and on our Company’s website. Should you need any assistance to receive them you 
can write to us and we will be happy to send them over.  
Today we have on the call, senior management of Eldeco Housing and Industries Limited which 
is represented by Mr. Pankaj Bajaj – Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Manish Jaiswal – 
Group COO, Mr. Sanjay Agarwal – Group President Accounts and Taxation. We will begin with 
the highlights of the quarter followed by a Q&A. 
Now, I would like to hand over the call to Mr. Manish Jaiswal for his opening remarks. Over to 
you sir. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Thank you Abhishek. Good afternoon everyone. I am Manish Jaiswal. Thank you for joining us 
today on the Earnings Call to discuss our Company’s performance during the 2nd Quarter and 
Half Year of Fiscal Year 2024. I am pleased to report that our Company has continued to 
maintain a steady performance during this period. There have been several key factors 
contributing to this success. 
Let me begin with a few comments on real estate market after which I’ll discuss operational and 
financial results for the 2nd Quarter ended September 2033.  
The real estate market in Lucknow is on an upward trajectory witnessing a consistent rise in 
demand for both residential and commercial properties. This growth is largely attributed to the 
city’s ongoing infrastructure enhancements and improved connectivity and at Eldeco we remain 
aligned with this trend by strategically increasing our supply in this market to continuously meet 
the rising demand.  
Moving on to the operational highlights of the Company: 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
It was a relatively quiet quarter for us. Speaking based on the accounts reporting. As no new 
projects were input, however sales bookings of Latitude 27 which was introduced in late Q1 
FY24 gained significant momentum during Q2 FY24. Based on the allotments done, we 
achieved a modest year-on-year growth of 6.5% in bookings reaching the sales booking value 
of 24.7 crores. The total collections in Q2 FY24 amounted to Rs.28.6 crores during the same 
period, we successfully delivered around 38,000 square feet worth of area that is around 30 
homes to our delighted customers by giving registries to them.  
Turning our attention to our new launches: 
In Latitude 27, which is our most recent launch. We have already allotted 41 units till September 
2023. And based on the pre commitment we have already received on the sales side the project 
is expected to boost both the sales booking and collection numbers significantly in Q2 of FY24. 
Furthermore, as part of our efforts to strengthen our supply, we are now gearing up for the highly 
anticipated launch of Imperia Phase-2, for which the layout was approved in September 2023. 
And RERA is expected to be received within the next couple of weeks. This is going to be our 
most significant project this year with the sale area of approximately 6.3 lakh square feet spread 
across 28 acres. Additionally, we are in the process of RERA registration for our luxury high 
rise project Eldeco Trinity on Shaheed Path, for which the layout was also approved in 
September 2003. We are in the process of applying for RERA for the same. Both projects are 
set to augment our portfolio by approximately 11 lakh square feet worth of saleable area within 
this project.  
In parallel our commitment to expanding our land holdings has yielded results. With successful 
acquisition of 18.1 acres of land that we have acquired between July 2023, August 2023. This 
achievement is part of our ongoing land aggregation strategy, we plan to continue expanding our 
land portfolio in the coming months as well. In the Q2 FY24 we secured substantial funding of 
round 160 crores from two separate lenders Piramal and ICICI Bank. Out of which around 80 
crores has already been allocated and effectively deployed to support development initiatives in 
the Company. We are confident that that combination of existing inventory and substantial 
number of upcoming launches that we have in pipeline would be instrumental in achieving our 
supply building objectives. While H1 FY24 may have been subdued, we anticipate a more 
promising outlook for the Company in H2 of current financial year. As we are near the festive 
season, we want to assure you that we are fully prepared to meet the increased market demand 
thanks to the success of our recent launch of Latitude 27 and pipeline of new projects in the 
name of Imperia Phase-2 and Eldeco Trinity. The demand for high quality real estate continues 
to be strong in Lucknow and we are strategically positioned to continuously seize this promising 
opportunity.  
Moving on to our Q2 and H1 FY24 financial performance. The consolidated revenue from 
operations was 17.1 crore in Q2 FY24 compared to 32.9 crores in Q2 FY23. During H1 FY24 
the revenue stood at around 41.9 crores compared to 60.5 crores in H1 FY23. The consolidated 
EBITDA was at 7.4 crores in Q2 FY24 compared to 9.6 crores in Q2 FY23. EBITDA margin 
remain high as 43.6% in Q2 FY24 compared to 29.1% in Q2 FY23. The H1 FY24 EBITDA was 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
at 15.2 crores compared to 20.9 crores in H1 FY23. The EBITDA margins for H1 FY24 stood 
at 36.4% compared to 34.5% in H1 FY23. The Company’s consolidated profit after tax stood at 
Rs.6.4 crores in Q2 FY24 as compared to Rs.88.9 crores in Q2 FY23. During H1 FY24 the TAT 
was at 14 crores versus 19 crores in H1 FY23. With this, I would like to open the floor for 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Mr. Kunal Tokas from Fair Value Capital. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tokas: 
And my first question was about the number of subsidiaries that we have. So, according to the 
FY23 annual report we had 40 subsidiaries and we had incorporated six more in FY23. So, I 
wanted to know the reason for having so many subsidiaries and why we cannot have a more 
leaner, more simpler structure, that was my first question. 
Kunal Tokas: 
All Right. My second question was related, so in FY23 also we had given a loan of, we had 
outstanding loan of around 41 crore to Eldeco Infrastructure and properties and we had given a 
further loan of 5.5 crore. I wanted to understand the nature of the outstanding and by when can 
you expect the recovery of the loan and we also had total advances to subsidiaries to the tune of 
around 98.6 crore. So, I wanted to understand the reason for that. My third question was that, 
we have acquired land parcels in cities like Gurugram, Sonipat, Ludhiana, Greater Noida. So, 
can you help me understand what the approximate land area that we have now and when can we 
expect to start commissioning the projects on these land parcels and also like what your vision 
is for the next three to five years, what kind of revenues are you expecting from your new 
projects like Trinity, Latitude 27, Imperia and how much can they contribute to our total 
revenues in the next three to five years. Those are my questions. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
All Right. So, I’ll start from the first question, which is basically on the number of subsidiaries 
that we have in our organization. So, there are a couple of reasons why we need to have multiple 
subsidiaries while operating in our business. When we do land acquisition, there’s an 
aggregation, there is a Land Ceiling Act, which we have to respect based on which there’s a 
limit to certain acres of land that we can acquire in one subsidiary and when we are doing a big 
township acquisition, it is very regular for any developer or any land aggregator to basically 
acquire the bigger land parcel in multiple subsidiaries or SPVs. So, that they do not circumvent 
the law. And second point related to the same question is, it is also prudent practice to basically 
have new projects in new subsidiaries this practice has lately evolved after a lot of new 
compliance requirements that came into the industry like RERA compliance, et cetera. So, that 
allows one project to relatively freely operate in one SPV or a separate SPV in which the project 
is there by effectively avoiding the cross liabilities that can come up due to customer issues or 
due to approval issues that may impact one specific project in the overall Company. Does that 
answer your first question?  
Kunal Tokas: 
Yes, sir that does. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Your second question is regarding the loan that has been given to EIPL. Well, that loan has 
actually been given under a commercial understanding, it’s a very protected commercial 
understanding, and we have already shared the details of that with the analyst, with the investors 
in these calls that we’ve been having previous year also. In the presentation that we submit in 
the Stock Exchange. So, this basically is the investment that allows EHIL to basically explore a 
market other than Lucknow in a protected manner. In which the minimum guaranteed return to 
EHIL is protected, while figuring out if this experiment of going out of Lucknow will be 
successful or not, this has done very well. So, that money is basically I would say it’s the assured 
guaranteed return or the 50% beneficial interest in the Bareilly project, whatever is higher is the 
return and gets paid back to EHIL. I believe that, Bareilly project, next year should be the time 
when we should be in a position to apply for OC in the Bareilly project, post which the 
distribution would happen in this particular project and this investment would be repaid back 
accordingly.  
Kunal Tokas:  
This was in regard to the 41 crore loan outstanding to Eldeco Infra right? 
Manish Jaiswal:  
Right. Third question is related to the advances to the subsidiary. So, when the recent 
acquisitions were done in last quarter we did 18 acres worth of acquisition we spent around 80, 
85 crore in land acquisition in the last quarter. So, typically when this acquisition is done, the 
acquisition is done in the subsidiary, but usually capital resides in EHIL, which is why these 
advances are shown to various subsidiaries and most of this money is basically utilized for land 
acquisition in the subsidiaries. Fourth question is related to the project that the group has recently 
acquired in various markets like Gurgaon, Sonipat, Ludhiana other than Lucknow. So, as you 
would be aware that EHIL is a listed entity which is focused on the Lucknow market and the 
group has another entity which is unlisted, which is operating in all other markets other than 
Lucknow. So, these projects have been acquired in the unlisted entity. Fifth question, related to 
the guidance for next three to five years. So, typically as a policy we do not provide future 
guidance, but based on the information that we have already disclosed today- this year we are 
hoping to more than double our sales bookings that we did last year, Last year it was around 100 
crore and a year before that it was around 250 crores or so, this year we are hoping that the 
number should be double of last year, maybe more than that. The inventory that we’ll be 
releasing, other than what we have already released is basically these two projects Imperia 
Phase-2 and Eldeco Trinity, between the two we have 11 lakh square feet of inventory that is 
getting released. While I would not like to disclose the actual pricing at this point at which we 
will be releasing this inventory in the market. But even if you do a quick calculation based on 
average realization that we have achieved in last quarter, which is 4600 or so, and multiply that 
by 11 lakh square feet, the number would be somewhere around 500 crore in that range or so. 
So, with that  plus whatever we have sold already up till now in this year, including in the recent 
launch of Latitude 27, all of these projects should get delivered in next three to four years and 
their revenue should get recognized in the books accordingly post-delivery, Next year we would 
also be in a position where Twin Tower and Imperia Phase-1 would be delivered, there 
completion would be received. And those projects should also be in a position to get recognized 
in the books of accounts. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from line of Ms. Monika Arora. Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora: 
My first question is, what is the average realization of the new project, like Imperia 2 and Trinity. 
My second question would be any guidance on what would be the incremental collections in the 
next two years. And also, if you could just give me the numbers have been a little bit muted into 
this quarter. So, how do you look forward towards FY25? Those are few questions. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Thanks for these questions, Monika. So, I’ll start from the last question. As far as the financial 
numbers during these quarter, these numbers reflect the period performance of the projects 
which were launched three, four years back which got delivered within say last H1 and on which 
the units are getting registered in favor of customers now. So, the accounting performance is 
basically the reflection of the actual registries that we do in favor of customers and the real 
indicator of our current latest performance or current period performance would be, the land that 
we have acquired last quarter or the new approvals that we have received in the last quarter, the 
project launches that have been lined up, that will come up in coming months. The new fundraise 
that we had done, and also the performance that we have achieved on the sales bookings of 
recent launch Latitude 27. So, on those parameters, numbers are extremely robust. But as far as 
the financial accounting numbers are concerned, it’s how the policy of revenue recognition is 
there in the real estate and based on which those numbers reflect the period performance of the 
organization, i.e. operating performance of the organization three, four years back. Does that 
answer your last question? 
Monika Arora: 
Thank you so much sir. And this was really detailed, thanks.  
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, other two questions are basically kind of related to the future guidance, which I just answered 
to Kunal also. So, as I said, we typically do not give future guidance, but based on what we have 
already disclosed in the market, 11 lakh square feet is getting released between Eldeco Trinity 
and Imperia 2. Imperia the last sales that has been done in that project was at around Rs.4000, 
Rs.4200 per square feet, we are yet to come out with the pricing for Imperia Phase-2, 6.3 lakh 
square feet, but I would assume that it would be in the similar range of 4000 to 4500. As far as 
Trinity is concerned, it’s luxury project high rise, it’s located at Shaheed Path, which is one of 
the most prominent luxury locations right now in Lucknow and it has got phenomenal views of 
the rivers and the greens in front of it. So, we believe that the pricing of that could be anywhere 
between 6500 to 7500 very easily, if not more. But the actual pricing would only come out when 
we are closer to launch and when we release the inventory in the market.  
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Nitin Deveriya from Prithvi Finmart. 
Please go ahead. 
Nitin Deveriya: 
So, we are relatively new to the Company. So, just on a macro point, I want to understand this, 
since we are focused on Lucknow market and we see the development going on there. So, from 
a sales perspective, I just wanted to understand like what is the purchase pattern over there, the 
housing demand that we are seeing is it coming from the locals moving into apartments or can 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
we see it as a migration demand that Lucknow is facing, essentially we are concentrated in one 
city just wanted to get an understanding on that? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, Lucknow, as city it has very interesting dynamics it’s a capital city, it’s a seat of government 
for UP government, it is where the headquarters of all UP government organizations are located. 
Any private organization has to open up let’s say a headquarters for UP which is the biggest 
state by population in the country, they will open up that headquarters in Lucknow. Within UP 
also there is lot of migration that keeps on happening. Sometimes it is transient migration, 
sometimes it is permanent migration from various cities of UP to Lucknow because Lucknow 
has great social infrastructure, it has got great schools,  very well-known schools. It has got 
Medanta, which is very well known hospital and it has got multiple big malls. The road 
infrastructure, is very good, the facilities are immense. So, a lot of people within UP also 
sometimes they either shift or they plan that post retirement they may consider to shift to 
Lucknow so, a lot of those buyers also keep buying from outside. As far as the preference to 
asset class is concerned I would say we have seen equally good demand coming both from 
apartments as well as some independent housing units. Lately, in the city centered locations like 
Gomti Nagar, Shaheed Path it’s next to impossible to basically come out with new township 
land and most of the projects which are getting launched over there because of paucity of land 
are group housing projects. So, in those locations, whatever new absorption that happens, it 
typically happens in group housing projects only. But in outskirts of the Lucknow city, it is still 
relatively easy to acquire large land parcels and do township projects which allows an 
opportunity for lot of buyers to purchase the villas or plots, et cetera also. 
Nitin Deveriya: 
Understood sir, that was really detailed. Sir, just wanted to understand one more thing, are we 
looking at other markets other than Lucknow in the vicinity or for the next three years maybe 
we just focus on Lucknow as a market? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
The primary focus still remains Lucknow, but as I said, we tried our hand by evaluating the 
opportunity in Bareilly and that experiment turned out decently well and with that, emboldened 
by that success, we are kind of open to look at some more opportunities also which are in cities 
closer to Lucknow and which can easily be managed by our team which is stationed in Lucknow 
only. 
Nitin Deveriya: 
Understood. So, my second question is, it was just more on a clarification side. Sir you 
mentioned that there is one unlisted entity of Eldeco, is the one acquiring land parcels in other 
than Lucknow market. So, is there a sort of understanding between the two like you are only 
focused on Lucknow and residential would not be taken up by in Lucknow won’t be taken up 
by the other unlisted entity, how does it go, do we have sort of understanding? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Yes, so because of legacy reasons, that’s how the structure is that this kind of exclusivity that 
the listed entity drives by operating in the Lucknow market in which unlisted entity doesn’t enter 
and unlisted entity has been operating in these multiple markets other than Lucknow for quite 
some time. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Nitin Deveriya: 
So, in this H1 we purchased approximately 20.6 acre land as we have mentioned in the 
presentation. Sir what is the idea behind it like what projects are we planning and when do we 
plan that? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
See out of this 20 acres, 3.2 -  3.5 acres is the land on which we are launching Eldeco Trinity on 
Shaheed Path it’s around five lakh square feet luxury group housing. Other than that, rest of the 
land is basically still in aggregation mode, we are still acquiring more land parcels in these 
locations in which the balance 17, 18 acre land was acquired. And to ensure that the aggregation 
process does not get disturbed, We typically do not disclose the location of the aggregation 
projects till they are fully acquired and applied for approval.  
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Rishikesh from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Rishikesh: 
Sir firstly if you could touch upon the deliveries, how much deliveries are we looking to do in 
H2, and going ahead in FY25? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, as far as deliveries is concerned, we are very close to delivering Imperia Phase-2 and Twin 
Tower, we are hoping to apply for their completion certificate either in Q4 or in early next 
financial year. And other than that, recently we have got completion for Regalia Arcade, we 
have got completion for Uday Joy. And East End, like those projects. Does that answer your 
question? 
Rishikesh: 
So, basically just wanted to get a sense on the reported revenues. On the reported revenues basis 
we had done maybe around 17 crores this quarter. And we have been in this range of 30 crores, 
40 crores kind of range. So, what exactly can we do on the reporting basis if you could guide on 
that for this H2 and for next year FY25? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, reporting revenue is basically based on as I said, the registries that we have done in the last 
quarter for the projects on which we have already received the completion certificate. But these 
projects were launched three or four years back and they took three to four years for development 
post which the completion was received, post with the registry happened. So, the indicative of a 
period performance, the operating performance that happened three, four years back. But, as we 
move forward, the project that we launched in FY22, FY23 those projects now would be getting 
delivered next year. And a year after that, the project that we launched this year would hopefully 
get delivered in three to four years’ time. So, those projects would come into the recognized 
revenue category as they get delivered and we do registries on those projects in favor of 
customers. in the last quarter of this year or maybe early next year we should be in a position 
where Twin Tower and Imperia Phase-1 should be completed. Imperia 2 and let’s say Latitude, 
which we have recently launched it should be getting completed in next four years’ time frame 
from now. Imperia 2 should be delivered hopefully in the next three years timeframe from now 
because it is a horizontal development project, it’s not a high rise. Trinity again, should take four 
to five years to deliver project the high rise. So, as these projects get delivered and the top line 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
number for these projects are relatively large as compared to the projects that we have done 
historically. So, they should reflect in the recognized revenue numbers. 
Rishikesh: 
Okay, got it. And also, the two projects that we are launching Trinity and Phase-2, by when are 
we looking to launch, which quarter? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Imperia 2, we got layout sanction in September, we applied for RERA immediately and we 
should be RERA within this month itself for Imperia Phase-2. Post which we should be in 
position to launch. So, either this quarter as an ongoing quarter or next quarter, which is Q4 is 
when Imperia 2 has a good visibility. And as far as Trinity is concerned, although we got the 
approval layout sanction in September, there were certain more formalities that were needed to 
be done before applying for RERA. So, we should be able to apply for RERA within the next 
week, 10 days and hopefully get RERA by December end or January. So, that should also be 
hopefully launched within Q4. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line Samyak Sapre from Wealth Tree Capital. Please 
go ahead.  
Samyak Sapre: 
I have a couple of questions. So, this is, do we plan any strategic tie ups that any partner for 
accelerating our growth in Lucknow market that is my first one. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, to answer this basically, as part of our land acquisition and BD strategy we always remain 
open to not just the outright acquisition, but also joined development, partnership deals. So, if 
we get any such good opportunity, yes, we are open to tie up with the existing land partner. As 
long as the numbers make sense, we do not foresee much partnership risk, And we can move on 
that front as well. The recent fundraise that we have done is also reflective of the funding 
partnership that we did with both ICICI Bank and Piramal. 
Samyak Sapre: 
Okay. So, any visibility of land parcels that we plan to acquire in coming H2? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Yes, the land acquisition process that we have is ongoing, and we are hoping to acquire some 
more land in H2 as well. 
Samyak Sapre: 
Okay. And just a continuation of the previous question, how do we plan to utilize the funds to 
simply 160 crores and would there be a need of any fresh debt as we see a good opportunity in 
Lucknow and other cities? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, thankfully we have a good headroom in our balance sheet and if need be we can take more 
debt to acquire more land parcels. As of now the acquisition that is happening for that the funding 
is available. But if there is any other good opportunity that comes up and land acquisition 
sometimes is also very opportunistic, while we keep looking for land as a funnel and we keep 
evaluating various opportunities and whenever we find a good opportunity which is kind of 
complying with all the criteria, positive criteria that we have, on counterparty, on location, on 
IRR, on returns, approval risk, aggregation risk, et cetera. We take a plunge on that particular 
opportunity. So, that process of search for right opportunity that keeps on going on and typically 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
in BD the funneling process essentially means that we look at 50 deals before zeroing on one or 
two deals in that pipeline or funnel of FTE, which are making sense on all fronts. So, if we get 
such opportunity, yes we are open to take more debt. But as of now, whatever acquisition is 
going on, whatever acquisition is currently planned for H2, for that we have enough dry powder 
in our bank account, so we don’t need to.  
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from CCIPL. Please go 
ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
So, the pipeline for a future project says three years or four years down the line is quite healthy 
for the future. But in terms of reporting revenues this was one of our weakest quarters say in the 
last three, four years. So, for FY24 or FY25 or even till FY26, should we before the three years 
after we start new projects would probably be delivered. Before that, should we expect revenue’s 
to be muted and in line with what we saw this quarter? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Well, as I’ve explained that the reported numbers, specifically on the revenue side, are basically 
reflective of the performance that was operating performance of three, four years back. The 
project that are getting registered this quarter is reflective of those numbers which were launched 
three, four years back so on that front it would be not prudent to make any comment because it’s 
how the projects are getting delivered and registries are happening in favor of customers. But as 
far as operating performance is concerned, as you rightly mentioned, and we have already 
discussed also, there are fairly strong reporting numbers both on new acquisition, fund raising, 
new credit pipeline, et cetera.  
Gunit Singh: 
Sir, got your point, but firstly for the coming year FY25, FY26 in terms of past performance of 
the Company as well, should we expect the numbers to be muted like the quarter that we saw or 
like you mentioned earlier that Twin Tower and Imperia Phase 1 should start getting delivered 
in FY25. So, directionally do we expect the numbers to be muted for FY5, FY26 reported 
numbers or do we expect some growth over say FY23 numbers, directionally I want to 
understand, because I understood the point that say FY27 onwards we have healthy deliveries. 
But looking at the reported numbers as well, in terms of being a part of the investor community, 
I would like to understand, how the reporting numbers might shave directionally for FY25, FY26 
as well, should we expect them at least to maintain our FY23 levels or how should we look at 
it?  
Manish Jaiswal: 
Well, we do not have a policy of making future guidance in these calls. But between Twin Tower 
and Imperia Phase 1, there is enough top line numbers, the booking numbers, which have already 
been achieved, which can allow us to basically show more strength on the reported revenue 
numbers than what you have seen in this quarter.  
Gunit Singh: 
Alright sir got it. So, both of these would be delivered in FY24 right? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, both of these or one of these, it has to be either Q4 of this financial year or Q1 of FY25. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Gunit Singh: 
All right sir got it. And apart from these two, do we have any other major projects which would 
be delivered say in FY25 or FY26? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
I am not able to reach Kapil but see Regalia Arcade, Uday Joy, East End, Shaurya Arcade, there 
are some more inventory in Regalia City, Saubhagyam which should also get reflected in the 
FY24. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. The next participant question is from the line of Karan Premchand Gupta 
from CAVI Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Premchand Gupta: I wanted to get your some commentary on what your expectations were for the Eldeco Latitude 
bookings for this quarter. I understand that this project was launched in July. So, you had 
practically the entire quarter for bookings and whether it was up to expectations and how things 
are going in the current quarter with the festive season and obviously a high sales season. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, we have already allotted around 50% of sales that has already been done in Latitude which 
is around 40, 41 units or so, and based on the pre commitments which are yet to be allotted, I 
would say that the project has performed fairly well. And it should contribute more significantly 
to the booking numbers and the collection also in H2, which is then lot of the pre commitments 
that we have received that we have not allotted till H1, those should get allotted and should be 
reflected in the booking numbers. 
Karan Premchand Gupta: Okay. So, currently out of the total saleable area of about five lakh square feet, how much is 
available for sale? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Well, we have opened so there are around five towers. So, broadly speaking a lakh each, a lakh 
square feet each. We open two towers to start with, which is two lakh square feet. And recently, 
we are working towards opening the third tower this festive season for the sales.  
Karan Premchand Gupta: And the area that was allotted to the partner about 45,000 square feet so that is out of the two 
towers that were already opened or is that across the entire project? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, can you please repeat it? 
Karan Premchand Gupta: So, in your presentation for Latitude 27 there’s a line item that says area allotted to partner which 
is about 44,200 square feet. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
That is part of the towers which are already open for sales.  
Karan Premchand Gupta: And these two towers that were opened, how many units are there in total?  
Manish Jaiswal: 
Well, I don’t have exact numbers, but I would think broadly speaking, two lakh square feet and 
in terms of numbers, say average would be 17 and 1800 square feet. So, around 120 or so, 125 
something like that. 

 
Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited 
November 08, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Karan Premchand Gupta: And even during the last call Mr. Bajaj have been given a guidance, and you also spoke about 
basically doubling your booking this year compared to last year, so roughly around 200 to 220 
crores, out of that how much have you earmarked for Imperia Phase-2 and Trinity? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
I would think between Imperia Phase-2 and Trinity around 50%, 60% of that number would be 
there. 
Karan Premchand Gupta: And just one last question. So, based on current construction cost and your realizations what 
kind of EBITDA margin, should one expect the next two, three years once these projects actually 
get on your books? 
Manish Jaiswal: 
So, the question is whether the kind of EBITDA margins that we have been achieving up till 
now is that sustainable or not. The EBITDA margins that we are achieving up till now to answer 
this kind of very high, probably they are the highest in the industry, typically in real estate sector, 
these high EBITDA margins are not there. And the primary reason for that is, a lot of these 
projects which are getting recognized in the revenue line item these days, they were launched on 
land which was historically acquired and the land cost at that time was relatively very low, as 
compared to the land cost now. So, now with the new project that we are launching, I don’t think 
we would have 35%, 40% kind of EBITDA margins, which we have seen historically, those 
would be relatively lower, or more likely in the range of 25% to 35%. The plotted development 
on the horizontal development township project would have a relatively higher margin number 
as compared to a group housing number. 
Moderator:  
Thank you so much. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Manish Jaiswal: 
Thank you so much for attending the earning call of EHIL. Thank you for coming today and for 
your interest in the Company. Bye 
Moderator:  
Thank you. On behalf of Eldeco Housing & Industries Limited that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
