 
 
  
 
 
 
 
www.stl.tech 
Sterlite Technologies Limited 
Registered office: 4th Floor, Godrej Millennium, Koregaon Road 9, STS 12/1, Pune, Maharashtra- 411 001, India.                                
CIN - L31300PN2000PLC202408 
November 01, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C-1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East)    
Mumbai - 400 051. 
 
BSE Limited 
Phirozee Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Sub.:  TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CALL - FINANCIAL RESULTS Q2 FY24  
Ref.:   Scrip ID - STLTECH/ Scrip Code - 532374 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
In furtherance of our letters dated October 20, 2023 and October 27, 2023 respectively, please find enclosed 
transcript of earnings call held on October 26, 2023 in respect of Company’s Q2 FY24 financial results. 
The same is also being hosted on the website of the Company and is available under the tab ‘FINANCIAL RESULTS- 
INVESTOR EARNINGS TRANSCRIPT’ drop down available at https://www.stl.tech/downloads.html#qiect 
Kindly take this on record and acknowledge the same.  
Thanking you. 
Yours faithfully, 
For Sterlite Technologies Limited 
 
Amit Deshpande 
General Counsel & Company Secretary (ACS 17551) 
 
Encl.: As above. 
AMIT VILAS 
DESHPANDE
Digitally signed by AMIT 
VILAS DESHPANDE 
Date: 2023.11.01 17:18:02 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Sterlite Technologies Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
 
October 26, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. ANKIT AGARWAL – MD, STL 
MR. TUSHAR SHROFF – CFO, STL 
MR. LAKSHMI IYER – HEAD IR, STL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Page 2 of 15 
 
Lakshmi Iyer: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the STL's Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
I am Lakshmi Iyer, Head, Investor Relations at STL. 
 
To take us through the results and answer your questions, we have Ankit Agarwal, Managing 
Director, STL and Tushar Shroff, Group CFO, STL. 
 
Please note that all participant lines are in the listen-only mode as of now. There will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this call is 
being recorded. You can also download a copy of presentation from our website at www.stl.tech. 
 
Before we proceed with this call, I would like to add that some elements of today's presentation 
may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation to the risks pertaining to the 
business. The Safe Harbor clause indicated in the presentation also applies to this conference 
call. 
 
For opening remarks, I now hand over the call to Ankit Agarwal. Over to you, Ankit. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Lakshmi. Good day everyone. Thank you for joining our Q2 FY24 earnings call 
today. 
 
 
Just to reiterate, our strategic priorities remain the same and are as follows. Firstly, we continue 
to grow the optical business, we are increasing the optical fiber cable market share and 
connectivity attach rate. Initiatives to optimize raw materials and fixed costs in the business to 
become more competitive are ongoing. Secondly, we shall continue to consolidate our global 
services business in select segments. We are building new capabilities for value added services 
and looking at improving the profitability. Lastly, but not the least, we shall build the digital 
business through focused investments in building technology and domain capability and looking 
at getting to EBITDA breakeven in the near term.  
 
 
We shall now cover the outlook and performance of our optical business. Coming to the demand 
outlook as per CRU, the medium-term demand for optical fiber cable volumes expected to go up 
to 623 million fiber kilometers by 2027, up from 535 million fiber kilometers in 2022. The short-
term headwinds are mainly in the markets of North America and expected to continue with 
contraction in North America for 7.7% and in China by 1.9% respectively in 2023. CRU has made 
a downward revision of the earlier forecasts in North America for 2023 by 7%. The near-term 
downturn in North America is on account of inventory correction and is expected to correct in Q1 
or Q2 of 2024 calendar year. Service providers are already in the process of participating in various 
government funded opportunities including the US$42.5 billion BEAD program. STL’s focus 
markets of North America, Europe and India are high potential and is estimated to grow at a 
CAGR between 2023-2028 of 10.1%, 4.7% and 9.5% respectively.  
 
 
This is something we wanted to share with all of you in terms of how the networks are evolving 
and the new way in which operators are looking at carpet coverage of fiber. Telcos on a global 
scale are primed for substantial expansion of the 5G subscriber base. Moreover, we now see 6G 
technologies starting to create more and more noise in the market and it will be at the forefront by 
2028. From being linear with limited applications as you can see on the left-k hand side of slide 
8, fiber has now become denser and all pervasive. With the growing utilization of fiber in various 

Page 3 of 15 
 
applications like Fiber-to-the-home. AI based data centers, edge data centers, smart cities, small 
cells and the integration of 5G into smart enterprises, demand is expected to increase multi fold.  
 
 
Presently, 5G penetration is 36% as per Omdia and 5G subscription is forecasted to grow at 184% 
in the North America, from 173 million to 601 million subscribers. In the case of Fiber-to-the-
home, currently 67 million unique homes have been passed out of the 129 million homes. As per 
CRU FTTH homes passed will increase in line with Bead from 8.7 million per year to 12.2 million 
in 2025, with a CAGR of almost 18%. Also, the current data center expansion in capex of between 
$50 billion to $60 billion is forecasted to grow to $90 billion by 2027.  
 
 
Coming specifically to the BEAD program, as on date, the broadband mapping has been 
completed and state wise allocations for BEAD funding has been announced. The initial grant will 
release 20% of the funding, with funds expected to flow into the respective states by early 2024 
and should kick start the demand recovery in the market. The final grant will release the balance 
funding by early 2025 and will drive a continued demand phase beyond that. Since the deployment 
needs to be completed within four years of the award, there will be an adequate runway of growth 
beyond 2025 as well. Our US factory in North America is fully compliant with Build America By 
America (‘BABA') regulations. STL is well positioned to capture the growth impetus from this 
BEAD program. 
 
Coming to India, the 5G subscriptions are expected to grow at a CAGR of 48% from 100 million 
subscribers currently to 700 million subscribers by 2028. Telcos are expected to spend between 
$1.5 billion to $2.5 billion for 5G fiberisation as per research reports. Similarly, the data center 
capex is also expected to grow significantly between 2023, where about $4 billion currently 
invested will grow to as high as between $16 to $20 billion by FY25. And just one example is 
Amazon Web Services is expected to invest $12.7 billion in data centers in India between now 
and 2030. As you may be aware, the India fiber per capita stands at only 0.25 km compared to 
China at 2.5 km and US at 1.8 km indicating a massive potential ahead. The government has 
recently approved the Rs.1.39 lakh crore for Phase 3 of BharatNet which is envisaged for 
upgradation of the fiber network across the 2.5 lakh gram panchayats of India. 
 
Our market share remained stable at 11% in H1 of CY2023 versus H1 of CY22. We expect the 
OFC market share to grow from second half of FY24 onwards. Our connectivity business attach 
rate has increased to 13% from 10% Q-o-Q basis. Commercialization of the new optical 
connectivity products will further increase the attach rate from H2 FY24 onwards. 
 
Coming to the financials for the optical business, the H1 FY24 revenue stands at Rs. 2,196 crores 
which is lower by 10% on Y-o-Y basis on the back of lower OFC volumes but are partially offset 
by improved realization. Although revenue has declined but H1 FY24 EBITDA has gone up by 
8% on Y-o-Y basis to Rs.457 crores. EBITDA margins for H1 FY24 stands at 20.8%.Reduction 
in operating costs have ensured increase in margins.  
 
Moving on to the performance of our global services business, our project execution on the 
services business is on track. Among Indian public projects our Bharat Net project in the state of 
Telangana is 66% complete, including all packages. The network modernization project is 71% 

Page 4 of 15 
 
complete, our Managed Services Project is 31% complete and additionally we have just started 
the data center project. 
 
On the India private sector, the fiber rollout project for large Indian telecom operator is 30% 
complete for Phase 3. Fiber rollout for another large telecom operator for phase 2 is 42% complete. 
And fiber rollout for a modern optical network from other private customer is 70% complete. In 
the UK, fiber-to-the-home rollout for all projects combined is 31% complete. 
 
In the Global Services business, H1 FY24 revenue stands at Rs. 728 crores, we have been selective 
in order intake and execution. H1 FY24 EBITDA has gone up by 81% Y-o-Y basis to Rs.49 crores 
due to favorable project mix. EBITDA margin for H1 FY24 stands at 6.7%.  
 
We shall now talk about the performance of STL Digital. In STL Digital we are continuing the 
growth momentum. We acquired new customers in the US and India across technology and 
services industry verticals. We had more than 20 plus active customers at the end of Q2 FY24. 
We also had a strong order deal inflow in Q2 FY24. Currently we have 43 plus active technology 
partners and signed strategic partnerships with SAP and Google to offer the solution jointly to our 
customers. Growth will be driven by a robust order book over 780 crores and the right team of 
leadership and consultants.  
 
In line with our expectations and despite tough industry environment, we have grown revenues to 
Rs.140 crores in H1 FY24, 25% growth on Q-o-Q basis. The EBITDA loss for H1 FY24 is at 
Rs.54 crores. EBITDA losses are trending downwards on Q-o-Q basis and expected to further 
reduce with increase in revenue run rate.  
 
I now hand over to Tushar for further talking about the financials. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Thank you Ankit. Good day ladies and gentlemen. Now we talk about STL Q2 FY24 financial 
highlights. Q2 FY24 revenue stands at Rs. 1,494 crores. The 11% drop in revenue is on account 
of the reduction in the OFC volumes which was down on Y-o-Y basis, partially offset by improved 
realization. Q2 FY24 EBITDA margin is, however up at 14.4%, margin increased by 50 bps on 
Y-o-Y basis due to improvement in operating efficiency. Q2 FY24 PAT is at Rs.28 crores on 
account of higher depreciation of US factory and increase in interest costs led by higher interest 
rates.  
 
 
We talk about STL H1 FY24 financial highlights, STL recorded H1 FY24 revenue at Rs. 3,016 
crores. H1 FY24 EBITDA at Rs. 451 crores which has increased 13% on Y-o-Y basis along with 
margin expansion of 230 bps. H1 FY24 PAT stands at Rs.74 crores.  
 
 
Now we talk about the revenue mix, which is now moving from US to other geographies. In terms 
of new orders, in optical business we continue to win multimillion dollar orders for optical fiber 
cable in Europe and Americas. In services business, we continue to win system integrator contract 
in a data center space and fiber rollout for 5G deployment in India. In light of lower demand from 
North America, revenue mix has shifted more towards EMEA and India in Q2 FY24 versus FY23 
with these regions accounting for 72% of revenues. 

Page 5 of 15 
 
 
 
Open order book highlights, our open order book at the end of Q2 FY24 is Rs. 10,516 crores. Our 
order book is well diversified across our customer segments and across all our businesses. 
The financial abridged version is placed before you, the main highlight of the financial is with 
respect to the net debt of FY24 for 6 month period has reduced by Rs.111 crores from FY23. We 
expect to complete the demerger of Global Service business by Q1 FY25.  
 
The current demerger status is that we have recently received the NOC from both the stock 
exchanges for the demerger scheme and we will be filing the application with NCLT shortly.  
 
In summary, I would like to state that in optical network business we shall target to gain market 
share across our focus market particularly in India, EMEA, APAC markets to fill the volume gap 
from US markets. Ramp up of US plant to capitalize on demand surge in North America going 
forward that is 24-25 onwards. Increase in optical connectivity to drive the growth and the attach 
rate. In global service business, we continue to focus on select projects to improve the profitability 
and optimize the net fund involvement.  
 
In digital business, we continue to grow revenue and achieve an EBITDA breakeven by Q4 FY24. 
With operationalization of US plant, capex cycle has been completed. Our capital allocation 
priority will be towards the debt reduction. 
 
In terms of guidance, given additional quarters for inventory correction in North America to play 
out fully, we expect the revenue to decline in FY24. For FY24 significant focus will be towards 
the reduction in the net debt. 
 
Now we talk about our initiatives on ESG. Our ESG rating from Morgan Stanley Capital 
International has improved from BBB to A. Major updates for the quarter- STL has become the 
world's first optical fiber manufacturer to launch independently verified eco label methodology. 
STL has collaborated with Hygenco for supply of green hydrogen for use in its manufacturing.  
 
Now I hand over to Lakshmi for closing remarks. 
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you Tushar. Ladies and gentlemen with this we come to the end of our presentation and 
shall now move on to the Q&A.  
 
So, Sunny please go ahead with your question. 
 
Sunny: 
First of all, if you can help us understand that how is the demand situation evolving in North 
America? And basically, when you say that inventory correction will continue for few more 
months so how should we read that in terms of the base revenue that you have done in Q1 and Q2 
from North America? Whether the worst is over, and things start improving from here on out we 
do expect things can even worsen from here on.  
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I put it in two three areas. One definitely, probably since what we spoke last and guided last 
we still see more time required in North America market to really get through that inventory and 

Page 6 of 15 
 
for the demand and the right kind of demand coming back with full steam. So earlier if you 
remember we had probably guided that somewhere around Q3 or Q4, we should start seeing that 
demand come back. We now see that will probably be closer to Q1 of next financial year, where 
we start seeing some of the regular or the good volume of demand coming back from North 
America. So that is one shift that we are seeing from the market perspective when we speak to our 
customers and also look at our peers in the industry. From the operations perspective, that also 
means what we have shared is, we have also looked at other markets including EMEA as well as 
India for growing that and making sure that some of the volume drop gets covered in those 
markets. Of course our realizations as we shared in the past, are higher typically in North America 
and then in Europe as well. So, to that extent we do expect a decline from a revenue perspective. 
So that is what we have just shared in our last slide, that overall there will be impact on the revenue 
of the optical business and then overall for STL for the rest of the year. 
 
Sunny: 
And by recovery do you mean that basically, we will go back to what you were doing before in 
Q3 or Q4 of FY23 in terms of the run rate from North America? That is what you mean by 
recovery, or you mean that things improved from the current base because what is not clear from 
any of the commentary or the presentation is what the new base is looking like. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I think that is fair. I would say that there is still uncertainty certainly over next 6 months of how 
the demand pans out. So, I would say we are still looking and continuing to converse with our 
customers on how that demand comes through. So, we will probably be able to update you as we 
see that. What I am structurally saying is that, we do see fundamentally as the inventory comes 
down, the projects like BEAD and demand for that starts coming in, as well as the other projects 
start kicking in. We do fundamentally believe that the North America market will continue to start 
growing back in that timeframe as I shared, from Q1 next fiscal year onwards. So that is when we 
see that the demand should be strong on the back of that and especially now with a US factory 
fully ready and fully compliant, we are very well positioned to capture that growth as it comes 
back. But we don't see it as kind of a hockey stick, there will be quarter on quarter improvement. 
 
Sunny: 
Sure. Basically, if you can give some color on interconnect because there is no outlook or any 
description on the interconnect business in the current presentation. So, how is that progressing 
and what is the attach rate we are operating at currently? And how do we see the outlook of that 
business in the near future and medium term. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, as we share, this continues to be a top priority for growth for the optical business. The key 
areas for us have been very focused in terms of improving the attach rate compared to the cable 
that we do. What we have shared earlier also that we have seen some success particularly in 
Europe, so we want to continue to scale up in that market, but also exploring how we can scale up 
in other markets including North America. The reason we cannot give very specific forecasts is 
because of the fairly long cycles that it takes to get the approvals and to get in with some of the 
leading Telco operators. What I can share is that this is certainly a top priority for us. We currently 
have improved from 10% to 13%, which is in Q2 and as we have shared earlier as well the intent 
is to continue to improve that going forward and certainly will continue to give you more visibility 
particularly as we start improving our positioning in Europe and US.  
 

Page 7 of 15 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Sunny you can refer the slide 12 where we have given a little color on OI attach rate in terms of 
how we are seeing it. In the quarter it has gone up to 13%. So, I think we have provided some 
information on OI on slide number 12. 
 
Sunny: 
Sure. Thank you. Basically, on the global service business what is the status of your T-Fiber 
project? Because the completion rates look to remain stagnant there. So is that project moving 
very slowly? How should we look at the completion of that because I believe that the large amount 
of capital employed is stuck in the service business through some of these government projects? 
So, what is the outlook there, any color will be helpful. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, you are right, that is an important project for us. Just to be clear, we continue to make progress 
in that project. There would have probably been slower execution on the account of factors like 
monsoon and other things but what is important to also remember is that the way these projects 
are structured, especially from a cash out perspective, are on achieving certain milestones. And so 
it is one of those elements where even if smaller amounts from a kilometer perspective is achieved, 
but as you keep completing those links and milestones, then the cash payouts happen. So 
fundamentally, we believe that is the focus for us. We want to continue to move and you will see 
progress in this project broadly over the next 6 months. And then as we see start hitting the 
milestone there will be disproportionate cash out from these projects, but structurally, there is a 
good understanding between us, T-fiber and as we complete these milestones, we have good 
confidence on the cash getting released. 
 
Sunny: 
Ok. Thanks for the detailed answers. 
 
Lakshmi Iyer: 
Thank you Sunny. We will now move on to Bala.  
 
Bala: 
I am Bala from Arihant Capital. Sir, I have one question, in the realization side you have 
mentioned the improvement on the realization. One of your competitors talked about decrease - 
on the OFC side they have mentioned Rs. 1,200-1.300 per fiber kilometer price corrections and 
on the OF side Rs.345/350-380 in that range per fiber kilometers price corrections but we have 
mentioned about improvement in the realization. How do we understand this in this quarter? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Thank you, Bala.  So, firstly we do not normally comment on our competitors. What we can share 
at least is that we have strategically always looked at our focus markets being Europe, North 
America and India which largely contribute to 90% of our sales. These are markets where we have 
been very focused on selling our innovations, selling our products and also some element of the 
interconnects that comes through. Specifically on fiber and cable I won't be able to comment on 
specific realizations, but we have been able to push some of the price increases to our customers 
successfully and that is what has come through in our realizations improving from last quarter to 
this quarter. 
 
Bala: 
Ok sir. On the debt side how much we are focused to reduce in this financial year? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Our internal target is to see that anything between Rs. 200-250 crores in terms of a debt reduction. 
 

Page 8 of 15 
 
Bala: 
Okay sir. On the volume side you have mentioned some volume drop, this volume drop is 
specifically in domestic market or in international markets? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
It is largely international market. In fact, since we saw some of the slowdown in North America, 
we have in fact increased our sales successfully in the Indian market as well. 
 
Bala: 
Okay sir, got that. Thank you.  
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Nikhil Chowdary please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Chowdary: 
First question is regarding the revenue growth guidance. So, on one hand CRU is guiding less than 
1% decline in overall volume ex China in ‘23. Our guidance states that our revenue growth will 
be negative. Is it fair to assume that we might be losing market share in some geography given 
our overall revenue growth is negative but overall market is more or less flattish. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, I would put 2-3 parts to it, one categorically we are not losing market share. In fact, a big focus 
for us, is how we in fact increase our market share in this market scenario. As I also shared, we 
are very well positioned now in North America with absolute tier I and tier II customers we have 
on board, with the facility that we have now set up as well as now getting BABA compliant for 
BEAD. We are in fact very strategically well positioned to capture good market share as the 
market comes back. So, that is one on the US. In Europe also, with our facility of Metallurgica and 
Optotec acquisition, we are in a strong market position to capture the Europe market. India as well 
as I just shared, we are in fact increasing our share in the Indian market, with customers like Airtel 
and some others. So overall, we are quite well positioned. I would not comment on the numbers 
between how we are growing versus CRU because CRU is also an external market forecast. What 
we are very clear is that these are the three current markets that we are operating in. Within this 
period, we are seeing how to maximize our market share on one side with our customers. We are 
looking to increase our interconnect business that we spoke of and what Tushar has touched on is 
from an operational perspective really looking at cost efficiency to ultimately improve our 
profitability. 
 
Nikhil Chowdary: 
Sure Ankit. Second is again on operating efficiency that you mentioned. Clearly we have seen 
quite a bit of improvement despite of challenging quarter and margin facing challenges to lower 
America’s revenue. But just want to understand where we are in the journey, how much we have 
already traveled. And also, we hired external consultancy to guide us in terms of cutting our overall 
costs. So, maybe a directional guidance you can give where we are, how far we have reached and 
any color on that will be appreciated. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, timing wise probably, halfway or 3/4th into that journey. So, we still have a few months where 
some of the impacts of these initiatives should continue to come through. I think what is important 
to understand is the way we have gone about it is that to make sure that structurally, we are in a 
better cost efficiency base. So that whenever as the market improves and other operations improve 
we are able to hold on and get the benefit of these costs in the years to come. So that is how we 
have gone about it, these are structurally focused and structured initiatives we have had, looking 
at every element of our cost and making sure that we see the benefit of that. So, that is broadly 

Page 9 of 15 
 
where we are. We continue to believe that there are opportunities for further cost improvements, 
and we are focused on that. 
 
Nikhil Chowdary: 
Sure Ankit. That's it from my side. Thank you. Good luck for coming years. 
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you Nikhil. Now we will move on to Sohan Joshi. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
I am from ASC consultants and want to ask one question, what is it timeframe now within which 
we can achieve the net debt to EBITDA to 2.5 or below 2.5? I mean, want to understand up to 
what timeframe we will achieve that and are we now factoring the right issues as well in achieving 
these 2.5 to below 2.5 net debt to EBITDA level? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, as Tushar just mentioned, definitely one data point is, we have reduced our net debt by about 
110 odd crores in the first half. And overall, we are looking at somewhere between 200-250 crores 
net debt reduction for the year so that is clear priority in line with what we have guided in the past 
of generating cash on the business and reducing the net debt. We have also looked at our capex 
for the full year and broadly looking to reduce our capex from around Rs. 350-400 crores, to 
probably closer to 250 crores for the year. So, these are 2-3 areas where we are looking at it very 
closely from cash and second part also from fund involvement, looking at how we can reduce that 
further, particularly in the services business. So, these are some of the areas that we are very 
focused on. The last part is also on our digital business, where this year overall we would be 
spending close to Rs.120 crores as an investment into this business, as that also gets into EBITDA 
breakeven by Q4 then that cost and cash also comes away. So, these are the areas that we are 
focused. I would not be able to comment specifically on the net debt/EBITDA at this moment, 
particularly given how we are looking at the next six months so we are just watching this very 
closely in terms of the market dynamics and as we get better visibility we will be able to share 
with you. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Okay, thanks a lot. My second question is that given the bleak outlook on the demand side, will 
we push back or right issues proposal, any guidelines on that? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We have got the approval in terms of the rights issue and overall fundraise, we have got approval 
up to Rs.1000 crores. So, depending on the strategic requirements as well as market conditions, 
etc. we continue to evaluate. I would not be able to comment on it specifically at this time. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
One last question, what is the current order book status from the BharatNet project. I mean, what 
is the value addition we are now gaining from the BharatNet project? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So just to be clear the new phase III Bharat Net is almost 1.4 lakh crores project. That is a clear 
priority of the government to take that forward and the conversations and the discussions are 
progressing, even since we last spoke, so there is a real intent to get the project executed. The 
investment is structured broadly as 50% capex and 50% opex, where the execution would happen 
over 2.5-3 years and maintenance will be for 7 years. So, this presents a very exciting opportunity 
for STL across, from supply of fiber, supply of cables, supply of interconnect, as well as, of course 
services and maintenance business. So, this is something that we are very much actively 

Page 10 of 15 
 
participating in and as we shared earlier, we are very mindful of looking at this and the government 
business. So very mindful of the cash and the exposure as well. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Just one thing, are the bids submitted for the BharatNet project, or allocation is pending or even 
part allocation is there. So, what is the status on that? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, we are not at the bid stage, we are before that. 
 
Sohan Joshi: 
Thanks a lot. That is it from my side. I wish you good luck. 
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you Sohan. Now we will ask Ravikanth to ask the questions.  
 
Ravikanth: 
I am an individual investor. My question is, a couple of quarters back we heard from you that the 
China Mobile tender has been released. So, did we get any business from that particular country? 
We even acquired a joint venture, we had 100% stake from the joint venture so did we get any 
business from that. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, we did acquire the balance 25% stake so it is 100% STL own entity now in China. But 
strategically just to be clear, we have always set up and built that facility to not just meet China 
requirements, but our global requirements, both whether it is for our own cable requirements or 
any other external cablers. So, to that extent, that is how the factory is operating. And we continue 
to serve our global requirements for fiber from that facility. Guiding specifically to China mobile, 
of course that tender has come through, the volumes continue to be in the market, we do not supply 
from that facility into the China market. We do see more strategic reasons to supply to our global 
cable operations or to external markets, other cablers globally. 
 
Ravikanth: 
From past 6 months, we have been hearing from North America that there is a lot of inventory 
pending. So, today we are also saying that it will take about 6 months, so in the past 6 months is 
there really any commissioning going on there. I mean, why such slow progress. Can you provide 
some insight on that? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So just to be clear, there is still deployment going on. And so it's just a function of how quickly 
does the execution happen across the broader customer base to ensure that the inventory comes 
off. Essentially, as I have shared earlier, the inventory is in three places, inventory with us as a 
supplier, inventory with the distributors, and it's also inventory with the end customers. So, it is a 
function of all that inventory cumulatively coming off and that is what we have been sharing will 
take some period of time, versus what we had expected in last quarter as well it has still taken 
more time. Part of that also is because, the execution speed on the ground is actually not picking 
up as much as we would have liked to hope for in terms of physical deployment on the ground. 
So, hopefully that also picks up over the next 6-12 months as we get more manpower into the 
ground to execute. Hopefully that also leads to more execution. In terms of actual funding 
commitments, interest from private equity or from telecom operators to deploy, we fundamentally 
see that to continue and also from mid to long term perspective, we continue to be very bullish on 
the North America market. 
 

Page 11 of 15 
 
Ravikanth: 
Just one last question, in the UK service business, even there we did not really see much 
momentum. Can you throw some light on that? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, as we shared last time that currently in part of Q1 and then into Q2, the UK services was still 
looking to scale up but was operating at losses. So, to that extent as we have shared, we have 
evaluated the business closely and we are closely evaluating strategic options to take the business 
forward. There we clearly see there is an operating model and a cost base that we are looking to 
reduce towards, to make the business breakeven and profitable and parallelly we also evaluating 
other strategic options. So we will come back to you on that shortly. 
 
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you, Ravi. We will now move on to Aditya Zaveri. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
My question is regarding the North America market. So, everyone is expecting that next year there 
will be growth right. So firstly, I wanted to ask what our capacity utilization is. And the second 
part is if everyone is waiting to dump next year, then the pricing pressure also can come here. So, 
can you throw some light here on the pricing front and the capacity utilization? 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
Yeah, so at least on the North America, just to be clear, I think it is not that we expect the market 
to dump and the price to go down. We have infact even seen in this market, prices to actually be 
quite healthy and that is just the nature of that market specifically, where you typically have good 
tier 1 suppliers with you through market conditions, who continue to supply. What we have seen 
is lead times have come down from its peak which was probably north of 50 plus weeks, have 
probably come down to somewhere around 8-10 weeks currently. And to that extent, wherever 
we need to supply from our North America market, we have started supplies from those 
operations, that the factory is still scaling up and overall at STL level we are operating at close to 
60% utilization for first half of this fiscal year. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
So next year, any additional capacity is commissioning, or it is already commissioned with us. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
So, as we shared in the past, our main investment is to look at our US facility, so probably in the 
second half of this fiscal year, there will be some more capacity getting added as per our current 
plan for North America. But beyond that, we have no other capacity addition plans and that is also 
where we have talked about our capex plans for the year coming down from 350 crores to 250 
crores. So, we are pretty much done with our capex investment, apart from maybe some 
maintenance capex etc. And the prime focus will be to look at various markets for our sales and 
to ensure we improve our factory utilizations. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
Okay, the next question is regarding the demerger. I had one question, how will be the debt 
restructured there. Can you throw some light? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, from a debt restructuring for GSB business, it is a function of when we are going to get the 
necessary approval from NCLT. On the date when we get the approval from NCLT, whatever is 
the specific debt attributable to the GSB business will get transferred. We looked at a current debt 
attributable to the STL service business which is about Rs. 550-600 crores. 

Page 12 of 15 
 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
Okay, but I think the working capital is high there, so it comes only to the services business and 
rest of the debt is on the optical business. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
That is correct, but the way it is required from the income tax perspective, the debt has to be very 
specifically attached to that particular business when you borrow the funds for the purpose for 
which you borrow the funds is important. So, the lines that we have very specifically for the GSB 
business which has been utilized is about 550-600 crores as on date. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
On product business how much working capital or debt would be required? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, the working capital cycle for ONB business is in the range of 60 to 75 days. So, the balance 
debt will be with ONB business at STL level which will be attributable to ONB business as well 
as the digital business. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
My last question is on the digital, I see that there is a quite a jump up in our revenue. And I know 
that you are taking a consultancy model here, you are hiring the consultants here but if you think 
of a long term strategy, if you want to scale this business big, do you think is the right strategy to 
go forward. And can you talk about the projects here, what kind of projects we are doing that is 
getting the revenue of Rs.140 crores within a span of one year. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
I would say at a high level it is still very early stages in this business. What we have focused on 
and what we have shared earlier as well is we want to focus on few segments. Make sure that we 
have strong customer relationships in those segments, and we create value for those customers. 
That is really been the focus. And really from a financial perspective, I think we have got a fairly 
healthy order book close to Rs.750 crores. We have very strong team and leadership in place and 
very specific near term target for the business is to look at EBITDA breakeven by Q4. We continue 
to evaluate how we want to take this business forward, how we want to scale it up, what are the 
areas we want to focus on, what are the capabilities we built, but from a management focus, the 
immediate priority to breakeven and from thereon we will provide more updates as we get clarity 
on the plan ahead. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Just to clarify the consultant means these are our own employee having the capability to deliver 
the requirement of the customers. So they are not third party consultants, they are our own people. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
So how many people are there here? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, if you go to the slide number 18 of the presentation, we have 900 plus consultants. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
So, then why are we calling as consultants? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
It is our internal terminology so, that is why we call consultants but these are our own employees 
because they provide consulting to the customer that is why we call them internally as a consultant. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
But what kind of work, can you throw some light like is it a typical IT services work? 

Page 13 of 15 
 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
It is IT services business, just to be very clear, it is very focused. We have some tier I customers 
onboard and as we continue to scale up with these customers, that is where we see, particularly by 
Q4, we see a path where we can get this to break even. 
 
Aditya Zaveri:  
So, basically it is like banking, retail that we are doing. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So if you go into slide number 18, the service offering that we have in the second bullet, where 
we have clearly mentioned that we provide an enterprise SAS services, product engineering, cloud 
and cybersecurity services, data analytics and AI services. So those are the specific services that 
we provide to some of our customers.  
 
 
Lakshmi Iyer: 
Thank you Aditya. We will now move on to Saket Kapoor.  
 
Saket Kapoor:  
I am Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. You did mention that we are reducing our capex target 
to Rs.250 crores from Rs.350-400 crores. So, if you could elaborate more, where is this reduction 
going to happen and what was the earlier thought-out plan and why is this reduction now and the 
capital work in progress is at Rs.180 crores. So that has increased year on year, if you could explain 
these two numbers. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, I take your first question with respect to our capex program. So, when we started the financial 
year, we looked at what was the overall capex program which was required, it had US specific 
phase II capex plan. Now, looking at the current demand in US, we will have to defer some of 
those things till the time the demand picks up and we see sustainable demand and then we will try 
to revise the second phase of any kind of capex program that we may have for US plant. So, that 
is your first question. 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Just one second, is it capacity building or operational efficiency building at the US part, which 
you are deferring right now. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
The US part is a capacity building, the phase two of the capacity building based on the demand. 
So, at this point in time since the demand has still to pick up, I think we have curtailed this 
particular capex in order to manage the cash efficiency 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
And point 2, the current capital work in progress. I think it was around 180 crores. So, when are 
we going to capitalize this and where is this money deployed? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
The large part of the capex is related to US, which will be capitalized once we are able to 
commission some of these particular lines. So, as we commission some of these lines, the 
capitalization will happen. 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Right sir. When we look at your employee cost as a percentage of sales that has remained elevated 
at the consol level. So, what is your comment on the same, is it because of the ramp up exercise 
for the US facility or how should we take this number, the run rate of Rs.250 crores on a quarterly 

Page 14 of 15 
 
basis. And also Ankit when you mentioned that we are looking at muted numbers going ahead. 
So, on an H1 basis, do we look at the exit of H1 as what we can look for H2 as of now or H2 will 
be comparatively lower than what we have done for H1. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So with respect to your employee cost, we need to understand that we are into 3 separate 
businesses, the 2 businesses are highly employee intensive or people intensive. I would say that 
service business as well as a digital business, which requires headcount that is required to serve 
the customer that is the reason that we are into high employee cost as an organization, because we 
are into 3 different businesses.  
 
Saket Kapoor:  
The revenue trajectory for H2 versus H1. What we exited H1 at 2200. The pessimism is towards 
the optical network business, our core. It is not regarding the global services neither for the digital 
part. There I think you are looking at better times, but for our core business, things look on the 
lower side. So, what should be the impression going forward in H2 for the 2 segments 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
So, I think these both segments will continue to grow and serve the customers based on the 
execution plan that we have. So, on a sustainable basis these 2 businesses will grow on a quarter 
on quarter basis except for ONB business. 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
So, how should we look at the ONB business? My question is ONB is on a declining trend. So, 
this is done with or more decline is expected for H2 going ahead. What should we be factoring 
in? 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
I mean, the guidance that we have given is with respect to the overall situation, we see that this 
year we may see the decline with respect to the previous year and the large part of the revenue 
comes from the ONB business. 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Okay, so no percentage you can guide as to where we can get. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
No, as I said we are watching the market closely and particularly impact on North America. So, 
as we get better visibility, I think it will be fair for us to comment at that time 
 
Saket Kapoor:  
Two very small point for the receivable part, from T fiber project how much is the receivable 
pending and what kind of milestones are we going to complete so that these receivables get 
liquidated. 
 
Tushar Shroff: 
Our working capital employed in this T fiber business is about Rs.700 crores. The T fiber as Ankit 
mentioned, is a very complex project because it requires the entire state level in the network to get 
built up. So, each Panchayat, then the district, then the village, then the city and then the entire 
state needs to be built up to ensure that we have built up the entire network at the state level which 
is a little bit of complex project because each and every segment of the network should work 
efficiently to get the necessary approvals from the customer, which we call it as ATC (Acceptance 
Test Certificate). That is the way we have been working on to ensure that we complete 
progressively on each and every segment so that we move ahead on this particular project faster. 
 

Page 15 of 15 
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you Saket. With this we come to the end of the question and answer session and now I hand 
it over back to Ankit for closing remarks. 
 
Ankit Agarwal: 
We would like to thank everyone for attending this call and showing interest in our company. 
Despite the challenging market environment we have managed to maintain EBIDA margins at 
consistent levels. At H1 FY24 we have reduced our debt levels by Rs.111 crores and the capex 
cycle has been completed with operationalization of the US facility. We are thus well positioned 
to execute on our growth strategy of being world top 3. We will be able to deliver more robust 
results when the demand, particularly North American market recovers. I hope we are able to 
address and clarify all your queries and comments. For further questions and discussions feel free 
to contact our Investor Relations Team, which include myself and Tushar. We really look forward 
to continuing the conversation with you in the near future. Thank you.  
 
Lakshmi Iyer:  
Thank you everyone for attending the call.  
 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
 
 
