INDIA PESTICIDES LIMITED 
An ISO 9001:2015, 14001:2015, 45001:2018 and 10002:2018 Company 
CIN No. L24112 UP1984PLC006894 
IPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIIPLIPLIPLLIPLIPL 
IPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPL 
IPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIPLIIPLIPLIPLIPL 
Regd. Office: Swarup Bhawan, 35-A, Civil Lines, Bareilly – 243 001. Uttar Pradesh, India. Phone: 0581-2567476 
Manufacturing Unit 1: Plot No: E-17 to E-23 & G-31 to G-35, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Dewa Road, Chinhat, Lucknow, (UP) 
Manufacturing Unit 2: Plot No: K-2 to K-12 & D-2 to D-4, UPSIDC Industrial Area, Sandila, Hardoi, (UP) 
Water Works Road, Aishbagh, Lucknow – 226004 (INDIA) 
Tel : +91-522-2653602, 2653603, 2653622, 4041014 
Fax : +91-522-2653610 
Website : www.indiapesticideslimited.com 
E-mail : info@indiapesticideslimited.com 
 
Date: 18.11.2023 
 
To 
The Manager, 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai-400001 
Scrip Code: 543311 
ISIN: INE0D6701023 
The Manager, 
Listing & Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra- Kurla Complex, Mumbai-400051 
Symbol: IPL 
 
Dear Sir/ Ma'am,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analyst/Investors Call on the Unaudited Standalone and Consolidated Financial Results of the Company for 
the quarter and half year ended 30th September, 2023, held on Friday, November 10, 2023. 
 
The 
transcript 
of 
the 
earnings 
call 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at 
https://www.indiapesticideslimited.com/InvestorRelations.php 
 
 
Kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully,  
For India Pesticides Limited 
 
 
 
 
(AJEET PANDEY) 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A42500 
AJEET 
PANDEY
Digitally signed by 
AJEET PANDEY 
Date: 2023.11.18 
18:43:44 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“India Pesticides Limited 
Q2 and H1 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND SWARUP AGARWAL - CHAIRMAN - INDIA 
PESTICIDES LIMITED 
 
MR. D.K. JAIN - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - INDIA 
PESTICIDES LIMITED 
 
MR. S.P. GUPTA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - INDIA 
PESTICIDES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VATSAL VINCHHI – CHOICE INDIA 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to India Pesticides Limited Q2 and H1 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vatsal Vinchhi from Choice India. Thank you, and over 
to you, sir. 
Vatsal Vinchhi: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Choice Equities Broking, welcome 
to the Q2 and H1 FY24 Post Results Conference Call of India Pesticides Limited. I also take this 
opportunity to welcome the senior management team. On today's call, we have with us Mr. 
Anand Swarup Agarwal, Chairman; Mr. D.K. Jain, CEO; and Mr. S.P. Gupta, CFO. 
 
Kindly refer to the safe harbor statement on the second last slide of the earnings presentation. I 
will now invite the management for their opening remarks to be followed by Q&A. Thank you, 
and over to you, sir. 
Anand Agarwal: 
Thank you, Mr. Vatsal. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I hope you and your family are 
staying safe and healthy. Wishing you a very Happy Dhanteras and Happy Diwali. I take the 
pleasure of welcoming you all for the Q2 and H1 FY24 earnings conference call of India 
Pesticides. I hope you all had the chance to look at the financial statements and earnings 
presentation uploaded on the exchanges and our website. 
 
In Q2 FY24, agro industries continued to face the headwinds in terms of high-cost inventories, 
destocking in international markets and ongoing price declines resulting from an oversupply of 
raw materials from China, which impacted our exports. 
 
Despite these headwinds, our company remains steadfast in the commitment and delivered 
sustainable revenue of Rs. 206 crores, driven by robust domestic demand and relentless focus 
on operational efficiency. 
 
Our expansion project through our subsidiary remains on track and is anticipated to be 
commissioned by the end of this fiscal year. Additionally, we are proactively investing in new 
products and expanding our manufacturing capabilities at our existing facilities. During the 
quarter, we have acquired land adjacent to our Sandila plant which will significantly facilitate 
our expansion efforts for future operational endeavors. 
 
We are delighted to announce our plans to incorporate an additional block for intermediates and 
another for technical by H2 FY24. As part of this expansion, we will be augmenting our 
production capacity by 2,000 metric tonnes expected to be complete by Q4 FY24. 
 
This positive momentum has encouraged us to explore new avenues of growth and expansion, 
reinforcing our commitment to enhancing our offerings and achieving long-term success in the 
agro industries. 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
India Pesticides is an R&D-driven agrochemical business with a growing formulation business. 
Since its inception, IPL has also branched out their manufacturing capacities in Herbicides, 
Fungicides, Technicals and active pharmaceutical ingredients. The Technical segment 
contribute to 77% of IPL's total revenue is expected to grow in future. 
 
There are 19 Technicals losing their patents giving rise to an opportunity for all market players. 
The total of 19 Technicals that go off patent will bring about an increased value of $4.2 billion 
to all the market players. IPL is well positioned to capitalize on this opportunity be cause of its 
extensive R&D facilities that constantly streamline process and restructure and adding new 
products to the portfolio. IPL is closely looking at these molecules. 
 
Currently, IPL has a total installed capacity of 26,000 metric tonnes per annum. The total 
capacity is expected to double with additional block in Sandila and Hamirpur plant. This 
expansion is planned in line with expected growth in current products as well as new Technicals 
that the company is working on. 
 
On the expanding capacity of 2,000 metric tonnes will be operational by FY24. Our unwavering 
commitment and accountability combined with our extensive outreach to billions of farmers in 
vast distribution network and its strong market presence is instrumental in driving us towards 
achieving our goal. 
 
Now I will hand over the further presentation to Mr. D.K. Jain. Thank you very much. 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We welcome you all for the Q2 and H1 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call of India Pesticides. 
 
As you all know, the agrochemical industry is passing through a difficult time in terms of prices 
and volumes because of various reasons like oversupply, weather conditions and geopolitical 
situations. 
 
In Q2 FY24, despite several headwinds from industry, your company has delivered a reasonable 
revenue of Rs. 206 crores on the back of strong efforts by the team. Our ability to navigate 
current industry challenges is a testament to our dedicated marketing and R&D team. Their 
relentless pursuit and innovation has allowed us to maintain our competitive edge in the market. 
This has not only helped us in adapting the changing market conditions, but also in anticipating 
and meeting the evolving needs of our customers. 
 
Now moving on to some strategic development during the quarter. I am pleased to share a 
significant development in our leadership team. As a part of our strategic succession plan, we 
proudly welcome the sons of our esteemed Chairman, Mr. Vishal Swarup Agarwal and Mr. 
Vishwas Swarup Agarwal, who have joined our Board as Non-Executive Directors. This marks 
a momentous occasion for us, igniting the path towards an exciting leap into the future of 
exponential growth. 
 
Their vast experience will bring fresh perspectives and energy and will complement the 
experience and vision of our team, ensuring a seamless transition and a bright future for India 
Pesticides Limited. 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
Furthermore, we are planning to increase our present installed capacity of Technicals and 
intermediate products by about 2,000 metric tonnes as stated by our Chairman, taking our total 
count to 23,200 metric tonnes. This expansion is expected to be completed by  Q4 FY24. This 
capacity increase will enable us to better serve our customers and capitalize on the growing 
demand of our products. 
 
In addition to the capacity expansion, we have taken a significant step towards solicitating our 
expansion efforts by acquiring a land adjacent to our Sandila plant. This strategic move not only 
provides us with the room for further growth, but also enhances our operational efficiency. 
 
To update on our Hamirpur expansion projects, we wish to inform that the work on the first 
block is in progress, and we are expecting the initial production to be commissioned by end of 
this fiscal year, which will further fuel our future growth. All our capex plans are progressing as 
planned, and it will further strengthen the company's capacities and capabilities for coming 
years. 
 
As we grow, our commitment towards bringing chemicals which can substitute and limit our 
dependence on imports remains steadfast. This is also one of the many initiatives that aligns with 
the company's vision of Make in India and Vocal for Local to support domestic growth. We 
deeply appreciate the trust and unwavering support we have received from our valued customers, 
dedicated employees, trusted partners and committed shareholders as we embark on of our 
journey towards a more sustainable future. We remain determined in our commitment to deliver 
value to each one of them. 
 
As we move forward, our primary focus remains on attaining market leadership in the agro 
solution sector in India. We are fully dedicated to achieving this goal by evolving responsibly 
and with our strategic priorities. I once again thank you for your patience and wish you and your 
family a very Happy Deepawali. May this festival of light bring peace, harmony and prosperity 
in the world. 
 
With this, I would like to pass on to Mr. S.P. Gupta to walk us through our Q2 and H1 FY24 
financial highlights. Mr. S.P. Gupta. 
S.P. Gupta: 
Thank you, sir. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining the India 
Pesticides conference call to discuss Q2 and H1 FY24 results. I will quickly walk through our 
financial performance. 
Total revenue for Q2 FY24 was Rs. 206 crores as compared to Rs. 253 crores in Q2 FY23 due 
to decline in export sales. In Q2 FY24, we registered an EBITDA of Rs. 31 crores, a sequential 
growth of 19% with EBITDA margin of 15%. 
 
The net profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 20 crores, with PAT margin of 9.5%. Some of the raw 
materials and finished goods price have reduced substantially. This has led to a stock revaluation 
as per accounting standard and impacted the gross profit and profitability to the tune of Rs. 22 
crores during H1 FY24. 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
In Q2 FY24, our revenue from exports stood at Rs. 62 crores as compared to Rs. 122 crores in 
Q2 FY23 and domestic revenue stood at Rs. 140 crores as compared to Rs. 128 crores in Q2 
FY23. Revenue from Technicals and formulation stood at Rs. 115 crores and Rs. 87 crores, 
respectively. 
 
Demand environment in the international market remained bleak amidst high channel inventory 
and easing supply from China. We have spent Rs. 30 crores on Capex in first half of the year. 
Capex outflow of Rs. 50 crores have been planned for FY24 for IPL and Rs. 60 crores for Shalvis 
Specialties Limited, our wholly owned subsidiary. 
 
I am glad to share that currently, we are in the initial planning stages of launching a new 
subsidiary that will operate under an asset-light business mode. The company will identify 
molecules, preparing dossiers, seeking registrations, marketing and distribution of Formulations 
and Technical mainly in overseas market. 
 
India Pesticides Limited has a strong balance sheet with the ability to generate good free cash 
flow. Company is planning to fuel its Capex plan with internal accruals. Our cash and cash 
equivalent at the end of Q2 FY24 was Rs. 168 crores. We remain confident of continuing our 
growth trajectory while extending full support to our customer supply and valued stakeholder, 
wishing you and your family a very Happy and Prosperous Deepawali. 
With this, we would be happy to take your questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Atul Dhandharia from Akone Healthy Foods India Private 
Limited. 
Atul Dhandharia: 
My question is to our Chairman, Mr. Anand-ji. What are the growth plans with respect to coming 
2-3 years? And as you mentioned that we are expecting our capacity to go double, so is there 
any timeline? 
Anand Agarwal: 
One thing I can tell you that we can't give you as a particular at this moment, any concrete time 
frame, but our team, and we are quite hopeful that in coming 2-3 years, we are going to do 
wonders. I can say only one thing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Beria, who's an individual investor. 
Harsh Beria: 
My first question is about our key molecule, Prosulfocarb. Sir, what's the inventory situation in 
our end markets like? And are we seeing incremental competition coming in this product? 
SP Gupta: 
Well, we cannot give you a specific inventory for a particular product. But what is happening in 
the Herbicide you have  name, there is a high level of inventory in user countries and  destocking 
by MNCs are going on, so volumes are declined. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay. My second question is about our earlier comment on creating a new subsidiary, which 
will be if I understood correctly, it will be marketing company. Is that a correct understanding? 
Will this be a business model like Sharda Cropchem that we are planning to establish? 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Dheeraj Jain: 
This new subsidiary, what we are planning because we are also working on that, but that will be 
concentrating more on registering the products in each of the countries abroad along with the 
Formulations. Presently, we are not registering our formulated products in the market. So that 
subsidiary will concentrate on that so that we can do B2B as well as B2C business. So we are 
inspired by Sharda Cropchem, but it will be on the similar lines. 
Harsh Beria: 
So if I understand correctly, the manufacturing of Technical will be still done by us, and we'll 
be selling both to B2B and B2C customers the end formulations? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Sir presently, we are manufacturing a lot of products, but this company will not only focus on 
these products only, but they can also source it from outside because then the product basket 
would increase. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay. And sir, what's the reason for doing this? Because formulation registration is much more 
expensive process, especially if we are going into regulated markets like Europe or Latin 
America. What's the idea behind this? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
If we register once, initially it takes a little more time, but if you register once, then the business 
is assured. Because anyhow whenever we want to sell, we've got to increase our overall portfolio 
and revenues, then we need to register and increase our product portfolio. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay, sir. And my next question is about our domestic Formulations business, which has been 
doing very well for us. Can you talk a little bit about the distribution network that we have set 
up in India, and our plans for this business? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Our Formulation business is growing every year, and we are increasing the number of 
distributors. Presently, we have almost about 5,000 distributors across pan-India and we are 
increasing our service in some of the states where we are not present. So like, we are trying to 
increase our presence across all the Indian states. 
Harsh Beria: 
And do we also have our own 9(3) products in filing for Indian market? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
9(3) in the sense of what you mean by 9(3)? Because for our export molecules, we require 9(3) 
registrations. And for import, if you want to do a new product to import, that takes a lot of time, 
at least 4-5 years for data generation and registration. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay. So currently, we are not in-licensing new products for selling them in the formulation 
market in India. 
Dheeraj Jain: 
No, presently, we are not doing that. We are looking at different opportunities because some of 
the products what we manufacture ourselves exclusively for export, they also have very good 
market possibilities in India. So we are trying to develop the data on these molecules so that we 
can start selling them in India also. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay, sir. And can you give just a brief commentary about what's the outlook in the Technical 
market globally? Are we seeing improved offtake by the market or is the situation really bad 
even now? 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Dheeraj Jain: 
As Mr. Gupta has already told you, there has been an overstocking of the products during the 
last 2 years because there were serious problems in the container movement and COVID and 
geopolitical situations, so companies have bought more. And they are now destocking these 
products. So probably this will continue for another quarter or so or 2 quarters. Then I think it 
should get stabilized and normalized. 
 
Overall, the consumption of agrochemicals have to increase. In the world, the agrochemical 
consumption is increasing by about 3% to 4% per annum, whereas in India, we are increasing 
by almost 8% to 10% per annum. 
Harsh Beria: 
And sir, is there also a problem in end-market demand? So I understand that there is a lot of 
inventory in the channel, but is the end market or are the farmers picking up the products in 
similar lines since last year? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Yes, farmers are picking up sir, but because there's a lot of inventory that has to get consumed. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Shah from GeeCee Holdings. 
Karan Shah: 
I just wanted to understand where are we on the Hamirpur plant, like the product that we were 
planning to finalize the chemistry, we were planning to finalize? Have we processed anything 
for that? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Sir, at Hamirpur plant, we have already planned 1 molecule and the plant construction is in 
progress there. And as informed earlier also that we would be commissioning this plant in the 
last quarter of this financial year. And we would be building them as the block-wise structure 
would be there. So first block would be ready by this financial year. And then we will be working 
on other molecules also and the engineering is going on for other molecules. And first molecule, 
the chemistry, the plant is under erection now. 
Karan Shah: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, the 2,000 metric tonnes that we plan to add which will come by FY24 end, 
would it be for similar category of products in which we are right now? Or again, new products 
will be introduced from there? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Here, we would be introducing 1 intermediate because in one product, we have backward 
integrated and 1 intermediate we will be producing and we would be increasing the capacity of 
one of our existing products. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Beria, who's an individual investor. 
Harsh Beria: 
My next question is about our product pipeline. So traditionally, we have been manufacturing 
very low-priced product, so something between $2 to $5 per kg. Incrementally, will we be doing 
these kinds of products? Or do you want to increase our realizations for products as we go into 
newer products, as we launch newer Technicals? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Well, the pricing is no bar for us, because we have products ranging from $2-$3 to $100. So we 
have that complete range of products. In higher-priced molecules, the percentage margin slightly 
gets affected. That's what is our experience. 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
 
But we have a lot of molecules of the range at $20, $30, $40, $50 like that we have. And new 
products also, we are adding almost 1 new very small molecule, which we have recently added, 
which we are selling at almost $120. 
Harsh Beria: 
Sir, as you said, like in a higher-cost products or higher realization products, we make lower 
percentage margins. Why is this the case? Does the customer want us to have a constant margin 
per kg or something like that? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Sir, what happens, if we want to take a 20% margin on a price for $60, it will be $12. So $12, 
they will say it is too much. The customers, the MNCs, when they calculate the cost of the raw 
material and the conversion costs and when they want the margin $12, they feel like we are 
charging too much, that's what they feel, in general. But in a low-value product like $5, then 
they don't question so much. 
Harsh Beria: 
And sir, as we scale up, as we introduce newer products, how will we maintain our margins? 
Because like I understand your concern or how the customers say this, but like what do you think 
of the longer term? Like can we make 20-25% margins in our newer products? 
S.P. Gupta: 
The products we are manufacturing in pipeline, so we are planning 20% EBITDA for our newer 
product also. Currently, the situation is difficult. So we are not able to achieve for this year. 
Otherwise, in next year onwards, our EBITDA expectation is between 20% to 22%. 
Harsh Beria: 
And sir, earlier, I think we used to say that we try to make products where we maintain at least 
gross margins of 50%. Is it possible to continue with this run rate in our newer products? 
S.P. Gupta: 
Now the margins have rationalized. Earlier supplies from China were very limited, so everybody 
was thinking we will be making such higher gross margins. So now we are targeting about gross 
margin in the range of 43% to 44% for next year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Lakhanpal from Darsh Capital. 
Siddharth Lakhanpal: 
I just wanted to know, in Q1, you had inventory losses of about Rs. 17 crores. And I think I 
missed your opening remarks. Have you had an additional Rs. 5 crores of losses in the inventory 
for this quarter? 
S.P. Gupta: 
Yes. This quarter, we have inventory loss of around Rs. 6 crores. 
Siddharth Lakhanpal: 
Okay. And how much has that brought our EBITDA margins down by? 
S.P. Gupta: 
Rs. 22 crores inventory loss, we have taken on the sales of 400 crores, it is around 500 basis 
points EBITDA margin has declined. 
Siddharth Lakhanpal: 
So do you foresee further inventory losses in the next quarters or H2? 
S.P. Gupta: 
We have now the very small old inventory lying with us. So we do not see any inventory loss, 
except for 1% or 2%. 
Siddharth Lakhanpal: 
So the EBITDA margin should come back to about 16% to 18% for the next 2 quarters, right? 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
S.P. Gupta: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next follow-up question is from the line of Mr. Harsh Beria. 
Harsh Beria: 
My next question is about our domestic Formulation business. Can you talk about the unit 
economics of this business? Like what are the kind of margins which we are making in domestic 
formulation? 
S.P. Gupta: 
Domestic formulation, our margins are slightly lower as compared to our Technicals margin. So 
they will be in the range of 15% to 18% EBITDA margin. 
Harsh Beria: 
And sir, is it the same in export formulations as well in line with domestic formulations, the 
margins? 
S.P. Gupta: 
We are exporting very negligible. So export market margins are higher, but volume, it's quite 
low. 
Harsh Beria: 
And so for our existing products, where we have good capacities, are we planning to have more 
registrations in potential geographies? Or are these largely penetrated across geographies? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
No, we are increasing our range of the registrations in the new regions also. We're expanding 
our portfolio as well as for the existing products, the new areas, registration work is already 
going on. We are identifying. We visit a lot of exhibitions and meet a lot of customers across 
the world. 
 
And we are trying to register our product in the unrepresented areas also and the work is already 
going on. Even for the new products, we are generating the data because what happens for 
registration, we have to generate the data first. So the data generation is also a part of the total 
technology development. So that also is taken care during the plant erection. And even for the 
new products, we are generating all the data required and to register our products at launch. 
Harsh Beria: 
How big is our presence in Latin America market? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Latin America, we have presence in Brazil. We have through from 2-3 of our customers. We 
don't have our own registration because we don't have only a subsidiary company there, but we 
have got registrations of our products through our customers as well as new registrations are 
also in development in Brazil, and we are also present in Mexico. We are present in Uruguay, 
Paraguay, Peru, Colombia, Cuba and registration work still going on for some more products 
there. 
Harsh Beria: 
Okay. And sir, what percentage of our business is coming from Latin America? 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Latin America business contributes almost about 8% to 10% for our Technical sales. We know 
that it is a good promising area. We are working more on this. Recently, we have been to Brazil 
and we are trying to register ourselves there are a few more products. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. 

India Pesticides Limited 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Dheeraj Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you very much for your participation. For any further queries or clarifications, 
please do get in touch with our Investor Relations team. Thank you. Have a nice day. 
 
