 
 
 
 
SIS Limited 
Address for correspondence: #106, 1st Floor, Ramanashree Arcade, 18 MG Road, Bangalore- 560 001, Karnataka 
Registered office: Annapoorna Bhawan, Patliputra Telephone Exchange Road, Kurji, Patna 800 010 Bihar 
Website: www.sisindia.com Tel: +91 80 2559 0801 E-mail ID: compliance1@sisindia.com 
CIN: L75230BR1985PLC002083 
 
Date: October 09, 2023 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
 
 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
Dalal Street 
Bandra (E), Mumbai-400051  
 
 
Mumbai-400001 
 
Company Symbol: SIS 
 
 
 
Company Code: 540673 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.:  Transcript and Video Recording – Analyst Meet 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
 
Regulations, 2015 
 
In continuation to our letter dated September 15, 2023, please find enclosed the transcript of 
the analyst meet held on October 3, 2023. 
Further, video recording and transcript of the event are available on the  Company’s website at 
https://sisindia.com/investor-presentation/. 
Kindly take note of the same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
 
For SIS Limited 
 
 
 
Pushpalatha K 
Company Secretary 
PUSHPA 
LATHA 
KATKURI
Digitally signed 
by PUSHPA 
LATHA KATKURI 
Date: 2023.10.09 
17:58:19 +05'30'

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 1 of 28 
 
 
 
SIS Limited 
Investor and Analyst Meet FY24 
3rd October 2023, Sofitel, Mumbai BKC 
 
 
Management: 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha - Group Managing Director 
 
Dhiraj Singh - CEO SIS India 
 
Devesh Desai - Group CFO 
 
 
 
 
 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 2 of 28 
Shweta Jain: 
 Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to SIS's 2023 Investor and 
Analyst Meet. The last time we hosted an Analyst Day was way back 
in 2019, so it's really great to see everyone here in person. Thank you 
for your time and for your presence here. I hope you have all had the 
opportunity to browse through the kiosks, showcasing our solutions 
and the technology behind it. If not, please do so after the 
management presentation. 
 
There will be a Q&A session after the management presentation and 
as always, we will upload the presentation on the Investor Relations 
section of the website for you to download. May I remind you to turn 
your phones on silent mode.  
 
The management for SIS is represented by Rituraj Sinha, the Group 
Managing Director. We have with us the Group CFO, Devesh Desai. 
We also have with us the India CEO, Dhiraj Singh, and Bharat 
Bakhshi, the President M&A, IR & Ventures.  
 
I now invite Rituraj for his opening comments. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Hello everyone, a very good evening. And once again, a big thank you 
for coming all the way to join this session today. I'll tell you the good 
news first up. I'm going to keep it really brief and then Dhiraj will 
follow up with a quick run through slides. I'm sure you can see the 
slides in your own free time. We try and use the time for Q&A which 
I guess is what interests most of you.  
 
So just as opening thoughts, when I was just on my flight here and 
they told me that before the slide deck, I need to say something. I was 
just thinking that October 2023 actually marks exactly six years since 
we got listed. And time has flown like it always does. And I was just 
trying to recap few things that I have been saying repeatedly since the 
IPO roadshow, all through this six-year journey. And maybe do a 
quick update on those aspects for you. 
 
Some of you who have been covering SIS for a while must be familiar 
with this. For others, I'm sure it'll be more refreshing. But since the 
IPO roadshow, we got involved in the roadshow just pre-Demon. And 
at that point in time, it was quite hard to explain what we really do as a 
business because there was no listed peer in the true sense. And 
obviously the roadshow was less about the business and more about 
the industry itself and the prospects of the industry. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 3 of 28 
 
And through this period, I've said a bunch of things and just recapping 
how we've done and please don't take this out of context, but I'll just 
sort of verbatim repeat some of the things that I have said to the 
investor, analyst community in our past interactions.  
 
So, I remember once when we were getting listed in the initial period, 
one big question was, how are you different from staffing? And that 
question would come up all the time and I would say that the 
fundamental difference is that we have recession resistant demand 
which basically means when COVID happens, demand for Security, 
Facility Management, Cash Management increases in most places 
because we are an essential service provider as against staffing where 
demand drops. We have a very interesting correlation with the 
economic cycle where when the economy develops at 6%, we grow 
15%, 20% and when the economy declines 6%, 7%, we still maintain 
1%, 2%, 3% growth. 
 
So I've been saying this and I'm glad that in some way COVID helped 
us demonstrate that in the real world, that theory and concept and if I 
take you back in 2017, when we came to the roadshow, we were a 
₹4,000-odd crore company. And in the six years, we are now a 
₹11,000-odd crore company ballpark despite COVID and the various 
developments that have happened in the middle. So that says a thing 
or two about the resilience and predictability of this segment. 
 
The second thing I've always said that, at least for me as a 70% 
plus owner in the business, I invest in this business, or I like this 
business because it's high growth with high ROCE. This is not a high-
margin business. This is not a double-digit margin business. It is just a 
high-growth, high ROCE, high cash business. Right, and I'm so happy 
that since listing to 2017 to 2022, six years, through the various cycles 
of COVID, et cetera,, we have maintained a ballpark return profile of 
20%, 18%, 21%, hovering around that 20%. 
 
So, we've demonstrated the fact that we are a high growth, high ROCE 
business. The only form of capital required in the business is working 
capital. So, when COVID happens and you slow down growth, the 
working capital requirement shrinks and therefore your return profile 
is maintained. When you grow faster, you need more working capital, 
but then again, the ROCE plays out in a similar fashion. So ballpark, if 
you're running this business right, you should be looking at a 20% 
return profile in this space. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 4 of 28 
 
The third thing I've always said that we are not a Security 
company, we are not just a Facility Management company, we are not 
just a Cash company. We see ourselves as a platform. I remember in 
2017, during my IPO roadshows most people thought it's a Security 
company trying to do a few other things. Everything is option value. 
Today six years later, I'm very happy that people have acquired a 
sudden interest in our Cash business, also a sudden interest in our 
Facility Management business. So, some of that platform story, that, I 
mean Kashyap is sitting here, he used to be the lead banker on my IPO 
deal and I remember it was so hard to explain why we are a platform 
and how these things will build out etc., etc. But today we are the 
largest Security company in India and not just the largest, we are 
largest, we are ahead of the next competitor  by roughly 30%. So that's 
a reasonable lead. In the Facility Management space, one of our 
friends here was just mentioning that UDS is getting listed. I wish 
them all good luck. 
 
I'm happy to get some pure play Facility Management companies 
in the game. But if you talk about purely Facility Management, not 
ambulance management service and dial 100 service and background 
check service and blah, blah, if you remove all of that pure Facility 
Management, we are the largest FM company in this country, run 
rating more than ₹2,000 crore in revenue now. And we are pretty sure 
that over the next few years, we will build a significant delta between 
the number two player and us. So, it will become more evident. 
 
Third, our Cash Logistics business is the second largest in the country, 
suddenly we had a spurt of listings in the cash space. So it caught 
people's eye. But our cash business is 15% plus EBITDA margin 
business. No, it is not 30% EBITDA margin. I don't see us getting to 
30%. But we are a 15% to 20% EBITDA margin business. More 
importantly, we are a 10% profit after-tax business fo FY24. It is the 
second largest and it is the fastest growing in the space. It's a clear 
number two. So, the whole platform story that I was looking to pitch 
during IPO didn't find many takers. But now I guess the story is a little 
bit more evident. And people who have been following SIS would 
recognize that. 
 
The fourth, a lot of times people question saying, way back when 
we were listing, close to 60% of our revenues came from international 
markets. So, a lot of people have questioned that, you're an 
international company, why should you be considered in terms of 
Indian multiples, etc. I'm very happy to say that share of profit wise, 
I'd say the International business is now sub 40% and it's rapidly 
moving towards sub 30%. So, it's no longer the color it looked like 
when we were trying to list. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 5 of 28 
 
I believe the International business is a natural hedge. It's very good. 
The COVID years established that. International business was the 
reason why in the first year of COVID, SIS grew 7% and in the 
second year of COVID, we grew 10% that was principally because the 
International business grew more than 20% on the back of COVID 
contracts and stupendous margins. So, we were intact through the 
COVID period, because International business is a natural hedge to 
India, and that was demonstrated during COVID. Nonetheless, I see 
International revenues and profits moving closer towards 30% or 
lower in near term. 
 
Point number five, we are a cash generating business. Since IPO, we 
have returned ₹260 crore cash to our shareholders through dividends 
and buybacks. In our type of industry, ₹260 crore is a reasonable 
number. And if you look at it in terms of OCF/EBITDA, we have 
generated 60% operating cash to EBITDA, that's like a very high level 
six-year average. Some years it's been 35%, some years it's been 
120%, but ballpark 50%, 60% OCF/EBITDA has been maintained. 
So, we've regularly churned out cash and also given a large part of it 
back to our shareholders. 
 
Now, the sixth part, we haven't been able to talk a lot about Vision '25. 
I did start mentioning it in my one-to-one meetings, but I'm very 
happy that our Vision 2025, despite the COVID disruption has played 
along quite neatly, below expectations, below original plan, but still 
given the circumstances its played well, it had two components, one to 
build market share. We are number one, but we are number one with 
only 4% market share. We want to be number one with 10% market 
share at least. So, the whole push was to gain market share and the 
second was to migrate from ‘services’ to ‘solutions’. Basically, using 
more technology, more automation to charge a premium and do a 
more sophisticated service delivery not just manpower. On both those 
platforms we have done well, and as I wrap up, I think on all these 
counts, SIS has maintained close to 18% to 20% growth, we have 
maintained 20% ROCE,  we have maintained greater than 50% 
OCF/EBITDA, pretty much all that we wanted to do at the time of 
listing itself.  
 
And now as I look ahead, I think India is in its best cycle for our 
business, and I see two reasons. Number one, the economic activity in 
capex is reviving on the back of government capex and private capex. 
So, every building that is coming up, every metro, every mall, every 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 6 of 28 
factory, any construction, every square feet constructed, needs 
somebody to secure it, somebody to clean it, some cameras, some 
basic services are required. So, every square feet built in this country 
will need somebody like us to provide maintenance services. 
 
And I think the volume, the sheer size of the market is growing 
exponentially, and the second big driver is that sooner than later, there 
will be a massive wage correction wave, which I anticipate, which will 
mean that all your existing contracts will get uprated. For the same 
contract to the same Sofitel hotel for the same manpower. If minimum 
wage goes up by 10%. We pass through that 10% to Sofitel hotel, and 
if we had an 8% markup on that, we get 8% on that additional 10%. 
 
So, one, volume is increasing; second, price is likely to go up and I 
think we are entering the golden phase of this sector and myself and 
my team are super excited. That's why we are building all these new 
businesses, new technologies to help us scale.  
 
 And if there is one concluding thought that comes to my mind is that 
as you look to SIS in the future, you should look at an enterprise 
which is looking to build three $1 billion businesses out of this 
ecosystem.  
 
Thank you very much. Over to Dhiraj. He will run you through the 
slides. Thank you. 
Dhiraj Singh: 
Thank you, Rituraj. We have a lot of content in our slides. Obviously, 
we wanted to share so much. And I hope you got the chance to see 
some of the demonstrations of our real life business in the standees, if 
not, you can see that later. But I'll quickly run through the summary 
part of most of the slides. So, these are the agenda items for today. 
You met the participants.  
 
 So, we are the fastest growing Security and Facility Management 
Company. We are the number one in Security and now in Facility 
Management also. Number two in Cash logistics. Number one in 
Australia in Security. And in the top five in New Zealand and top five 
in Singapore. 
 
If you look at the summary of our business, there are not too many 
businesses that have been around for 40 years, that have more than a 
billion dollars in revenue, which has about almost 3 lakh people, 
almost 95% client retention rates. Offices all across the country 
covering every district in India with 340 plus branches, delivering an 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 7 of 28 
average ROCE of about 19%. Average OCF/EBITDA of about 60%. 
Revenues almost doubling in five, six years. PAT also going up more 
than double. 20,000 plus B2B clients. So that's the platform that 
Rituraj was talking about. We have a very large B2B platform right 
now. And delivering about 70,000 customer sites. Summary of this, 
there's a lot of intrinsic strength that's been built as a platform. And the 
numbers also reflect that. You're aware of the numbers.  
 
 Our revenues have definitely reached our expectations. Margin has 
taken a dip, largely because we continued our investment during 
COVID. We continue to invest in a lot of technology. But we are 
seeing sharp rebounds, especially in our Security business, which has 
gone up from 4.3% to 5.4% margin in just 1.5 financial years. And the 
other businesses are now following a similar trend. 
 
We talked about the solutions mindset. Each of our segments, the key 
message that we are giving to internal people and to our clients, that 
we are not a manpower company by far. We are not just a services 
provider. We are a solutions provider. In Security, it is about 
providing a holistic Security solution for a client. Can be right from 
the risk assessment, consulting, investigation, to all the technology 
that's deployed both internally and externally, and of course the 
manpower part. So, this is just a list of things we deploy both 
internally as well as for the external customer. 
 
We look at a lot of tools that are probably unknown to many of you 
here and those who can we'd like to invite you to our offices to have a 
firsthand look at it. But these are some of the applications, ‘MySIS’, 
these are all in-house developed propriety systems. ‘MySIS’ is for 
attendance, mTrainer is the digital training program that we have. The 
automated recruitment kiosk (ARK) and ‘IOPS’ for operations 
productivity. All of them have very, very specific tangible benefits not 
just to clients, but in our own operations productivity and efficiency. 
 
It would be unfair not to talk about the people part in our business. 
People are the real capital in our business and I'm proud to say that 
we've paid a lot of emphasis to the development part not just for our 
non-billing staff, but even for our billing staff, people on the ground. 
We have a very, very stable management and leadership team, unlike 
many of our peers in the market. We have a management team with 
average of about 30 plus years of experience, mid-senior management 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 8 of 28 
with almost 15 years and all our senior leadership across all SBUs 
have stayed with us for at least seven years to my latest knowledge. 
That is a sign of stability that we have. 
 
Safety and well-being, ESG, EHS, these are not just buzzwords for us, 
these are things that we practice on ground, and we pay a lot of 
emphasis not just during COVID times, but during normal times too, 
and therefore we were recognized by GPTW also as one of the top 
five great places to work in India.  
 
What are the drivers for growth? Rituraj talked about the minimum 
wage. That is the easy fixed annual that we do get the benefit from. 
Rapid urbanization that is happening. You come to Delhi, and you'll 
see so many buildings coming up again. And that's not just in the large 
cities, but it is extended now to the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities. All of these 
cities where we have a strong presence. 
 
We are looking at now cross selling. We have three large platforms 
and we are now engaging in specific activities and projects for doing a 
lot of cross selling for bringing the ‘One SIS’ platform where we can 
offer all our services under one umbrella to our clients. And going 
after the top 1,000 companies in India. So that is the real market share 
that we want to establish in future. The new sectors that are coming 
up. Residential is a new sector that we want to focus on, in 
commercial offices and data centers, mining, in the manufacturing 
side. So, these are new sectors that we have entered, and we've entered 
very strongly.  
 
I won't go into the macro details; you know about the macro data for 
India how it's; so that's the public and private expenditure that will 
definitely be a key driver. Industry consolidation, yes, has been a little 
slow, unorganized to organized, but with the new labor codes the 
compliance requirements will be higher, and that shift will happen 
more so. 
 
So, coming to the specific verticals; - Security Solutions India, this 
business is now by far the largest and these are the data for the 
business, but the key number to look at is the increasing trend in the 
EBITDA margin percentage. That has been our key focus and we have 
experimented in the securities vertical, which the learnings we are 
going to carry forward to our other verticals. So, the numbers have 
grown from 4.3% to 5.4% in Q1 of this year and we expect the trend 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 9 of 28 
to continue. There are a lot of margin initiatives that we have 
embarked upon for new contracts, existing contracts. We are looking 
probably with the maximum lens for the first time for our SG&A cost, 
and there is a lot of opportunity, because we focused more on the 
growth in the past few years. Now is the time to do a little step back 
and consolidate our back end, look at the synergies and optimize our 
SG&A. And that is an opportunity for the future. And we are already 
reaping the benefits of some of them. 
 
VProtect is a business, I think I saw the kiosk out here. This is a 
business which we call alarm monitoring response services. It has 
huge value generation capacity. We started this five years ago. And in 
five years, I'm very proud to say that we are now the market leader in 
the e-surveillance market in India. We have delivered more than 
17,000 sites as of now. We have an order book of more than 22,000 
sites. So, this business is poised to grow by leaps and bounds, not just 
in the B2B market, but we will explore the B2C side also where 
there's no competition at all and there's demand. 
 
In the Security Solutions – International business, we are number one 
in Australia, top five in New Zealand, top five in Singapore, as I 
mentioned. We don't want to go to other countries. We are 
consolidating in these markets. A lot of times we've been asked why 
international? Rituraj touched upon some of them. It is a great hedge 
for our overall global business, we saw that during the COVID period. 
Even in these markets where the GDP growth is in the 4% to 5% 
range or lower, we've always been growing at the high single-digits. 
 
Inorganic opportunities come at far more attractive valuations and 
returns than in other parts of the world. The working capital cycle, the 
numbers are evident. We work on an average DSO of about 55. And 
obviously the access to low-cost funding, which helps us as a group. 
These are just some of the advantages, there are host of other 
advantages like expertise in airports, etc., etc. Fundamentally, it's a 
stable, solid business. We work under different brands. In Australia, 
it's MSS and SXP and SDS. And the new markets that we entered, for 
example, New Zealand, within five years, we are on track to grow 
more than 5x. So that's the kind of growth we can drive even in 
International markets.  
 
Henderson, we have no hesitation in admitting, we made a few 
mistakes, but we are learning from our mistakes. And we are on the 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 10 of 28 
path to profitability there. It's been a great turnaround. It's still work-
in-progress. But we were hit by COVID. We were hit by 
unprecedented wage increases, which impacted our existing contracts 
in Singapore. But our team has been working actively on all fronts, 
and the turnaround is getting more and more evident.  
 
Facility Management has been one of the rising stars for the overall 
group in the past few years. And not without reason, Facility 
Management is anything non-core to a business. Clients focus on the 
core business. Everything else is outsourced. So if we take the hospital 
sector, for example, the potential to grow compared to a per capita 
hospital numbers is almost 10x compared to China. 
 
We as a group, we are working in more than 450 hospitals in India. 
And we are the market leader. So that is the room for expansion in just 
one sector. And similarly, we are market leaders in many other such 
growing sectors. Facility Management grew very rapidly during the 
COVID period also. Margin has taken a dip for various reasons, but 
it's stabilizing. And in Q3 and Q4, we expect to be moving upwards 
significantly. 
 
Cash management has been a great turnaround story. If you look at the 
growth in revenue, it's grown almost 2x in the past three years. PAT 
has been more impressive almost 2.5x. The PAT percentage has 
grown by almost 630 basis points. And in all of this, the ROCE and 
ROE has seen a healthy around 19%, 20%. At the same time in Cash 
business, what has helped is we are moving away from the ATM 
business, towards more other value-added services. We are focusing 
more on cluster density, resulting in productivity. The tariff increases 
by the RBI, that's helped. We have far lower insurance costs now, far 
lower losses. All of these things have helped in this turnaround story. 
So, this is just a chart of how we've been growing on other non-core 
traditional services, new innovative solutions that are centered around 
what we call ‘BOSS’ - Bank Outsourcing Services & Solutions. And it 
has grown while at a CAGR of almost 17x in just five years, but this is 
still small to what we expect to happen in the near future.  
 
M&A engine, we have been out of the news in the M&A side for the 
past three, four years for obvious reasons. You should hear some of it 
again in the coming months, but we've demonstrated our ability to 
acquire good businesses and then derive value from it, make it grow 
much faster than it was. These are some examples, but before that, we 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 11 of 28 
have a very strict criteria of what we look at, not less than 20% IRR. 
 It has to meet one of our thesis of either enhancing our market share, 
bringing a specific skill or solution or capability, or geographical 
footprint expansion. We have a structure in which we do our M&A 
deals, which protects us as well as gives an incentive to the promoters 
to align with the growth together with us.  
 
So ‘WeProtect’, we bought the 50% stake from Prosegur. We pivoted 
the business model, focused largely on B2B, and we've achieved in 
just three years, a CAGR of almost 70% and reaching almost ₹100 
crore in this year, that's a phenomenal achievement. Security Solutions 
International, I talked about earlier, is almost 4.5x, 5x growth in just 
four to five years. DTSS, when we acquired, I think it was actually 
less than ₹300 crore, but in that financial year, that was about ₹380 
crore. It's clocked ₹1,100 crore. So, we have that, you might call it the 
secret sauce of acquiring businesses, integrating it, keeping people 
incentivized, motivating them, and then driving the growth path.  
 
So that's the summary, I think Rituraj will also talk what will help in 
the future. But many of this we'll be happy to take in the Q&A. Thank 
you so much.  
Question-and-Answer Session: 
Shweta Jain: 
Thank you, Dhiraj for the insightful presentation. We will now open 
the floor for questions and answers. 
Pritesh Vora: 
This is Pritesh Vora here from this side sir. Sir, can you talk about our 
debt and like long-term debt and short-term debt. What is the history 
behind it? Is it the acquisition led debt or and how do you see the debt 
level going forward?  
Dhiraj Singh:  
So, Devesh has arrived just in time to answer that. 
Devesh Desai: 
Okay, so the debt is mainly of two parts. One is short-term debt which 
is working capital. Mainly we have the working capital in India 
because it's high growth and in the past, we've invested a lot in the 
working capital and we've taken short-term debt from the banks, 
mostly the cash credit and the working capital demand loan facilities 
in order to optimize the interest cost.  
 
Long-term debt is primarily used for two purposes. One is for 
customer installation - Capex in the Facility Management business, in 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 12 of 28 
the VProtect business. We have to install our equipment at the 
customer sites, and we fund it through borrowing and amortizing it 
over the tenure of the contract and match it with the loan tenure, so 
that there's a full matching between asset and liability. And in the 
International business and the NCD program in India, the long-term 
debt has been taken for funding acquisitions. And so that's the way 
we've generally played out our debt plan. 
Shweta Jain: 
If you have any questions, please raise your hand. I think we have a 
question there. 
Ganesh: 
So can I go ahead? 
Shweta Jain: 
Sure. 
Ganesh: 
Ganesh here. So, I just wanted to know about your Cash Logistics 
business. So, there is SIS-Prosegur and there is another Company, SIS 
Cash Logistics. So how do you differentiate? Is there any overlap 
between the two companies and what do they cater to? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Well, it's a little bit of history. We set up a, the original company was 
called SIS Cash, which we own 100%. And then Prosegur came on as 
a joint venture partner. So that became the joint venture company. 
And then both partners together through the JV company acquired in 
2014 another company called Cisco. It was erstwhile SDB company. 
So we left it as two different legal entities because one was more 
focused on the South part of India. and the other one was more North 
and East. But that's history now. What's happened since 2016 is that 
we completely, operationally merged the operation. There is no 
duplication of back office, there is no duplication of branches, there is 
no duplication of even routes. They share routes. So, it's fully 
synergized business. It's just that we maintain separate legal entities. 
At some point in time, we will consider merging the legal entities as 
well. But you should see it as one business which is fully synergized. 
Ganesh: 
A follow-up on that, since this is our main business, I mean the 
growth-wise, also EBITDA wise, are we looking to increase our stake 
in this business from Prosegur, I mean increasing the stake of SIS? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: No, we're not looking to increase the stake. But yes, we will look at 
opportunities to monetize. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 13 of 28 
Ganesh: 
Okay, sir. And my last question on this would be with respect to ATM 
services. So, some of the companies in this area are stating that they 
can manage ATM right from the software end. So can you just 
comment on our capabilities to compete with them? Thank you. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Don't see us as an ATM services player. Other listed companies in this 
space draw 80% of their revenues from ATM servicing. We draw 18% 
of our revenues from ATM servicing. You know what Dhiraj was 
explaining, we are basically a Bank outsourcing services business. We 
have less than 18% exposure to ATMs. We believe that ATMs are on 
the decline. Currency in circulation is not. But ATMs are on the 
decline. Number of ATMs is not growing. Transactions per ATM per 
day is not growing and amount of money drawn from ATMs is not 
growing. So, certainly ATMs are on the decline quite clearly and we 
took a considered call starting 2018 post-demon to move away from 
ATMs and build a business which is non-ATM reliant. So, I think 
we're quite safe there and that's also the reason why SIS-Prosegur 
compared to its listed peers has grown better in the last two fiscals 
FY22 and FY23. 
Shweta Jain: 
May I request you to introduce yourself before your question? 
Bhavik Dave: 
Yeah, sure. Hi, this is Bhavik from Nippon. So, sir a couple of 
questions. One is I remember initially we used to talk about cross-
selling in terms of the deepening of existing client relationships. If we 
can just talk about where we are on that journey. Point number two is 
on the Security management front, we used to have an alarm solutions 
that we used to work with, and that was a high margin business. It was 
a very small part of the business couple of years ago, where have we 
reached? Where do we see ourselves in that business over the next 
couple of years? Because that will help our margins to go up. And 
lastly on this, Security Management and the Facility Management, 
EBITDA margins. When can we hit that 6% and above, which we 
used to be pre-COVID like what would be the journey? Will it be FY 
24 end, or will it be FY25 when we reach there? 
Dhiraj Singh: 
So, on your first question about, well, I'll take the VProtect part, 
Alarms Monitoring. As I was mentioning in my presentation, we are 
going to be India's largest e-surveillance company in this year, largely 
on the back of B2B. But very few people are aware that we've now 
built a portfolio of more than 2,000 B2C clients just in the Gurgaon, 
Delhi, NCR region. No Company in the history had crossed more than 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 14 of 28 
500. And we’ve done that in the past three, four years. So that 
business continues to grow on a run rating of more than 20% 
EBITDA. So, as you said, it’s a high EBITDA contribution. So both 
on the growth side as well as EBITDA side, we’ve demonstrated what 
we set it out to be. 
 
On the cross-selling part, that is a clear focus now. There are low 
hanging fruits. We had a cross selling % for the top 2,000 clients of 
about 4.5% till about 1.5, two years ago. We are now at about 6.5%. 
So, the improvement is still slow. We have a lot of room to grow. That 
is an opportunity. We are on that path. 
 
Regarding the margin part, I think we've covered, but we've been 
given the guidance that around the Q4 and early part of next year, we 
should be around the pre-COVID levels for most of our businesses.  
Bhavik Dave: 
And lastly on the M&A, you mentioned we've been out of the M&A 
market for the last two, three years, rightly so if we can just explain, 
and you mentioned that International will as a proportion keep going 
down. So that means there will be some M&A in the domestic 
business. So, anything on that front, what are we looking at? Is 
anything on the Cards, Security, Facility Management? Which part of 
the business are we looking to add in terms of when we talk about 
M&A? And how big will that be in the sense, how much more debt 
can we take on a balance sheet, because it consistent around the ₹900 - 
₹1,000 crore number? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Well, as SIS has had a track record of acquiring companies, and I 
think we acquired the first company in 2008. And since then, we 
would have acquired more than 10 companies in India and overseas. 
Our M&A engine is effectively shut since COVID. Principal reason 
was that we needed to work off a sustainable earning number, 
sustainable EBITDA to be able to value anything. And FY23 was 
been the first year when there was no COVID related disruption. So, 
before that people were saying that because of COVID our numbers 
are down, hard to value, then people had temporary contracts so their 
numbers were looking very pretty, not sustainable, so hard to value. 
So, we've taken our time to wait. 
 
Number two, we don't buy what's on sale. We actually have a list of 
10 to 15 companies in all our sectors that we track very closely. We 
track them over five years, 10 years. There's no rush, we maintain the 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 15 of 28 
equation. And as and when they come to market, we will look to 
pursue. So at this point in time, we are looking to pursue deals which 
allow us to move up the value chain in Facility Management. I'll talk 
more about it, but I think there are certain segments of FM space. Like 
healthcare FM was a massive opportunity and we spotted it early, we 
acquired ‘Rare’, which was a smallish business, but it was a 
predominant operator in healthcare. And I think that really, really 
helped during COVID years. 
 
Right now, we are looking at certain other niche areas in the FM play, 
where we see a massive opportunity in the next five to 10 years. So 
the deal size is not going to be humongous, but we know we're 
looking at accretive transactions. And overall, you must remember 
that our focus in terms of M&A is India.  
Bhavik Dave: 
And Facility Management. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: No, not really like it could be Security, it could be FM, it could be 
Cash. It won't be outside these three domains. So, the first rule is we 
don't buy what we don't know. That's the first rule. We are not experts 
at everything, we don't buy what we don't know. Number two, when 
we acquire, Dhiraj, put out the base case IRR thresholds that we have. 
And number three, the rational. Rational has three components. It has 
to increase my market share in an attractive market in the sense that 
India is growing at 15%, 20%. But several pockets in India are 
growing 30% year-on-year. So anything that allows me to consolidate 
market share in those seven pockets I will buy. Similarly, everything 
in India is growing, but there are things like healthcare, residential, 
etc., etc. which are growing where the CapEx spend allocation is 
significantly higher. They are building like premium real estate and 
therefore is very attractive. 
 
So, we acquire market share in a customer segment. Not just in a 
geography, in a segment. And third thing like Dhiraj explained, 
acquiring service portfolio gaps, services that we currently don’t offer, 
but are within our gamut. So, we acquire for these reasons and I think 
we have a sort of a tried and tested approach which worked well for us 
even during COVID. I mean just to put facts on the table. During 
COVID years, we did settlement of four M&A transactions where we 
made the last parts of the payment, and because our deal structure was 
linked around the earnings, we did not get washed away because of 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 16 of 28 
pre-COVID commitments. So I think we have a fair bit of experience 
here, but baby steps and India focused. 
Bhavik Dave: 
Thanks. 
Atul Mehra: 
Yeah, hi. Atul Mehra, Motilal Oswal Asset Management. Just one 
question on the margin side. So, what has really led to decline in 
margins for the last three to four years? And in your opinion, as you 
say, that these margins will increase going forward, what are the 
sustainable trends that you see, which lead you to this belief around 
much better margins going forward? Thanks. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: So, I think SIS was maintaining 6% plus margin in India and roughly 
4% margin International markets pre-COVID. That was FY20 last 
quarter. Through the COVID period, the impact on our business was 
very limited. In India, revenue decline was only marginal. FM was 
sharper, but other businesses didn't lose much. What really happened 
is that even as we were able to fend off the price reduction pressure, 
because we became essential services during lockdown, etc., we were 
operating where our customers were locked in their houses. You 
know, we fended off the pressure to reduce our pricing. We protected 
our gross margin.  But then there were a lot of COVID-related 
expenses, like vaccinating 2,83,000 people, just giving out masks to 
2,83,000 people at regular intervals. If you multiply that cost, they just 
blow out completely. So, there were a lot of COVID-related expenses 
initially, but the other travel and other GA expenses had shrunk. Then 
came a phase where the COVID-related expenses went away, but the 
GA completely came back full strong, and we also invested a lot in 
sales force and everything to pump the business back on. 
 
So, I think there’s been a lot of turbulence in the below gross margin 
line section, but that’s behind us. I think what’s important is that India 
Security has demonstrated its ability to move from roughly 4% 
EBITDA margin few quarters back to close to 5.5% already. So they 
are well on their way to get to 6%. I don’t see any reason why India 
Security should have that problem. FM is moving along a little slower. 
FM has taken on certain bad contracts in the desire to bounce back 
post-COVID, which were not intelligent calls, and they are paying a 
price for that. So that will take a little bit more time to clear out. But I 
still believe that whatever damage is there on the gross margin line of 
FM is recoverable. It’s like 1%, 1.5% at max. And then SG&A will 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 17 of 28 
level out as they grow. They should come in the 6% range, but it’ll 
take a little longer. 
 
The Cash business has been intact around 15% EBITDA margin 
throughout, so there was no compression there. And the International 
business has gone back to its historical reality of ballpark 4% between 
4% and 4.5%. So overall if you ask me, I don’t see any reason why we 
would not go back to pre-COVID level of margins. If you tell me 
which date, if you ask me that, that’s a little hard to call out, but I 
think you should focus more on the trend and that should give you 
enough directional comfort. 
Atul Mehra: 
Thank you. 
Mohit Surana: 
Sir this is Mohit from AlphaBox Advisors. Again, on margins front. 
Just comparing with global peers, because there are no listed Security 
peers in India. So, I was looking at Securitas AB as well as ALSOK in 
Japan. Their EBITDA margins are comparatively very high at least 
500 to 700 basis points higher than SIS for Security services or Cash 
logistics, International or India business. I just wanted to understand 
why there is such a steep gap between the India business and... 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: How much did you say Securitas EBITDA was? 
Mohit Surana: 
It's at least 500 basis points higher than SIS. It's on an average for last 
seven years. 
 Devesh Desai: 
Sir, that’s been just in 10.5% 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: 10.5%? 
Mohit Surana: 
Yes. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: I think you should go back and check your numbers. I will sell SIS 
and buy a Securitas stock! 
Mohit Surana: 
If that's the case… 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Sir historical numbers in this space EBITDA margin wise are ballpark 
5% to 6% for G4S and Securitas. The Cash business like Prosegur 
Cash business will report close to 10% EBITDA margin. If you look 
at our Cash business, we are doing 15%. If you look at our FM and 
Security business, we were doing 6%. So, we are not materially 
different from International per se. But I will send you the notes. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 18 of 28 
Mohit Surana: 
Sure. We can exchange our notes later on. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Yeah. But I'm pretty sure that Securitas is not double-digit margin 
business. 
Mohit Surana: 
Maybe. Okay, I'll get back to you on this. I have just one more 
question. Since because of our focus on tech, just wanted to know how 
much is the revenue contribution from the tech-enabled solutions and 
where do we see it going over the next two, three years? How much 
will the contribution be going forward? 
Dhiraj Singh: 
So, as we expected the EBITDA contribution from tech is more and 
we are tracking both the revenue and the EBITDA contribution. As of 
now, the revenue contribution is just in the high single-digits and the 
EBITDA contribution is now more than in the double-digits for sure. 
Mohit Surana: 
Thank you. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: We will be reporting that shortly;. 
Ganesh: 
Hi, this is Ganesh again. So I wanted to know, to get a flavor about 
this 80CC and JJAA. Does our competition, local competition also 
have this kind of benefit? And if yes, ideally speaking after 2020, 
2019 say the increase in, the market share gains should have been 
higher. So can you just give me some flavor around this? 
Devesh Desai: 
So, I don't understand the correlation between market share and 
80JJAA? 
Ganesh: 
In the sense sir, what I wanted to emphasize is that if suppose they 
don't have this benefit, we should be able to push them out of market 
in terms of pricing because we have that. 
Devesh Desai: 
So, let's understand what 80JJAA is. 80JJAA is like a tax break, if you 
have a net increase in the number of employees at the end of the year 
compared to the beginning of the year. And that's when you get an 
80JJAA benefit. It is not restricted to Security or FM business. It is 
across the board. Every Company, every sector in the country is 
eligible for this benefit, provided they meet certain criteria. 
 
The basic criteria is that the net number of employees at the end of the 
year should be more than that at the beginning of the year. The salary 
should be less than ₹25,000 on average per month. They must have 
spent 240 days in your business consecutively, either over one year or 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 19 of 28 
over two consecutive financial years. They must be new entrants into 
the workforce. And they should be paid by a Bank transfer only. So 
there are multiple conditions to be met. Any reasonably sized 
Company, any reasonably organized Company, if it's growing will end 
up meeting those conditions and end up getting these benefits, 
provided that average monthly salary is met.  
 
So, it's not that this is a tool to throw out competition or to increase 
market share. No, it's not really a tool for that. But this is an incentive 
which comes naturally because we grow naturally. We are not 
growing because of that, only because of the incentive. You're not 
recruiting people only because we're getting their incentive. We are 
getting the incentive because we're naturally growing our business and 
naturally recruiting more number of people to manage our business. 
Ganesh: 
That's what I meant to say, sir. Because we are a growing Company, it 
should be a virtuous cycle, right? Because our competitors are not 
growing to that extent. Similar, anyway, I got your point. 
Devesh Desai: 
So, they will not get that kind of benefit, they will get some benefit. 
Maybe not to the extent we get it. 
Ganesh: 
My related query was on the tax aspect of it. So how is this, we take 
the tax write-off in form of tax assets, and they are supposed to be 
written off in the future years, accounted for in the future years, how 
do we deal with it? 
Devesh Desai: 
Are you talking about the accounting treatment? 
Ganesh: 
Yeah, accounting treatment in the P&L? 
Devesh Desai: 
So fundamentally on 80JJAA, you get a benefit of 30% of the amount 
you have paid for those employees. You get a tax deduction every 
year for three years of 30% of the amount you have spent on those 
additional employees which have been recruited during the particular 
year. So every year you get basically a three year deduction from your 
income as long as this section continues. So, in FY24, I will get a 
deduction of 30% of what I spent in FY22, 30% of what I spent in 
FY23 and 30% of what I'm going to spend in FY24. Now, as far as 
accounting is concerned, because of the way the accounting standard 
reads, it says that any benefit which is related to the current year and 
which you will get in the subsequent years are to be treated as a 
deferred tax asset. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 20 of 28 
 
So, what we do is if I am going to get a ₹3 benefit, tax break in this 
year, I will take a ₹3 benefit this year and I will create a deferred tax 
asset of 3 into 2, ₹6. That deferred tax asset is brought down every 
year. So, every year what is happening is like a cycle. You keep on 
running the cycle and you keep on balancing it. So, every year on a 
net basis, on accounting treatment, you are only accounting for that 
year's benefit because the three years benefit has been accounted in the 
first year. So, that is how the accounting treatment works. 
Ganesh: 
Sir and my last question would be on the business structure of the 
Company as a whole. So, how do you see the cost structure of our 
Company in terms of fixed cost versus variable cost, can we model 
our Company as linearly growing where we grow with the number of 
employees or is there an inherent operating leverage in the cost 
structure? 
Dhiraj Singh: 
The entire services business works on the operating leverage as the 
primary advantage. And all our businesses are now reaching or have 
reached that equilibrium level where we should start seeing a lot of the 
operating leverage kick in. We have intentionally, for example, in our 
Facility Management business, we have four or five entities, business 
entities for various strategic reasons and that has helped us grow much 
faster. So, our focus had been on growth every year. But we realize 
that any moment we start synergizing the SG&A structure of these 
different entities and which we are looking at now, the operating 
leverage will start kicking in much faster. So yes, that is going to be 
something that we'll see the advantages of. 
Ganesh: 
Thank you. 
Rahul Jain: 
Hi, here in the first row. Yeah, this is Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. 
My question is pertaining to what are the new set of avenues you're 
targeting from a growth perspective. Are you trying to touch the 
opportunity on a very large manufacturing base as a nation that we are 
trying to set up into? And maybe also on the high margin businesses 
like some of your peers are into, maybe which are around these 
services or BPO or the tech side of the business? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: So, two dimensions, number one is the network itself, you need to 
really cover the market. So, I think if you look at, there's a map out 
there, you will see that SIS maintains more branches in India or covers 
India, different manufacturing areas and cities and semi-urban areas 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 21 of 28 
more deeply than any of our competitors like G4S has 80 branches, we 
have 160 just in SIS. If you add other Security companies, you will 
have more than 200 branches. So, but we maintain this because we 
wanted to grow faster. So, we have penetration in all the 
manufacturing hubs, whether they are auto manufacturing hubs, auto 
ancillary manufacturing hubs, cement clusters, sugar clusters, whether 
there's mining pockets, whatever it is, SIS maps it by district.  
 
So, that's what we do. We try and track by district, volume of market, 
our share, and therefore whether we need to have more branches in 
that area or not. So that's done at a very, very micro level. The second 
question you asked is what new technologies and what new services, 
higher margin services you are in. So, on the Security side, there's an 
example of VProtect. It's a 20% EBITDA margin business. It's no 
longer small. It's roughly ₹100 crore in annual revenue, ₹150 crore in 
annual revenue, and it's delivering 20% EBITDA margin. We believe 
there is potential to take it to ₹500 crore in the near-term, become the 
largest in that space, not just on the B2B side, but also experiment a 
little bit on the B2C side, because as guards become more expensive, 
people don't want to have a full-time guard. 
 
Number two, people are more technology friendly. They order taxi on 
app, they order food on app, they order groceries on app. They want to 
have even Security on app. You know why there's somebody standing 
24/7 at their gate. So, I think that's the 20% plus margin business we 
are developing. 
 
On the Facility Management side, like I said, we are looking to 
acquire and invest in higher margin FM plays, which are moving up 
the value chain because in the M&A segment, I don't want to talk 
more about it at the right time we will discuss.  
 
 In Cash again, we are providing so many Banking services today, 
Currency Chest Management, for example where we provide the 
machinery, we provide the manpower, we provide the audit facility, 
and we charge the Bank per bundle of counting, sorting, verification. 
 So Currency Chest operations that generally a Bank has traditionally 
done is being manned and managed by us, even as the space is theirs. 
So, I think there are various services like this which are higher margin 
services which we constantly keep pursuing and approaching. On the 
Cash side, for example, we are now contemplating getting into the 
CSP side, customer service points for Banks. So there’s a lot of these 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 22 of 28 
ideas that we keep contemplating which but which are strictly within 
our domain. We are not sort of jumping into completely unrelated 
areas for higher margins. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yeah, just a small clarification on the manufacturing side when I was 
asking. I was trying to understand that very large manufacturing 
projects which are coming. For example, lets say an Apple project 
where you may have very high concentration, high people's strength 
kind of a setup, more on those part I mean to say. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: We are the largest industrial Security provider in the country. Apple 
stores that you see here in BKC and elsewhere, are all SIS secured 
stores, Apple has been a long-standing customer. Apple has in India 
outsourced its manufacturing to more than one third-party 
manufacturers. We work with at least one of them. So, I think 
manufacturing is a space we cover very closely because it is  what 
saved SIS, SIS revenue during COVID years shrunk by less than 5% 
in Security segment. Our next two competitors lost 20% ballpark 
revenue because they were too IT services and soft services, new 
economy sector dependent. We are too brick and mortar traditional 
industry dependent. So, what saved us is our operations in Tier 2, Tier 
3 cities and in manufacturing and mining. What hurt the likes of a 
G4S and Securitas was working too much only with multinational IT 
and BPO type companies. So, we stick close to our core and we 
continue to work there. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, in the presentation there was a point made about organized, a shift 
to organized happening slower than expected. So, can you just throw 
light on who exactly are these unorganized players? I mean are they 
like the local politician kind of thing or something like, I mean very 
micro regional players? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: The difference as far as I'm concerned, when I use the term organized 
versus unorganized, it basically means social security compliant, 
social security non-compliant. I mean you can run a small company 
and do it very well and there is no reason somebody should call you 
unorganized because you are small. That's not how it works, anybody 
who is social security compliant, who is paying minimum wage, PF, 
ESI, bonus, gratuity, irrespective of scale of operation is an organized 
operator. And it could be a very large operator which is into trouble 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 23 of 28 
with PF department or in trouble with GST for non-compliance. Now 
that in my sense is in our nomenclature, an unorganized operator. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sure, just a follow-up on that. I mean, please correct me if I'm wrong, 
but I'd read somewhere that in this industry there is some licensing 
requirement to provide Security services. So wouldn't that licensing 
requirement already take all this PF and all into account or is it like 
some sort of disconnect in the Government departments at the back 
end? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Well, that’s a great question. India enacted the Private Security 
Agencies Regulation Act in 2005, and it’s been in implementation 
since 2008. So yes, you do need a license in every state to operate 
private Security services. As far as compliance is concerned, the move 
has been slightly slower because PSARA, the act is controlled by 
Home Ministry, and all the other regulations are controlled by Labour 
Ministry like minimum wage, PF, ESI, bonus, gratuity. So, there is a 
little bit of a disconnect there which a lot of people do take advantage 
of, but I think it’s a matter of scale. Beyond when you run a business 
of a certain scale, you cannot get away not paying your GST or not 
paying your PF. The departments come after you, because we are 
large employers. But somebody managing really small operations, 
1,000 people, 2,000, 5,000 people, for them to show up on the radar it 
takes a little bit of time. So yeah, the compliance at the bottom end is 
low. So if you visualize this sector, when I talk to my managers, I ask 
them to visualize the sector as a very flat pyramid. It has a very wide 
bottom and a very small top and it's very flat. So what I mean by that 
is that Security business with more than 2,000 crore annual revenue 
are only two. Licensed Private Security companies in India are more 
than 15,000. So, there's no barriers to entry. There's barriers to scale. 
People can't handle scale. That's why we showcase all these 
technologies, because without this you cannot manage 283,000 
people. 
 
So, our mantra, I mean I'm so sorry, I'm boring you with all these 
operational details, but our mantra right now is what we call QACA, 
Q-A-C-A, Quality Assurance Compliance Assurance. That is what we 
are selling to our customers. Quality assured services and compliance 
assured services. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thanks. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 24 of 28 
Aasim Bharde: 
Hi, I'm Aasim from Dam Capital. I just wanted to hear your thoughts 
on where does working capital eventually stabilize going forward. 
Because India business will be the faster growing business. So 
mathematically the working capital will look as its worsening on the 
balance sheet side. But is there anything maybe theoretically with 
industry potentially consolidating will working capital in India come 
off, because competitive intensity comes off by any chance? Or 
basically I just want to understand your OCF/EBITDA conversion. 
That improves from wherever it is in FY23. What will drive that 
eventually? Would it be more focused on margin expansion or is there 
anything on working capital? 
Devesh Desai: 
No, you're right that working capital intensity otherwise will drive the 
EBITDA conversion to OCF. And it is not really an EBITDA issue, 
it's a working capital management issue. And you will find seasonal 
fluctuations. You will find as and when large contracts come in, to 
some extent we may have to put in more working capital during those 
large contracts, especially during the initial phases of the contracts, 
where let's say it's a large Government contract or a large tender, 
which we have won. 
 
Initial one or two months you spend and are trying to figure out the 
invoicing of the documentation and other process, and you end up 
putting in more working capital. But over a period of time in Security 
business, it should stabilize at the 60, 65 days mark. And in Facility 
Management, it should settle down around the 75 or so mark. Yes, 
we've been a bit off on that last couple of quarters, but we don't see 
why we should not be back in that range very soon. 
Aasim Bharde: 
But since you are a growing company, this thing will keep happening. 
Devesh Desai: 
Okay, so let me answer that also. So, at different ranges of growth, 
you have different kind of conversion and working capital 
requirements. If you add that 10% growth, you will achieve more than 
80% OCF conversion. If you are in the 10 to 20% range, you will 
easily exceed 50%, 60%, 70% is the range you can get into. If you 
have over 20% growth, then you could be 50% or less. So yes, the 
number of the amount, the DSO, and the rate of growth both drive 
together to determine what that OCF conversion is going to be. So 
yeah, this is something which will, but there will be some calibration 
around this, but we don't see why we should not reach our minimum 
target of 50% OCF conversion of EBITDA.  

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 25 of 28 
Aasim Bharde: 
Okay. I mean, can you just mention what is the working capital level 
in your Cash management business? 
Devesh Desai: 
So, in the Cash management, a couple of years back, our DSO was 
110, today it is 83. 
Aasim Bharde: 
And just lastly on the M&A strategy that you guys plan to do, so it 
will all be all bite size acquisitions, so I'm assuming you will not need 
to raise Cash or anything for it? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Yeah, it will be bite-sized mostly. 
Aasim Bharde: 
Sure. Thanks. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, just a question on your FMS business. Would it be possible to 
dissect your FMS by the kind of services that you offer or the 
industries that you cater to, number one? And number two, you did 
mention about the scope for operating leverage coming from the 
SG&A side in the FMS, but is there a room for an operating leverage 
given the kind of contracts that you have in the FMS? I don't know if 
it's mapped to the number of people deployed or is it mapped to the 
size of the facility, and hence there could be a scope for an operating 
leverage? Just trying to understand on that. 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: So, I guess, Dhiraj, will help me with this, but broadly on the Facility 
Management side, our primary customers are manufacturing, 
commercial spaces, hospitality, and healthcare. So, these are some of 
our primary segments. They are all large spaces. There are two types 
of contracts, input-based contracts and outcomes-based contracts. 
Outcome-based contracts are basically where I agree a service level 
agreement and then I plan my manpower or chemicals or machines as 
per my requirement, I deliver a certain quality to you, you pay me per 
square feet per month. There is also input-based contract where the 
customer says, no, no, no, I know what it takes. I need so many people 
from you, I need these machines, I need these chemicals and just get 
the job. So, there are both types of contracts. 
 
I think as far as gross margin is concerned; more automation means 
higher margins. Increasingly, there is uptake of automation in Facility 
Management, hygiene sanitation by and large. I believe post-COVID, 
FM has also become more a hygiene thing. It's a workplace safety or a 
customer safety type thing. It's not just cleaning that it used to be pre-
COVID. So, I think if you ask me now and pre-COVID, I see an 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 26 of 28 
increase in per square foot expenditure through input-based or 
outcome-based. People are willing to spend more for safety and this 
happening across sectors. And I believe that in the coming years, as 
the businesses scale from ₹2,000 crore to ₹3,000 crore, etc., you will 
see significant operating leverage coming through not just at the 
SG&A line, but also on some large contracts where we can use more 
mechanization. So, there is significant opportunity at both lines. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Again in the FMS, any percentage of business coming from public 
infrastructure like the airports or the railways that you currently have? 
And do you think this business could be high on margins or probably 
the similar levels? 
Dhiraj Singh: 
So our different entities focus on different segments. That is the way 
we don't conflict. So ServiceMaster focuses on sectors like railways. 
Airports are done by both ServiceMaster and DTSS. But we have a 
mandate, a limit that we don't want to cross beyond 20% and we are 
within that range for the overall Government contracts. Having said 
that, our Government contracts are strictly for Central Government 
contracts or Central Government PSUs. We do not touch the State 
Governments, State PSUs and definitely run away from any 
municipality contracts. 
The other part to your question on soft 
services and hard services as typically classified in FM. So our hard 
services business segment, we were less than 4% until about three 
years ago. That's the technical services. Now it's about 10% and 
technical services by itself would make us in the top three technical 
services also in the country. So we are bringing both soft services as 
well as the technical services in our gamut. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir can you talk about a little bit on the Cash Management business, 
like what is our right to win here? What is the number of pin codes we 
serve? What is the amount of, like say, what kind of activity we do 
here and what kind of Cash numbers we handle and how do we charge 
in this business? Is it the amount of Cash handled, or distance covered 
in terms of pin code? Some little bit more flavor about this business. 
How does this business look like? Whom do you compete within this 
business and what are your competitive advantage vis-à-vis the 
competitor? Thank you. 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 27 of 28 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: So, I'll give you a different set of metrics. For us, it is not a Cash 
logistics play now. For us, we have more or less transformed into a 
Bank outsourcing type service provider. So, we are not trying to cover 
maximum number of pin codes in the country or anything like that. 
We are basically focused on root density, profit per route. What is the 
revenue per route. What's the cost per stop is what we work on. That's 
our key metric. If there's a route of let's say a vehicle goes to pick up 
Cash from 20 doorsteps or let's say 10 doorsteps, fills up to 2 ATMs 
on the way, carries some other thing on the way and there does 18 
stops in a route in a day, what is the cost per route? What is the 
revenue per that route? What is the cost per stop? What is the revenue 
per stop? That's how we work. 
 
We do not believe in a logistics business that there is any price for pan 
India presence or largest or biggest. I think it's all about route density 
and route profitability. So those are our metrics. And like I said, we 
are not ATM focused. Our view is that ATM is a dying stream. We 
are focused on Bank outsourcing. We do not like to work with MSPs. 
We are focused on contracts which are directly between us and the 
Bank. We are not focused on fixed price contracts. We want contracts 
which have escalation for minimum wage, fuel, other such things in 
case these get bumped up, we have some kind of coverage. So there 
are a few material differences between the current listed peers and 
how we run our business. And so when the time comes, when we are 
little closer to monetization, I'll talk more head-to-head comparison to 
give you insights. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Hi, can I go ahead? Hi, Alok from Nuvama. Two, three questions. 
First, now after FY23, you know we had three years where many 
sectors went through abnormal growth or abnormal decline. FY23 is 
the first normal sort of steady-state revenues for many of your client 
sectors. Now, for your four businesses, how do we see the glide path 
for the next two, three years in terms of growth trajectory? What can it 
be for the India Security business? What can be for Facility 
Management? And secondly, when you mentioned about the Facility 
Management, weaker margin contracts sort of going out of the system, 
will that affect the growth trajectory in anyway? 
Rituraj Kishore Sinha: Well, I'll go one by one. I think the broad guidance for SIS we've 
maintained since listing is 20% growth, 20% return on capital and 
greater than 50% OCF/EBITDA. So, right up to Vision 2025 end, 

Investor and Analyst Meet 2023 
October 3, 2023 
 
Transcript of SIS Ltd. Investor & Analyst Meet FY24                                                                                                                       Page 28 of 28 
which is FY25, we will work with the same matrix. That's our 
goalpost. That's how we model our business. Security, I think, is 
heading to pre-COVID levels of margins. Growth, again should be at 
market or above market, which is in the 15% ballpark range. 
 
Facility Management, I think they have grown very, very well in the 
last two years. They have done like 30% in one year and 40% in the 
next year. I think it's for them, it's time to churn. You have to clean up 
certain contracts that were taken up in so haste, I think their bigger 
priority is fixing their margins for the moment. So I think their growth 
will be significantly slower than that 30%, 40%. But I think clearly the 
priority is to fix up the margins on the FM side.  
 
On Cash, I think we grew 40% last year. This year again we will grow 
ballpark 20% plus range and EBITDA margin remains hovering 
around 15. I don't see the EBITDA margin going up drastically in the 
near-term, so that's pretty much that. 
 
As far as International is concerned, International I'd say would go 
back to the pre-COVID numbers. So, it's basically single-digit growth 
and you know ballpark 4% EBITDA. So that's how I see it in the 
immediate term. Obviously, when we make our Vision 2030 plan in 
the next 18 months or so, we'll come back and talk about how things 
will change. I think there was a question on the other end about 
working capital. One of the points Devesh made and it's very 
important for people to note that you cannot grow at, when we said 
that we will grow at 20% we were a ₹4,000 crore Company. Now we 
are like 3x that size. So, percentage of growth may look different for 
the '25 to '30 period but obviously the absolute value, rupee value of 
growth will still be huge like last year we grew ₹1,300 crore. This year 
ballpark similar, this is without any M&A. There is no M&A in this. 
As we grow slower, more working capital will be eased. So OCF will 
go up. 
Alok Deshpande: 
Thanks. 
Operator: 
Any questions? If we have no further questions, then we can close the 
session. Thank you all. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The 
transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility of 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
