 
November 10, 2023 
 
To, 
 
 
 
Listing/ Compliance Department 
BSE LTD. 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
BSE CODE –524208  
 
 
 
To, 
Listing/Compliance Department 
National Stock Exchange of  
India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza”, Plot No. C/1, 
G Block Bandra - Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
NSE CODE:AARTIIND 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Transcript of Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call 
Ref:  Regulation 30 of the SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find enclosed herewith the Transcript of Earnings Conference Call held on 
Monday, November 6, 2023 on Audited Financial Results of the Company for the 
quarter and half year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR AARTI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
RAJ SARRAF 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
ICSI M. NO. A15526 
Encl.: As above. 
 
 
RAJ KUMAR 
SARRAF
Digitally signed by 
RAJ KUMAR SARRAF 
Date: 2023.11.10 
14:33:11 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
Aarti Industries Limited 
Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
November 06, 2023 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Aarti Industries Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nishid Solanki from CDR India. Thank you 
and over to you, Mr. Solanki. 
Nishid Solanki: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us on Aarti 
Industries Q2 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we are joined by senior members of the Management Team, including Mr. 
Rajendra Gogri, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Rashesh Gogri, Vice 
Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Chetan Gandhi, Chief Financial Officer. 
We will commence. Call with opening thoughts from Mr. Rajendra Gogri, who will 
take us through the Performance Overview, Progress on the Growth Plans and 
Outlook on the Business. Post this, we shall open the forum for Q&A where the 
management will be addressing queries of the participants. 
Just to share a standard disclaimer: Certain statements that may be made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature and the disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the “Results Presentation” that has been shared earlier and also 
uploaded on stock exchange website. 
I would now invite Mr. Rajendra Gogri to share his perspectives. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Thank you. Good afternoon and a warm welcome to everyone present on the call 
today. We are here to discuss Aarti Industries’ Q2 FY24 earnings. Firstly, festive 
greetings to each one of you. I would like to take you through the performance, 
update on growth initiatives and strategy. 
We have exhibited strong resilience and delivered robust performance on a 
sequential basis, which came on the backdrop of continued external pressures, 
reflected by 16% gains in absolute EBITDA compared to the previous quarter. 
While the challenges with respect to global inventory destocking, high interest 
rates, recessionary trends across various end-markets, slowdown in export 
markets and geopolitical tension persists, we witnessed some recovery on Q-o-Q 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
basis.  In light of this situation, I believe our teams have displayed remarkable 
agility to swiftly navigate to products that are experiencing a more favourable 
demand scenario. This was possible due to our comprehensive understanding of 
the market conditions coupled with dedicated efforts for enhancing our market 
position and driving operational excellence.  
While I anticipate these headwinds to persist over the next few months, we are 
witnessing gradual recovery quarter-on-quarter for various products. We maintain 
optimism about potential demand revival in the end use segments such as 
agrochemical, polymer additives and other discretionary applications, as we move 
forward. That said, we have observed some recovery in Dyes, and few specialty 
applications, while other end-user segments are yet to recuperate. We expect the 
worst to be over in H1 FY24 and anticipate that it will take a few more quarters for 
normalised demand across various end segments/product lines. Thus we expect 
consequentially better performance in H2FY24 and foresee FY25 to be a 
normalising year considering the current pace of recovery. We are continuously 
engaging with our customers to increase the market share and to widen the market 
base.    
Now, let me cover the key performance highlights. Financials are on a consolidated 
basis. 
Our revenues increased by 2% to Rs. 1,597 crore in Q2 FY24 over previous 
quarter Q1 FY24. EBITDA grew by 16% on Q-o-Q basis to Rs. 233 crore in Q2 
FY24, the better EBITDA performance was a result of volume expansion with near 
stabilising of realisation for some products. Interest cost was higher on account of 
revaluation loss of about Rs. 12 crore with respect to unhedged long-term loans. 
Profit after tax stood at Rs. 91 crore in Q2 FY24, higher by 30% over previous 
quarter Q1 FY24. This was in-line with better operational performance, further 
aided by lower tax provisions and accrual of Deferred Tax assets. 
I will now share the production details for Q2 FY24. Production of 
Nitrochlorobenzene stood at 19014 MT as compared to 20276 MT in Q2 of last 
year and 17293 MT in Q1 FY24. For Hydrogenation, this came at 3136 TPM over 
2558 TPM in the same period last year, and 2868 TPM in Q1 FY24. For Nitro-
Toluene, the production for Q2 FY24 stood at 7560 MT as against 4954 MT in Q2 
of FY23, and 9320 MT in Q1 FY24. 
Moving your attention to updates on key projects. Our revamp of the Acid unit has 
been completed recently. All the other projects including capacity increase of 
Ethylation & NT and introduction of Chlorotoluenes value-chain among others are 
progressing well and will start commissioning in a phased manner, from next year. 
In addition to this, we are looking at unique opportunities in the sunrise sectors and 
will delve more as we achieve some breakthrough. 
During the six-months period, we necessitated a CAPEX of about Rs. 575 crore 
towards various expansion opportunities shared previously. Our target annual 
capex will be in the range of Rs. 1200-1300 crores for FY24. Overall, we are 
committed to deploying Rs. 2,500 to 3,000 crore for the outlined growth initiatives 
over a two-year period, as we anticipate rapid growth for the Indian Chemical 
industry in the foreseeable future. This will not only enhance our proficiency and 
capabilities in existing as well as newer high-end chemistries, but also expand our 
addressable market size.  

 
Page 3 of 16 
 
In-line with the current demand scenario, we believe FY24 to be a transitional 
period with moderated performance over last year. However, FY25 onwards, we 
will see healthy accretion to earnings in a phased manner as the macro challenges 
eases out, on-ground demand improves and also with newer projects begin to 
contribute. 
I will now conclude by saying that we are fully ready to unlock newer opportunities 
as India remains a sweet spot for global majors. We continue to believe that this 
will be a golden decade for India given its cost competitiveness, huge talent pool, 
growing domestic market and favourable manufacturing shift from other Asian/ 
western countries. Aarti Industries will remain nimble and capitalise these 
opportunities backed by its world-class manufacturing expertise and R&D 
capabilities. With this promise, we will be able to enhance value for all our 
stakeholders. 
This concludes my initial remarks, and I now request the moderator to open the 
forum for Q&A session. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We'll take the first question 
from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
First, if you could just touch upon the demand trends that you're seeing in October 
or this quarter for your end markets, I just want to get a sense which sectors are 
actually seeing the biggest recovery, and which are the sectors which are being the 
biggest drag? And secondly, sir, I think you mentioned in your opening remarks 
that you're starting to see some ASP stabilization in some products. So, just from 
either an ASP or a margin perspective, if you can just talk about how it has moved 
on a QoQ basis between your regular and your non-regular markets, that will be 
very helpful? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, overall, demand in discretionary sites, whether it's dyes, pigments, polymers, 
we are seeing improvements quarter-on-quarter, even in Q3, but agrochemicals 
are still more on a molecule-specific. So, there we are seeing more challenges as 
far as segment-wise demand recovery is concerned.  
Chetan Gandhi: 
For margin, margins per product, I think we are doing better than what we were 
doing in last quarter in this discretionary and this segment, which Mr. Rajendra 
Gogri mentioned, so we are doing better there where the demand is coming back, I 
think we are seeing some margin improvements, whereas some drag in agro, 
pharma and markets I think we are seeing. So, that is the overall mix in terms of 
margin. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just one small clarification. This margin improvement that you're seeing in 
discretionary segments, is that coming both from your regular markets and your 
non-regular markets? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
I would say on both. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Just on the margin point, a little bit longer, so the sequential increase in margins, 
what exactly would that be attributable to -- is it that there's been some favorable 
shift in product mix or is it expansion spreads in some of our base products itself or 
is it inventory gains on benzene for example, what exactly might it be, and can we 

 
Page 4 of 16 
 
expect this to sustain into 3Q and 4Q as well the same level of margins going 
forward? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, product mix also is a factor where more, on a higher margin, product sales are 
there. Specific product-to-product where some demand increase, stabilization is 
taking place, there is some sort of a margin increase, is also what we have 
observed. So, in general as the demand also starts recovering, we see that some 
margin benefit is also starting to accrue. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We are seeing recovery in our traditional markets and so this is not a dumping 
market that non-traditional market where we are seeing improvement, we are 
seeing improvement in the traditional markets which was always a better margin 
market. So, again, the orders have come back so that our overall mix of margin has 
improved basically. 
Abhijit Akella: 
So, sounds like this is sustainable in 2H FY24 as well? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Also, just so curious, whether you know N-Methyl Aniline might be a product on 
which we make better margins than on our overall portfolio or is that not the case? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
As we have been always saying, it is more on EBITDA per Kg. As a percentage 
margin, different product will have different percentages. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
We are not commenting on individual products anyway. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Then on the demand side, you pointed to a gradual recovery in the second half. 
So, I mean, when we look ahead sequentially 3Q versus 2Q maybe 4Q as well. 
How much of an improvement can we expect in the revenue or EBITDA run rate? 
Or maybe if I could ask it another way, what sort of EBITDA guidance should we 
work with for FY24 and then maybe FY25, please? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
The first half total is about Rs.433 crore. So, second half upward of Rs.500 crore. 
Overall, annually, we see that around Rs.950-1,000 crore is the current visibility for 
EBITDA for this year, FY24. And FY25, it will be difficult to give guidance now, but I 
think our general guidance earlier was Rs.1,700 crore. So, we see that at least 5% 
to 15% is the maximum decline over that number. But overall FY25 also, quarter-
on-quarter there will be an increase as the demand also recovers and our new 
plant of ethylation and NT gets commissioned, so FY25, we will have a quarter-on-
quarter kind of an increase in EBITDA. 
Abhijit Akella: 
If you could please just help us with the capacity utilization rates on your three 
long-term projects, basically? On the balance sheet we see that the payable days 
have gone up quite sharply in 1H, offsetting an increase in inventories. So, if you 
could please just highlight the reason for that? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Capacity utilization of the long-term first contract which got cancelled, their 
products we are suffering on the demand side, so not much significant 
improvement there. Second contract which is the way it is structured; it is more or 
less capacity utilization-agnostic. The third contract we have just commissioned. 
So, this year is more of a product stabilization. We don't see any significant 
EBITDA coming in for the third contract in FY24, the major thing will come in FY25 
for the third contract. 

 
Page 5 of 16 
 
Chetan Gandhi: 
On the payable days, we had a couple of imports happening where the credit 
period is generally more than the domestic sourcing. So, that's where the payable 
days are higher than the previous quarter numbers. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Is this more of a tactical shift towards imports or is this more of like a strategic 
move? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
For some of the raw materials, not the major ones, and not the benzene and other 
one, but for a couple of other raw materials, we do have imports coming at a better 
pricing. So, as of now that seems to be the strategy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
The first question is on the first contract. So, we were planning to change the 
structure of the plant so that we can manufacture something else from the 
dedicated plant. So, are there any more new things that we have worked on? Is 
there a possibility that next year we will be able to at least use part of that plant for 
manufacturing any new products, so, any thought process on that? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
We have not taken any firm decision on that yet. We are still evaluating the 
possibility of using it for the same product. As I mentioned earlier also, maybe it's 
couple of more quarters that we will need for us to know whether we should partly 
use it for some other products or something, that call has not been taken yet. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is in terms of our guidance, so this year we are planning to reach 
about Rs.1,000 crore, next year, Rs.1,700 crore minus something. So, from 1,000 
to 1,700, what could be the increase from the base set of capacities that we are 
currently having? What could be the contribution to EBITDA from the newer 
projects that will get commissioned during next year? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
NitroChloro Benzene has been expanded so that ramp up will happen. The 
contract-III also will come into the rampup and next year, a major project which will 
gets commissioned 
is 
ethylation and NT expansion 
and 
some other 
debottlenecking. So, that would be the mix ramp up of the project, which has been 
commissioned in FY23 and FY24 as well as the new project of this ethylation and 
NT which will be commissioned in FY25. 
Chetan Gandhi: 
Also, the expectation on the volume which has currently not been there, so with the 
recovery of the global volumes it will also add on to this. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just a last clarification on the debt front. So, again, by the first half the debt has 
gone up to Rs.3,200 crore. What is the peak debt that we are looking at and when 
are we likely to hit that run rate maybe in for FY25, and FY26, any thoughts? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
We do have cash of Rs.400 plus crore. So, the net debt would be around Rs.2,700 
something. I don't think the debt numbers will significantly go up from here towards 
the end of FY24. So, on a net debt basis we should be somewhere between Rs. 
2,700-2,800 crore or Rs. 2,900 crore in a worst-case scenario. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Ankur Periwal: 
First question is on the global demand as well as supply scenario. If you can share 
your thoughts on the overall competitive intensity, the demand slowdown as well as 
intensity especially from China and are there any new capacities coming in or 
shutting down, your thoughts please? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
As we mentioned that global demand is gradually recovering and we see the next 
two, three, quarters, there will be demand revival and obviously because of the 
Chinese economy also going slow down, in general the Chinese competitive 
intensity has increased in last few quarters. But as the global demand improves, 
we see that that the competitive intensity also will reduce. So, that's how we see 
that both demand revival as well as some decrease in competitive intensity. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Any change in the global supplies’ capacities there? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No significant new changes. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Secondly, on the pricing bit, there has been volatility across the pricing for our 
products. Do you believe, more or less, that there is stability now or probably 
looking at maybe October or the recent trends, that price volatility still remains? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Generally, in prices, we have a raw material pass-through. Raw material volatility is 
not impacting much. Generally, a little bit margin improvement, as already 
mentioned in earlier question, for some of the products we have seen. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Lastly on the CAPEX, so around Rs. 1,200-1,300 crore for this year and I think you 
had guided for around Rs. 2,500 crore of CAPEX over FY24 and FY25. How much 
of this will be on productive CAPEX and expected asset turn there? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, the total was Rs. 2,500-3,000 crore. The new assets which are coming up in 
our new zone, they are higher value-added products. So there, the asset turn will 
be more towards around 1.2x to 1.3x. 
Ankur Periwal: 
Presumably this will be margin-accretive to our current business? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Khetan from SMIFS Institutional 
Equities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Khetan: 
My first question is, sir, when we were listening to all the global and domestic 
agrochemicals and the pigment companies, most of the companies have given out 
a very weak guidance on to the demand side and most of them have also shifted 
the improvement in demand outlook towards the first half of the next calendar year. 
So still sir, we have witnessed an improvement in volumes and margins. So just 
want to know the disconnect between the global commentaries and our 
improvement in volumes. 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, basically, we have a very wide spread of products and wide end use market 
that kind of helps us to put the products where there is more demand. And overall, 
also generally it also becomes product-specific. Obviously, the improvement will 
come more in this calendar year FY24 because in the last quarter generally 
multinationals tend to buy less. So, Q3 FY24, the general international buying is 
less. So, in the calendar year/FY24 first half we'll see more demand growth. 

 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Aditya Khetan: 
And then on the volume improvement on quarter-on-quarter basis into the NCB 
and into the hydrogenation business, which are the major geographies wherein we 
have increased our exports? Because what we believe is that US and Europe for 
these markets, continue to remain weak. So which are the markets that have 
shown an uptick in terms of your volume growth? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, we have been exporting to various markets including China, other Asian and 
European countries also. We are a very, very well spread geographical baskets. 
Aditya Khetan: 
Any specific geographies which have witnessed an improvement, that's what I 
wanted to understand? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
In some of the Asian markets, we have been able to see improvement and in some 
European countries also. 
Aditya Khetan: 
If you can share the PDA volumes for the quarter, sir? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
This PDA volumes were 316 tons per month. 
Aditya Khetan: 
In our end user industry, in home and personal care business, how much would be 
that contribution? Since the last few months we were witnessing that, because of 
higher inflation, the volumes were not able to pick up. So, how is this segment  
changing now and can this be a segment which can further lead to improvement in 
volumes going ahead or it would be at the same level which is currently? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Our exposure to home and personal care is very limited. I will not get into details, 
but some of the products what we see, some pressure is there in the demand, but 
overall, as a company as a whole, that's not a very big output. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Rohan Gupta from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Rohan Gupta: 
First question is on our end user industry wise growth, which we have seen on a 
QoQ basis, in volumes. I understand that global agrochemicals are still challenging. 
Can you give some sense that which were the end user industries which have 
given a sharp growth and how has been the agrochemicals industry growth for us? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, agrochemicals are continuing to be challenging, but on polymers and 
additives and dye stuff side and all, we have seen growth. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, any ballpark number, end user industry wise, like how much was 
agrochemicals’ degrowth and what kind of volume growth would have seen in 
polymers and additives, a very ballpark number? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
That number we will not have readily available. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, we have seen that the crude oil started going up and that may have some 
follow up impact on benzene prices as well. Have you seen any kind of 
improvement so far in our margins because of low raw material cost benefit or do 
you expect going forward we will have some benefit because generally we tend to 
gain in a rising raw material price scenario? 

 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So generally, we have a pass-through, so raw material pricing impact is not there. 
If local it gets immediately passed through and exports sometime in a quarterly 
pass through. 
Rohan Gupta: 
The third question is on net debt. Chetan, sir, you mentioned that maybe we can 
see net debt peaking at Rs. 2,700-2,800 crore. While given the current weakness, 
we are still looking at maybe a base-case EBITDA of almost Rs. 1,400-1,500 crore  
for FY25 while we are continuing with the cumulative CAPEX of Rs. 2,500-3,000 
crore, so that seems that our cash flows may not be sufficient enough to meet this 
CAPEX including working capital requirement. So, any change there because 
earlier the projections were on the higher side, but now given the weakness, so we 
are expecting a lower cash flow generation, so how we see that our peak net debt 
or net debt level next year with keeping the CAPEX same? 
Chetan Gandhi: 
No, I believe the question which was there earlier was reference to the debt 
numbers for this year and not on a peak net debt, so it was more related to by end 
of FY24 where we see the debt numbers. As you rightly said, we do have CAPEX 
of plans and there is also the volume uptick is going to be gradual over next few 
quarters, so the debt level will increase. At this point of time, it will be a bit difficult 
to work on the net debt basis because we still have a lot of areas to look into such 
as the raw material prices, have started moving up, the impact of that you will have 
to be evaluated and seen. So, on debt numbers basis, I guess the net debt would 
increase in FY25. I believe it should peak-out somewhere in FY26, and from there 
it will start tapering off. Putting a number at this point of time would be a bit difficult. 
Probably we can take it up at some other time, maybe next quarter or so. 
Rohan Gupta: 
Sir, in terms of our capacity utilization level, so we have already definitely invested 
significantly and our CAPEX plans are still going on. While we see that the 
recovery will be slower and China where the competition is still pretty large in terms 
of commodity side of the business, so do you see that the threat from China is 
likely to continue in terms of the pricing? Because we have heard that there are 
huge capacities built up in China at least in a lower and other product value chains, 
where 25% to 35% of our products’ markets compete. How do we see and is there 
any possibility that we may rejig our CAPEX plan over next two years and slow 
down a little bit? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, basically the impact of this Chinese competition increase is already there. So, 
we don't see much of any further change in that. These projects or whatever we 
are doing, we have already started working on that. We don't have any plan to 
change on overall whatever we have guided being Rs. 2,500-3,000 crore over this 
two-year period. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Surya Patra from PhillipCapital (India) Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Surya Patra: 
Sir, my first question is on the export and domestic mix. So, there is a 10% swing in 
this quarter from the earlier period. In fact, there is a strong growth in the export 
that is what we are witnessing, while the domestic market is remaining subdued. 
How should one read this – should one think that okay, the domestic market is 
suppressed by the Chinese dumping and all that, whereas you would have seen 
some export demand in let's say hydrogenation-based products, aniline and all 
that, in the export side that would have supported the export mix. So practically, 
your sense on how should one really read this? 

 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So basically, overall direct export and indirect export is one component. Majorly 
being a global player, we will have to count for direct export and indirect export 
which is counted in local sales. And the other thing is which is purely for local 
demand. So sometimes this decrease in local sales maybe is also because of the 
downstream pressure especially in the agrochemicals side, where our customers 
buy the product locally and then make the product and export. So, that's how the 
situation is.  
Surya Patra: 
So, that means is it fair to believe that the direct export is seeing a kind of a 
stronger momentum than in the domestic market? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. 
Surya Patra: 
This mix is likely to sustain in future going ahead again, sir or it may correct? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Overall, we see that we'll have this kind of a good export. 
Surya Patra: 
Because in fact, for a very long period, we always used to have an export mix of 
more than 50%. But when we witnessed a post-COVID or during COVID domestic 
momentum gaining, then there was a kind of 10% showing downward for the 
export that we had witnessed, which is reversing again. So, that's why my question 
is it now fair to think that export will be a dominant piece going ahead? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, currently, but then again once we have our contract-III is there, that is full 
export. So, generally, we don't see on that way or local is more depending on 
where our product demand is there. Sometimes, the end use consumption shifts, 
then the product gets sold locally and the finished goods get exported. But overall, 
we have been saying, 40% to 55% range of export, that kind of thing should 
continue. 
Surya Patra: 
Just a clarification relating to this fact only. So, are these contract-II as well as 
contract-III, both are in the optimal utilization levels for the quarter? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, contact-III is still on the first year, it's more on stabilization. 
Surya Patra: 
Means that will see a kind of gradual ramp up even in the second half versus first-
half? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. The major gain in fact will be in the next year for that. 
Surya Patra: 
Second question is on the volume mix. What are we witnessing, is it that there is a 
kind of a strong recovery in the PDA sequentially and even in the hydrogenation as 
well as the Nitro Chloro Benzene? While Nitro Toluene on a temporary peak base 
of the previous quarter, we have seen some sequential thing. But otherwise across 
board there is a kind of more than strong double-digit recovery in the volumes that 
we are witnessing. So, does this indicate that despite this demand weakness what 
we are generally witnessing in the global market, we are kind of displacing some 
Chinese competition and hence this position and that's why this can sustain even in 
the second half? Is it the right understanding or how should we think of this QoQ 
volume recovery? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So basically overall, the volumes were down, and the recovery is taking place. 
Then ultimately you have to move from company-to-company within company 
product-to-product. For the kind of products that we have, we are seeing that the 

 
Page 10 of 16 
 
demand is picking up, and we see that from Q2 to Q3, Q4, generally the demand 
forecast what we are getting from customer it is getting more and more normalized. 
Surya Patra: 
One question is on the margins. In fact, we know that your model is a pass-through 
model where it is better to look at the absolute EBITDA basis. But, given the fact of 
this crude fluctuating - appreciating because of the geopolitical tension, then 
normalizing again – during that situation continuing this way, then the recovery 
what we are witnessing for our products basically, and the China dumping aspect, 
which is still continuing - considering all these factors and the recovery what you 
are guiding for the second-half, so at least on the margin front, it is fair to believe 
that you have already bottomed out in the first quarter in terms of margin which 
was the lowest ever? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, per Kg margins what were there in the first quarter were lower and margins, 
you can say it is bottomed out. 
Surya Patra: 
Just last one clarification then from my side. See, obviously, we know that while the 
base business is likely to see a kind of a sequential progression, both in terms of 
volume as well as margin now; and the way that you have indicated – that the 
incremental earning boost to the performance is likely to come from the ethylation 
and ethylation products and the nitrotoluene expanded phase, which is practically, I 
believe, scheduled from FY25. So, if you can give some sense, in FY25, when do 
you really expect these incremental – the ethylation one and the nitrotoluene 
expansions are likely to contribute? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
We are currently targeting commissioning toward the end of Q1 of FY25 for this 
ethylation and nitrotoluene. That's what I mentioned earlier also, that FY25 also will 
see a progressive increase in volume and EBITDA. So, second half will be better 
than the first half because of this volume. 
Surya Patra: 
You are saying this will start from the first quarter. But since these are like ready 
projects for us and we have been working on this for some time, so do you have a 
contract or order book basis here about the ethylation and the nitrotoluene 
downstream products? Just to give a kind of guidance here or any order book 
position that you are already having or how is it sir? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, we have a good volume visibility on these expanded capacities. 
Surya Patra: 
Irrespective of the demand situation, whatever is prevailing in the market currently? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Hopefully, by the time the demand also is expected to get normalized, right, in 
calendar year 2024, in the first half. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Over this first half a reasonable control has been there on the staff cost and other 
expenses. So, on the other expenses, barring the reduction in power cost, any 
other factor which is contributing? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Freight is the major component of the other cost. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, are there more opportunities to optimize staff costs and other expenses for us 
going forward? 

 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, as we had mentioned earlier also, the operating leverages and everything will 
kick in and will be more or less stabilizing on our employees’ level. Some more 
optimization may happen. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Sir, is there a volume growth number that you have in mind for next year that the 
business can overall deliver? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
It becomes difficult with too many products at two different prices, but overall in 
general, the volumes across the board we will see growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
First is on the volume growth on the industries where we are seeing the recovery. It 
is that they are now getting the favorable days because I think the destocking 
phenomena started in polymer and dyes and pigments ahead of the 
agrochemicals. Rising crude price is also driving the restocking because this year, 
the prices may remain high. Is that what we are seeing or do you see there is a 
strong underlying demand recovery because if you look at the pigment rise in sales 
or the textiles that doesn't show the optimism we are sharing on the volume side of 
it? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, I think once the inventory kind of reaches to an optimal level, it was mainly of 
an inventory correction, and I think different products that is getting to a level. 
Some actual end user demand also is a factor because of overall crude inflation 
and all. But the major demand issues were mainly because of this inventory 
correction. There is a level for different products, I think it is reaching a level where 
they have to operate at that particular level of inventory. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
But my whole question was on our confidence of CY25 having the strong volume 
recovery, if it is a restocking-based volume recovery without underlying completely 
recovering, are we still very confident of the volume delivery? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, the volume degrowth this year also is also substantially driven by inventory 
correction, if you see FY24, the amount of volume degrowth has taken place and 
some demand increase underlying also, but it will be still mainly that inventory 
correction related degrowth which will be coming back. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
My last question is on the margins. Are we sitting on any of the inventory gain 
because there was a sharp rise in the crude derivative prices and has that given 
any tailwind or that is not really a major factor in the margin expansion? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Nothing significant in the inventory gains. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Archit Joshi from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Archit Joshi: 
So, just trying a bit on the margin front. Earlier sir, we used to sort of give a split of 
our five blocks wherein we used to operate wherein we used to classify chlorination 
and nitration, more of commoditized products and the hydrogenation, ammonolysis 
and halex chemistries, i.e., more of specialized kind. And the split used to be 
somewhere close to 80:20, 80 favor of specialty of course. Would it be safe to 
assume that maybe in the first half, we have experienced more of specialty 

 
Page 12 of 16 
 
products in the mix and the inferior margin products are not a part of the current 
sales, which is why we have been able to see decent margins for this quarter? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So that were not specialty, what we call a value added. In general, the value-
added’s percentage is increasing overall. So that value-added percentage  
increase in EBITDA margin to sales in general. So, that is where the impact comes. 
Archit Joshi: 
So, we have seen that impact, got it. Sir, just another confusion that I had on the 
CAPEX front, we have mentioned that Rs. 1,200-1,300 crore of CAPEX for this 
financial year and Rs. 2,500-3,000 crore of CAPEX, would that be on the top of 
this, would this be FY25 and FY26 or the current Rs. 1,200-1,300 crore part of this 
Rs. 2,500-3,000 crore CAPEX? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, current Rs. 1,200-1,300 crore for this year will be part of that. So, we have 
been guiding for the two-year period. So, Rs. 2,500-3,000 crore guidance includes 
the FY24 numbers. 
Archit Joshi: 
So, I think previously when we had met during the plant visit, we were expecting 
CAPEX from asset restoration, debottlenecking sustainability, and plant 
infrastructure with some R&D related CAPEX that got capitalized in FY24 and 
currently we are largely working on the NT and ethylation loop coupled with the 
zone-3 or site-III projects for MPP and Chlorotoluene, which is what it is either a 
part of the CWIP or some of it is capitalized, would that be a fair assumption? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, most of the CWIPs are of the ethylation in zone-3 and some are regular also, 
sustainability related CAPEX. and other  value-added products also is part of the 
WIP and I think a lot of that will get capitalized. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nitesh Dhoot from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, my question is with reference to one of your products which goes in for Octane 
boosters. So, if you could explain the demand for this particular product and is it 
part of any contract, long or short term or how sustainable is the ongoing demand 
that we are witnessing there. 
Rajendra Gogri: 
It's a growing product. We see the kind of demand what we have seen, we should 
be able to sustain and maybe grow also, and this product is also for other end use 
also. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
So, ex of this product, has there been significant growth in the other exported 
products also or this has been one of the drivers if I may ask? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes, there is a growth in the other also and this one also is a substantial part of it. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
Lastly, on the sunset review on MPDA, just trying to understand if MPDA's 
contribution in the overall revenue is anything significant or even non-acceptance 
of this review by CBDT would impact us in any way? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, the demand has been very slow on that especially in the local. So, this sunset 
review is not going to have any significant impact. But I think we should be able to 
continue that anti-dumping duty. 

 
Page 13 of 16 
 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
If you could just explain on the sequential decline of 17% that you're seeing on the 
domestic side, which end users would have been the key contributors there? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
The agrochemicals are a major contributor. 
Nitesh Dhoot: 
On the domestic side as well? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Krishna Kumar from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Sir, following on the previous caller's question on one of the key products that our 
export growth has been good, any key reason why we are gaining market share on 
this particular product - is the competition slow, if you could just give us help us 
understand reasons why we are having a good traction on this particular product? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
We're trying to spread our market base and develop newer markets for these 
products. 
Krishna Kumar: 
But primarily any particular end-market segment this product that goes into? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
It is a specialty product going into different end uses. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Sir, if I see your domestic and export run rate, our exports are more or less holding 
around Rs.800 crore run rate mark, whereas our domestic realizations have come 
from Rs. 950-odd crore to 750 crore. Now, we understand that let's say pricing is 
actually coming down and exports is the only one that is holding. If agrochem is not 
doing well globally, is it that dyes and other markets we are kind of gaining market 
share versus other countries, any specific reason for this export shift if you could 
help us understand? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Basically, this demand contraction, whether it happens in domestic or export, that's 
what becomes important. Some of this decline in domestic sales is because of the 
ultimate agrochemicals demand in the global market is impacted. So, our customer 
who is buying within India and then exporting the products, those have got 
impacted. That's what I earlier also mentioned. Because we have a lot of domestic 
sales which is indirectly exported and that is where the impact is. 
Krishna Kumar: 
So, export sale is also not for any agrochem markets, it's just for the other sectors 
is where we are gaining? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No. there are so many different products. So, sometimes what happens is that 
agrochemicals intermediates going in export their impact is less, then the 
intermediates which is going in domestic market impact is more, so that's how the 
things move. It becomes very product-specific ultimately. 
Krishna Kumar: 
Sir, in one of your previous comments the Rs.1,700 crore guidance that you've 
given, if you're seeing that guidance could change by 5% to 15%? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. That is the current estimate and then we will see how we are able to get fine 
tuning as we go on. 

 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Krishna Kumar: 
So basically the Rs. 1,700 crore can read as Rs. 1,450-1,600 crore then if we take 
that 5% to 15%? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Ranvir Singh from Nuvama. Please go 
ahead. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Sir, two clarifications. One, our fixed contract revenue that from unit-II and unit-III, 
so what was the total contribution of the two units? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
This contract-III as mentioned is more stabilizing and contract-II the way it is 
structured that the EBITDA is not directly connected to the sales. 
Ranvir Singh: 
I understand this is a fixed EBITDA, but what portion of it is currently contributing to 
our total either in revenue or EBITDA that I wanted to understand? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
That number we will not have readily available right now. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Secondly, when we say that FY25 we'll see the normalization of business, so 
exactly what kind of growth normally we consider, I understand this would be a 
gradual improvement there, but is there any number in our mind that we are 
expecting for FY25? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, whatever the sudden very, very decline which has happened in demand for 
various products which we have seen in this year because of the destocking, so 
those should become normal. The inventory correction I think will get normalized 
and we'll move to a consumption and sales kind of a matching. 
Ranvir Singh: 
You mentioned the production number of Nitro Chloro Benzene, Hydrogenation 
and Nitro Toluene, actually I missed this number. So, if you could help me again? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Nitro Chloro Benzene is 19,014 tons and hydrogenation is 3,136 tons per month. 
Ranvir Singh: 
Just for basic understanding, of these three categories, which one is a better 
margin product, just to understand that how the mix is actually impacting our 
margin, whether it's a Nitro Chloro Benzene that gives us better margin than 
Hydrogenation or Nitro Toluene is a better margin bucket? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Nitro Chloro Benzene is a base product. So, there margin per rupee will be lower, 
and Hydrogenation and those are more valuable products, so, as a percentage to 
sales, those margins are higher. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Nirav Jimudia from Anvil Research. 
Please go ahead. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, on the Nitro Toluene side, volumes have fallen on our QoQ basis. So, is it 
because of our ONT, OT chain not doing well and that's why we have restricted 
production and sales of NT or it's because of the PNT and the other products which 
come along with the production of NT and those products not doing well, that's why 
we have restricted the production of NT in this quarter? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
It's more related to agrochemicals side demand. We have taken some shutdowns 
also, so production was impacted. 

 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, was there any restrictions on the sale of Metalochlorine in Europe, 
predominantly in France and because of which probably the demand restriction or 
demand fallen would have happened on the OT chain, is this a right understanding 
on the fall in the volumes for NT? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, I'm not aware of any restriction in those geographies. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
On the Nitric Acid side, the prices have fallen, so last year the prices were very 
high So does the raw material benefit of the fall of those nitric acid prices get 
reflected fully in Q2 or further improvement in our margins could come up with the 
fall in the prices which have happened in the first half of FY24? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
We have a contractual structure. So, it is more or less you know ammonia link 
prices.  
Nirav Jimudia: 
Sir, just a last clarification on the number which you mentioned that next year we 
could do Rs. 1,700 crore plus/minus 5% to 15%. So hypothetically assuming that 
per Kg improvement in the margins with the product mix also changing next year, 
what sort of volume growth we would require to do so that that sort of number 
could be achieved? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So, across the board, various product lines, there will be volume growth as we 
have mentioned earlier also that. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Some rough understanding of the blended volumes which need to be clocked so 
that we could achieve those numbers of EBITDA? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
No, we are not taking out those kinds of a blended number. Becomes its very 
difficult the total product range is very wide and the pricing of the products are 
Rs.1,000 plus to Rs. 5 sulphuric acid, so the volume becomes difficult. 
Rashesh Gogri: 
Margin improvement as well as volume improvement, so it is a mix of both that we 
expect that will improve our numbers. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Siddharth Gadekar from Equirus. Please go 
ahead. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Sir, just wanted to understand the split in the exports between our regular markets 
and the non-regular markets. 
Rajendra Gogri: 
It's more or less substantially on a regular market. Non-regular will be more about 
10%. 
Siddharth Gadekar: 
Because we had highlighted that in the non-regular markets, our margins would be 
10 percentage points lower, but despite some higher exports, our margins have 
improved substantially. So, is there any particular reason behind that? 
Rajendra Gogri: 
So, the non-regular market margins are generally lower, so that impact is there. 
That is what we will see that once we move towards more regular markets that 
benefit is going to accrue in future. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 

 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Rajendra Gogri: 
Thank you everyone for taking out the time to join us on our Q2 FY24 earnings 
conference call. Hope we have addressed all your queries. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to contact our Investor Relations team, and we will 
address them. We look forward to connecting with all of you again in the next 
quarter. Thank you once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Aarti 
Industries Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and 
you may now disconnect your lines. 
