-kirF--471-r-7170-4r ci)14-11 	
S 
0-TRF titehit 	
d49b4-0 
THE NEW INDIA ASSURANCE COMPANY LTD. 
(Govt. of India Undertaking) 
t71 
	
chitiimq : 	
f7-3-7;fT
cf,3-
• 7T, 87, 1-110-1I 71-it "fit QJ, > 	
- 400 001. 
Regd. & Head Office : New India Assurance Bldg., 87, M.G. Road, Fort, Mumbai - 400 001. 
CIN No. L66000MH1919G01000526 
• 
• 
3-1171tw 
311F 41 c 1c1 
Phone : 022 2270 8100 
022 2270 8400 
Website : www.newindia.co.in 
Ref. No.: NIACL/CMD_BoardSectt/2023-24 	
04th December, 2023 
To, 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Tower 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, Plot C/1, 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: (BSE - 540769/NSE - NIACL) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on 29th November 2023  
With reference to our letter dated November 23, 2023, intimating you about the 
conference call with Analysts/Investors held on November 29, 2023, please find 
attached the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
You are requested to kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You 
Yours faithfully 
For The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Jyoti Rawat 
Company Secretary & Chief Compliance Officer 
Digitally signed by JYOTI RAWAT
DN: C=IN, O=Personal, OID.2.5.4.65=
FC6B8CCD8EFEDA6A92C0055603FDA488, 
Phone=
d0ed137e30327c3c4511d4296de068192e2f2c
4262f80c5efd38dbf4b4ba78fd, PostalCode=
110075, S=Delhi, SERIALNUMBER=
8F76C7C7265DC2610BAE8B449172C0B9E7
A58462A9AEED1BF18F664C3981CB19, CN=
JYOTI RAWAT
Reason: I am the author of this document
Location: 
Date: 2023.12.04 12:52:04+05'30'
Foxit PDF Reader Version: 2023.2.0
JYOTI 
RAWAT

The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 29th, 2023 
Management: 
1. Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director 
2. Mr. Titus Francis General, Manager & Director and Chief Financial Officer 
3. Ms. Sushama Anupam, General Manager (Health and Miscellaneous) 
4. Ms. Sreedevi, General Manager (Motor) 
5. Mr. Sharad Ramnarayanan, Actuary 
Page 1 of 22 

The New India Assurance Company Limited 
Q2 & H1FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
November 29th, 2023 
Moderator: 	
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for The New India 
Assurance Company Limited Earnings Call for Q2 and H1 FY '24. I am your moderator for this 
call. 
We have with us today Ms. Neerja Kapur, Chairman and Managing Director; Mr. Titus Francis, 
Director, General Manager and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the executive 
team. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that today's discussion may contain forward 
looking statements based on our current expectations. These statements are subject to risks 
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to our latest 
exchange filing for more information on these risks. 
At this moment, all participant lines are in the listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a 
question and answer session. At that time, if you have a question, please press "*" and "1" on 
your telephone keypad. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Neerja Kapur. Thank you, and over to you ma'am. 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good evening to all. As Sagar mentioned, I am Neerja Kapur, Chairman and 
Managing Director, and along with me are Mr. Titus Francis. He is the General Manager and 
Director and the Chief Financial Officer. I also have with me General manager Ms. Sushama 
Anupam. She is handling Health and Miscellaneous portfolio; and Ms. Sreedevi who is in 
charge of Motor; and also our Actuary Mr. Sharad Ramnarayanan. 
I would like to thank all the participants who have taken time out for attending this Con Call. 
To begin with, I shall give a brief background and Mr. Titus shall highlight the financials of H1 
of this financial year. Thereafter, we shall proceed to the question and answer session where 
in we shall endeavor to answer all your queries and clarify any doubts you might have. 
Just to give you a brief background about the company, New India Assurance was founded by 
Sir Dorabji Tata in 1919, and today we are now in our 105th year of operations. Today, New 
India is the largest non-life insurer in India by gross premiums written having a market share 
Page 2 of 22 

of 13.09% as of the end of September '23. The company holds market leading positions in 
major business lines including health, motor, fire, marine and aviation. 
International geographical diversification is supported by the company's overseas operations 
through its foreign branches, agency offices and subsidiaries across 25 countries. The 
domestic market continues to present significant growth opportunities for New India despite 
high market competition, particularly in the health and motor businesses. 
We are happy to inform you that for the current year, AM Best has affirmed the financial 
strength rating of B++ (Good) and the long-term issuer credit rating of Triple B+ (Good) to The 
New India Assurance Company Limited. The outlook of these credit ratings is stable. In 
addition, and this is a new feature, AM Best has assigned the India National Scale Rating of 
AAA.IN (Exceptional) to New India. In addition, in India, we are also rated AAA/Stable by 
CRISIL. 
New India Assurance continues to be identified as domestic systemically important insurer 
that is DS2 by IRDAI in view of its size of operations, cross jurisdictional activities and financial 
connectedness. We are also certified as ISO 27001:2013 compliant on IT security, thus making 
us one among the few general insurers following highest standards on data security in India. 
The future of insurance industry in India is promising owing to several changes in the 
regulatory framework, technological advancements, government support and increasing 
awareness. Continuously, new trends are being introduced, like product innovation, multi-
distribution, better claims management and regulatory trends in the Indian market as income 
rise and purchasing power and household savings grow exponentially. 
As the Indian economy continues to grow, disposable incomes are increasing leading to a 
growing demand for insurance products. Various initiatives, as you all know, have been taken 
by the government to increase the current levels of insurance in India by lowering cost and 
also increasing the health cover, and most importantly, educating people about its 
importance. 
To add to this, the new generation is more aware about benefits of having insurance and are 
willing to spend on it. The company is working towards the regulator's mission of insurance 
for all by 2047. 
Towards this, various new products as well as additional covers in the existing products have 
been introduced recently, and we are striving to constantly provide newer products relevant 
to the market demands. Our aim is to grow with profitability and towards this, we are 
consciously making efforts to reduce our ICR and combined ratio. 
Page 3 of 22 

Corning to the company's financials of half yearly of this financial year, the gross written 
premium underwritten for H1FY24 was reported totaling Rs. 20,760 crores. The segment-wise 
breakup of the various lines of business that we do: health and personal accident is the 
highest at about 47%; fire, 16%; motor together makes up 25% of our business; Marine, 2%; 
and all other lines of business at approximately 10%. 
The profit after tax reported was Rs. 60.24crores vis-a-vis a figure of Rs. 151.90 crores for the 
same period last year. Net worth stands at Rs. 19,830 crores and the investment assets are at 
Rs. 89,839 crores as of 30th September'23. The overall ICR for the first half year stood at 
101.03 as compared to 96.94. So, this decline in profitability for this quarter and the increase 
in ICR was mainly because of the following reasons, which I would like to convey to all of you. 
First of all, we are seeing that climate change biodiversity is having its impact and the 
company suffered catastrophic losses on account of floods amounting to a net of about Rs. 
301 crores during this quarter. 
We also had an adverse development in the aviation portfolio of about Rs. 50 crores 
pertaining to the prior period and the foreign operations were also under pressure as they 
reported losses of about Rs. 71 crores during the quarter driven basically by risk losses in 
Dubai operations as well as catastrophic losses in the UK operations pertaining to the 
earthquake in Turkey. 
There was also an additional provision, which we have started providing every quarter is for 
the increase in wages. This amounted to about Rs.140crores. 
The company is focusing on growth in the agency channel of business and reducing our 
turnaround time for claims by focusing on claims automation, including a pilot of AI-based 
claim settlements for claims up to Rs. 50,000, and this is a pilot which we have rolled out in 
about 12 different regions across the country and we will be slowly ramping it up in all the 
other regions. 
We are also focused on improving integration with broker portals, web aggregators and 
ensuring prudent underwriting with focus on profitable business even if this means shedding 
of some businesses which are not in line with the company's long-term strategy. 
To give you some highlight on the automobile industry, the Indian Auto industry has 
registered robust sales growth in private cars, two-wheelers and three-wheelers in October 
'23 due to the festive season, and while the passenger vehicles registered the 34% year-on-
year growth in October '23, two-wheelers and three-wheelers were at 20% and 42% 
Page 4 of 22 

respectively. New India has capitalized on this growth and we have registered a year-on-year 
growth of about 32.54%. 
The company has proactively taken steps to improve its performance in Motor OD segment. 
Some of the steps which I have mentioned earlier were regarding the claim processing, but 
we also have a new scientific and dynamic pricing tool for motor insurance, which has been 
introduced again on a pilot basis, which has been rolled out in the regions having high ICR. 
This takes into account various risk factors resulting in more prudent underwriting and we 
have ensured recalibration of OD discount - own damage discount in various channels, 
especially the auto tie-ups based on region, model, age etc. 
We have taken steps for reduction of fraud in motor insurance by integrating with Vahan 
database among others. As a result of the above steps, own damage ICR has reduced, and the 
trend indicates an improvement in the days to come. 
With regards to health insurance, one of our best selling products is Yuva Bharat, a product 
focused towards the young millennial generation. We also have a new health insurance top-
up policy in the pipeline with an expected launch in this quarter. Modern treatment rider for 
availing modern treatments up to the sum insured has recently been launched. 
In health, we are aligning with the National Health Exchange. This is a project of the regulator, 
and we are participating in this particular project. Also, we are working closely with the rest 
of the industry towards 100% cashless, which will go a long way in providing better and faster 
benefits to our policy holders. 
Going forward, our focus remains on digital initiative, streamlining processes for increased 
efficiency and increasing our sales force with a focus on our agency channel. New products 
like Surety Bonds have been launched, and we are one of the very few insurers to align with 
NHAI to issue both big bonds and performance bonds for their contractors. This will also go a 
long way in freeing up capital reserves for the growth of infrastructure in India. 
Also, I would like to share that we are in the process of recruitment of specialists like 
chartered accountants, risk engineers, automobile engineers, doctors, lawyers' etc., which 
will further channelize the growth in the right direction. 
I would like to convey to our stakeholders that your company is fundamentally robust and 
strategically well poised to cater to the insurance needs of the country, offering the best 
insurance solutions to our customers, while ensuring right pricing of our products. 
Page 5 of 22 

With this, I now hand over to our CFO Mr. Francis Titus who will give a presentation on the 
performance up to the end of second quarter of2023. 
Titus Francis: 
Thank you, madam. Good evening once again to all of you all and welcome to the conference 
call. This presentation has already been uploaded in the Investor Presentation, which has 
been uploaded on the website. I will just go briefly through the highlights of the two 
businesses. 
Just to give a brief overview, we are the largest general insurance company in India with an 
established brand, expansive multi-channel distribution network and a strong international 
presence. We are number one in India in terms of net worth, domestic gross direct premium, 
highest number of offices and number of claims settled. We have 1,840+ offices plus in India, 
and we are into the 105th year of operation. We have incorporated in 1919. As already 
mentioned by madam, we have sustained our AM Best rating, and we have also got an 
additional Indian rating of Excellent, which is the highest rating by AM Best for the country. 
We have issued 30 million policies in FY '22 -'23, and we have presence in 25 countries all 
around the world, and we are continuing to be the highest market share of 13.09% as of 
September with highest share in fire, marine, engineering, motor, health, aviation and certain 
miscellaneous lines of business. 
Our future strategy would continue to be maintaining or increasing the market share and 
leveraging the benefits of economies of scale driven by growth, rationalization of operating 
offices, maintaining healthy solvency margin and increasing digital penetration, leveraging 
technology to drive customer satisfaction for profitability and growth. 
If you see the composition of business of Rs. 20,760 crore, fire contributes 16% share, marine 
2%, Motor OD 12%, Motor TP 13%, health and PA 47%, and others10%. 
Coming to the channel mix, we have direct at 31%, agency 25%, dealer 8%, bank assurance 
1%, and broker at 35%. Our technical reserves are at Rs. 50,178 crores up from Rs. 47,547 
crores indicating that we are adequately provided. 
The financial snapshot against a gross written premium of Rs.20,760 crore, there is a profit 
after tax of Rs.60.24 crore. That is compared to Rs.19,198 crores in the last half year and Rs. 
151crores of profit after tax in last year. The reasons for reduced profit after tax has also 
been mentioned by GM D in her address. 
The key ratios which are highlighted are the incurred claim ratio, which has increased from 
96.94% to 101% basically because of the CAT losses as well as the development in aviation as 
Page 6 of 22 

well as certain foreign losses. Commission ratio because of the AUM has increased from 
7.53% to 8.82%, and expense ratio has increased from 12.60 to 13.13 because of the 
increased provisioning in salary cost. Because of the high ICR, the combined ratio has come to 
122.98 from 117.06. Solvency is also come down slightly from 1.77 to 1.70, still above the 
regulator's requirement, and the ROE is also at .30% from 1.65%, basically because of the 
reduction in the PAT. 
Coming to the gross written premium, we are showing an accretion in almost all the lines of 
business except for marine. Motor we have increased by32.54% and all others are showing a 
healthy accretion, overall, 8.14% accretion. ICR because of the CAT losses has come up to 
101.03% from 96.94%. Basically, the high ICR is in fire and slightly increase in health line of 
business. 
Coming to the balance sheet, our net worth has increased from Rs. 18,574 crores to Rs. 
19,830 crores. Net worth including fair value increased to Rs. 41,638 from Rs. 37,882 crores 
and investment assets at market value at Rs. 89,839 crores. As mentioned, solvency is at 1.70 
compared to 1.77. So, these are the brief highlights of the financial performance of New 
India. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
We now take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. The first question is from the line of Darshit from Robo Capital Please, go ahead. 
Darshit: 	
So, I just needed two things. Firstly, what would be the combined ratio guidance for the next 
half and for FY '25 and'26? 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, I think Sagar had given a disclaimer that it will be very difficult to make any forward 
looking statements, but our initial target for the year was to have a combined ratio, last year 
it was 117% and our business plan is for reducing this combined ratio taking into account the 
fact that there has been an increase in the expenses of management due to the strategy 
decisions which took place last year and also an increase in the EOM you know, as you know, 
from 1st of April, the expenses of management, the regulator has come up with that 
provision. So, there will be an increase in the commissions. There will be an increase in the 
expenses of management, but we expect the overall ICR to decline in the range of about to 
maybe 115%. That is the target at which we are focusing, but again I said it's a forward-
looking statement, and of course, it depends on the market realities and the challenges of the 
market. 
Page 7 of 22 

Darshit: 
Titus Francis: 
But yeah, a ballpark figure would be fine. And similarly, for ROE, what would be the target, as 
in not a target per se, but some kind of either internal targets or ballpark view for the same 
FY '24, '25, and '26? 
Well, we always aim to be above 10. So, with the reduction in the combined ratio, we always 
try to be there, but it all again depends on how the ICR will move in the remaining two 
quarters. 
Darshit: 	
So, any kind of outlook that you might have currently on ICR going forward? 
Titus Francis: 	
As madam already said that we are looking for a combined of 115. 
Darshit: 	
That would before this year. 
Titus Francis: 	
Yeah. 
Darshit: 	
And for the next the next year? 
Titus Francis: 	
Next year also we will be looking to reduce that further to may be around 110 to112. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Our target basically is to reduce by 3 to 5 percentage points every year and this year, of 
course, because of the increase in OM, we may not be breaching the figure of 3 to 5, but our 
initial plan was 115, and that continues to be the target for the year, combined ratio. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 	
Firstly, on the group on the health business, could you give me the loss ratios in group retail 
and government which was there in first half and also comparable numbers for last year? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
I can share that with you. In group, it's more or less similar. It's currently at about 106% and 
last year also, it was in the same range. Government, yes, we are seeing a spurt in the ICR. It 
is currently in the range of about 120% vis-à-vis 85% last year at the same time at the end of 
September. There was further movement at the end of the year, but as of September, these 
are the figures. 
Prayesh Jain: 	
And retail? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Retail was in the range of about 90% last year. Currently, it is at about 99%. 
Prayesh Jain: 	
99%. What is the reason for this spurt in the government ICR? 
Page 8 of 22 

Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh lain: 
We have government business in Rajasthan and due to the impending elections; we are 
seeing there is a lot of usage of this particular scheme which has resulted in the higher ICR. 
So, we are taking a lot of corrective steps in this to ensure that by the end of the scheme, the 
targets would improve, and we are in discussion with the government officials in Rajasthan 
also to take corrective actions. 
Continuing on the health business, the group business, we have seen that there is an 
increased competition from the player from SAHI particularly and even the other players now 
that the UM regulations have come in, there is increased competition coming in. So, do you 
see it getting more challenging to kind of meet the combined ratio guidance target that you 
have set for yourself, particularly on the health business? And how should we think about 
group health business growth and loss ratio per se? 
So, if you see, you know, we are very focused on our pricing strategy. Now, the retail 
business, there was an increase in the pricing from 1st of July for our regular policies and for 
our floater policies from 1st of August. So, you will see that impact in the ICR to the retail 
hitting our second, our third and our fourth quarter. 
But when it comes to group, we have been very focused on doing the pricing correctly, and 
even last year you would have noticed that we had let go of about nearly 1,000 policies 
where the total GMC, the group premium was amounting to about Rs.804crores. This year 
also we are ensuring that our pricing is as per our strategy only, and in this year also in the 
first 6 months, we have let go of nearly 500 policies, 511 policies to be exact, and where the 
premium is amounting to Rs. 462 crores because of this competitive pricing that you 
mentioned from other players in the market. 
But we are quite confident that, you know, with the correct pricing and with other steps that 
we are taking in group Medi-claim, the overall result by the end of the year would be in a 
much better state. 
Continuing on the health business, there is a lot of portability that's happening on the retail 
side from PSUs to SAHI. And now that you have taken a price hike, also, could you quantify 
the price hike? That would be helpful to us. How do you stop this portability or kind of, you 
know, ensure that you also see a strong growth in terms of number of policies and the retail 
health? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
See, when it comes to the price increase, we have had this price increase after six years. So, 
you know, because during the COVID period, we had not increased the pricing because of the 
impact it would have had on the general public. But after a period of nearly six years, the 
price has gone up. The price range is in the range of 25% to 30% depending upon different 
Page 9 of 22 

Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
age groups and depending upon different age groups, it ranges between 20% to 30% the 
price increase. 
And regarding portability, this has been there in the market for quite a few years. Some of 
our business goes to the SAHI companies and to the private companies. Some of their 
business comes to us. But of course, when it comes to portability, one has to see, you know, 
the kind of business that is being ported into your books, and we are quite focused on 
ensuring that we get new business of the right age group. 
And lastly, on the solvency bit, you are at 170% now. Going down further could be a 
challenging scenario, you know, 150% is not very far off, especially if you look at your trend 
itself, you know, we were at a solvency of 1.87 at the end of FY '23. Today, we are at 1.7. So, 
you know, how should we think about this? Whether, you know, do you think a capital raise 
or a further infusion of capital by government would be needed here? 
Yeah. I would just like to mention this that last year also, when we started the financial year, 
we started with the low of 1.66, but we ended at 1.87. This year, in this particular quarter, as 
I mentioned, the decline was notably due to specific challenges faced in the quarter making it 
one of the most demanding quarters for the company, and this was regarding the 
catastrophic losses which I mentioned, then the adverse development, the aviation plus the 
foreign operations. 
One thing I would like you to note is that these challenges were one-off losses, and beyond 
these extraordinary circumstances, we anticipate stabilization and profitability going forward. 
And despite you would have seen that, you know, adverse events impacting the quarterly 
results, the motor and the health portfolios demonstrated growth hinting at improved 
profitability in these segments also in the future. 
Also, we are seeing the agency channel experiencing a very robust growth, and we are 
foreseeing that it will help in enhancing the results in the quarters. So, these are some 
aspects which, you know, I am sure our results will display. The solvency is bound to go 
upwards in the quarter. Our Actuary would like to add something. 
Sharad Ramnarayanan: 	
We would also like to mention that as per the current IRDAI regulations, the fair value change 
reserve is not counted for the purpose of solvency. So, that is close to Rs. 20,000 crores of fair 
value change reserve, which is lying in the balance sheet but not counted for solvency. Hence, 
I don't think we will need any kind of fundraise like you have mentioned. 
Page 10 of 22 

Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mr. Aadesh Gosalia from Ajcon Global. Please 
go ahead. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 	
So, I had questions regarding the decline in ROI in H1 and what will be ROI for Q2 FY'24, if you 
can just share some numbers for the same and reasons behind the fall or decline in ROI? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
I would request Titus to take this question. 
Titus Francis: 	
I think we have already mentioned that we are looking for an ROI of around 10 at the end of 
the year and may be because with declining ICR which we hopeful in the third and fourth 
quarters, we would aim to come to that level, but it all depends on how the claims would 
move. But this is our target that we should be around 10. 
Aadesh Gosalia: 	
And what is our ICR for Q2 FY24? 
Titus Francis: 	
For Q2? 
Aadesh Gosalia: 	
Yeah, Q2 ICR. 
Titus Francis: 	
It's around 105. 
Moderator: 	
The next question is from the line of Hitesh Gulati from Haitong Securities. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Gulati: 	
My question is on the Sikkim flashfloods. What was the impact on our like what is the 
catastrophic impact out of that? And what is that for the entire industry? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
You are talking of Sikkim particularly or you are talking of the general catastrophic floods 
which occurred in North India? 
Hitesh Gulati: 	
Sikkim flash floods, ma'am. 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Sikkim flash floods, our rough estimate on our net would be in the range of about Rs.50 
crores. This is after taking into account the reinsurance aspect. 
Hitesh Gulati: 	
Ma'am, how much would the industry have faced out of this? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
That is little difficult to estimate as of now. Of course, the biggest one, biggest loss is the 
Sikkim Teesta Urja and the Sikkim government project. So, that it depends on the application 
of that Glacier clause and whether the Glacier clause is applicable that the loss would be 
limited to Rs.500 crores. If it's a full loss, then it would be much higher. So, it would depend 
on the applicability of the clause here. 
Page 11 of 22 

Hitesh Gulati: 	
And this Rs.50 crore includes the damage from the Hydro Dam which the NHPC hydro 
damage was damage, everything included in this Rs. 50 crore, right? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Yes. And I am talking of our net exposure here. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aman Reddy from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aman Reddy: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Aman Reddy: 
I would like to come back to what we were discussing earlier about group and retail Health 
premiums. Firstly, just a broader question; If you could hear management's interpretation of 
the market in terms of the divergent performance in group and retail would be helpful and 
sort of for me to model the growth going forward? 
Secondly, on the group side, you mentioned you have taken a quite meaningful price like this 
year and are letting go of policies that are unprofitable from an underwriting perspective. I 
just like to understand how do you see market share in the group business going forward? 
And you know, when you talk about the group and retail, I understand that from what I hear 
on channel checks that people might be gaining more and more confidence in New India 
policies as a result of improvement in claims' turnaround times and so on, and some part of 
that might be attributable to improving partnerships with TPAs and so on. How do you see 
these TPA relationships? You see scope to improve further from here in terms of that? 
Yeah, you asked quite a few questions. So, you know, I will just answer the min the sequence 
that I remember. One was regarding the retail segment and the group segment. If your 
question was, what is the differentiation between the two, is that what you asked? 
I noticed that the performance, you know, from market share perspective is very different, 
very divergent for New India. And so, you know, from my research, I have done the best I 
could try to understand from the channel check perspective, from the customers' 
perspective. But I want to understand from your perspective what the strategy is going 
forward? Of course, the performance in the group has been quite strong. In retail not so 
much. So, I wanted to hear from you what would you have analyst take away? 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, if you see the overall performance of the head portfolio up to September'23, so the 
market size was Rs. 40,500 crores as against Rs. 32,700 crores of the previous year, and our 
share has been predominant in this market. We currently have a share of about 25% of the 
overall health market, but you are right. Our group business constitutes a major portion of 
this. 
Page 12 of 22 

If you look at the breakup of our health mix, our group is about75%, retail is 15%, and 
government is about 10%. So, yes, there is a lot much higher segment of group. And like I 
mentioned, despite this increase, this segment of the group is despite our having shed quite a 
number of policies and let go of, you know, a substantial amount of premium in group health 
policies. 
But we are doing a lot of things to improve our retail health policies. And first is, of course, 
you know, the pricing is something which we have made corrections in the pricing after six 
years which I mentioned. And we have also launched various efforts along with our agents to 
enhance our retail product visibility and to encourage retail growth. 
We have launched also various new products like the New India City Protect Policy, which is a 
benefit policy for the critical illnesses. Then Atmanirbhar Policy, which is meant for persons 
with disability. We have also recently launched the modern treatment rider for availing 
modern treatments up to the sum assured. This was one ask of many of our retail segments 
and our agents. They wanted this modern treatment cover up to the full sum insured, which 
we have recently, very recently come out with. 
And we also have a very popular policy, Yuva Bharat for young customers up to 45 years of 
age, which we are promoting in a big way. Also, we have revamped our Overseas Travel Ease 
Policy, which is very competitively priced and with very new covers now. 
We have given quite a few aggressive incentives, which we are now giving for promoting our 
health products to our agents for promoting growth in this segment and various other 
measures we have taken, like having a dedicated senior citizens' helpline and a call center for 
senior citizens, which will exclusively attend to their grievances. So, these are some steps 
which we have taken to promote retail health. 
You also mentioned regarding our TPAs. So, I would just like to, you know, share with you the 
number of claims that we are handling. If you see we have handled nearly 50 lakh claims in 
these first six months, 51 lakh claims to be precise, as against a total of 38 lakh claims in the 
previous six months up to of last year. 
So, with this huge increase in the quantum of claims, it becomes absolutely necessary to have 
TPAs to handle this volume of business so that we can extend cashless facilities faster and in a 
better way to our customers. And the association that we have with TPAs is we ensure that 
we do a lot of check of the claims settled by the TPAs, and also, we have ramped up the audit 
of the TPAs, the claims settled by TPAs. We also have our own TPA, which is sponsored by the 
four PSU companies called HITPA, which is also being aligned in a big way to take up retail 
claims. So, these are some of the steps which we are taking to promote health policies in 
Page 13 of 22 

retail, and I am sure that this will, with the increase in pricing, it will help to improve the ICR 
also in the segment. I hope it answers all your queries. I am not sure if I have answered all of 
them. 
Aman Reddy: 
Neerja Raper: 
No, that was very helpful. Can I just have one follow-up on the now that the group premiums 
are risen, could you give me some color on the policies? I know these are group policies. They 
likely be very well diversified in terms of age and all that, but on the retail side as well, could 
you please tell me about, you know, some color on the quality of the policies that we have 
written on the age, whether you think that some of these have been carried for a long period 
of time? And also you mentioned portability earlier. Whether people porting to New India of 
the quality that we want, age that we want? 
Yes, actually when you mentioned that, you know, clientele who have been with us for a long 
time, yes, we do have clients who have been with us for a very long time, and we do have a 
very large segment of senior citizens covered in our policies. Like I mentioned earlier, we are 
a company which is in a 105th year of operations, and we were one of, you know, when 
health policies were launched sometimes in the 80s, from 80's onwards, we have been doing 
the health business. So, we have, and initially, if you recall, it used to be only through the 
agents. 
So, you know, we have a healthy segment of agents and a healthy segment of senior citizens 
also. And in this particular segment, we don't find much portability happening. You know, the 
SAFI! companies are obviously targeting the local team which is a target group for all 
insurance companies. So, we are trying to enable our agents to get more and more of the 
business from the younger age group, and in this context, like I mentioned, we have devised 
policies and add-on covers, which will make it more attractive to the younger generation. We 
are coming out with promotions and publicity also, you know, especially in social media and 
other, you know, and FM and other aspects which are more popular among the younger 
generation and trying to attract that group. 
Yes, also, if you see the price differentiation, you know, the price increase obviously in the 
younger segment would be lesser as compared to the mid-age segment, and with all these 
steps and also the incentives that we are offering to our agents post introduction of EOM, 
obviously targets the younger segment. So, we do expect to see a healthy growth in this 
segment. 
Page 14 of 22 

Moderator: 
Hiren Trivedi: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Titus Francis: 
Moderator: 
Aditi Joshi: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Hiren Trivedi, who is an individual 
investor. Please go ahead. 
Small data points are required. What is the combined ratio for the quarter? And secondly, 
what is the breakup of your, you know, retail customers versus your corporate clients? These 
two data points if you can help me with? 
So, the retail versus corporate is about 60-40. Corporate forms about 40%and retail is about 
60%. I am talking of the overall business that we do. And combined ratio, Titus will share with 
you for the second quarter. 
Around 130%. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditi Joshi from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
So, just a couple of question I have. The first one is actually related to the insurance premium 
hikes, especially in the health insurance segment. So, we have had seen a hike in the retail 
segment recently. So, I just wanted to understand that do you think that going forward, let's 
say, in the rest of this year, we will see further hikes in the segment? And just related one to 
this is that, is there a regulatory cap up to which you can hike premium in the health 
insurance segment both in retailer group in one particular year, please? 
So, I would like to mention, like I stated earlier also, this hike in premium, when it comes to 
retail health, we have done it after 6 years. Actually, as per earlier regulatory guidelines, it 
was not even a provision, but it was a guideline that it should be done once every 3 years. 
But, you know, since COVID happened when we were supposed to do the increase in 2020 we 
were supposed to do that increase. That was the end of the three-year period. Unfortunately, 
since COVID was there, we did not increase it at that time, and we continued with the same 
rate for another three years. 
So, it's only after six years that we have hiked up the premium, and this increase what I 
mentioned is taking into account the inflationary trends and the health inflations, you know, 
additionally, which is higher than the regular inflation. It's actually very reasonable 
considering the increase, considering the inflationary trends. And no, there is no regulatory 
limit as such, but our increase was we had run it through the regulator and they had, after 
discussions with them, it was rolled out. 
Secondly, regarding the group policies, I would like to mention there is, I think the earlier 
question also, there was a mention about the price increase in group. Now price increase in 
group is normally based on the experience of that particular group because as you know, 
Page 15 of 22 

Aditi Joshi: 
every group comprises of various different number of lives and different number of 
sometimes different covers also, some add-ons are separate from the others. 
So, based on the experience of that group and the burning cost, the renewal pricing is worked 
out, and we do factor in further cost of the various other additional costs of operating that 
policy, for instance, the TPA expenses and if there are any other intermediary costs involved. 
We also take into account the inflationary trend, likely inflationary trend expected for the 
year in which that policy will operate. 
So, the group pricing is different from the retail pricing, but what we are seeing now is based 
on our claims experience, the actual increase in group pricing is at times higher than what we 
have seen in the retail segment, again based on the experience of that particular group. 
And also I would like to mention that going forward, the retail pricing, you know, since there 
is actually no regulatory instructions regarding the price increase, what we have decided 
rather than have an increase of 25% to 30%, which does impact our policyholders and, you 
know, we really feel for our policy holders when they come back and say, you know, we have 
been paying this much for so many years and now we have to pay an increase of 25% to 30%. 
So, now what we are thinking is staggering this price increase and doing it on a gradual basis 
every year. You know, rather than having a huge increase, we will be doing it on a smaller 
staggered amount every year going forward. 
I just have a couple of questions more if that is okay. The next one is actually on the mix of 
your policies based on the one-year duration, three-year duration, and five-year duration. So, 
if you are just able to provide any split that you are able to provide on this, please? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
Is that motor you are talking about? 
Aditi Joshi: 	
Like the duration of policies, is it like single premium or the regular, the split of those 
policies? 
Neerja Kapur: 
So, all our policies are annual policies, and they run for 12 months, and the premiums are 
collected on an annual basis except sometimes we have engineering policies, for instance, 
that may be based on the project that would be for, you know, the project period is two years 
or three years. That would be for that period, but predominantly, I think 90%, and in motor, 
we have policies whereas as per again regulatory guidelines, brand new vehicles two-
wheelers, they come for the first year is own damage is for one year and the third party is for 
five years, and for private cars, it is one year for own damage and three years for third party. 
So, is it three years and five years? Is this what you are mentioning? 
Page 16 of 22 

Aditi Joshi: 
Sharad Ramnarayanan: 
Yes, this is clear. Just one last question - I was actually going through your results of the 
segment and just comparing the Health & PA. So, just comparing that when we look at the 
premiums of the health and personal accident segment and whereas to compare the 
investment income from this segment, there is some sort of mis-match. So, can you just help 
explain why even despite having a higher share of premiums, the investment income of this 
segment is lower than the other ones? 
Sharad here. When it comes to investment income, we actually look at how much technical 
reserves that particular line of business is contributing. So, when you look at technical 
reserves against which we have the assets, the technical reserve includes your outstanding 
claims and the unearned premiums. So, when it comes to technical reserves, the maximum 
technical reserves are contributed by the motor line of business and also to an extent the fire 
line of business are much higher because health is a much shorter line, shorter tail, has got a 
shorter tail. So, the claims get paid off very quickly. The outstanding is much lesser. So, since 
your technical reserves are lower, when you look at the investment income, it will be in line 
with the technical reserves. So, that's why you will find a much lower investment income 
attributed to the health line of segment. The entire investment income is just apportioned 
across the various lines according to the technical provisions. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from Emkay Global. Please go 
ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions. First one is on your health. If you can help us understand in the retail 
side, I mean, this kind of 96 odd percent of the claims ratio that you mentioned, that's 
reasonably higher. Now, of course, you have taken a price hike, but this increase in claims 
ratio, I mean, how much of it, if you can try to provide some color, qualitative commentary, 
that will also help. How much of that is driven by the increase in claim frequency? And then 
how much of this is driven by severity? 
And also on the claims frequency side, if you help it, it is because of the kind of some 
morbidity profile changing or is it some behavioral change where sort of customers are now 
more proactive in opting for hospitalization in case of the vector borne diseases like malaria, 
dengue where earlier, they might be just doing wait and watch, now more proactively sort of 
hospitalizing? 
So, if you can help me understand this entire retail health behavior in terms of how much of it 
is claim frequency, how much of it is change in severity and frequency change also, how much 
of that is kind of a morbidity profile changing and how much of that is more to do with the 
behavioral change in the policy holder? 
Page 17 of 22 

Neerja Kapur: 
Avinash Singh: 
Its very interesting actually that you have mentioned, you know, we also do a lot of study on 
this and why the retail segment we are seeing a huge increase in the retail segment. Couple 
of things - Like you mentioned, yes, the claims frequency has increased. It would have gone 
up by 1% to 2% as compared to the earlier years. We did find that after COVID where it is 
resulting in COVID complications resulting in higher frequency, which we would attribute the 
increase infrequency about 10% to 12% of this would be due to the COVID related 
complications. That is one. 
Then secondly, we do find that the hospitals, they had increased their rates post-COVID 
because a lot of post-COVID surgeries were carried out, you know, which were not done 
during the COVID period, but non-COVID related surgeries were done after the COVID period 
was over, and that at that time many of the hospitals had increased their prices. And once the 
prices went up, they never came down. So, that's what I was mentioning, you know, the 
medical inflation being much higher than the regular inflation. So, these two things have 
resulted in an increase in the retail claim cost, which is impacting. Like I mentioned, the price 
correction has taken place, you know, a resultant of over a six years period, and we will be 
seeing a positive impact of that in the coming quarters. So, I hope this answers your question. 
So, largely you are saying that okay, post-COVID whatever term you use, long COVID, post-
COVID complication, that had sort of a changed a bit of frequency. And overall, of course, on 
the severity side, it is more to do with the medical inflation that has sort of a taken-up 
procedure cost meaningfully. 
So, on that front, I guess, of course, because I mean, the health care providers' rate or rather 
sector is not as regulated. I believe there was some sort of voluntary action or initiative on 
the part of GI Council. I think they are trying, or they are exploring to come up with some kind 
of wider sort of package rate or something. So, I mean, are you the government or GI Council 
or the regulator IRDAI doing to sort of check this medical inflation? 
Because the medical inflation as you mention, I mean, of course, one can understand for the 
intermittent period of COVID and all, it is going up. But sustainably, I mean, depending upon 
which insurer we talk, typically a general consensus suggests that okay, nearly 12%, 13% kind 
of annual medical inflation that is far higher than overall inflation. So, is something that a 
regulator, government or council is looking to address? I mean, how are you looking to 
address? 
Because, you can increase price only up to certain point. Beyond the point, the price increase 
will mean that insurance becomes kind of prohibitively expensive for policy holders. So, that 
will affect the growth and sales as well. So, I mean, what are the ways you are exploring to 
sort of check this medical inflation? 
Page 18 of 22 

Neerja Kapur: 
So, I would like to mention that pricing is, of course, just one corrective action. There are 
various other corrective actions that we are taking simultaneously, and it's just not now. We 
have been doing that earlier also. We are doing it more proactively now. One is, we have the 
concept of preferred provider network, which is jointly with the other three PSU companies. 
We have PPN hospitals in our network where we have a total of nearly 4,000 hospitals where 
we have a special package rates devised with these hospitals for any hospitalization which 
takes place in these hospitals for our policy holders. So, these are very special package rates, 
and these package rates are reviewed and revised every few years. But yes, we have tried to 
increase the empanelment in these PPN hospitals. 
In addition, we also the TPAs themselves with whom we have arrangements for handling the 
cashless facilities; they themselves have arrangements with another probably 10,000 
hospitals. So, all the TPAs who are in our network, we take their network also into 
consideration where they have special package rates, and we use those package rates for the 
benefit of our policy holders. 
In addition, like, as you know, there are nearly 30,000hospitals across the country, and 
obviously our 4,000 odd PPN hospitals and the network of the TPAs do not cover this fully. So, 
now GI Council in guidance with the regulator, we are now getting into an agreement where 
we tie up with for 100% cashless across maximum number of hospitals. And so this is 
something which is an initiative taken by the entire industry, insurance industry, and with this 
we hope to cover as many hospitals as possible. 
Obviously, those hospitals which do not come into this network will be looked at a little 
negatively, but you are right. There is no regulation for hospitals, and this is something which 
we have along with the other insurers have taken up this matter quite strongly, but till such 
time as there is any regulation for the hospitals, this is one aspect which we hope to, you 
know, all of us work jointly together and address the issue of medical inflation being much 
higher than the regular inflation. 
Also, there are a couple of other initiatives which we have taken. One is, we are now 
integrating with the National Health Exchange, and this will give us, we are currently in the 
stage of integrating and then sharing data with them. Once this project goes through fully, 
this is again an initiative of the regulator and maximum number of companies are 
participating. Right now a few insurers including ourselves are participating in the initial 
phase, but subsequently, it is the expectation that all insurers would join hands and 
participate in this. 
So, there would be a lot of benefits of this initiative of getting into the national health claim 
exchange. One is, it would provide a digital platform for efficient claims processing. It would 
Page 19 of 22 

also be a gate way for seamless information exchange between the policy holders, the 
patients, and the insurance companies. It would reduce the reduction in processing time and 
the costs. 
So, obviously, it will result in a benefit to the policy holders and the increase every year could 
be reduced, and it will help in fraud prevention. It will be a single gateway for claims 
processing, and it will also facilitate OPD coverage in the times to come. So, we are hopeful 
that with all these initiatives, a lot of work is going in to ensuring that the retail segment, 
performance of the retail segment improves. 
Avinash Singh: 
Just one quick question, if I can follow-up. You have a large equity investment book. Now 
with Ind-AS implementation pending, will that sort of cause, I mean, of course at this point in 
time that IFRS implementation is still emerging event, but, I mean, just what is your 
assessment? Is it going to sort of under IFRS, your large equity book is going to cause a 
volatility, more volatility into P&L or I mean, no, it will be manageable? 
Neerja Kapur: 	
I will request my CFO Mr. Titus to answer that. 
Titus Francis: 
We have that issue to be discussed or we have to take a call on that because it's too early. We 
are still doing a back end calculation as to how to treat the opening balances of the large fair 
value reserve what we have. So, as of now, we are in touch with our consultants as to how to 
get it done so that there is no volatility in the profit and loss going forward. So, we still wait. 
We have also taken up with the regulator as to give us some sort of relaxation and even the 
tax rules are not yet changed so far to deal with this, how to deal with the profit on sales. So, 
we are waiting and watching as to how we can minimize this little. 
Moderator: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go 
ahead. 
Now coming on the motor business, could you provide us a split between two-wheelers, 
passenger cars and commercial vehicles for us this year first half versus last year first half? 
So, in this year, we have seen a good increase. Actually, there was a reversal in trend in our 
motor premium though we did see a good with the new EoM regulations in place. We were 
able to arrest the trend of decline in the motor premium, and we have comeback quite 
strongly on the path of growth by re-establishing our tie-ups with dealers and with our agents 
getting benefits being incentivized. 
Page 20 of 22 

So, we have seen, you know, the commercial vehicle segment has grown quite strongly by 
about 11% and the private car segment by 10%. Then we have seen the two-wheeler 
segment 
going up by, there has been more or less the same the two-wheeler segment. Overall growth 
that we have seen is about 12.5%. This is comprising both OD and TP, but like I mentioned, in 
private car, you have the TP premium comes with about for three years and the two-
wheelers comes with a five year. 
So, what we are seeing? We are seeing a good increase in the OD segment of about 28%, and 
in the third party segment of about 5%. Overall increase is 12.5 and the breakup of 
commercial private and two-wheeler, I have already shared with you. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
What is the share of CVs in our total premium and same for passenger car and two wheelers? 
The share of commercial vehicles would be about 40%-41% in the total premium. 
And passenger car? 
Private cars is 50% and two wheelers is 8%. 
And also could you split this business into new versus old? 
New versus old would be, old, would you mean renewals or would you mean old as a not 
new? 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Neerja Kapur: 
Prayesh Jain: 
Basically the first year, the first vehicle that is first at the beginning of the purchase of the 
new vehicle purchase versus the rest. 
So, when we look at this, old versus new would be in the range of maybe about 70 to 30. 
Yeah. 
And you mentioned on the motor business that agency channel has picked up again. So, do 
you mean that the payouts have gone up from what they were getting earlier? 
Yes, to some extent. 
In the sense what we had understood of the regulations was that the commission line item 
and the marketing expense line item which used to sit on expense of management have got 
merged now. So, the overall payout may not have gone up, but it was just re alignment of 
expenses, but you are saying the absolute payouts of commissions have now gone up for the 
Page 21 of 22 

distributors, which is enabling you to gain market share on the motor side. Is that the fair 
understanding? 
Neerja Kapur: 
Yes. Like I mentioned earlier, there has been an increase in the commission from, if you see 
the half yearly, last year it was 7.53% This year it is about 8.82%.So, that is an increase in our 
overall incentives and payouts to the intermediaries, but then there is a resultant growth also 
in the premium which overall has gone up from about Rs. 19,000 crores to about Rs. 20,700 
odd crores. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you. As there are no questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. 
Neerja Kapur for closing comments. 
Neerja Kapur: 
Thank you, Sagar, and thank you also Gaurav from Concept IR for organizing this conference 
call. I would like to thank all the participants again for attending our call and taking time out 
from the very busy schedules. I hope we have been able to answer many of your queries. But 
if you have any further queries, I would request you all to please get in touch with us through 
our Company Secretary, and we would be happy to address all your queries. Thank you once 
again. 
Moderator: 	
Thank you for being a part of the conference call. If you need any further information or 
clarification, please email francis.titus@newindia.gov.in. Ladies and gentlemen, this 
concludes your conference for today. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you and 
have a pleasant day. 
Page 22 of 22 
