Adani Energy Solutions Ltd  
  Tel +91 79 2555 7555 
(formerly known as Adani Transmission Limited)     Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
Adani Corporate House 
  info@adani.com 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
  www.adanienergysolutions.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, 
 
Ahmedabad 382 421   
Gujarat, India 
CIN: L40300GJ2013PLC077803 
Registered Office: Adani Corporate House, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad – 382 421 
9th November, 2023 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051. 
Scrip Code: 539254 
Scrip Code: ADANIENSOL 
Dear Sir, 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results 
of the Company for Q2 FY 24 
In continuation to our intimation dated 6th November, 2023, please find below 
web link of transcript of the Earnings Call on Unaudited Financial Results 
(Standalone and Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and half year 
ended 30th September, 2023. 
Weblink to access above transcript is as under: 
https://www.adanienergysolutions.com/-
/media/Project/Transmission/Investor/documents/Results-Conference-Call-
Transcripts/AESL_Q2FY24_Earnings-Call-Transcript.pdf   
The said transcript is also attached.  
Kindly take the same on your records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Adani Energy Solutions Limited  
(formerly known as Adani Transmission Limited) 
Jaladhi Shukla  
Company Secretary 
Encl: As above 
JALADHI 
ATULCHANDRA SHUKLA
Digitally signed by JALADHI 
ATULCHANDRA SHUKLA 
Date: 2023.11.09 18:23:56 +05'30'

Page 1 of 14 
 
 
“Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
Q2 FY-24 Investor Update Call” 
November 07, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BIMAL DAYAL – CEO – TRANSMISSION  
MR. KAPIL SHARMA – CEO – AEML 
MR. ROHIT SONI – CFO – AESL 
MR. KUNJAL MEHTA – CFO – AEML 
MR. VIJIL JAIN – HEAD IR – AESL 
 
 
 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Energy Solutions Q2 FY2024 
Investor Update Call. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Bimal Dayal, CEO, 
Transmission, Mr. Kapil Sharma, CEO, AEML, Mr. Rohit Soni, CFO, AESL, Mr. Kunjal 
Mehta, CFO, AEML, Mr. Vijil Jain, Head, IR AESL. Over to you Sir! 
Bimal Dayal: 
Thank you and good morning, all. Good afternoon to some of you logged in from a different 
time zone. Welcome to all the analysts and investors who have joined us for this Q2 FY2024 
update call. I hope that you all are doing well. I am sure you would have gone through the 
press release and the presentation that has been uploaded on our website. Let me start with 
an operational update followed by a financial update for the period ending September 30, 
2023. 
 
Now, I would categorize this quarter as a strong and a steady quarter for AESL and while I 
run through the bullets here you would realize why I am saying this as well. On operational 
parameters it was a strong quarter with an average system availability of more than 99.68%, 
which actually led to an incentive income for the company of Rs. 26 Crores during the quarter. 
The company added 219 circuit kilometers during the quarter and reached a mark of 19,862 
circuit kilometers. Two important things which happened this quarter from a transmission 
business perspective are we have fully commissioned two important lines which we dedicated 
to the nation, which are WKTL lines, Warora - Kurnool, and Karur transmissions lines as 
well. Both have been fully charged and we are very proud of this achievement because only 
WKTL line is a whopping 756 circuit kilometers, it is the largest inter-regional line, which is 
a 765 kV line. On Karur it is a 1,000 MVA capacity and is helping a green evacuation of 400 
KV system in Tamil Nadu. A very important two lines while we did that, we have also 
commissioned Kharghar-Vikhroli 74 circuit kilometers 1,500 MVA capacity which is now 
helping Mumbai wherein 400 KV is coming close to the the Mumbai for let us say alternate 
power supply as well. In terms of network addition and growth, a comparative number here 
is that country level we added 1% on YTD basis, AESL network growth was 5% in first half 
adding 769 circuit kilometers during this period. In terms of capacity addition, while country 
level growth was 2% YTD, AESL capacity growth was 15% in the first half. Also, in terms 
of our under-construction pipeline we are on track, and we will make significant progress in 
coming quarters. As you will know we have been talking about some of the projects which 
are MP-II package, the Khavda-Bhuj line and WRSR. I am very happy to state that the 
progress on these lines is going well and the WRSR line. These projects together will add 
more than 1,300 circuit kilometers to the operational portfolio. While this is something which 
is on the table, we are very buoyant about the upcoming transmission project pipeline which 
is upward of Rs.1,26,971 Crores spanning around 12 to 24 months. A lot of bidding is going 
to take place and I am sure you will be aware of this. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 14 
 
On the transmission business segment, it translates into the financials of almost 8% 
operational revenue growth which we achieved equaling Rs.941 Crores of operational 
revenue in Q2. The revenue growth seen in the transmission business was partially driven by 
commissioning these lines and incentive income as well. In terms of EBITDA growth in the 
quarter we achieved 9% growth with EBITDA reaching an absolute number of Rs.907 Crores. 
Q2 PAT, as you will have noticed for transmission business stands at Rs.259 Crores, which 
is an increase of 8.5%. From profitability point of view, we focused more on cash profit which 
came in at Rs.501 Crores in Q2, which was 4% higher from the corresponding quarter. That 
was around the transmission business. 
 
Let me touch on the distribution business a little. First the operational update and then the 
financial update, then I will run into the consolidated numbers and then we will open for 
question and answers as well. At AEML the Mumbai DISCOM ensures supply reliability of 
99.99% really a number which we are proud of scoring well on all reliability parameters 
including SAIDI and SAIFI. The strong demand momentum continued in Q2 with energy 
demand improving by plus 9% year-on-year to around 2,446 million units. We have managed 
to keep the distribution losses at a record low which comes in at 5.81% against 6% in Q2 of 
FY2023. The distribution losses fell steeply due to seasonal factors like higher billing and 
days amongst others. The collection efficiency stands at a whopping 79.2%. Another great 
aspect which I think we have been sharing transparently with everyone, which we are proud 
of is the share of RE procurement in AEML increased to 38% which is unique, no distribution 
company can boast of such numbers. By the end of September, we were at 38% as committed 
under the July 2021 SLB issuance. Received LOA now for smart meters, there is lot of 
excitement around this line of business. We have received LOA from Maharashtra, Andhra 
Pradesh, and Bihar totaling 14.76 million smart meters with a contract value of Rs.174 billion 
during the quarter. We stand excited about this line of business coming alive soon. Our total 
smart metering under construction pipeline stands at 19.4 million smart meters consisting of 
eight projects with a contract value of Rs.232 billion. On the distribution financial side once 
again a very steady performance as well. The distribution segment revenue stands at the 
absolute number of Rs.2,480 Crores in Q2, which increased by 15% year-on-year on account 
of higher units sold and customer acquisitions. The distribution business continues to deliver 
strong performance with double digit growth in revenue and operational EBITDA. The 
distribution PAT was Rs.25 Crores, which is up due to one-time bookings which were made 
during the last year of the same quarter as well, hence it stands at 155% up year-on-year as 
well. So that was a snapshot of the distribution business and the financials of distribution as 
well. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 14 
 
A quick comment on consolidated financials as well. Our consolidated revenue, as you would 
have noted stands at Rs.3,421 Crores in Q2 witnessed a double-digit growth of 13% on 
account of the newly commissioned projects and higher consumption in AEML as well. On 
a consolidated basis our EBITDA increased to Rs.1,443 Crores in Q2, an increase of 6% year-
on-year. Our PBT of Rs.370 Crores was 48% higher year-on-year from a lower base and 
consequently our PAT ended 46% higher at Rs.284 Crores translating from a higher PBT as 
well. This gives you a snapshot and highlight of the transmission business, the distribution 
business, and the consolidated financials. I will take a pause here and look forward to your 
questions and interaction during the next one hour. Thank you very much. Over to you for 
your questions please. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Ladies and 
gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the question queue assembles. The first question 
is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good morning, Sir. Few questions on my side, first on the transmission pipeline you just 
spoke about 1.27 trillion when do you expect the entire pipeline to get materialized or in the 
sense when do you expect it to get completed and is all the RFQ and RFP have floated 
already? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Yes, thanks Mohit for your question. Your question is about liquidation of these 1,26,971 
numbers which I quoted as the transmission pipeline. Let me back off a little. The source of 
all this is the document which came out in November and December last year highlighting 
the 500-gigawatt ambition which the MOP has laid down for green evacuation. Consequently, 
a lot of transmission lines need to be added and I think the total number there was by 2030 
the number was almost Rs.250000 Crores. What we see is in the next 12 to 24 months we 
will be seeing liquidation of this Rs.1,26,000 odd Crores of pipeline. As we speak the bidding, 
and the reverse auction is going on primarily two very heavyweight evacuations which are 
lined up. One is the Rajasthan corridor and the second is evacuation for Khavda which is 
almost 30-gigawatt, the country’s largest corridor, which is coming up, we are proudly 
participating both from our solar side and the transmission side as well. I think there is a small 
number which is left wherein the RFPs have not been issued but most of the RFPs have been 
issued as well and we strongly feel that a lot of this bidding will take place in next three to 
six months and I think we will see a lot of movement and conversion of this into orders as 
well. This quarter is certainly going to be very heavy with reverse options coming up as well, 
so I hope this answers your question, Mohit. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes, that helps Sir. My second question, is on Bhadla-Fatehgarh, I think the largest HVDC 
line is up for bidding what is the timeline and are we bidding for the same and then the related 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 14 
question is that are you facing any issues or contemplating any issues from sourcing the 
HVDC equipment, we understand that all the factories are full across the world? 
Bimal Dayal: 
So look we are very interested in such corridors and such projects as well because from the 
groups perspective one of the things which we have demonstrated is an unparalleled project 
execution capabilities right from, let us say KVTL or WKTL or the India’s or Southeast 
Asia’s first HVDC line which we brought up as well which we are maintaining so we are 
pretty much the only one in this segment, so yes we are very keen and also rightfully capable 
to execute this project. Well, there is no secret that there is a dearth of suppliers in 765 and 
above segment as well; however, we are pretty much working on all quarters including 
strategic discussions with some of them now to secure our equipment and hence I do not think 
I would like to raise a red flag on this one. The only thing I would like to say is to sum up, 
yes, we are interested, yes, we are very excited about it as well and yes, we are working to 
make sure that if we are successful, we will really deliver this on time with finesse, which we 
are known for. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Sir, the third question is how is the progress on HVDC execution, which we are building up 
in Mumbai and how much capex you have incurred till date? 
Bimal Dayal: 
You mean the HVDC Mumbai line which is under construction? 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes Sir. 
Rohit Soni: 
So HVDC Mumbai project is running on track what we communicated. We are looking for it 
to being commissioned in 2025 – 2026. Our total capex what we had committed is close to 
around Rs.6,600 Crores to Rs.7,000 Crores. Again, our current spending is close to Rs.1,100 
Crores to Rs.1,200 Crores what we already spent. Most of the equipment has been ordered. 
It is more of scheduling of those equipments which needs to be delivered from Indian sites 
and from international sites, so you will see more heavy spending coming in the next 18 
months to deliver this project on track. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood. Thank you, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Congrats for a good set of results. My first question was on the change in regulatory capital 
balance so we booked a reversal of about Rs.300 Crores in Q1 and then now this is down to 
Rs.180 Crores can you just help me understand why we sort of now under collecting back 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 14 
again with respect to what we had collected in 1Q that is question one, question two is more 
in lines of AEML debt could you provide us a gross debt number including all working capital 
loans and what is the cash balance at AEML, additionally is there any plans to provide support 
to the AEML bonds currently and what is your view on the current sort of rating outlook and 
how will it be resolved by? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Yes sure. I will request Kunjal to respond. 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Sure, so the first question was with respect to the regulatory asset base, the amount currently 
stands at Rs.7,870 Crores. Now if you look at it you see the reduction that is primarily on 
account of the depreciation which was provided in the first six months and as you would 
know the capitalization or the addition to the regulatory asset base does not happen in the first 
half. The first half is generally during the monsoon so we do not add any asset base to the 
regulatory asset base and therefore you will see that the capitalization has happened only of 
Rs.200 odd Crores and the reduction on account of the normal depreciation is slightly higher 
by about Rs.300 Crores so therefore you feel that there is a reduction in the regulatory asset 
base at the end of September but once the monsoon are over the capitalization will peak and 
therefore there will be a significant increase in the regulated asset base. We are working 
towards a capitalization or the addition of the regulated asset base in the range of about 
Rs.1,200 odd Crores by the end of this financial year and this will significantly increase the 
regulated asset base by March 2024, so it is only a timing difference that you are seeing a 
reduction in the regulated asset base, otherwise the regulated asset base by the end of the 
financial year would also increase in line with what we have already committed. Second was 
with respect to the gross debt and the cash balance that we have, so basically there has been 
no increase in the debt balance or any additional borrowing which AEML has done. The 
company currently has a gross debt of Rs.11,367 Crores which includes a subordinated debt 
from the shareholder that is QIS, without the QIS debt the total gross debt is Rs.9,350 Crores. 
We do not have any working capital, so the gross debt is Rs.9,350 Crores. The cash balance 
that the company has is Rs.1,183 Crores so the net debt is Rs.8,167 Crores that is $1,300 
million of two bonds and $140 million of cash so equivalent to $1,160 million of net debt that 
the company has. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Understood and with respect to as I asked is there any current plans to support the bonds in 
the market given by their pricing at, I believe that they do not currently reflect what AEML 
should be priced at, is there any plans from the company in that sense? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
So, we will come out with the plans as and when it is approved. Currently there are no such 
plans, but the company does note that the yields are not fairly priced so the management will 
work towards correcting the fair price. Currently there are no such announcements. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Understood and one last question this is more on Adani Energy Solutions as a whole given 
that you have already sort of gotten approval from the shareholders for an equity raise and 
sort of indicated by the wider group that this is going to be completed towards the end of this 
year are there any changes to the timeline now, is this mooted equity raise going to happen 
next year now? 
Rohit Soni: 
Abhiram thanks for that. I would say the plan is on so the only way which we are thinking is 
what is the right timing and what are the instruments to be used so this was more from 
enabling where we said we are looking at a billion dollar of raise so I think we are still 
working on it, so the time what we have given by year end that still holds good from our 
perspective and just to give assurance the current growth what we have the equity support 
100% exists for it because we are generating enough cash from the transmission segment also 
and from the distribution segment. Given the pipeline is going to be a bit healthier than what 
we had anticipated so to prepare ourselves for the higher capex growth plan which comes as 
opportunity we thought that equity raise would help us for us to grow further but the current 
pipeline projects what we have they are fully supported with the equity what we have in the 
business. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Understood perfectly. Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prapti from Alliance Bernstein. Please go 
ahead. 
Prapti: 
Yes, thank you. Just I wanted to check with you on your credit ratings I understand that Adani 
Electricity is on a negative outlook by both the rating agencies so wanted to get some sense 
on what kind of conversations the company has had with the rating agency and what are they 
looking at to resolve this outlook back to stable hopefully and if there are any timelines around 
that that is my first question, secondly I do recall in a couple of quarters back when we had 
met there was this mention of a potential US private placement for as a part of your debt 
management plan so are there any updates around that would appreciate your response on 
these? Thank you. 
Rohit Soni: 
Prapti thanks for your questions so the first one on the rating I think we have been actively 
communicating in fact I would say we are over communicating with the agencies given the 
last six to seven months through which we have been, so the engagements happen at multiple 
levels and if you see we have gone through the whole grind of the rating agencies both 
domestic as well as international. Our ratings stay intact. The only thing which got changed 
was the outlook predominantly stemming out of two reasons one is the noise around the wider 
portfolio that is part A and part B given the noise around it there can be any possible cost 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 14 
increase on some of the loans which the company might have to tie up in the days to come 
and given those two reasons the rating agency had put on a negative outlook. We have been 
actively engaging with them. I think the last six months have been, I would say, learning from 
our perspective and from the market. The last three months I would say lot of positive 
development. I think active engagements are on. We should shortly see certain positive 
developments but that is more coming out of what the noise gets suppressed kind of things 
so that is the part on the rating side. We are actively engaging in fact over engagement is 
happening at this point of time that is part A. I think part two was US private placement yes, 
we were, and we are looking for a private placement of $360 million of transmission assets 
which were commissioned in the last three to four years. That is a size of $360 million, 
transactions and paperwork all are underway, we are just working which would be the right 
opportunistic time for us to conclude the deal so the homework and the paperwork is 
happening at the back end so we are still working if we can get it early next year that is what 
we are working so the work is still in progress. 
Prapti: 
Thank you. Just this one followup on the part A of the question, is there any trigger or any 
event that these rating agencies are waiting for say for instance completion of this US private 
placement they will check the cost of funding or for that matter even Adani Green sort of 
refinancing that happens, is this something that these rating agencies are waiting for before 
revising the outlook or there could be various other elements as well involved in this? 
Rohit Soni: 
No Prapti there is nothing of that sort I will again reiterate all our financing happens at cash 
flow generating SPVs and they all are ringfenced, so there is nothing which they are waiting 
at this point of time. I think it is more on the noise what we have on the outlook side that is 
the only part. The US PP I do not think there is any rate for which they are looking because 
all whatever we have done they either fixed price coupons they are self-contained by 
themselves, so I do not think we are waiting anything at this point of time for. 
Prapti: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bharanidhar from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Bharanidhar: 
Good morning. So, I just wanted to find out because in the initial remarks you spoke about 
Rs. 1.27 lakh opportunity in the next 12 to 24 months even the National Committee on 
Transmission is talking about Rs.70,000 Crores kind of a pipeline in the near term but if we 
see the actual projects that has been awarded it is closer to Rs.10,000 Crores to Rs.15,000 
Crores kind of a number on an average per year so just wanted to find out what are the reasons 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 14 
why actually on the ground projects getting awarded are on a much lower level, what are the 
challenges for this awarding activity? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Yes, thanks Bharanidhar for this question. Once again I will take a step back and I think if 
you go back through quarters you will realize that there was hardly any bidding that was 
taking place and I think at that time one of the mature corridors of Rajasthan was actually 
stuck because of the GIB issues which actually got cleared I think if my memory serves me 
right around Q1 or Q2 calendar quarter this year post that we started to see a lot of traction. 
At the moment as we speak even, I think today and tomorrow there is bidding and reverse 
auction taking place as well for one of the Rajasthan corridors as well, so I think as I 
mentioned earlier that this backlog is being cleared in a very fast manner as well. Let me give 
you the significance and the reason why I believe this backlog will be cleared off as well. As 
you would know that Rajasthan corridor needs lot of upgradation and lot of evacuation as 
well and on Gujarat side, the Khavda project evacuation is almost getting ready at the moment 
in next let us say quarter or two and you will realize that the generation would possibly start 
as well. Once it starts I think we will see very heavy numbers coming in and I do not think 
this time we will actually miss out on evacuation that the transmission lines are now ready 
and we have the farms ready as well so I think in next one quarter you will certainly see the 
large bids coming out as well so I am not too worried about month, year or two. Yes, whatever 
has happened is a smaller number but what is going to happen in the next two quarters there 
will be a lot of catching up that will take place as well so there are big ones lined up including 
HVDC as well. 
Bharanidhar: 
That is very clear so if I were to just ask about the potential on this HVDC line this is this 
Bhadla-Fatehgarh line, right? 
Bimal Dayal: 
That is right so there is one HVDC line there and two coming up in Khavda phase five. 
Bharanidhar: 
What would be the name of that Sir? 
Bimal Dayal: 
This is phase 5A and C if I am not mistaken. These are fairly heavy projects in Khavda. 
Bharanidhar: 
So, this Bhadla-Fatehgarh and two in Khavda put together how much would be the total size 
Sir, would it be each Rs.10,000 Crores kind of number? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Bhadla is Rs.12,000 Crores, I think phase 5A is Rs.24,000 Crores and C is Rs.12,000 Crores 
as well. 
Bharanidhar: 
That is very helpful. All the best and thank you very much. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you, Sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is regarding the smart metering 
so what is the current order like the bidding pipeline that we have which are the large tenders 
that we are expecting to open up in this fiscal? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Thanks. I will request Kunjal to respond. 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Sure, so basically as already communicated so the total smart metering pipeline that we have 
is around 19 million meters and that roughly works out to around total contract value of about 
232 million. The total size which is there is around 23 million quantities of smart meters 
which are available out of which we have already signed or are selected as one under the 19 
million meters. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir I was asking for incremental order inflows going forward? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
So basically, see this is a bid process and as and when the bids are won the incremental so 
the total pie which is available across India is about 25 Crores meters so that is huge pipeline 
out of which we have around close to 2 Crores meters. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir out of this 232 billion worth of order that we have so what is the expected capex for these 
and when should we expect the revenues to start coming in? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Sure, so the capex part is dependent on various types of technology and various types of the 
topography that is included in it. The typical size of the project as well as the entire 
architecture that we deploy on smart meters is dependent on it, so it is very difficult to quote 
a particular number as to what would be the capex size but suffice to say that the entire smart 
meter in process is significantly value accretive to AESL and roughly in that range of around 
15% to 20% incremental returns are expected from smart metering. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
A lot of smart metering orders have been given out in the past one to one-and-a-half years so 
do you expect to face any sourcing issues for such a large number of meters and are we also 
complying with the 65% local value addition norms do we expect to meet that? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Smart metering is not a very, very technology this thing so basically the entire technology 
and entire infrastructure which is there is locally available in India so we will be able to 
comply with whatever requirements are there. The metering technology has been prevalent 
in India since several times. There could be certain pieces of communication which we could 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 14 
need to be imported but that also is evolving, and we will be able to meet the requirements of 
whatever Make in India or the local requirements are there. The more important thing which 
is there is that the entire backhand or the supply chain has now evolved and there is an entire 
ecosystem which will cater to this demand of completing the smart metering. On your earlier 
question as to when the revenue will arise, the most important part of this project is that the 
cash to capex cycle is very limited. We do not have to wait for 24 months or 36 months for 
the entire project to get completed and then start earning the revenue. The revenue will start 
earning as and when the meters are installed so it is more like a churning of a working capital 
deployment which is required or the capital which is required so in three months to four 
months time as and when the capex is incurred we will immediately start earning the revenue 
so that is the beauty of this project is that the cash to capex cycle is very, very limited unlike 
other projects or other infra projects. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Have you started ordering for these meters already? 
Bimal Dayal: 
Yes, we have started ordering so the first project that we won was in the West region which 
is in South Mumbai, the other project is in the Assam, for both these projects we have started 
ordering for the entire meter requirement. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Just a final question on parallel licensing so any update on that? 
Kapil Sharma: 
Yes, Nikhil so the application which we have made to MERC for Navi Mumbai and UPRC 
for Gautam Buddha Nagar there are certain additional requirement which commission asked 
us to submit which we have submitted recently so now they will be processing our 
applications at both the states. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you and all the best and wish you a Happy Diwali. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Love Sharma from JP Morgan. Please go 
ahead. 
Love Sharma: 
Thanks everybody for the time. I just have a couple of questions. If you could just highlight 
on the capex side what is the total capex we are looking to do at Adani Transmission for the 
entire this year and how much has been spent in the first half and excluding AEML and 
secondly related to that would be on the funding side has there been any new facilities or any 
new funding which you have arranged on the debt side to take care of the capex requirements 
and aside to that would be the go to market of the construction facility if you could just 
highlight how much is the availability there and if you are looking to add something more to 
that? Thanks. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 14 
Bimal Dayal: 
Yes, Rohit please go ahead. 
Rohit Soni: 
Love thanks a lot. Good to hear from you again so I think capex you asked three set of 
questions. I think on capex the guidelines what we have been giving is every year we look 
between 55 to 60 billion capex that is there for us, so we have been on track for it and our 
first half numbers are also in line with those numbers. I think we have done close to around 
25 billion capex so far and that is the capex number. The second part is funding I would say 
very good quarter from funding perspective, so we have been able to do the financial closure 
for HVDC line which is under construction in Mumbai. The first drawdown happened in this 
quarter so that has happened significantly. Then there were four more projects for which we 
were working on financial closures which got concluded in this quarter of which for two 
projects we have been able to draw the funds also to the tune of Rs.750 Crores across $80 
million to $85 million so that is on the financial closure and funding so that is working pretty 
well. The third part of what you said was go to market facility which you are referring to the 
construction facility. If you take the construction facility what we have done was a $700 
million construction facility revolving up to 1.1 of which I think two transmission lines which 
were WRSS and Lakadia-Banaskantha LBTL lines were commissioned last year. I think we 
used $170 million of the construction facility line for them so those lines are operational, this 
is what we do on the USPP those limits can be vacated out. KVTL, I think Mr. DayalJi 
mentioned about it that kV line has been connected to the grid. We are just waiting for the 
legal circuit to be completed. With that the KVTL project should also be done. We are 
targeting that to happen in this quarter so with that the third line also gets constructed so all 
the funds will be available for the HVDC construction. Currently $300 million is what is the 
first branch of it. I think that will take care of most of the requirements for this year and early 
next year, so the go-to-market facilities are operating well for us. The funding has also 
happened. This is a very positive from this thing and they have been in line with what we 
expected so that is where we stand now. 
Love Sharma: 
Great thanks Rohit. Thanks. I appreciate it. So just to confirm the go to market facility or the 
construction facility the current availability is how much again? 
Rohit Soni: 
For KVTL we have the balance I think it was close around $230 million that is available for 
KVTL. We have drawn I would say between $80 million to $85 million. The balance would 
be taken out or there might be saving to that extent. The HVDC is a $300 million tranche one 
that fund is available. Post the takeout the balance Q2 would be available so a total of $700 
million go to market facility is available for HVDC. 
Love Sharma: 
Understand got it and then just one more question on the facilities or the financial closure of 
the lines which you mentioned I believe those are the facilities in the onshore loan market? 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 14 
Rohit Soni: 
Correct so we we have drawn those funds from the onshore markets, so we have not done any 
offshore. Offshore we done the construction facility and we done the onshore. Post the 
completion we have been communicating earlier also as the derisking strategy from 
management post the completion period and say one year of history. If we look at go-to-
market facilities or take out a long term ultra bond where the interest is fixed so that the return 
to the shareholder, the cash flows and everything are known, and they minimize the risk kind 
of things so that would happen. That is the part of the normal cycle which we will do it so 
that is the reason why we have these private placement discussions going on. Post that again 
say year or year-and-a-half later we will again look at similar kinds of facilities to be done. 
Love Sharma: 
Could you share the pricing on this from the onshore project loans which you would have 
raised and what kind of pricing internal have you got? 
Bimal Dayal: 
I would say at market if you were looking at exact number it ranges between say 9.5% to 
10% kind of number. 
Love Sharma: 
AEML I believe you have not released the Q1 results yet is there any timeline as to when you 
you could expect Q1 and Q2 from AEML? 
Rohit Soni: 
Say again Love. We could not hear the last AEML? 
Love Sharma: 
What I meant for the AEML Adani Mumbai I believe I could not see the Q1 and Q2 numbers 
on the website is there a timeline as to when you would be releasing those? 
Kunjal Mehta: 
Between today and tomorrow we will release it. 
Love Sharma: 
Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhiram Iyer from Deutsche Bank. Please 
go ahead. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Sorry just a followup question on the HVDC line is this still structurally under AEML as of 
now or has this been shifted already? 
Rohit Soni: 
The structure is still the same Abhiram. 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Got it and the plan is still to complete the construction under AEML and then shift it later? 
Rohit Soni: 
Yes, that would be decided at that point in time. 

 
 
        Adani Energy Solutions Limited 
November 07, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 14 
Abhiram Iyer: 
Got it understood. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sharon Chen from Bloomberg. Please go 
ahead. 
Sharon Chen: 
Congratulations on a good set of results and thanks for taking my question. Just to clarify on 
the capex guidance, can you break down this year’s capex guidance by transmission, smart 
meters and also distribution and given you have talked a lot about the strong pipeline do you 
expect capex to increase from next year? Thank you. 
Rohit Soni: 
Sharon I think the annual capex guidance what we had said $55 billion to $60 billion, if could 
take broad numbers for this current year you should be looking at between say $45 billion to 
$50 billion coming on the transmission segment. If you take AEML which is a distribution 
segment that stays between $10 billion to $13 billion that is part B and smart meter I think 
commissioning and deployment just started in this current year so I think it will be a small 
number even product so that that would progress it up. We have got a 30-month window for 
construction so that would happen predominantly in the next year and then year later to it. 
You have asked what is likely to happen going forward. I think with the HVDC line which 
connects Mumbai that is going to be a big capital investment of say Rs. 6,500 Crores to 
Rs.7,000 odd Crores so that would see more spending coming on that line in the next couple 
of years so you might see a bit elevated capex spending but more or less in line with the 
guidance what we have been communicating earlier so that is why we stand here. 
Sharon Chen: 
Great. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand over the conference 
to Mr. Bimal Dayal for closing comments. Please go-ahead Sir. 
Bimal Dayal: 
Thank you very much for all your questions and thank you for joining in on this call. We 
really remain excited about what we are doing, excited about the sector we are in and the 
growth and the participation in the coming tenders as well so there is a lot happening as you 
will know. With this I would only say that eyes down for the coming quarter and as you would 
know that we are also entering into this festive season as well, so I do not want to miss an 
opportunity to wish you and all your loved ones a Happy Diwali and a Merry Christmas. Stay 
safe. Thank you very much once again for joining in. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much Sir. On behalf of Adani Energy Solutions that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
