 
 
20th November, 2023 
To, 
The General Manager-Department of  
Corporate Services, 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
 
The Manager-Listing Department,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
"Exchange Plaza", 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. 
Scrip Code: 530999 
Scrip Code: BALAMINES 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub.: Submission of Earnings Call Transcript under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Investors/Analysts call held on Friday,                            
10th November, 2023 to discuss the Q2FY24 Financial Results of the Company.  
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Balaji Amines Limited 
 
 
 
Lakhan Dargad 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: a/a 
 
Lakhan 
Suganchand 
Dargad
Digitally signed by 
Lakhan Suganchand 
Dargad 
Date: 2023.11.20 
15:28:50 +05'30'

Page 1 of 11 
 
 
“Balaji Amines Limited 
Q2 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 10, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. D. RAM REDDY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – BALAJI 
AMINES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. GAGAN DIXIT -- ELARA SECURITIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Balaji Amines Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Elara Securities Private Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after 
the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal 
an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gagan Dixit from Elara Securities Private Limited. Thank 
you, and over to you, sir. 
Gagan Dixit: 
Yes. Thank you. Very good evening, and warm welcome to everyone. It is our pleasure to be 
able to bring to you the management of Balaji Amines Limited led by Mr. D. Ram Reddy, who 
is Managing Director. 
I will now hand over the conference to the Balaji Amines Management. Over to you, sir. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Thank you, Gagan. A very good evening and a warm welcome on behalf of Balaji Amines 
Limited to all of you who have joined us for this concallConcall to discuss the financial 
performance of the Q2 and H1 financial 2024 and performance of the company. We appreciate 
your time and interest in our company's performance. I hope everyone had an opportunity to go 
through the financial results and investor presentation, which have been uploaded on stock 
exchange. 
 
During the second quarter, we encountered a series of unprecedented challenges in the specialty 
chemical industry. This period was marked by unprecedented hurdles, impacting our revenue 
streams. Firstly, rapid and unexpected shifts in input costs significantly affected our earnings. 
We have worked diligently to manage these cost fluctuations to safeguard our financial 
performance. Additionally, a trend of destocking among global industry players, impacted our 
sales and the trend we have observed to some extent in the Q3 as well. The global pharmaceutical 
API and agrochemical industries also faced headwinds that affected our operations, creating a 
complex and challenging business environment.  
Moreover, in our subsidiary company, we initiated a maintenance shutdown and debottlenecking 
process in our existing plants to enhance our product mix. The strategic move aims to improve 
realization, profitability and capacity utilization. While this initiative temporarily impacted our 
consolidated financial performance, we firmly believe it positions us for long-term success. 
However, we firmly believe that the present challenges represent a temporary hurdle that is 
poised to stabilize over the course of the next 2 quarters.  
We have expressed confidence in our prospects for the medium to long term. Our ongoing 
projects are progressing as planned, and we continue to adhere debt-free approach. We are 
aiming to introduce distinctive products, enrich our product portfolio and establish state-of-the-
art manufacturing facilities. 
 
Maintaining our leadership in Amines and their derivatives within India has been fundamental 
to our success. Our extensive range of specialty chemicals continues to distinguish us from our 
competitors.  

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 11 
 
We are pleased to report that our Unit IV projects are on track and are expected to be 
commissioned as scheduled. 
 
Now let me take you through the consolidated financial and operational performance. Revenue 
from operations for Q2 FY '24 stood at INR 387 crores as compared to INR 469 crores in Q1 
FY '24. Total value stood at 27,613 MT for Q2 FY '24 as against 26,820 MT in Q1 FY '24.  
EBITDA for Q2 FY '24 was INR 61 crores as compared to INR 104 crores in Q1 FY '24. 
EBITDA margin for Q2 FY '24 stood at 16% as against 22% in Q1 FY '24. PAT for Q2 FY '24 
was INR 36 crores as compared to INR 68 crores in Q1 FY '24. Diluted EPS for Q2 FY '24 stood 
at INR 10.71 per equity share as against INR 16.28 in Q1 FY '24.  
For Q2 FY '24, Amines volumes stood at 8,092 MT. Amines derivatives volumes stood at 10,236 
MT and Specialty Chemical volumes stood at 9,285 MT. 
 
On a stand-alone basis, we are a zero-debt company. Looking ahead, we have strategic capex 
and new proposed products, projects plants in place to fuel our future growth journey. We've 
initiated the capex for setting up the following plants, which will significantly contribute to 
expansion.  
1) 
n-Butylamine : , the new expansion project work is progressing at brisk  speed. The plant 
is expected to be commissioned during the fourth quarter of financial 2023 and '24. 
2) 
Methylamine : The project implementation is progressing as planned. The project is likely 
to be commissioned around the second quarter of FY 2024 and '25. 
3) 
Dimethyl ether : The project for manufacturing Dimethyl ether is initiated to be set up in 
Unit IV and the detailing and engineering is completed and the company has started civil 
works. The plant is expected to be commissioned during the first half of the FY '24 and '25 
(end of FY 2025). 
 
The company is proposing to take up the following projects at Unit IV.  
o N-Methyl Morpholine (NMM) - 3000 TPA 
o N-(n-butyl) Thiophosphoric triamide (NBPT) - 2500 TPA 
o Pharmapure Povidone (PVP K-30) - 4000 TPAAll these products are first time in the country, 
and  
o The company is proposing to go for a solar power plant in Solapur, Maharashtra. And  
o The company has already initiated a solar power generation plant for captive  consumption 
at Unit IV on all the sheds, buildings for about 1,600 KW, costing approximately INR 7.5 
crores for the compliances of Netzero under ESG to reduce carbon footprint. 
 
Looking forward, we hold a positive outlook for stronger, long term opportunities. We anticipate 
the fiscal year 2024- '25 to be marked by growth and increased prospectus as market conditions 
improve. Our ongoing reliance on our inherent strengths and the competencies continues to 
guide us as we navigate market complexities and strive for greater excellence as a leader in 
Amines and Specialty Chemicals. 
 
And I wish you happy Diwali to everyone. Now we can open the floor for question and answers. 
Thank you. 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 11 
 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Jaiveer Shekhawat from AMBIT Capital. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Sir, my first question is in relation to the challenges that you've addressed in the opening 
remarks. So I do pay attention to the fact that you're mentioning there have been some 
unprecedented challenges that you face in this quarter. But what I have seen over the last 6 to 7 
quarters is there have been many challenges that have continued nonetheless, although there are 
different reasons every time for the decline in revenue or the margins. 
 
And if I remember the guidance, 2 quarters back, I mean, there was margin improvement 
guidance of about 5% to 7% as well as improvement in the overall demand. Now while you are 
saying that you expect things to improve, say, 2 quarters out, but what sort of gives you that 
confidence? Because if I compare your guidance in the last 2 quarters, I think things have turned 
for worse versus what you were expecting. So your comments there. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, looking into the market in that situation, we thought that things will improve. But what 
happened around the world, people have started destocking their high-value stocks looking into 
the market and the prices have come down and specifically in the API and agro chemical 
industry, they went back to worst situation that was the reason. 
 
And second thing, some of the raw materials because of the volatility, it has impacted very badly. 
And now the confidence why I'm telling you, we have seen that improvement, if you take the 
half yearly volumes, volumes have increased when you compare to the last year and this year, 
there is about more than 2,000 tons volumes have been improved. Looking into this, the 
destocking from the global market will complete. 
 
And going forward, looking for the current months, what we have seen the -- some increase in 
the offtake from the customers. As I mentioned, this quarter -- majority of this quarter also will 
go like this. Further 2 quarters, we are expecting that there should be definitely improvement in 
the market. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
And sir, can you specify what kind of volume increase, as you were mentioning that you've seen 
on a Y-o-Y basis? And then given there has been an overall decline in revenues, was that largely 
due to realization pressures? And to what extent? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
This is because of the realization pressure only because of the -- because if you see the Europe, 
many of the companies are doing below 50%-40% level because we were doing almost 15%-
20% for the Europe. And our customers who are into the API market, they were also mostly 
depending on the outside country, which are not doing well. They are also all doing more than 
30%-40% below the earlier quarters. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
And sir, lastly, on the Chinese competition, what I hear from your listed competitor is there has 
been a lot of Chinese competition that have entered into the Indian market, pushing prices further 
down for a lot of your key products. So what is your sense on the Chinese competition? And 
again, what does it take for the Chinese to get out of the market and for your realizations to 
bounce back? 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 11 
 
D. Ram Reddy: 
For us, we have only 2 to 3 products with the Chinese competition. That is one is the EDA in 
Specialty Chemicals. And in Balaji Amines, we have 2, one is Morpholine and other is NMP. 
These are only 3 products we are facing the direct competition from the China. And that is also, 
as I said, destocking, they were having huge stocks, even I was discussing during the recent 
exhibition CPHI worldwide, which was held in Barcelona. We were discussing a couple of 
Chinese competitors and even European competitors. Everybody is having heavy stocks. They 
were not looking at the price. They wanted to encash their stocks. And they're making the huge 
losses. And they want to empty all the warehouses of the finished stocks. So that's what happened 
for the last 2 months. So I expect future that everybody can do their calculations and the things 
will improve. And there should be definitely positive -- how long they are going to make the 
losses. Because, one thing Mr. Shekhawat, raw material, there is no much change as we have 
gone to such a below level some 40% to 50% impact on the revenue and 30% of the margins is 
impacted. So I don't think that there is that much difference between China and India cost point 
of view. It is definitely the people are doing the losses. So nobody can do -- prolonging doing 
the continuous losses, right?  That is the reason we expect that -- yes. 
Jaiveer Shekhawat: 
Where you are facing more pressure across the segments? Is it more on the amines -- basic 
amines side, more on the derivatives or say the specialty side of the portfolio, that will be my 
last question. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Majority in the specialty. Actually, amines, we are not having that much. We are very strong on 
the Methylamines and Ethylamines. Those are the plants which have helped us -- showing some 
face today what we have -- whateverresults we are showing because of the Methylamines and 
Ethylamines we are doing very well. And some of the Methylamines derivatives also helping 
us. 
 
Only specialty like NMP, Morpholine, NEP, these are the products because there was some big 
volatility. Just we came out of the volatility that's the high cost inventories also finished just in 
this quarter only. If you see the inventory also, if you compare with the earlier year quarter with 
this quarter, I think it is very -- reasonably, very low inventories maintained in this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Rupani, an Individual Investor. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Sir, my first question is when the Concall was held on September 8 last time, so you have told 
us that Butylamine will be completed before December. And DME will be completed -- the plant 
will be completed by end of FY '25. And now in the press release, you have said that Butylamine 
will be completed in Q4, and DME will be completed in Q2. So DME, is it preponed and 
Butylamine is postponed, am I correct? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
No, no, no. You are not seeing not read properly. See, December end, it will be commissioned, 
means fourth quarter, that is January to March, it will be working position, you will see for the 
Butylamine, that is number one. Number two, we never mentioned Di-methyl Ether that is you 
are talking about the methylamine, which is very well going to be second quarter of FY 24-25. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. So now my next question is now in the press release, you have announced new product 
that is NMM, NBPT  and PVP K-30. So my question is in Unit IV, we have 90 acres, out of 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 11 
 
which 30 acres is greenbelt. In 45 acres, we have methylamine, butylamine, DMC, PG, PC. In 
15 acres, we had planned butylamine, DME, DMF and ACN. So with these new 3 products, is 
there space available for the DMF new 30,000 tons and ACN 15,000 tons? And what about 
DMAHCL? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
DMAHCL is already there. And in the existing plant we have already done, we just not 
commissioned.  -- 75% of the work is completed in this Unit III, which I told you earlier this 
thing also, 7,500 tons. And you are right, these are products identified for the next -- and then 
just one second, I want to clarify you. We are going to finish all these Butylamine, Methylamine, 
Dimethyl Ether, first. After finishing this, then you will hear definite dates of these other new 
identified products like N-Methylmorpholine, which is going to be used our own morpholine 
and our own MMA. We have just identified some new process, that is one thing. 
 
And NBPT, which goes in the agro industry, nobody is making in the country. It is mostly 
outside countries, which is used in America to reduce the urea consumption for the certain crops. 
We've done a lot of R&D work on this-- If you see our environment clearance, we have taken 
environment clearance for this  product about 1, 1.5 years back. More than 2 years back, we 
have taken. From that day onwards we are working on it. Now we have successfully completed. 
And after the Dimethyl ether, we are going to take. 
 
As regard to space, we are just trying to squeez out internally. And we are asking for the MIDC  
also if they can give some space. You are right that DMF, we have not taken as of now because 
the existing plant itself, we are not getting any support from the government. Other countries 
they are trying to dump. First we want to streamline the existing DMF plant for the 30,000 tons 
in full swing. Then only we will talk. If required, we may ask the government for the additional 
land. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. So as for currently if you want to put up a new DMF and ACN, so there is no space 
available? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
ACN is in the existing plant -- listen, Unit IV, we are not doing any ACN, because ACN has 
been kept away because of the market condition, people are still using the Acrylonitrile based 
ACN. ACN market is not good. So that's the reason the new products are identified. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay, sir. And my question was on Balaji Specialty Chemicals. Now you have just said the 
debottlenecking is complete, okay? So... 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Not completed, it is going on. Not completed, half of the work in this quarter we have done. In 
the third quarter also, some work is going on. As of now, the plant is under maintenance-- not 
only that -- there is a big column is under errection which will be completed by 15. Today is 11. 
By 15 or 20, we are going to complete, then we will start the plant for the additional capacity. 
And we are also, as I said, working on that conversion of EDA into Piperazine that work is also 
going on. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. So now, so for that 100 acres, which we have got allotment and the last Concall you said, 
we've just received the papers and all. So any update on that? Have you received the environment 
clearance for the same, for the new product? 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 11 
 
D. Ram Reddy: 
I will tell. There, we have taken 27 acres of the private land and 68 acres of the government land. 
And on that, we have already submitted the papers for the 5 to 6 products to the environmental. 
Maybe in the next 1 or 2 months, you will see. We have got the TOR already triggered and for 
the study, which may take 45 days to 60 days' time to get the environmental clearance. After 
that, you will see the land digging-- actual working on that. That project is there, that is called 
Balaji Specialty Chemicals, Unit II, we call it. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. And in Balaji Specialty Unit I now after the debottlenecking, what will be the capacity 
utilization? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We will have to see, minimum 5% to 7% capacity increase in -- increase should be there. And 
more than that, we are going to get the value-added products. Like earlier, we used to get the 
AEP lesser quantity where the price is good and AEEA we are not getting the actual required 
purity. All those things will be attended by this debottlenecking and maintenance. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. Sir, my next question was on Ethylamines. Now your competitor Alkyl has just 
commissioned a new 30,000 tons plant -- 30,000 to 35,000 tons, 100 tons per day. And our 
capacity is 22,500 tons. I think the domestic demand is about 40,000 tons. So what does this 
have the impact on the prices of Ethylamines and our capacity utilization? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Today, even today also, we have an advantage of the price advantage. There are 2 types of things. 
One is high claim that our cost of the production because of the new technology that I said 
earlier, we get the advantage. And second thing, the raw material availability for Ethylamines is 
around the Solapur, surrounding our plant only, that is ethanol. 
These are the 2 plus points for us. I don't know you are telling that 30,000, but I've never seen 
this figure anywhere. They said that, they'll improve -- increase their capacity, but they never 
said that 100 tons per day, I don't know how far it is correct. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
I have attended the Concall. That's why I told you. Anyways, my next question on DME. Sir, 
last time, you had talked about mixing of DME with LPG and we have submitted the papers to 
NITI Aayog. So any update on that? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We expect in the coming 1 or 2 months, there should be an official notification. The government 
has already returned to the BIS, Bureau Of Indian Standards to -- pick the capabilities up LPG 
tanks, existing tanks and mixing up the DME in the LPG, 30%, they said less than 20% to 30%, 
they are talking to -- they are going to follow. They're going to make the compulsory for all the 
oil companies also. It is too early to say, but we will hear in next 2 months. It is in the process. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
My next question was on ACN. Have we applied for antidumping duty because the competitors 
said that they have not yet applied for the antidumping duty, they may apply. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We have not applied. If somebody is applying, then we may join them. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. And my next question was on DMC. Sir, last time also I asked you about DMC plans for 
Exide and Amar Raja for setting up lithium and battery plants. So any update on that? 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 11 
 
D. Ram Reddy: 
No, no, I cannot tell that because as we have signed the NDA with them. The moment we start 
that, you will hear that. We are already series of meeting -- doing on. Even today, we had a 
meeting with those lithium battery manufacturers. You will hear that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Mishra, an Individual Investor. 
Varun Mishra: 
My first question is, like, what are the domestic export mix right now for us? And like where 
will we be targeting down the line over the next 1 or 2 years, sir? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We are always trying to do more than 25% to 30%. Actually, 25 -- if I do the 25% that will give 
me the natural hedge for my imports if I do some imports also. that’s the reason we are targeting 
in coming 1 or 2 years, we should do -- touch to 25% to 30%. Presently, we are doing 15% to 
17% of the total products from the total turnover. 
Varun Mishra: 
Sir, my next question is, like as you mentioned in the commentary that we have been facing 
headwinds in the pharma and agro industry. So can you throw some light like what are the 
issues? And then when can we expect this to settle down? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, simply, they are not doing their capacities down many -- India and outside also, many 
people are going below 50% only. They are saying that they are not getting their prices 
worldwide countries where prices are not viable for them, that’s the reason they have down the 
capacities. So whereby our products also consumption has come down. 
Varun Mishra: 
Okay. So like when can they expect this to settle down, sir? Any approximate time? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Looking at the -- I can only assume. Like you, I'm also human only because if I say today,  you 
will immediately ask me in the next concall you said like this. See, looking into the sense -- 
percent sense what we have seen, like last month, someone must have taken 150 tons. Now, he 
is talking about taking 200 tons. So, that gives me some indication that there is an improvement 
in the market. What we have seen in the current month and we expect at least a quarter though, 
half of the quarter has gone with the similar problems. Coming quarter, after this quarter, coming 
two quarters, we are expecting there should be improvement in the margin as well as total sales 
also. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshan Shah, an Individual Investor. 
Darshan Shah: 
So my first question was, are we facing any type of raw material supply issues? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Not really. There were some issue because for the Specialty Chemicals. You know that we 
consume one product,  Monoethanolamine, which was basing on the Ethylene oxide and there 
was one big plant that is Dow plant in the USA because it has gone for the force majeure  and 
about 2 to 3 months there was a, not real guided, but prices have shoot up. And that has been 
come down for the last week. we are seeing the -- easing of that raw material, prices should 
come down. 
 
Other than that raw material, I don't see any problem in the availability of raw material. Unlike 
other countries, like ammonia still some of the countries are facing the problem who are 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 11 
 
depending on the either Ukraine or Russia, since that is -- war is still continued. They are still 
facing the problems. Whereas in India, we never faced any problem of the shortage, but there 
was a -- prices have been increased because of the shortage outside country, which was 
temporary. And slowly, they are setting down to the normal level for the pricing point of view. 
Darshan Shah: 
And do you expect this trend to continue in the upcoming quarters as well, for key raw materials 
as well as the other materials? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
I don't think other than this quarter, this current quarter, which we are talking, today is November 
up to December, we feel that there may be some headwinds like these. But January onwards, 
there should not any problem because why I'm telling you, I have not seen any problems in 
getting the raw materials and the prices are sitting down. 
 
The only problem we are seeing from the end user side, they are not doing well. Their products 
are not moving properly. So those are only the problems, and they are not getting the prices 
whereby -- they are not giving us the prices, that is that which is -- which may impact on the 
bottom line. But otherwise, we expect -- after this quarter, there should be some positive trend. 
Darshan Shah: 
Yes, sir. So that is actually, you've answered part of my next question to -- because my question 
next leading into it was because even to the previous participant you mentioned that you expect 
better margins than at least sales going forward, not the immediate quarter, but some time down 
the line. So I just wanted to understand your sense of what do you feel the demand that the end 
market part, key end market agrochem, pharma. So what are the general overall views on 
demand side. How are they holding up? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
I will tell you because people were having very heavy stocks. For example, China, they were 
having huge, huge stock I mean, minimum 3 months, 4 months, 5 months of -- their finished 
products are in the stock. They were simply dumping, destocking the thing, irrespective the 
prices, which was happening last 1, 1.5 month. Entire world is witnessing that. 
 
So those things may not continue, which is giving me the confidence. That is how long they're 
going to do the losses. Once they finish this inventory, one will go back, work their calculations 
and do what is realistic and what is to be price -- realistic price. So that's the reason I'm saying 
going forward with price improvement and margin improvement should be there. 
Darshan Shah: 
Yes I understand .Can you give an approximate sense in terms you know three quarters or two 
quarters, Can you just give us some timeline as to when you... 
D. Ram Reddy: 
In my personal view, I can say after we finishing this quarter, within next 2 -- following 2 
quarters, should we -- you should see the pre-COVID type of prices we should see. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Rupani, an Individual Investor. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Yes, sir, I had a question on DMF. So now we have the recertificate and we are exporting to 
Europe. Am I correct, sir? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Yes. 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 11 
 
Rajiv Rupani: 
So the prices in Europe, are they better than in India? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
It was there, I'll tell you, Rajiv. Without your 1 or 2 questions, the Concall will not complete. 
I'm happy that for your repeated questions and we get energy with your questions, right? See, 
DMF, what has happened, I just want to give in detail. Earlier, I thought that our country's 
consumption was 90,000 tonnes. So my 30,000 tonnes can be adjusted anywhere. That was our 
intention, that's the reason we are very comfortable, and we did not look seriously on the export 
market. 
 
Because in the total 90,000 tonnes, we can fit somewhere. But these people started dumping like 
anything. Like Saudi, I'll give you an example. In Saudi there's a consumption, one customer is 
there, they are selling at INR 170 – INR 160. And in India, they're selling at INR 70, INR 80. 
That has given us the reason for going for the reach registration and to scout outside the country. 
And last month, we have given in very Saudi Arabia, about 60, 70 tons, I have, exported to those 
Saudi Arabia, much better price. 
 
Now it has become very alert for those people also. Those people who are selling outside 
country, high price and in India at lower price. Now they have to take a call. If they continue 
like this, we are also going to do the same thing, what they have done in our country. So that has 
given some sense to them. 
Probably, either the prices should be improved from their side or they should stop coming to 
here and they should go to where they have the good prices, right? We got the -- not only Europe 
and Saudi, we have exported a couple of ISO tanks to U.S.A. also this month. So slowly, slowly, 
it should be improved. We have taken like earlier, Morpholine also has been like this only. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
So have we applied for antidumping duty in India for DMF? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We’ve applied already. this Government is not supporting. I told you earlier also. We have done, 
everything has happened. Before -- coming out of the notification, this government has -- did 
not the backup, we blame -- the government only even today also. They showed that they went 
to the court against  what we have done along with many other cases. So it is in the Delhi court 
almost 15, 20 companies are there in the Delhi court along with the DMF. There are 15 to 20 
other products also are there. There's a good reason, good eligibility is there, but still they are 
not giving. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
Okay. My last question was on like 2, 3 products. DMC, what are the current prices? And what 
is the capacity utilization? 
D. Ram Reddy: 
See, DMC, we are doing some 30% to 40% capacity we are utilizing. And we were selling the 
DMC at INR 60 – INR 50 and this associate product DMC and Propylene Glycol will come 
together that we are selling at INR 120. This is INR 55 to INR 60. So the net realisation will 
come somewhere to INR 90. 
Rajiv Rupani: 
And last question was on PC what is  price and capacity utilization. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Can you repeat that? 

 
 
Balaji Amines Limited
 
 
November 10, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 11 
 
Rajiv Rupani: 
The last question on PC, price and capacity utilization. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Which price you are telling? 
Rajiv Rupani: 
PC, PC... 
D. Ram Reddy: 
We are not doing anything. Actually, this goes exclusively only for the lithium battery. Nobody 
has started, I think we have not sold anything. We have made very small quantity & we have 
just kept aside. The moment this battery activity starts, probably that will move. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that is the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments. 
D. Ram Reddy: 
Thank you. I would like to thank you, everyone, for taking the time out and joining on the call 
today. I hope we have been able to respond to your queries adequately. We look forward to your 
continued support as we navigate the journey ahead. If you have any further queries, you may 
reach out to our Investor Relations partner, Orient Capital. And also, you can reach to our 
Company Secretary. 
 
Thank you very much and wishing you and your loved ones, a joyful and prosperous Diwali, in 
advance. And thank you once again for the continuous being with us as the investor for showing 
the confidence on the company. Thank you very much. Thank you, once again. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Elara 
Securities Private Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
