Member of National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, BSE Ltd and Multi Commodity Exchange of India Ltd. 
SEBI Registration: INZ000183631 
CIN No.: L67120MH1995PLC086241 
 
ICICI Securities Limited 
Registered Office:  
ICICI Venture House 
Appasaheb Marathe Marg, 
Prabhadevi, Mumbai - 400025, India 
Tel. (91 22) 6807 7100 
Fax (91 22) 6807 7803 
Corporate Office : 
Shree Sawan Knowledge Park, Plot No. D-507, 
T.T.C. Ind. Area, M.I.D.C, Turbhe, Navi Mumbai - 400 705 
Tel.: (91 22) 6807 7100 
Fax: (91 22) 6807 7801 
Name of Compliance Officer (Broking Operations) : Ms. Mamta Shetty 
Email Address: complianceofficer@icicisecurities.com / Tel. (91 22) 4070 1000  
Website Address: www.icicisecurities.com / www.icicidirect.com 
 
 
 
     
October 19, 2023 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited      
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department         
 
               
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,                                          
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub:   Earnings call transcript for the quarter and half-year ended September 30, 
2023 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol - ISEC & BSE Scrip Code - 541179 
 
This is further to our letters dated October 10, 2023 and October 16, 2023. The 
Company had hosted earnings call with investors and analysts on Monday, 
October 16, 2023 to discuss the financial performance of the Company for the 
quarter and half-year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
Please find attached the transcript of the ‘Earnings Call’ for the quarter and                 
half-year ended September 30, 2023. The same is also made available on the 
Company’s website at www.icicisecurities.com 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For ICICI Securities Limited 
 
 
 
Rupesh Jadhav 
Chief Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
RUPESH 
LAXMAN 
JADHAV
Digitally signed 
by RUPESH 
LAXMAN 
JADHAV 
Date: 2023.10.19 
12:55:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 11 
 
 
 
“ICICI Securities Limited Earnings Conference Call for 
Quarter and Half Year Ended September 30, 2023” 
 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. VIJAY CHANDOK – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MR. HARVINDER JASPAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. VISHAL GULECHA – HEAD (RETAIL EQUITIES) 
MR. KEDAR DESHPANDE – HEAD (RETAIL DISTRIBUTION 
PRODUCT AND SERVICES GROUP) 
MR. ANUPAM GUHA – HEAD (PRIVATE WEALTH 
MANAGEMENT) 
MR. KETAN KARKHANIS – HEAD (DIGITAL CLIENT 
ACQUISITION) AND CO-HEAD (NEW SOLUTIONS GROUP) 
MR. NILOTPAL GUPTA – HEAD (DATA SCIENCE UNIT) 
MR. R. BALAJI – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER 
MS. NIDHI KAJARIA – HEAD (HUMAN RESOURCES) 
 
 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 11 
Moderator: 
Good evening, Ladies and Gentlemen, and Welcome to the Earnings Conference Call of ICICI 
Securities Limited for the Quarter and Half Year Ended September 30th, 2023. 
We have with us today on the call Mr. Vijay Chandok – Managing Director and Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Harvinder Jaspal – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vishal Gulecha – Head (Retail 
Equities), Mr. Kedar Deshpande – Head (Retail Distribution Product and Services Group), Mr. 
Anupam Guha – Head (Private Wealth Management), Mr. Ketan Karkhanis – Head (Digital 
Client Acquisition) and Co-Head (New Solutions Group), Mr. Nilotpal Gupta – Head (Data 
Science Unit), Mr. R. Balaji – Chief Technology Officer and Ms. Nidhi Kajaria – Head (Human 
Resources). 
For the duration of this presentation, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. I will 
be standing by for the Q&A session. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
The “Business Presentation” can be found on the Company's Corporate Website, 
icicisecurities.com, under Investor Relations. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Chandok – MD and CEO of ICICI Securities. Over 
to you, sir. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Thank you very much. A very good evening, ladies and gentlemen. First and foremost, let me 
apologize for starting this 15 minute behind schedule. We were actually just winding up our 
Board Meeting which took a little longer than we thought. Everything got delayed as a result. 
Really apologize for this and sorry to keep you all waiting. Really appreciate the fact that 
you've all taken the effort to join us for today's earnings call. You will find our earnings 
presentation on the exchange website. You all probably would have got a chance to see it, 
although the time I confess was quite short. 
Let me take you through our Quarter 2 “Performance Highlights”: 
First, a few comments from me on the industry: 
I think this is an industry in which most of the parameters continued an upward momentum. 
You would have already noted that amongst the volume giving parameters for our company, 
the retail equity ADTO grew by about 34% for the industry sequentially. Retail derivative ADTO 
grew by about 18% sequentially. The momentum on systematic investment plans and mutual 
fund continued during this quarter, which ended and as far as the secondary market activity 
is concerned, it continued to show improvement resulting in growth in new client acquisition 
by over 50%, both on a Y-o-Y as well as sequential basis. 
The primary market mobilization also grew significantly with the improved market sentiment. 
In such a backdrop of an overall improvement in market sentiment and volumes and 
participation, we see a continued improvement in our own performance and revenue. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 11 
Our Quarter 2 FY24 revenue grew by 44% on a Y-o-Y basis, 34% on a sequential quarter basis 
and came in at about Rs. 1,250 crores. The profit after tax for the quarter also grew by about 
41% on a Y-o-Y basis and sequentially by about 56% on a quarter-on-quarter basis and came 
in at about Rs. 424 crores. 
The other notable point that I would like to highlight about our “Financial Performance” is that 
the Board of Directors of the Company have approved an interim dividend of Rs. 12 per share. 
This compares to Rs. 9.75 per share that was declared as an interim dividend last year. 
Amongst the key highlights: 
1. The first point I would bring out is that this improvement in revenue that I spoke about 
was on account of revenue increases across all our businesses without an exception 
on a both Y-o-Y as well as sequential basis. And we continue our thrust on growing 
businesses and maximizing the revenue opportunity, keeping in view the customer at 
the heart and center as we play out our strategy for the rest of this year. 
2. What has also been an important highlight for this quarter is that we witnessed a 
steady improvement in market share across almost all the revenue giving parameters 
and I'll take you quickly one by one: 
• 
As far as cash equity is concerned, our market share improved by about 58 
basis points. We improved our market share sequentially on a quarter-on-
quarter basis to about 12.8%. 
• 
On retail derivatives, we saw a small increase in market share roughly close to 
a little under 10 basis points, came in at about 3.7%. 
• 
Commodities, we saw an improvement in market share by about 60 basis 
points sequentially and came in at about 7.8%. 
• 
Margin trade finance and mutual fund AUM remained broadly stable at about 
22% and 1.7% respectively. We continue to focus on quality of clients and 
improving client experiences and it's precisely that focus that has helped us 
improve market share across parameters. 
3. I want to also highlight the continued growth that we have seen as far as our client 
assets are concerned because that's an important sign of clients treating us as a 
trusted partner. Our client AUM actually increased 12% on a Y-o-Y basis and 5% on 
a sequential quarter basis and moved to Rs. 6.5 trillion. 
4. The Wealth segment out of the Rs. 6,50,000 crores grew by about 20% on a Y-o-Y 
basis and 7% on a sequential quarter basis and improved to Rs. 3.7 trillion, clearly 
demonstrating a strong focus and presence of a wealth segment as a part of ICICI 
Securities franchise. 
5. We continue to grow our focus on acquiring quality clients as I had mentioned, trying 
to do everything that will help us improve market share across segment, grow our 
distribution business with a focus on loans distribution as well as mutual fund 
distribution, offering insurance based on customer lifecycle needs, also our focus has 
been on enhancing customer experience and being efficient with respect to costs, 
ensuring that we continue to adequately invest in building a franchise for enhancing 
technology. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 11 
Overall, we do believe that the medium to long term story of the industry remains quite intact, 
quite strong. And as this is the case at this point, we believe that the short-term outlook for the 
market will have some volatility and uncertainty particularly on account of global factors 
including the recent geopolitical matters that have come to the forefront and also the 
impending kick off on the state elections that are planned sometime in the month of November 
- December and in some sense will set the stage for the general elections for 2024. 
Keeping all this in view, some short-term headwinds for the domestic markets could be 
anticipated, but we believe that we are very well placed to harness the medium-term strategy 
of growing and harnessing the opportunity in the market and we will continue to make 
investments in the key focus areas that we have been talking about in the past. 
I'll end my commentary now and throw it open for whatever questions you may have. Thank 
you for your patient hearing and once again apologize for this late start. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Mr. Vijay Chandok. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. I have Prayesh Jain. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Firstly, just your thoughts on where are we at with regards to the delisting. I think that is one 
and also, we look at it going ahead, that is the first one before I delve into business question. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes, I'm just going to request Harvinder, our CFO to jump in on the first one. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Prayesh, so with respect to delisting, the process is on, we are in midst of the process. The first 
stage of approval is exchange approval. So, the scheme which is already available on our 
website as well as exchanges is currently being considered by exchanges. Once they give us 
their approval, then as per process it goes up to NCLT shareholder approval, etc. So, we are 
right now waiting for the exchange approval. We expect it could be a quarter or two from here 
to completion of the process. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Vijay, splendid set of numbers here, sequential growth in your equity brokerage revenues, cash 
payment revenues, is this you know, so what really drove this? I think there's a clear-cut market 
share gains as well. What really drove this differently for you in this quarter and what's the 
sustainability of the thing? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. So, I think this was a quarter where we saw good growth in market parameters 
sequentially, whether it is derivative, whether it is cash, whether it is commodity, whether it is 
mutual fund. All of them actually grew, even the secondary market and primary market activity 
was quite buoyant. And this in a way contrasted quite sharply with quarter one where we saw 
growth of only derivatives, so derivative was probably the only engine in the market that was 
firing in quarter one, whereas quarter two got augmented by 3-4 more engines coming from 
a market standpoint into play. And the investments that we've been making for the last sort 
of 3 years or so on technology, digital, better experiences, better customer quality etc., all of 
them started, they were sort of already there on the table, it was not something new that we've 
done. So, the operating leverage advantage of that kicked in, in this quarter in full measure in 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 11 
some sense. And because all the engines were present and oiled, they took the advantage of 
the market opportunity which came. We have also sharpened proposition over the years, 
whether it is in equity, whether it is in derivative both in terms of experience as well as pricing 
so that we are competitive. We've also brought in some unique propositions on the cash equity 
side, margin finance side, F&O side also. So, all of them I think were invested in and the 
advantage of that came because market also gave our presence. Personally, I already 
highlighted in my commentary that from a viewpoint of the future, I would be more guarded 
because it is reasonable to expect that not all the parameters and engines that fired in quarter 
two in the market from a market point of view are going to fire with the same measure and 
this data is available for you to see on a daily basis virtually in the market. When you look at 
cash volumes, when you look at derivative volumes, I think you can see that there is some 
amount of muting that is already probably visible to you. So, given a sort of a muted sort of 
outlook of these numbers, I think, I mean we are at the end of the day market players. So, we 
will have that impact also. So, from a sustainability point of view, I would say that it would 
depend on whether the market sustains, or market does not sustain. Geopolitical factors are 
added headwind which will come in this quarter, which was probably not so much there in 
quarter two. So, there is more uncertainty there plus we are coming closer to the election time 
from a domestic standpoint also, which can add to the wait and watch kind of a syndrome. 
So, I would expect that Quarter 3 rather to be a little subdued if I were to go by early trends of 
Quarter 3. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And on your distribution business, I see that life insurance business has kind of actually been 
flattish on a sequential basis and a decline on a Y-o-Y basis. While I understand the taxation 
element, but whatever interactions we had with life insurance companies, it appears that it's 
not that a great deal and so far, they've been seeing a decent traction. Any thoughts on where 
you have kind of missed out in this quarter in terms of life insurance distribution? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. I think one of the things that we started doing is we started focusing life insurance more 
as a life stage-based need product rather than something that we would proactively go and 
engage our customers with. So, largely focusing on protection, largely focusing on retirement 
planning, etc. as the use cases rather than just looking at it for the sake of it being offered as 
a product. Our focus is a lot more on mutual funds, equities and other distribution revenues, 
particularly loans because we do believe that you know that will really give us a non-market 
oriented sort of a revenue stream and it will give you a sharper focus on diversification. And 
again, under penetration is quite massive there and the growth can come at a faster clip on 
the loan side, which is what we are seeing. 
Prayesh Jain: 
In terms of loan distribution, we started with personal loans? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. We just started with personal loans. It's a very small start, which happened in the late 
part of Quarter 2. Full effect is actually not there yet. 
Prayesh Jain: 
And is it that because you know, if I look at the loans distributed sequentially, that has gone 
up by 25%, but if I look at your other distribution revenue that has gone up only by 12%. Is 
there anything that I'm missing out? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 11 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes, because the contribution of loan in the composition of the total revenue is not that much. 
It is far lower and that's what we are trying to increase. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. So, the next question is from Rajesh Gajra from Informist. 
Rajesh Gajra: 
I just want to know that on page 9 of the investor presentation, we have this retail derivative 
broking revenue given at as Rs. 1.37 billion. So, can you please share the breakup of this Rs. 
1.37 billion into equity from equity derivatives and from commodity derivatives? 
Vijay Chandok: 
To the derivative revenue of Rs. 137 crores, primarily a large portion of that would be from the 
derivative and not the commodity derivative. We have not disclosed the split, but you may 
assume that more than 80% would be, in fact even 90%, I would say would be from derivatives. 
Rajesh Gajra: 
Equity derivatives, correct, I got that. Yes, thanks so much again. Last question is as far as 
commodity derivatives revenues are concerned, do you see any prospect from the surge that 
we're seeing in Options and Futures trading volume in crude oil and natural gas on the MCX, 
is that going to aid you in your revenues from commodity derivatives, that is my last question. 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Yes. So, crude continued to be a very dominating commodity in the entire market by bullion. 
So, I mean, we continue to see volatility in the market and also an increase in interest from 
investors. The margins are at elevated level. So, subject to that because of the volatility, subject 
to that, otherwise we see that the momentum in crude interest should continue. 
Rajesh Gajra: 
But any particular reason why this momentum is building up so fast? We are seeing a real 
surge in the volume on the MCX and now even NSE and BSE are getting into it and trying to 
explore that opportunity. So, what do you make out of all this, the entire thing that's going on 
over there? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
See, the crude was always a very highly traded commodity among all the other commodities. 
And I mean last few months if we see, I mean there was directional kind of a movement in 
commodity and also, I mean, as far as information flow is concerned, this commodity gets 
higher information than any other commodity in the market. So, people track it very closely 
next to equity kind of a thing and that is also one reason for the customer taking a very high 
interest in crude. So, I mean there is no specific reason. Otherwise, overall, in MCX, volume if 
we see, overall options volume have grown up and they continue to show the rising trend. So, 
if options volume, I think the crude is one thing which will continue to be dominating 
commodity. And also from the volatility perspective, I think crude has shown higher volatility 
than any other commodity, I mean the highly traded commodity in the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from the line of Aman Singh Bhadouria from Gyr 
Capital Advisors. Thank you. 
Aman Singh Bhadouria: 
I just wanted to ask you a few of your strong competitors are coming in with zero brokerage 
fee product, how do you see itself as a competition amongst your numbers in future? 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 11 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes, thanks. I think they've been in the market for a long time, almost 10 years we've been 
dealing with discount brokers now, 8 years at least. We've been gaining market share. We've 
differentiated on many parameters, which include offering unique propositions. So, I think there 
is space for all types of players. It's not a new development actually, the discount broking, zero 
broking story has been something that we've been bracing for, for the last 7-8 years. So, we've 
done a bunch of things over the years to deal with that competition and we managed to 
increase market share on revenue giving parameters. We do find that in terms of numbers, 
they have done well, numbers in the sense number of clients that they have acquired. But when 
it comes to revenue giving market share, we've managed to not only grow but actually grow 
at a faster rate than the market. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. The next question is from Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Mr. Chandok, my first question is on the MTF book. So, I think last quarter about of the 250-
bps interest increase, you had passed on about 40, so about 35%-40%. So, today how much 
pass through has happened? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, I'd say about 60% because recently we did increase another 40 basis points. So, I'd say 
somewhere between 50% to 60% is what we have already passed on. So, 250 basis points or 
260 basis points was the total increase. Added with this 40, it will be about 60%. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Perfect. Are you still on course to keep increasing the MTF rates as the quarter progress or 
have you reached some sort of saturation here? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, as we said last time also, see it's a very tactical call that we take with the help of what is 
happening in terms of demand and what is it that we can absorb. So, right now, if you look at 
it, our NIMs are over 3%. We are comfortable on these NIMs. But having said that, looking at 
the opportunity and the demand buildup, we will keep taking these decisions as we go. We do 
not have either a positive or a negative view on continuously increasing or not increasing the 
rates right now. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Perfect. Second is on the prime fees and other fees and charges. So, prime after many quarters 
has seen a makeup now you know at Rs. 30 crores. So, could you explain this and also the 
other fees and charges which we've been talking about have done very well this quarter, so 
anything to highlight here? 
Vishal Gulechha: 
Yes. So, see when we launched this prime plan and also the lifetime, I mean which happened 
sometime last year, the lifetime, there were two very clear objectives which we had in mind. 
One, how do we increase our acquisition, the quality acquisition and secondly, how do we 
retain more and more number of customers? I think this quarter we have done well on both the 
parameters. The quality acquisition numbers through all our partners including ICICI Bank and 
our own teams, those numbers have gone up. And secondly, it is yielding benefit now in terms 
of retention also. So, you're right in terms of the prime fee, this was a good quarter and I mean 
we should also remember that I mean, except one plan, the renewals are not happening now. 
So, the proposition is lifetime. So, the entire focus is on acquisition that how do we acquire 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 11 
more and more number of customers and how do we acquire the better-quality customers. So, 
that is something which is reflected in prime fee. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Noted. Could you speak about the institutional brokerage business because that has seen a 
significant bump-up. So, is it that you've increased rates on that front or what has led to this 
significant surge in institutional brokerage? 
Vijay Chandok: 
So, institutional brokerage on a Y-o-Y basis was attributable to no improvement in rates, it's 
more improvement in volume and also there has been an improvement in market share. Our 
market share same time last year was at a certain level. This year, it is increased by about 150 
basis points on a Y-o-Y basis. So, it's a combination of market share gain as well as 
improvement in the market volume itself. Notably this quarter because the market sentiment 
was quite positive and the market also did not have as many IPOs while it did have a large 
number of IPOs, it appears that the market was hungry for more IPOs compared to what 
actually came to the market, and therefore there was lot of interest for block level transactions. 
So, the block level activity during this quarter also was more than what we saw in the recent 
past, including last few quarters. So, combination of gains in market share on a Y-o-Y basis, 
number one; number two, more volumes in the industry and number three, gains in volumes 
on account of blocks. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
And sir could you speak about Mintr, where are we in that process? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes, it continues to remain work under process. We will update you in the due course as and 
when we are good to go. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
But any plan for a more better release now or is it still in the beta phase, sir? 
Vijay Chandok: 
No, we are still in the beta phase. Work is still underway. We are still in the beta phase. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
So, can we expect that by 4th Quarter we will sort of hit the market or could it still taking to spill 
over into the next year? 
Vijay Chandok: 
At this stage, we just like to hold any further guidance on this. Work is on is what I would say 
and then we will advise at the right point in time on our next steps there. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Noted, sir. And sir on OPEX, I understand OPEX is linked to revenue, but employee cost, sir if 
you could just speak a little bit about costs as well, like you know, employee costs have gone 
up sequentially. I understand that part of it would be variable. So, if you could just throw some 
light there on how we should think about the cost structure for the balance part of the year? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, as you would have noted, it's the cost-to-net income ratio is actually at about 42%. As we 
discussed earlier also, it's more of a cost to income ratio approach that we have that helps us, 
you know keep making investments wherever they are required as long as they are revenue 
accretive. And right now, we are on our path. This year has been a year of investments. We 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 11 
do have some investments in technology, wealth and distribution buildup, but cost to income 
ratio as you would have seen is at about 42%, cost to net income. 
Moderator: 
So, the next question we have is from Aditya from Damani Securities. Thank you so much, sir. 
Aditya: 
The numbers have obviously been excellent. The only question I have is the process of the 
delisting and there's been no price discovery made available to the shareholders. So, I speak 
on behalf of a lot of shareholders I've been talking to, and they are of the view that it's been 5-
6 years and we've got our 20%-25% upside on the share since IPO, while the profits have 
doubled. And even now, with these kinds of beautiful numbers, I think the price seems a bit 
unjustified. My question is, is it possible for us to have a price discovery or is that even an 
option? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. So, actually, we followed a process which is approved by the regulators, which is fair, 
which is applicable for a firm like ours and under that process, the offer that has been made is 
what is something which is available for all the investors to see. The process does not permit 
for any kind of a further discussion on the pricing other than what has been offered. So, it will 
go through its own mechanism, and we do hope that we are able to make the best outcome 
for the Company and the investors as a result of this process. 
Aditya: 
Yes sir, I won't go into the PE ratios and comparables with the other stock broking, etc. It's very 
disappointing for shareholders thinking and it doesn't make a big difference to ICICI Bank 
considering you're only diluting 1% or 1.5% of market cap. It just seems like a lot of 
shareholders are very disappointed considering, you know, like could they consider ICICI Bank 
as a front leader for professionalism and corporate governance and then to offer something 
which is very arbitrary in nature and not even allow price discovery by shareholders. We 
understand you followed a process which is allowed by SEBI, but it's one-of-a-kind, it's never 
happened before. There is no precedent, and we are just left clueless, you know and frankly 
quite hopeless, right because we don't have anywhere to talk about this, that's all, I mean I'm 
just saying that it's quite bizarre, to be honest. 
Vijay Chandok: 
We hear you, noted your comment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Aditya. So, the next question is from Gaurav Khanna from CapGrow 
Capital. 
Gaurav Khanna: 
Sir, my question is that the swap ratio is just 0.67x and don't you think it is not in the favor of 
retail investors. And any possibility on revision of the swap ratio? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Hi Gaurav, Harvinder here. So, as I think Vijay just answered, it's a part of a process which is 
under regulation 37. It's a scheme of arrangement. The scheme documents are what we have 
already published and submitted to exchanges. In that, the ratio has been arrived at by 
following the prescribed process, the shareholders would obviously have an opportunity to 
vote on the scheme and exchanges, NCLT, etc., there are various authorities which will 
consider the scheme. And with the requisite majority, which is two-thirds approve the scheme 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 11 
or exercise their vote. But at this stage, it would not be possible to edit the scheme. The scheme 
is already submitted to exchanges. I hope that clarifies. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much. So, the next question we have is from Santosh Keshri from Keshri Finance. 
Santosh Keshri: 
I have two questions. One is that what is the net cash position as of 30th September 23 and 
after that, I'll put my second question, which you can answer this. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, there are two ways of looking at it. One is if you look at the cash and cash equivalent, that's 
about Rs. 9,200 crores. It's there on our balance sheet. It basically represents the cash in hand 
as well as cash equivalents, which will also include the fixed deposits that we have placed 
with exchanges as a lien. The number two, our own cash which is a net worth is about a little 
under Rs. 3,000 crores. 
Santosh Keshri: 
And secondly, the dividend that you declared is Rs. 12 per share, so which is historically similar 
to the historical pattern? 
Vijay Chandok: 
My apologies, it is Rs. 3,100 crores in my earlier question. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Sorry, Rs. 3,100 crores. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. 
Santosh Keshri: 
So, this is after taking out all your borrowings and deposits? 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes, this is on equity. 
Santosh Keshri: 
This is on your equity, okay. Now my second question is about dividend. So, what is seen is 
that the dividend is on the pattern of the prior years like last year, it was Rs. 10. Now, it is Rs. 
12. So, considering the good profit and considering the impending merger, should not it have 
been that the shareholders are rewarded more with the higher dividend? Also, in the phase of 
the impending merger, one can see that the shareholders are not very happy in terms of the 
price discovery not being happening. So, this is a tad disappointing in terms of the very low 
rate of dividend being declared even though the profits are so good. So, any take on that? 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Yes. So, we have a dividend policy which prescribed at least 50% of the dividend get paid out 
and as a Company, we have always been paying pretty high rate of dividends. It will compare 
vis-à-vis other players as well. So, this quarter also for the half year, if you calculate the ratio, 
it comes to about 55% of the profit that we have paid out and obviously because of the growth 
in profit, the benefit has all accrued to the shareholders by way of enhanced dividend from Rs. 
9.75 per share to Rs. 12 per share. 
Santosh Keshri: 
Yes, exactly. But given that you have very good cash position and given that the merger ratio 
didn't work in the favor of shareholders, so should not yet have been that the extra dividend is 
getting announced. And also looking at the profitability, good profitability you have. 

 
ICICI Securities Limited 
October 16, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 11 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
So, as a part of a long-term sustainable policy, there are various things that you look at when 
you declare dividend, which is sustainability of dividend, consistency of ratios, etc. So, we've 
looked at all of them, the board has considered all those factors in approving this particular 
dividend, which is at 55% of profit after tax. The Company does need some capital to accrue 
for its various businesses and therefore this has been the policy which has been consistently 
followed for the last couple of years. 
Santosh Keshri: 
That's right, sir. But after two quarters, as you said earlier, the securities Company would be a 
closely held Company and the public shareholders who are holding the share for so long will 
be losing out all the benefits they would have expected to gain when they invested in the 
shares right at the time of IPO. So, it's a good amount of time, but hardly any return on the 
value that they bought into and compared to the value they are getting now. An enlighten 
management would have thought of giving higher dividend than the dividend that's been 
declared. So, that's my submission. I'm not saying that we should comment on it. That is 
something that is I think it's on everyone's mind. But anyway, that's it. 
Harvinder Jaspal: 
Sure Santosh, thank you, noted. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, Santosh. Alright. So, as I see that there are no further questions, I would 
like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Chandok – MD and CEO, ICICI Securities, for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Vijay Chandok: 
Yes. Thank you very much all our dear investors for taking time and attending this conference 
call. In case there are any follow up questions, our IR team and the CFO team is always 
available, please reach out directly and we will be happy to set up separate calls for addressing 
any afterthoughts that has come. We understand that the results post declaration had given 
you very little time to go through, so we can understand the need for you to go through our 
numbers with greater detail and come back with whatever questions. 
Thank you very much and once again for all the support and the affection that you have shown 
us, we really want to thank you from the bottom of the heart and wish you all a great rest of 
the day. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you so much, sir. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
