 
Macrotech Developers Limited: Lodha Excelus , NM Joshi Marg, Mahalaxmi,  Mumbai 400 011, India   
Regd. Office : 412, Floor-4, 17G Vardhaman Chamber, Cawasji Patel Road, Horniman Circle, Fort, Mumbai 400 001, India 
CIN: L45200MH1995PLC093041 • T + 91 22  6773 7373 • E: investor.relations@lodhagroup.com    
                                                                                                                                  www.lodhagroup.in 
 
 
  November 03, 2023 
 
BSE Limited  
Scrip Code: 543287 
Debt Segment – 974163, 974199, 974473, 974511, 974986, 975053, 975115 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Trading Symbol: LODHA 
 
  Dear Sirs, 
 
  Sub: Q2FY24 - Earnings Call Transcript 
 
Ref:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 (‘Listing Regulations’) 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Listing Regulations, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Company’s Q2FY24 earnings conference call held on October 30, 2023. The transcript is also being uploaded 
on the Company’s website i.e. www.lodhagroup.in under the Investors section. 
 
We request you to take the above on record.  
 
  Thanking you, 
 
  Yours faithfully, 
For Macrotech Developers Limited                               
 
 
  
       Sanjyot Rangnekar   
 
  Company Secretary & Compliance Officer                       
  Membership No F4154 
 
  Encl: As above 
 
SANJYOT NILESH 
RANGNEKAR
Digitally signed by SANJYOT NILESH RANGNEKAR 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=b1d10321a77149cb82e525a9132188e8, 
2.5.4.20=c7812c81ae26d822a965b197d5195bdf6d50f8443987a023d
f50fd6bef4c5021, postalCode=400607, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
serialNumber=d7712af3da22c028adfaa23a93cc85029417e4c3cba44
8af2f6d982f99722a49, cn=SANJYOT NILESH RANGNEKAR 
Date: 2023.11.03 19:27:07 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
“Macrotech Developers Limited 
Q2 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
October 30, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ABHISHEK LODHA – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MACROTECH 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. SUSHIL KUMAR MODI – CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. RAJIB DAS – PRESIDENT, EASTERN SUBURBS AND 
NAVI MUMBAI – MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
MR. ANAND KUMAR – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
MACROTECH DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. BIPLAB DEBBARMA – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Macrotech Developers Q2 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Antique Stockbroking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Biplab Debbarma from Antique 
Stock Broking. Thank you, and over to you, Mr. Debbarma. 
Biplab Debbarma: 
Thank you, Malcolm. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to the Q2 FY '24 earnings call 
of Macrotech Developers Limited hosted by Antique Stock Broking. Today, we have with us 
the management of the company represented by Mr. Abhishek Lodha, Managing Director and 
CEO; Mr. Sushil Kumar Modi, CFO; Mr. Rajib Das, President Eastern Suburbs and Navi 
Mumbai; and Mr. Anand Kumar, Head IR. 
 
Without further ado, let me hand over the call to Mr. Lodha. Over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. We are a few days from Diwali. So 
wishing all of you a very happy Diwali and a prosperous new year ahead. To begin with, let me 
share my thoughts on the broader circumstances both globally as well as on the macroeconomic 
side. The emergence of the new conflict in the Middle East is a source of global concern, both 
for humanitarian as well as economic reasons. 
 
We pray for all those who are affected and hope that things settle down soon. In spite of the 
continued global turmoil, India continues to make steady economic progress in what is clearly a 
very volatile period otherwise. We had, after initial concerns, a very decent monsoon, and reports 
indicate that the food production is at a record level. And consequently, we are starting to see 
that food inflation has abated and is likely that it will continue to abate. 
 
India has recently been included in JPMorgan's Emerging Market Bond Index. It is further 
expected that other peer indices will also follow. And consequently, significant inflows can be 
expected in India from the next year. 
 
RBI in its latest monetary policy has reaffirmed the GDP growth rate of 6.5% for FY '24, making 
India the fastest-growing major economy in the world. The RBI also indicated that interest rates 
at this time have peaked. And unless there are significant black swan events, the interest rates 
are unlikely to go higher from where they are today. 
 
And that gives us confidence that if things do not turn adverse in an unforeseen manner, then 
there is likely to be starting of the rate cut cycle sometime next year. India, of course, continues 
to be a beneficiary of the China Plus One trend, and manufacturing continues to gain momentum. 
 
Given the second leg of the job creation engine in addition to the strong and continuing services 
engine, which India has historically relied on, just as India continues its journey of being a steady 
ship in troubled global waters. Our focus as a company is to deliver steady growth while 
continuing to reduce risk. The quarter was marked by steady progress on our key goals: presales 
growth, debt reduction, improved ROE as well as strong performance on ESG and reputational 
metrics. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
In Q2, which is otherwise seasonally the weakest quarter of the year, we had our best-ever 
presales, which came in at about INR35.3 billion. That led to strong cash flows, and our net debt 
came down by INR5.4 billion, now down to INR67.3 billion. Our adjusted EBITDA margins 
for the quarter, on underlying pre-sales basis, the embedded EBITDA was at about 30%, which 
again showcased the strong continuing profitability of the company. 
 
Our ROEs on an underlying pro forma earnings now continue to move towards the high teens. 
It's a very proud moment to note that the globally recognized GRESB rated us as the number 
one residential developer in Asia for our ESG standards. Similarly, S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment rated us as number two in the world amongst real estate developers. 
 
It is indeed a very proud moment for us that an Indian company is now number one in Asia and 
number two in the world on globally recognized ESG indices in the real estate space. As we look 
at the concerns around climate change and more specifically in our major cities around air quality 
and pollution, it shows that it is very much possible in India that we can operate at the highest 
standards of ESG and still continue to deliver long-term sustainable growth. 
 
As a business, we continue to remain on track for our annual guidance on presales, on embedded 
EBITDA as well as on debt reduction, and we hope that we will exceed our guidance on business 
development. H1, as you generally know, is a period which tends to be around 45% of the annual 
performance, and the second half of the year tends to be more stronger with the festive season 
and generally more predictable weather patterns. 
 
In H1, we generally plan for a lower level of activity, particularly launches due to the 
unpredictable nature of the monsoons, the timing of the monsoons as well as when you would 
have certain monsoon events. And of course, you have impact to a lesser extent of summer 
vacations and sometimes the inauspicious Pitrupaksh period. However, the Pitrupaksh period 
has moved to Q3 in this year. Thus, H2 tends to be about 55% of our overall performance for 
the year. And it contributes an even bigger percentage of the operating cash flow. 
 
We are pleased to note that the new market that we entered last year, Bangalore, we plan to start 
our sales now with the launch of our first project in the month of November. Our journey in 
Bangalore, we hope and expect will follow our trajectory in Pune, early stages of focusing on 
building a strong brand, delivering product, understanding the local ecosystem and building the 
local team and thereafter scaling up in a meaningful manner as we have been able to do in Pune 
now. 
 
Our business development pipeline continues to remain quite strong. As you would have already 
noted, we've delivered about 80% of our annual guidance already, about INR143 billion out of 
a guidance of INR175 billion. And we expect that this robust business development pipeline will 
continue, and we continue to see good deals across multiple locations, which continue to aid our 
supermarket strategy of being present across every 3 to 5 kilometers in the key cities that we are 
focused on. 
 
During this first half of the year, our YTD price growth that is from 1st April onwards, was at 
about 3%, squarely in line with our guidance for the year of price growth of between 6% to 7%, 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
which is 2% below the likely wage growth between 8% to 10% for white-collar workers who 
tend to be the home buyers. 
 
We believe that this continued focus on strong affordability and making sure that we have 
nominal price growth, but at the same time, affordability does not take a hit is a very, very critical 
part of our strategy, and that is an important reason we believe, which will lead to long-term 
sustainability of the super cycle, which we expect to be 15 years of housing growth, and we are 
only in year 3 of that and making sure that price growth does not get too aggressive is a critical 
ingredient to ensuring the longevity of this cycle. 
 
Another point that I'd like to make is that our journey to have the P&L more accurately reflect 
the period’s underlying business performance has commenced now with the sales after 1st April 
2023 being eligible for revenue recognition under the percentage completion method. 
Over the next 3 years from the start of the journey, i.e., by fiscal '27, we expect the P&L to be 
reflecting the underlying business performance quite well, perhaps at the most with a quarter's 
lag. It's important to note this year, in this quarter, revenue recognition is only about INR17 
billion, whereas the presales are at INR35 billion. And yet, most of the overheads, which were 
incurred in this quarter had to be accounted as expenses in this quarter itself. Therefore, for the 
next few quarters, the best indication of our business performance are the presales and embedded 
EBITDA metrics that we have historically shared with you. 
I'd like to focus on a few highlights of our for-sale business. We intend to have about 7 to 9 new 
launches over the next 6 months, about 8 million square feet worth INR12,000 crores in a variety 
of markets. This provides significant visibility to achieve our targeted presales growth for the 
year. 
In terms of the new micro market, and I'm pleased to have our colleague Rajib Das with us today 
who leads the growing market of Eastern Suburbs of Mumbai. And he'll share his thoughts 
separately. But in terms of the new micro markets that we've entered over the last 2 years, let 
me share a few highlights. 
Pune, we achieved presales of INR 1,100 crores in fiscal '23 with four operating projects. And 
in the first half of fiscal '24, we've already achieved INR960 crores of presales. We expect to 
cross INR 2000 crores of presales for the year and have strong confidence that not only will we 
emerge among the top thee developers in Pune by the end of this fiscal, but we can further 
continue to strengthen that journey and double our presales over the next -- further double our 
presales over the next 3 to 4 years. 
Similarly, both in the Eastern as well as Western Suburbs of Mumbai, we are seeing strong 
growth in practice. We now have five operating projects in four locations in the Eastern Suburbs. 
Our presales in the Eastern Suburbs, in the first half, were at over INR 800 crores compared to 
INR1,200 crores that was for the full year of fiscal '23. 
As I already mentioned, we are now targeting our first launch in Bangalore in the month of 
November and hopefully a second launch in the last quarter of the year and if not in the first 
quarter of the next fiscal. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
In terms of some select projects, I'd like to highlight how the strength of the Lodha brand are 
focused on high-quality product and the desirability of what we create leads to significant  
attraction as we start operating at new locations. At Matunga, which we launched in the fourth 
quarter of fiscal '23, we've already sold close to INR700 crores in less than 9 months. 
In Andheri, we've sold more than 50% of the launch inventory within 9 months. In Hinjewadi 
again, we've sold in 7 months since launch, more than INR500 crores, which is 57% of the 
launch inventory. And similarly, at Kharadi, we have cumulatively sold about INR800-plus  
crores in just 10 months, which is about 64% of the launch inventory. 
At Pune NIBM, not only have we seen great velocity, having sold more than INR 750 crores, 
just under 70% of the overall sales, but we also expect to see that the first towers will complete 
in the next calendar year. Thus, one sees that not only are the new locations contributing to sales, 
but also we are progressing with deliveries. And this combination of strong brands, strong sales 
and strong deliveries, we believe will set out the flywheel effect, which helps us expand the 
business, but also keep margins robust as we saw also in this quarter where the underlying 
EBITDA margins were at about 30%. 
I'd like to highlight a little bit about the land that we own in Palava and how land values have 
been moving. At the time of our IPO, the estimated value of the underlying land. This is not the 
residential land, but land that one would sell for industrial or other purposes was at about INR 
2.5 crores an acre. But now we have transactions which are happening upwards of INR 5 crores 
per acre, and we expect that this number will further inch up north of INR 6 crores per acre. 
This is the benefit, of course, of having a high-quality ecosystem, well planned infrastructure as 
well as the fact that consumers as those who are setting up there, warehouses and industries have 
recognized the benefit of being within the larger Palava ecosystem. And obviously, over time, 
we expect this to further grow as other asset classes come in. And hopefully, we should be 
crossing the INR 10 crores mark sometime over the next 24 months. And that kind of underlying 
value of the land will create significant free cash flow for the company. 
The beneficiary of all this activity is not just the cash flow that we generate from the land, but 
it's also the demand that we have generated for our developments, which are located close to 
these industrial and warehousing developments. In spite of the substantial increase in mortgage 
rates, Palava continues to see strong traction from consumers. 
We are also starting to upgrade and premiumize the product that we are offering so that we have 
a broader mix of consumers that are staying over there. And that is complementing the number 
of different asset classes, which are now operating in the Palava ecosystem in addition to 
residential, including office spaces, high street retail, multiple schools, two hospitals, which are 
now under development, life sciences and research, R&D facilities and so on. 
We obviously see these -- the effects very clearly, you have a situation where a hospital is 
coming up and the doctors who are operating in the hospital want to buy a plot for a villa or 
build or buy a high-end apartment and so on. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
So the effects of the ecosystem, we believe are quite strong. And as the infrastructure in the area 
completes, some of these projects have gotten elongated beyond our earlier estimates, but we 
expect that a number of these will now start completing, including the Airoli Katai Naka 
Freeway, which should reduce the travel time from Airoli down to 20 minutes in a predictable 
manner and to BKC in 45 minutes, which should be completing now any time in the next 6 
months. 
Plus, of course, the Navi Mumbai Airport, the Trans Harbor Link and the Thane Dombivli link 
road. So projects which will complete a little bit further in the future, but later in this decade, 
include the metro line number 12, which have three stations located within Palava, the Mumbai 
Ahmadabad Bullet Train for which construction is in full swing. And the first station after BKC 
is just a short drive from Palava, maybe 5 to 10 minutes drive from Palava. And generally, the 
overall infrastructure upgradation. 
So we believe that Palava as well as Upper Thane will benefit from these dual sources of 
infrastructure as well as job creation, which is happening in a meaningful manner in those areas. 
Before we dive and I hand over to Rajib, I'd like to reiterate the fact that we continue to see 
strong home buying interest and momentum on the ground. We continue to see meaningful 
increase and improvement in conversion rates over the last 12 months. Activity is strong across 
different price points. And there is a clear preference for buying branded homes, high-quality 
homes where quality and product and lifestyle comes first and price come second, which, of 
course, gives increasing branding power to us. 
We believe our journey of being a steady player focusing on steady growth, predictable growth 
is something which will hold us in good stead. We continue to remain focused on delivering  a 
20% CAGR in presales and about 20% ROE, which we believe helps us deliver on the mandate 
of being a steady, predictable but high-growth company. 
With this, I'll pause now and hand over to Rajib for his remarks in relation to the Eastern 
Suburbs, which he leads. Thank you. 
Rajib Das: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Good afternoon, everyone. The Eastern Suburbs spanning from Matunga 
in the south to Mulund in the north consists of at least 10-plus distinct micro markets, each with 
its unique characteristics. Historically, a residential area, the region has undergone a remarkable 
transformation in recent years, driven by substantial infrastructural development. This 
transformation has made it an ideal market in terms of affordability, connectivity to all major 
business hubs of the city and access to increasing social infrastructure. These developments are 
set to enhance the business and the residential desirability of the region, strengthening both 
volume and price growth going forward. The market offers a wide range of opportunities from 
mass housing to luxury condos. 
The Eastern Suburbs represent a substantial primary market of about INR 200bn of sales, and it 
has grown at a CAGR of approximately 12% to 15% between FY '21 to '23. On the back of 
strong industry consolidation, desirability of our products as well as Lodha's commitment to 
quality and timely delivery, we have witnessed very strong growth in the market. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Having started in the region as recent as the second half of FY '22, we achieved over INR 1200 
crores of presales in FY '23, which was our first full year of operation. For the current fiscal year 
of FY '24, we are aiming for at least a 40% to 50% growth over the previous year, which 
translates to around INR 1,700 crores to INR 1,800 crores in presales. At the end of H1, we are 
already at INR 800 crores and are well poised to meet this target. 
By the end of the year, our footprint would have increased to five to six operating projects in 
various locations of Eastern Suburbs such as Mulund, Powai, Vikhroli, Sion, Matunga and 
Bhandup. Furthermore, the robust demand for our projects and products has allowed us to 
increase prices by about 6% to 7% annually, which is in line with the pricing strategy of modest 
and digestible price increase, which is at least 200 bps below the white collar salary growth, 
keeping the affordability strong. 
Our goal in the next few years is to expand our market share to 20%. To achieve this, we plan 
to add two to three projects in our region annually as per our supermarket strategy of having 
noncompeting projects within 3 kilometres to 5 kilometres radius to ensure the presence of our 
brand in each of the 10-plus distinct micro markets. We already have a robust pipeline of new 
opportunities, some of which are in advanced stages of discussion and these projects will be 
launched in the upcoming financial year. 
Regarding our organizational structure, we operate with a decentralized system in which each 
regional CEO is responsible for managing all business parameters within their respective region. 
The Eastern Suburb region currently has around 200-plus associates across various departments 
of sales, construction, customer experience, design, marketing, strategy and property 
management. Given the region's accelerated growth stage, our people strategy is to create a 
healthy mix of experienced Lodha associates from other projects and new hires to support our 
continued expansion. 
In conclusion, we are committed to achieving our ambitious growth targets in the Eastern 
Suburbs region. With our strategic approach, strong brand presence and a pipeline of exciting 
opportunities, we are well poised for success. 
Allow me to stop over here and hand it over to Sushil. 
Sushil Modi: 
Hi. Perhaps we can move to the Q&A. Whomever would have queries or clarification to seek. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Puneet Gulati from HSBC. Please 
go ahead. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Yes. Thank you so much and congratulations on good numbers. Can you talk a bit about the 
experiences that you are having in terms of business development in cities like Bangalore, what 
kind of IRR are you expecting from the projects there? And how is the competitive intensity in 
terms of big lands? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Hi Puneet, look, frankly, in the scheme of things for Macrotech, as you know, Bangalore is 
something that we are more in the pilot stage at this point, not really looking for aggressively 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
adding projects. So just from a Macrotech standpoint, perhaps it may be a bit of early to speak 
about. 
But nonetheless, whatever at least we are doing, our IRR thresholds for typical JDA that we have 
always mentioned would be kind of 30% plus. We haven't seen any significant challenge as of 
now getting there. Yes, there are a good number of branded players already existing. 
So, henceforth, it will be wrong to say competition won't be there. But equally, the sizability if 
you see alongside the competition, perhaps you would be able to appreciate that as we move on 
and as we now launch our first product sometime in this month, in the month of November, we'll 
get to hear how the people has received and thereby, what kind of potential that lies ahead of 
Macrotech going forward, be it in terms of the consumer sales and the by default getting our raw 
material land tie-up. 
Puneet Gulati: 
And within Mumbai, in terms of business development, would you focus on JDA? Are you also 
looking to become more aggressive in the society redevelopment projects, etcetera? Any 
thoughts there? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Puneet, frankly, from our standpoint, these dynamics of redevelopment, JDA, all these are, in 
some sense, less relevant. For us, all is in some sense, one and the same. What we really look 
forward is that, we should be looking for a land which we have the ability or that provides the 
ability to launch quicker, be it the redevelopment, be it JDA on a clean land. It doesn't matter. 
What matters is the size of the project, which delivers the certain return thresholds in absolute 
terms as well as on the margin terms and thereby the IRR. So long those are deliverable and it 
can be something that can be quickly brought to the market, because that is what brings the 
returns, right? So those are the ingredients that we will typically look for. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Correct but society redevelopment is slower to launch to market. So will that fit into your scheme 
of things or would you rather avoid that and go for other projects which can be quick to launch 
from the time you acquire? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
No, as I said, so long quick to launch ingredient is pretty much there alongside the return 
threshold, we don't make any distinction. 
Puneet Gulati: 
Understood. That's helpful. And lastly, on your FY '24 launches, are they looking broadly on 
track. There was pretty much nothing this quarter, right? I mean, second half looks to be heavily 
loaded in that ways. That's how one should read it? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Yes. We tend to do as much as possible in the second half because especially Q2 tends to have 
this monsoons unpredictability. You don't want to time a launch at a weekend when monsoons 
throw the city out of gear. 
So we typically tend to plan it in the second half of the year. Not saying that we don't do anything 
in the first half of the year, but it tends to be more loaded to the second half of the year. And yes, 
in terms of our launch pipeline for the second half, it all looks reasonably in place. Obviously, 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
the ones which are planned for March sometimes can slip to in April, but it looks to be all in 
place. 
Puneet Gulati: 
 
Understood. That's very helpful. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Abhishek Lodha:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. 
Please go ahead, sir 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So I had a few questions. So first is the impact of the BMC order on pollution and all. Do you 
think this impacts your construction spend at least for this quarter? 
Rajib Das: 
Hi Saurabh, the BMC's guidelines have been around for some time. We're, I would say, largely 
compliant with them. There are going to be certain supply chain issues, which have not yet 
cropped up, but there is a likelihood of certain supply chain issues cropping up. If they stop the 
transportation of heavy vehicles within the city in order to control the pollution-related issues. 
That is a contingent event if the air quality reaches a certain threshold, which they classify as 
severe. So at this stage, I would say that there is no impact on our construction schedule or spend, 
but there is a downside risk in case the air quality crossed threshold that has been stated to be 
severe. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Understood. The second is essentially -- so you talked about this Eastern Suburbs. So we 
are seeing a lot of infrastructure come up like Navi-Mumbai Airport, the Trans Harbour Link, 
the Airoli connectivity, which you spoke about. 
So if you have to imagine, what happens, let's say, two years or three years out, would you 
expect, let's say, the differential in pricing between where Palava Airoli belt rates versus, let's 
say, the Andheri East, Goregaon, Kandivali belt to trade because the relative infrastructure is 
higher in Eastern Suburbs should that differential start to narrow down because the differential 
today is more like 3x to 4x? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Saurabh, so I think, we see that pricing at any location are driven by two things. One is quality 
of life and second is the length of commute. Palava has been very well received when it comes 
to the first metric, which is quality of life. Which is the reason why it enjoys a premium over 
other projects in the micro market. And where we expect to have substantial upside benefit 
coming in terms of pricing is now the length of the commute. 
Length of the community is in minutes, in time count, which is how a consumer thinks about it. 
So yes, over the next few years, and it is incremental, right, because you have the Airoli tunnel, 
for example, opening, then the Trans Harbour Link may happen to become really active maybe 
six months to 12 months down the line, then you have the metro train kicking in probably 
towards the '27, '28. 
And then you have the bullet train from BKC, which is scheduled to complete in 2029, 2030 for 
this leg. So every one year to two years, you are going to see that the time it takes from Palava 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
to the main epicenters of the city is going to continue to come down. And as that happens and 
you combine that with quality of life, what you are saying is very, very highly likely to come 
through. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Understood, sir. And lastly, on your Pune strategy. So on Pune two things. Are you doing 
more JDA or are you doing more own? And secondly, like how would you say that, you are 
differentiated from competition because Pune has a pretty decent set of developers operating 
there for a long time. So you're doing large format townships, more high-end developments or 
just kind of more thoughts on your strategy in Pune? Thanks. 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Pune, in terms of land acquisition, obviously, our strategy is JDA-led. Generally, our strategy is 
on joint-development-led because that's where our ROEs are higher. And that sort of as we get 
to this mix of about 40% of our sales coming from JDA, which should happen by the end of this 
fiscal or sometime next fiscal, then we will sort of start becoming more balanced as a mix of 
JDA and outright. 
So that strategy sort of keeps sort of evolving in line with market opportunities as well as how 
we are looking at it at a corporate level. I would beg to differ with your point of view in terms 
of how our brand is perceived versus what the existing competition in Pune is. I think, the Lodha 
brand is perceived in a much higher light by the Pune consumer as in terms of the quality of the 
design, the quality of the product and the service standards. 
And I would say this for both Pune and to an extent for Bangalore is that there are good players 
who do what I would say, mid-end product. But when you talk about product, which is lifestyle-
oriented and value-added, I think Lodha has a big lead in the consumer's mind in terms of what 
it brings to the table. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Maybe I take this offline. And just one last question. Sushil, what is the total now left 
from UK.? Is that over now? Or is there any balance left? 
Sushil Modi: 
As I said last September that INR1,100 crores-odd was yet to -- what to come, of which INR550 
crores has already come, the rest INR550 crores, we are expecting potentially in this financial 
year any time. But that should come this financial year. This would once for all kind of get out 
of the UK thing. 
Saurabh Kumar:  
Okay. Thank you, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal from BOFA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Thank you. My first question is that during the quarter, there were media articles saying that 
regulations and procedures around society redevelopment could be simplified. So Abhishek, 
would you view that as an expansion of opportunity for more business development? Or would 
you also view that as potentially a lot more supply that can come into the market? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Our view, Kunal, is that supply and regulatory changes are areas which don't really impact the 
business cycle in any significant manner simply because ultimately, it's about what product does 
one build and who is building it and whether the consumer is comfortable with both of those. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
The simplification of society redevelopment procedures or for that matter any other easing of 
business environment is very welcome because it improves productivity for whoever is involved 
in it. We have done some society redevelopment or tenanted property redevelopment in the past. 
We are open to exploring it in the future, too. So it's a source of supply. 
The great thing about Mumbai is that supply is always there and available in different forms. 
And that is what allows Mumbai to operate at a scale that it operates at much bigger than any 
other market in the country because the supply is available. Consumers can get what they want. 
And that is good for a long-term healthy market and also it reduces the incentive for excessive 
price growth because supply keeps coming to the market. 
Kunal Tayal: 
Yes. Got it. Okay and then just a follow-up here is that, there are a lot of divergent data points 
in the market right now on how fast exactly is the MMR market growing. So what would be 
your assessment that on your projected bookings growth of almost 20% for the year, are you 
gaining market share? And the spirit of the question is, do you sense that the number of market 
participants are increasing because the cycle is in an established strong phase right now? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
Our market share growing? Yes, certainly. I think we certainly believe that our market share is 
growing. And that has to be seen from the context, not just from the sales growth, but also from 
the fact that as we increase the number of locations in line with our supermarket strategy, there 
are unaddressed markets in the past, which we are now addressing. And therefore, automatically, 
share growth is happening.  
The fact is that, the top five developers in Mumbai have less than 25% market share as of last 
year. And therefore, there is a lot of room to grow on consolidation. There is also space for new 
entrants, if they so wish to enter. Now what happens to those new entrants and how they perform, 
time will tell. I have no view on that. 
But top line as well as bottom line are areas which one has to look at closely as one enters new 
markets. And that's why when we enter new markets like Pune earlier, and now Bangalore, our 
focus is on not just top line, but also on making sure that the bottom line comes through along 
with that and execution comes to along with that. So there is room for Mumbai to support one 
player or two players or three players who want to enter from outside Mumbai. 
But we don't see that competitive intensity is in the manner that you are stating it because we 
believe that the business has moved from being a commodity to being a branded business. So it 
doesn't really matter, how many people are selling cellphones. There is Apple and then there is 
Samsung and then there is everybody else. And that's how we believe, real estate is also moving 
to. 
Kunal Tayal: 
 
Yes. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Yes. Thanks for the opportunity and congrats on a very strong performance. First is in terms of 
micro market performance capacity, South Central had a very good quarter. It wasn't specific to 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
any particular project because we have been hearing certain transactions in media? Or do you 
see this improvement across projects because of people's preference for larger homes? And how 
do you see this trajectory for South Central as a market going ahead? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
So you're right, that South Central Mumbai in the first half of the year and particularly in Q2, 
has done quite well. it's probably a story which is similar to other markets where you add 
locations, you have growth. Plus, we are seeing price growth in existing locations. And to an 
extent, we are seeing volume growth also in existing locations. 
So this time in South Central Mumbai, you, of course, had the World Towers and Park 
contributing. But you also had Lodha Malabar contributing, you had Lodha Bellevue 
contributing. So, we see that generally the market in South Central Mumbai is very deep. We 
are, by far, the most desired brand in this market. And as we bring in supply, we expect to 
continue to see the momentum grow. 
There are probably two new locations we'll add in the second half of the year within South 
Central Mumbai, land, of course, is already acquired and approvals are in place. So we expect 
that this momentum continues for some time. You can have quarterly ups and downs. 
But generally, what we see across our business is out of our 20% growth, about 6%, 7% will 
come from price of the balance, 5%, 6% will come from volume growth in existing locations, 
and then 6% to 8% will come from volume from new locations. And in different measures, that's 
a story, which is now playing out in South Central Mumbai too. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
But any pricing strategy in South Central Mumbai would be different from the other markets 
because of higher propensity to pay for the customers. So would it be different? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I would say is that, again, which I answered it in a different context, but I'll say it again, pricing 
strategy that we have is to charge a premium to competition because we believe, we deliver the 
best product and the best service and there is and people get the best lifestyle and have no 
problem in paying a premium to the market. 
And that's really our pricing strategy across the board. Having said that, when it comes to price 
growth, we are conservative. We believe that once a project is started off and a pricing is 
established just because there is demand, one should not go ballistic on price increases because 
affordability is a key consideration. 
So our pricing strategy is pretty similar across markets. There is no exception to South Central 
Mumbai has a higher propensity to pay because consumers across the board want great value. 
Value is a combination of price combined with what product and service one is getting. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And second, on your JDA, it has been like 2.5 years now since you have been doing 
these transactions, preferably JDAs. Any change in terms of land owner expectations that you 
have seen during this period? And how are we tackling it, if at all? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We believe that the JDA pipeline and the JDA dynamics can be evidenced by the level of 
business development that we've done in the first half of the year. We believe that Lodha's 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
attractiveness as a brand, what is attractive to the consumer or what is attractable to a lender is 
also attractive to the landowner, which is strong governance and great execution capability. And 
in that context, we continue to see a healthy pipeline. I would say the pipeline is lot bigger today 
than it was 18 months ago. And consequently, we can afford to be picky and choosy about what 
transactions we do and making sure that the margins that we target, which is 18% in Mumbai in 
terms of PBT and ROEs in excess of 30% on these JDAs can be delivered with room for error. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And just lastly, on your digital infra business, where you mentioned that pricing have increased 
to INR5 crores per acre now and since in last few quarters, I mean, the volumes have not been 
as big as what probably we have been mentioning roughly INR600 crores, INR700 crores kind 
of a target every year. So is pricing becoming a bit resistant now for people who are looking to 
buy land and probably once the infra comes up that time, we will see more volumes and 
transactions? Or how do you see the volume of transaction that is happening now? Is it in line 
with your expectation or maybe it can improve in future? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I would like to clarify a few things. Our digital infrastructure business is our warehousing and 
industrial parks business, where we develop warehousing and industrial parks initially in Palava, 
and then we are now doing across other locations. What you are referring to in terms of land 
value is Macrotech Developers selling land to third parties, which would include our digital 
infrastructure partners or platform also. 
So I just wanted to distinguish between those two. In terms of the land sales and land momentum, 
as you can imagine, it's chunky. Last year, we sold 140, 100 plus acres in a single transaction to 
a warehousing development entity. And obviously, that takes them three or four years before 
they are able to fully monetize that. That's the nature of the business. We see right now that the 
momentum on land sales is reasonable. 
You may have read about the fact that we've recently divested of a subsidiary to a company 
which is focused on building logistics and solutions called New Cold, which is a globally 
renowned cold chain logistics company. We've just announced the transaction for INR1.5 billion 
transaction will complete then funds should come this quarter. So we're quite in a good space 
when it comes to the quantum of land that we want to transact. 
The piece which is not necessarily, I would say, predictable is the acquisition that the 
government does for its infrastructure. So in the last fiscal, there was more acquisition done by 
the government for its infrastructure this year, there has been lesser. It's dependent on what their 
priorities are and so on. So sometimes that number varies a lot. But what is sold to the market, I 
think, is moving quite well. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure, that’s helpful. That’s in from my side. All the best and Happy Diwali to you and your team 
in advance. Thank you. 
Abhishek Lodha:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies India. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Abhinav Sinha: 
The first question is on cash flows. So we seem to be trending well on our guidance on net debt 
for the full year and you already alluded to second half being much stronger on inflows. So if 
there is a bit of a surplus here, what are the strategies we are looking for, how to utilize that cash 
flow? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
We do expect that the debt reduction in the second half of the year will be higher. And as Sushil 
also mentioned, we expect to receive about INR550 crores from the U.K. in the second half of 
the year. So that will also help. Having said that, I think it's a net debt number. 
We, of course, look at our business development opportunities on an ongoing basis. But it's 
possible that net debt might be slightly lower than at one point and then go up in the next quarter 
if it's gone below where we want to be. So that's a normal part of the business because business 
development opportunities or opportunities to deploy this capital don't necessarily come in the 
same time frame as the cash flow coming in. Obviously, while we paid out our first dividend 
last year, we expect to increase our return to shareholders also over time, either in the form of 
dividends or other means. So all of those things will be considered by the Board at the right time. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, secondly, on the township side. So sales momentum on residential, despite the uptick you're 
seeing broadly and also the infra improvement, it seems to be flattish in the first half. So I mean, 
what will you sort of ascribe that to? And also, do you think some government intervention is 
needed for this segment now? 
Abhishek Lodha: 
I think the overall performance of the extended Eastern Suburbs for the full year will see 
meaningful growth over last year's number. Last year, we did about INR23 billion, and we expect 
that number to be growing meaningfully. So we have meaningful growth when it comes to the 
sales performance in the extended Eastern Suburb in spite of the impact of the increase in 
mortgage rates. 
In terms of the segment between INR30 lakhs and INR75 lakhs where the sensitivity to mortgage 
rates is the highest, clearly, there is some impact on demand there. And any intervention from 
the government which supports sort of these people who are buying their first home, starter 
homes, would be welcome. 
We of course all read some news reports in that regard. And if that were to come through, that 
would be, I would say, the right thing from an economic perspective because housing not only 
creates an immense amount of employment, but it also creates wealth for those who own homes 
and therefore, to get the families onto the housing ladder as early as practical, especially when 
we've had this increase in interest rates for reasons which are global in nature, nothing to do with 
things these families have made choices on. It would be, I would say, a positive intervention if 
it were to come. We, of course, hope it happens, but let's see. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
 
Thanks Abhishek and all the best to the team. 
Abhishek Lodha:  
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Anand 
Kumar, Head, Investor Relations, for closing comments. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
 
Macrotech Developers Limited
 
 
October 30, 2023 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
Anand Kumar: 
Thank you, Malcolm. Thank you, Biplab. In conclusion, I would only say that I reiterate the 
point what Abhishek mentioned, the demand conditions on the ground remain very robust and 
the early read through of the festive season is quite encouraging. With this, we conclude the call. 
I would like to thank all of you and wish you for all the festivals coming up. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
