 
 
 GEL/SEC/2023-24/73 
 
 November 07, 2023                                                                      
                    
           Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
           Sub: Transcript of Q2 FY'24 earnings conference call 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q2 FY'24 
earnings conference call held on October 31, 2023. The Transcript is also available on the 
Company’s website at https://www.gokaldasexports.com/investor-and-shareholder-relations/ 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Gokaldas Exports Limited 
 
 
 
 
Gourish Hegde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encl: as above 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
25th Floor, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code - 532630 
 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
 The Exchange Plaza 
 Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
 Mumbai – 400 051 
 Scrip Code: GOKEX 
GOURISH 
GANAPATI 
HEGDE
Digitally signed by 
GOURISH GANAPATI 
HEGDE 
Date: 2023.11.07 
13:06:45 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
“Gokaldas Exports Limited Q2 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIVARAMAKRISHNAN GANAPATHI – VICE 
CHAIRMAN & MANAGING DIRECTOR, GOKALDAS 
EXPORTS LIMITED 
MR. SATHYAMURTHY A – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
GOKALDAS EXPORTS LIMITED 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to Gokaldas Exports Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from E&Y. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Binay Sarda: 
Thank you, Lizann. Good evening to all the participants on this call. 
Before we proceed to the call let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-looking 
statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It must be 
viewed in conjunction with our business risks that could cause future results, performance or 
achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements. 
Please note that we have mailed the “Results and the Presentation” and the same are available 
on the company's website. In case you have not received the same you can write to us, and we'll 
be happy to send the same over to you. 
To take us through the results and answer your questions today, we have the top management of 
Gokaldas Exports Limited represented by Mr. Sivaramakrishnan Ganapathi – Vice Chairman & 
Managing Director and Mr. Sathyamurthy – Chief Financial Officer. 
We'll start the call with a brief overview of the quarter gone pass and then conduct Q&A session. 
With that said I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Siva. Over to you sir.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Thank you Binay. Good afternoon, everyone. Happy to have you at our earnings call for the 
second quarter of FY24.  
Retail sales have been resilient and maintained gains year to date 2023. Brands have been able 
to sell their products at full price reducing the need for discounts which has contributed to growth 
primarily in terms of price rather than volume. However, this has not translated into a higher 
demand for apparel manufacturers. US apparel imports for the year to date fell by 23% while 
EU fell by 13%. Major brands were consciously liquidating excess inventory holdings and 
controlling their purchases.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
During the quarter our performance remained subdued, which was in line with the market 
condition. This is a period when we manufacture for the holiday season, weak retail demand in 
autumn winter 2022 due to high inflation, high interest rates and a mild winter contributed to 
excess inventory impacting offtake for this period. Our revenue for the quarter came in lower by 
11.7% due to lower demand. In this quarter we incurred certain one-time expenses of Rs.5.2 
crores of which Rs.1.6 crores was for acquisition led expense and Rs.3.6 crores was for the 
startup of our MP plant. As you know when we start up a factory, we have to ramp up our 
manpower and put a lot of people through training and there's a lot of startup expenses that we 
incur which will probably continue for a quarter or two more. 
On the acquisition Led expense as well, there may be some additional bookings of acquisition 
led expense in the next quarter too. This Rs.5.2 crores of one-time expense impacted our 
operating margin by 1% adjusting for which our EBITDA margin in Q2 FY24 stands at 12% 
compared to 12.5% in Q2 FY23. We also ramped up our labor force in Q2 in preparation for 
third quarter business volume, resulting in an increase in wage cost of about Rs.5 crores. Further 
our operating margin was impacted by an increase in statutory wages for factory employees. We 
continued to offset some of the cost decreases through superior operational performance. In the 
first half of the year, we generated Rs.113 crores in cash from operations and covered our capital 
expenditure of Rs.70 crores. We plan to incur another Rs.75 crores of capital expenditure in the 
second half of the year to continue to build up our capacity as we plan for future growth.  
Our new manufacturing unit in Madhya Pradesh is on track and we expect production to increase 
in the coming quarters. The fabric processing unit in Tamil Nadu is in advanced stages of 
completion as well. We are making good progress with our acquisition of Atraco. We are 
awaiting regulatory approvals from different jurisdictions and anticipate the process to be 
completed by the end of Q3 FY24. We are expecting the momentum to pick up in the second 
half of the year, particularly with Q3 production for spring ‘24 as brands have more or less 
destocked their inventory and are increasing their order placements. This is also a period of 
increased sourcing from India. We anticipate sequential growth to trend up in the next two 
quarters.  
We believe that the strategic moves that we are taking will allow us to continue to grow the 
business going forward. We continue to closely monitor potential macroeconomic situations and 
take measures, focusing on customer relationships and service excellence. We are confident of 
the medium to long term prospects of the company. I thank you for listening and would be happy 
to address questions that you may have.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Jatin Chawla from RTL Investments.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
Jatin Chawla: 
My question was when I compare Gokaldas Exports and India’s overall apparel exports, it seems 
the performance is largely in line. I would have expected that in this kind of weak scenario, the 
stronger larger players would probably do better. So just wanted to understand why is that not 
panning out?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Good question. So, there are several reasons for it. One of the reasons is that the primary reason 
is that we are a very outerwear focused company and in the second quarter we do a lot of products 
which are meant for holiday season for cold weather purposes. That's a core product for us. Last 
winter was a very mild winter and coupled with a very high degree of inventory stocking on the 
brand side, resulted in the brands placing very low orders for outerwear products for this coming 
winter. That is winter of 2023, holiday season 2023. So, this resulted in our Q2 volumes being 
more impacted as we don't do as much fashion wear and other lightweight products or 
commodity products. So we had to switch to many other product types for this Q2 to offset this 
peculiar situation of higher inventory stocking of the product types that we tend to specialize in. 
So that's one of the reasons for our decline in growth which came certainly in line with India's 
exports. Number two, we are US heavy and as you're aware that US imports have fallen much 
more than European imports. So that also impacted us a bit more in Q2. And number three, was 
if you look at our last year Q2, we had a very strong performance much higher than the rest of 
the industry. So, there is also a base effect which resulted in us coming more or less in line with 
the industry decline. So, if you adjust for all of this actually, we have performed well. But that 
said if you seek an explanation this is what I have. 
Jatin Chawla: 
Clearly, I understand the product type dependency. Overall, you would think that in the market 
the larger players would still be doing better than the smaller players and hence once this 
anomaly kind of adjusts, we should expect to do better. 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Always, absolutely. 
Jatin Chawla: 
And given that how small India is as a part of the overall global pie, is it a little bit surprising 
that Indian exports are not doing better than—I understand that overall conditions are tougher 
and India is doing—slightly better. But would you have expected India to do slightly better than 
what you have done in the last couple of months?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Again, Q1 and Q2 is not India's strength. Gokaldas is different. We do a lot of synthetics and 
outerwear and all of that. But typically, India plays to its strengths in the third and 4th Quarters 
when more and more spring and summer wear comes into play if they use cotton and viscose 
based fabrics. So typically, you will see a little bit of a surge in the third and 4th Quarter for 
India as such. And in a situation where the brands are buying a lot less then it's a question of 
relative impact. Globally all the regions have seen considerable slowdown. So, when I talk to 
operators in Bangladesh, Vietnam, China they've all seen a much higher degree of slowdown. 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
So, in such a situation it's hard for anybody to outperform. The fact that India has dropped only 
12% is a good sign I would say.  
Jatin Chawla: 
And would you expect these markets share gains for India then to accelerate a little bit once the 
overall market picks up given that then the guy who's sourcing would not be cutting volumes 
from somebody and gaining it but rather incremental volumes would be guaranteed?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
It should, some degree of the bounce back will benefit at least the stronger players from India 
for sure and we will have to build upon it going forward.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Gunjan Kabra from Niveshaay.  
Gunjan Kabra: 
Wanted to understand that home textiles in the US have showing a sign of pickup. At least some 
companies are showing a sign of a pickup in their numbers. So, do you think that same is the 
inventory has decreased now for the apparel segment also? And how do you see this for the next 
Q3 and Q4 and going forward for Gokaldas Exports?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I think the inventory issues going forward is a lot lower because many of the brands have 
managed to destock well. And it is also evidenced by the fact that our order book is pretty good 
for the third and the 4th Quarter. So, we are seeing traction coming back. If you see the US retail 
market that has been reasonably resilient, and I hope that it stays resilient through 2024. So that 
depends on a lot of macroeconomic factors. But as far as the brand is concerned, all the buyers 
are concerned, and their inventory issues are concerned. I think we have seen some de-stocking 
that more or less happened. So, it will help us grow going forward.  
Gunjan Kabra: 
So, also wanted to understand your view in short term and long term. Initially like 1.5 year back 
at least there was like a tailwind in the sector where India was gaining market share and because 
of the China ban and China Plus One. So right now, because of the slowdown in the US and 
Europe and everything, so we have acquired Atraco also and we are in expansionary phase also. 
I wanted to understand what's your vision is for the short term. What are the factors that can 
maybe hinder growth or settle in short term and maybe the long-term vision for Gokaldas in say 
next 2 to 3 years, 4 years? What kind of growth or what kind of perspective do you see with the 
acquisition going forward?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
So, I don't see too many short-term issues barring macroeconomic factors and that's anybody's 
guess. You can also judge on how that is going to pan out. If you look at the US interest rates 
have been kept high and there may be some impact on consumer sentiment going forward. So 
far, the US market has bucked all the trends and consumer demand has been reasonably resilient 
in that market. We'll have to see how that pans out going forward. There are elections in several 
jurisdictions US, Mexico, UK, India so on and so forth. We'll have to see how all of that pans 
out. But by and large I think global demand doesn't have such wild oscillation. My sense is that 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
the excess of inventory which happened when the supply chains tightened up and then eased out 
all of that is more or less wearing off. So, we're back to catering to the usual demand growth that 
will happen going forward. Some degree of normalcy will return to the market. Now in such a 
scenario, stronger players will have the ability to win more market share and continue to grow. 
So going forward there'll be a bit of a steadying of the volatile fluctuations is what I guess. Again, 
everything caveated to some major geopolitical crisis. I feel that China Plus One will continue 
to play out. It's already playing out on the cotton sector but it'll slowly start happening in the 
other synthetics as well. It will take a few years but that also will move as India's cost structures 
are far superior and we are exploring newer lower cost locations. We're also looking at a possible 
FTA with UK and if that happens that will be a great benefit for India. If EU FTA comes which 
will take some time that also will be a major shot in the arm for Indian manufacturers. I think 
that for a good solid manufacturer who can compete and hold themselves at a global level, the 
opportunity is very strong. That's the reason why we are investing in capacity. We are making 
sure that the capacities that we are investing in are low cost. We're investing in relationships 
with new customers. So, there's several discussions that are happening with customers. I feel 
confident that in the next 2 to 3 years the prospects should be good for Gokaldas. Our Atraco 
acquisition will also come into play most likely from 4th Quarter of the current financial year. 
The order book for that entity is also pretty good going forward. I'm taking comfort from all of 
these strengths and saying that we should be on a good growth path going forward subject to no 
major macroeconomic crisis.  
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Anush Kumar from Spark Asia Impact Managers Private 
Limited.  
Anush Kumar: 
I have two questions. My first question is on the export incentive part where the RoSCTL I think 
the extension is till March ‘24. What is your take on that? Will there be any further extension on 
that and if there is not any extension and what would be the impact? Because considering the 
fact that we have put in lot of money what would be the margin and revenue impact for that? 
Second question can you also throw some ballpark growth for the second half? Will the subdued 
first half be compensated by the second half performance both on revenue and margin front? 
Are you seeing that type of growth?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Coming to RoSCTL, your first question; at the moment RoSCTL is applicable till FY24. That is 
March 31st, 2024. The government of India is aware and there have been discussions going on 
for continued extension of RoSCTL. We will have to wait for directions from the government 
on RoSCTL. Since it's an industry-wide situation, the impact will be uniform for all the industry, 
and we will have to play it accordingly. We will also have to see how much of it we can price it 
into the customers. Eventually, it will all get priced in as far as the customers are concerned since 
it is not impacting one player negatively. There are also several other things going on globally. 
For instance, even in Bangladesh, there is expected to be a sharp wage increase by end of this 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
year. So, all of these do impact regional competitiveness and I guess we will have to take in 
stride. Our best hope is that the RoSCTL gets extended beyond FY24. All efforts are being made 
by the industry to secure this. So, we will have to wait and watch but we feel that the government 
may listen to us, listen to the industry favorably given that this industry also employs a lot of 
people and it is important to preserve the competitive economics of this industry. So, there is a 
likelihood that this may get extended.  
As far as your second question is concerned regarding the prognosis for the second half, our 
endeavor is for us to recover the revenue growth in the second half and try to come to at least 
last year's revenue level this year. So, if you look at our last year, we had a strong H1 and after 
that when the world went into a tailspin thanks to high inventory etc., we started dropping our 
revenues to about Rs.525 crores level from Q3 onwards. I think we will see a reversal of the 
trend in this year and Q3 and Q4 we will see an upward growth such that by and large we will 
try to cover up and get back to the revenue level of last year. I anticipate us getting closer to 
Rs.2,200 odd crores in the current financial year. On top of it there will be Atraco contributing 
to incremental revenue in the 4th Quarter. So overall we will have a growth YOY for Gokaldas. 
Does that answer your question?  
Anush Kumar: 
Yes sir. One more question, on this second half I think it is more of cotton-based products, can 
we see margin expansion as well? Is my assumption right on that? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Yes, I think our endeavor is to work towards a margin of 12%-12.5% EBITDA margin for the 
year.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Vikas from Equirus Securities.  
Vikas: 
My first question is with respect to our employee cost. Of course, you mentioned that we did 
increase our labor to prepare for the 3Q but can we go ahead and estimate that Rs.180 crores per 
quarter would be a sustainable run rate or it could be somewhere even inch up higher going 
ahead in next quarter?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
No, I think that Rs.180-Rs.190 crores will be the rate at which labor cost will trend in the quarters 
ahead.  
Vikas: 
Secondly, would you like to throw some light on how was Atraco's performance in the quarter? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
We have not concluded the acquisition of Atraco, so Aatraco still remains a separate entity and 
we anticipate that with regulatory approvals coming in sometime in the near future, we should 
be able to conclude the acquisition by end of this current quarter. That is Q3. So as of now the 
company is tracking to its performance and it's more or less tracking to last year's performance 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
level despite market headwinds. But we are still not in control of the assets since we have not 
yet got the regulatory approvals.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital Advisors.  
V.P. Rajesh: 
First question is regarding UK FTA, what's the timing on that? Has it been pushed out and what's 
your sense that when will it come through?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Rajesh, I wish I knew that. And we're all eagerly awaiting for UK FTA to happen. Obviously 
FTA for textiles is just one of the agenda in the India UK trade relations. So, Government of 
India and the UK Government are working on it. We are hoping that it should happen sometime 
soon. We are eagerly awaiting it but it's hard to put a timeline on it. I guess a lot of those 
discussions have already happened. That's what I'm given to understand. But as far as the timing 
is concerned it's anybody's guess. Government of India has its own set of priorities and there are 
a lot of discussions going on between the two countries and discussions are at a fairly advanced 
and concluding stages is what I understand.  
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then similarly for the Kenya renewal for its US FTA, what's the timeline on that?  
When do you think that will come through?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
You're talking of US FTA? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Okay I got it. AGOA is valid till December 2025. So that discussion will come up only in 2025. 
So, there is some time for it. Last time it was extended from 2015 to 2025. The expectation 
which I hear from Kenya and other markets are that it will get extended by another 10 years. So 
far it has been going in line. Kenya is also working on an FTA with US because geopolitically 
Kenya is very closely aligned with the US, regardless of AGOA I think Kenya is expected to 
enjoy preferential access to US market. But there is a lot of time before we can talk about AGOA 
extension.  
V.P. Rajesh: 
And then on the MP plant if you can talk about when does it gets to 100% capacity and how that 
ramps up in the coming financial year? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I think to reach 100% capacity utilization we are talking of almost like Q2 of next year, they will 
continue to ramp up. Our endeavor will be to ramp it up as soon as possible. It all is a function 
of how fast we can get the people trained and deployed on the floor and they reach their peak 
productivity level. It's not just about putting the manpower in the floor or to the production floor 
but also getting their productivity up and that also takes another 6 months. I anticipate that we 
are talking about somewhere like by end of Q2 by which time we will have the productivity 
levels and the full manpower complement to be playing out.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Varun Gajaria from Omkara Capital.  
Varun Gajaria: 
I just had a question on this on FY24. So earlier today I thought in one of the interviews you 
mentioned that, there is already the 10% to 12% growth YOY in FY24, am I getting that wrong? 
If the revenues are going to be flat, then how will that work out?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
You are talking about FY24, right?  
Varun Gajaria: 
Yes. 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
That is the expectation. As I mentioned a little while earlier our endeavor is to come as close to 
last year's revenue based on our current performance which is about Rs.2200+ crores and then 
we expect that Atraco should contribute incremental revenue in the 4th Quarter, so that will give 
us an incremental revenue in the 4th Quarter too. So overall we can expect about a 10% kind of 
revenue growth in ‘24 over ‘23, FY24. 
Varun Gajaria: 
So that will be on consolidated basis.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Yes of course.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas from Equirus.  
Vikas: 
What are the volumes and the ASPs for the quarter?  
Sathyamurthy A: 
We have done 7.77 million and the ASP per piece is around Rs. 610.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
For the quarter.  
Vikas: 
Going ahead since in H2 we generally do cotton based products. So, this ASP generally drops 
for the H2 quarter, right?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
That is correct. So, as I had mentioned earlier, the outerwear business was a bit slow because of 
the weather-related issues and excess inventory from last year. We have produced a lot more 
non outerwear products in Q2 which otherwise would have been an outerwear heavy season for 
us. All of that contributed to slightly lower ASP in the quarter.  
Vikas: 
I just wanted to confirm that last that is 2Q of 23 our unit sales volume was 6.7 million pieces 
with an ASP of Rs.850, is that correct?  
Sathyamurthy A: 
You're right.  
Moderator: 
The next question is in the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital Management.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Pulkit Singhal: 
My first question is just on the kind of engagements you're having with clients. Now that the US 
inventory collection is behind, what is the level of new client engagement? How is that picking 
up quarter-on-quarter? And how is your conversation with some of the existing clients as they're 
looking to diversify the supply chains? Are they saying that why don't you just go ahead and set 
up capacity? So, some softer discussions around the same.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
The discussions with existing clients have been going strong and we have actually been engaging 
with them on starting new product lines or product types, expanding relationships with other 
sub-brands. Many of these retailers have several brands that they carry and we may be supplying 
two to three brands so we can add incremental businesses. All of those discussions are going on 
based on our track record our relationships and the fact that they tend to see that the inventory 
levels are now coming back to some degree of normalcy going forward. So, all of that is going 
on, it's encouraging. I'm picking up encouraging signals as I see going forward. The only caveat 
that I have is I don't know how the stubbornly high-interest rates will pan out going forward in 
the US from a retail demand perspective because retail demand despite everything has kept on 
growing albeit at a lower rate but it's still positive for the calendar year 2023 till date. I hope that 
the retail demand stays going forward. But the dialogue with the brands has always been 
encouraging. On top of it if FTA and all happens, I think there will be further additional growth 
from Europe that will be a positive for us. Incrementally our customers are talking about 
expanding their relationships with us, so we seem to be drawing comfort from all of that.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
The second question is on the gross margin front; you're clearly taking a call of working only on 
slightly higher margin profile at the cost of revenue growth. Now as growth is coming back, how 
is the pricing environment now? Do you have to sacrifice some bit of margins to get that growth 
or are you seeing a good margin at a gross margin level also considering? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
There is a tight pricing regime going on. As long as the buys are less than in the past, there will 
always be a pricing pressure. So, if demand is less than supply, we will always have this issue. 
Buyers have choices. There are players in other global markets as well who are willing to 
compromise on their margins and bid. So, while we try to hold on to our margins to the best 
extent possible it's an uphill battle until there is a degree of normalcy from a demand perspective. 
So as the demand climbs up, some of these pressures will yield or will reduce. But I don't 
anticipate that happening anytime soon. We will see how FY25 plays out. I'm hoping that 
sometime during that period, we will see some degree of pricing power come back. But in the 
meanwhile, we do not drop prices and chase revenues. That's not in our DNA. We will try to 
hold on to our margins to the extent possible.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anurag Agrawal from Agrawal Analytical Investments.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Anurag Agrawal: 
I noticed that in our presentation were focused towards Europe and the US for our export related 
business. I just wanted to understand in future do we also aim to target other geographies like 
probably Canada, Australia or MENA region?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Globally US, Europe and China are the top markets from an apparel demand perspective. Lot of 
China's demand is fulfilled by China based players, so China produces for China. So that really 
leaves US and Europe for players like us from a demand catering perspective. We have been US 
centric in our approach, so 75% to 80% of what we produce goes to the US market. Europe is 
much smaller in our portfolio. We intend to increase our exposure to Europe as we go forward 
to balance the revenue mix and in anticipation of an FTA with the UK. As far as Australia, 
MENA and others are concerned they are much smaller markets and if it suits us, we will go for 
those markets. But at the moment the overheads of a relationship and to cultivate those markets 
are much higher to warrant efforts in that region. 
Anurag Agrawal: 
My question was in this particular region due to the factor that we are seeing some kind of an 
economic risk out there in US, since recently I also read that credit card delinquencies have 
increased to 60%. So, this could have a potential impact on us in the coming time. So that's why 
I thought if our company was trying to diversify the geography base. 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
The only issue is that the other markets are so much smaller. If you look at population of 
Australia, it's a tiny fraction of the United States population. The problem with all of these 
markets that you mentioned are way too small. So, we have to make sure that we secure ourselves 
with the larger markets and make sure that we work with the right set of customers so that we 
minimize our impact.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rehan from Equitree Capital. 
Rehan: 
As an earlier participant asked about RoSCTL and you mentioned that it will be till it's currently 
till the 31st of March 2024. Assuming the government doesn't carry forward that what kind of 
margin impact do you seem to face in the industry if you can shed some light on the same?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
So, it's a bit difficult to estimate at this moment. We are hoping that it should get extended but, 
in the event, it doesn't happen it is not that we will take a 3.5% or whatever we are getting as 
RoSCTL. That level of hit maybe we will have to take hit at 50% of that level till we try to 
recover that back going forward. So, the recovery of that will happen by pushing back on pricing 
and all of that, it'll take about two to four quarters before we recover it all back. But in the 
meanwhile, we may have to take about half of that as a hit I presume.  
Rehan: 
So, basically not some concrete level of margin impact we can see? 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
No, RoSCTL amounts to about 3.5% of the export turnover which is bulk of our turnover. So 
that's the 3.5% EBITDA margin sitting there. But my sense is that it's a transparent thing. The 
brands also know that RoSCTL is available to all the suppliers and to that extent it gets factored 
in the pricing. So, for whatever reason RoSCTL goes away, there is a possibility of pushing that 
back into the pricing when we do our calculations going forward. So, our endeavor would be to 
claw back most of it. But I'm presuming that in the interim for a short period, we may have to 
eat half of it and till we fully plow back all of it.  
Rehan: 
One more question would be on the UK FTA. If you can even share some light on the volume, 
you expect that could India generate because of the UK FTA versus the global competitors we 
have any like 10%-15% you see as a ballpark figure? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I anticipate it to be about a billion-dollar opportunity. It's again anybody's guess but this is my 
assessment. If you look at Bangladesh, they export almost US$4 billion to UK and China exports 
about US$5 billion to UK. Once we get a level playing field with Bangladesh and India exports 
to UK about a billion or something like that. So, a portion of it at least three out of 4 billion 
which Bangladesh exports, if we get half a billion and China exports about US$5 billion. And 
I'm presuming that at least US$2 billion out of that will be cotton based and there we will be 
12% cheaper than China because of duty free access. Another half a billion coming out of it. 
Conservatively we can talk of about a billion-dollar opportunity. It can be even more. All 
depends on how well positioned Indian suppliers are to take advantage of the FTA. Economics 
will drive it and economic rationale is very compelling. I feel even a billion dollar is conservative 
estimate.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Ruchit Shah, an individual investor.  
Ruchit Shah: 
I've already had two questions. The first one was the challenges that were highlighted, majorly 
seen external from inflation, brands destocking and US and Euro regions wise having economic 
challenges and so on. I just wanted to ask is there anything specific that we see which could be 
related to Gokaldas either from execution perspective or anything that is company specific to us 
that we are working on?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I'm not sure I fully got your question but if you're asking if there are any challenges that you see 
company is facing. 
Ruchit Shah: 
Yes correct.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I don't see anything directly or immediately impacting Gokaldas specifically from a challenge 
perspective. We have a fairly stable set of operations, a stable set of customers. I don't see any 
risk from that standpoint. It's just that we have a little higher presence in the south of India where 
costs are high and labor costs slowly will keep inching up. So, over a period of time, we will 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
have to diversify our manufacturing operations to access other lower cost labor pool, so it’s only 
to that extent. The good news is that the labor costs are only increasing in China, in Vietnam and 
even in Bangladesh going forward. So, from that perspective while there are certain challenges 
of labor availability and labor costs in south of India, I don't see any other big challenge that are 
confronting us at the sure.  
Ruchit Shah: 
The second question is related to the brands right now have gotten majority of their benefits due 
to price increase versus volume as a contribution. So, from what I understand that means that 
the brands are increasing their prices. So, is there any scope for us also to be looking at increasing 
the average selling prices that we sell to the brands?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
I wish we could do that. I don't think that is feasible because this is all based on demand and 
supply and most of the brands are buying far less than what supply ecosystem is. So, at the 
moment in the market there is a bit of price pressure on account of demand supply consideration. 
So, at the moment I don't foresee us being able to push up our selling prices.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas from Equirus Securities.  
Vikas: 
In one of the comments, you mentioned about that Bangladesh is also expected to take wage 
hike. Can you elaborate on this point? What are you hearing and what could be the extent of 
wage hike that they could take? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
The issue is Bangladesh has seen a very high degree of inflation and that's because their currency 
has dropped sharply. And most of the consumable products that Bangladesh consumes is all 
imported into Bangladesh. So, they have seen cost of living go up and there is an election coming 
up in Bangladesh too. So, there is a bit of pressure to offset some of that through wage hikes. 
The unions are negotiating with the government to reset the minimum wages. My sense is that 
it may be even be as high as 35%-40% wage increase in that country. The last wage hike which 
happened in Bangladesh happened I guess in 2018 or early 2019. So, it's been a while since 
wages have gone up and inflation has eaten into real income. So, it will be high, pretty high 
35%-40% at the least I suspect.  
Vikas: 
My second question is with respect to the one-off expenses that you mentioned. Can you broadly 
quantify how much it could be going ahead?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
My sense is in third quarter we will have about Rs.8 crores of one-off expense. Largely it will 
because of the payments to the lawyers and the accountants and the bankers for all the due 
diligence and acquisition of Atraco. The smaller component of that will be for the Madhya 
Pradesh startup cost, I think that it would conclude by Q3. But we will have approximately Rs.8 
crores worth of one-off cost in Q3. And I don't anticipate this continuing in Q4. If the acquisition 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
is delayed and some of the bookings gets spread out and in this Rs.8 crores will get split between 
Q3 and Q4. So, it depends on the timing of closure of the acquisition. 
Vikas: 
 But as on that you are not expecting any delays in the progress, right?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
No, we are not expecting any delays but it's all procedural. So, all the regulatory approvals there 
are a lot of paperwork required and submissions required. So, we're doing all of those and it is 
going as per schedule.  
Vikas: 
About our MP plant, of course we have commenced the operations in Phase-1. When do we 
expect the Phase-2 of the plant or any broad guidelines of that to commence or to…? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
We've already released plant drawings for Phase 2 and we will soon commence construction. 
So, my expectation is that Phase 2 will start production sometime in FY25, in the later half of 
FY25.  
Vikas: 
And this Tamil Nadu plant, I believe that will also happen phases or it is like a one go we are 
doing it by the end of this year.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
It is a fabric mill, so it'll happen in one go. There was a slight delay in the construction part of it 
as we had to change the configuration a bit and all of that for technical reasons. We are 
anticipating that instead of end of Q3 we may have to start that in early Q4 this year.  
Vikas: 
And the ramp up of that will happen over a period of one year.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
That will be about a 1-1.5 year, yes it will ramp up. 
Moderator: 
 The next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Just wanted to understand what could be the potential revenue for the MP plants, Phase-1 and 
Phase 2? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
When it fully ramps up we expect each phase to be about Rs.170 to Rs.175 crores.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
You mentioned that there are wage hikes visible in China, Vietnam, Bangladesh but at the same 
time you were also looking at setting up or tying up with some facility in Bangladesh. Could 
you highlight what are your plans now given the increasing cost structure in these economies?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
So, we have not invested in Bangladesh as yet. We have identified some assets but we have not 
gone ahead. We will look at all the cost elements and then take a final call on investments. I still 
believe that Bangladesh will not lose its potential as a great garmenting destination because it 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
continues to enjoy duty free access to Europe. It will have abundance of labor and the ability to 
quickly ramp up. So, there is the advantages which that location enjoys cannot be taken away 
from it. Also keep in mind that Bangladeshi taka has considerably declined vis-à-vis dollar. It's 
fallen much more than INR. So, their cost competitiveness will continue to remain going 
forward. We will take a call. The wage increase data will come in a month or so, so accordingly 
we'll do. But we're still committed to Bangladesh subject to the big cost factors remaining 
reasonably good even after the wage hike.  
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Which other geographies are you looking at or at this point in time just focus on Atraco and 
India expansion? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Correct. At the moment it's only Atraco and expansion further in India.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Agrawal from VT Capital.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
So just wanted to understand where do we procure our raw materials from and what has been 
the price trend of the raw materials of late?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
We buy our fabrics from various mills, so we buy from large mills like Arvind, Vardhaman so 
on and so forth. A lot of the mills are also dictated to by the brand. Some of them are nominated 
fabric supply sources. Depending on the product type we make, so for outerwear we even import 
fabrics from far east. The fabric sources, the raw material sources are all different for different 
products. From a cost standpoint, compared to last year, there has been a slight reduction in the 
raw material cost. But at the end of the day all of these are passed through and effectively the 
customer takes away the cost or gives in if the costs go up.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
If your raw material prices increase after you've agreed on an order with the customer you can 
easily pass that on to the client.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
That is correct. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
If you could highlight what our major clients across globally? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
So, we work with a lot of customers. At this point we have customers like GAP, we have 
customers like Columbia, we have customers like Adidas, Puma, Walmart. All these are our 
customers that we work with. 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And we are mostly into cotton products or are we into nylon and other manmade fibers as well?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
When we do outerwear, we work with polyester nylon and all those synthetic fibers too.  

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
And what would be the mix?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Mix as in? 
Nikhil Agrawal: 
What percentage of cotton?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Historically we have worked with about 40% of our outer wear. If you look at pure synthetics, 
the synthetic contribution to our fabrics would be about 25% to 30%.  
Nikhil Agrawal: 
Do we plan to take this increase given that there are many brands which are pledging to get into 
completely polyester or move away from cotton completely? So, are we planning to increase 
this going forward?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
It all depends on the fabric availability in India. So synthetic ecosystem is not fully evolved in 
our country and no brand moves away from one fiber to another. There'll be demand for all of 
these fibers. Typically cotton and viscose demand comes to India and polyester and nylon and 
all these products are usually made out of the Far-east. So that's how historically it has played. 
We are an exception. We do synthetic products too but by buying the fabric from Far-east. So, 
it all depends on the product, customer and the type of business that we go after.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bijal Shah from RTL Investments.  
Bijal Shah: 
My question is the trade in apparel is almost like US$500 billion. However, I have not come 
across even a single company which has revenue of even US$5 billion. So, the question is, is 
there some natural limit to which an apparel manufacturer can grow or probably there are some 
other models which can be experimented with and probably US$5 billion or so kind of revenue, 
if possible, in long term? 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Since it's manpower intensive since it has got a very low capital investment, especially in apparel 
you will find that the industry has a tendency to fragment. So, when you reach a billion 2 billion 
etc. you will find that there will be other players who are coming up, making the investments, 
competing on cost etc. So, for example, Shenzhou, which is a large player is about US$3-US$3.5 
billion in revenue and almost US$10 billion in market cap. So, they're big ones, they have fabric 
and they're very technically savvy and competent players. But yes, you're right you don't see a 
US$5 billion player simply because the industry will fragment at that stage at that level. Now 
can somebody consolidate it, perhaps. So, we will have to see how that evolves.  
Bijal Shah: 
The second one question is, you answered that some of the other markets outside US are small. 
But if I see some of the Taiwanese players are really doing good business in Japan, so beyond 
US and maybe let's say if UK FTA happens, isn't there any market or isn't there any customer 
with whom we can really engage? 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
We look at any engagement at scale. So, if we get a customer, a large customer in some other 
geography who have the scale then we would like to engage. So, we are not averse to any market. 
The Japanese market has a very different set of protocols and requirements to satisfy, and we 
have served the Japanese market in the past and we continue to engage with potential customers 
in all geographies including Japan. So, it all depends on the opportunity. If an opportunity makes 
financial sense to us, we will go ahead with that.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harsh Mittal from ICICI Securities.  
Harsh Mittal: 
I have one small question. I just wanted to know what would be our annual garmenting capacity 
in FY24 and ‘25 from 36 million pieces in FY23?   
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
In capacity in pieces or what are you asking?  
Harsh Mittal:  
In pieces.  
Sathyamurthy A: 
Capacity in pieces is 30 million considering our product mix at this point of time.  
Harsh Mittal: 
So that is 30 million as on FY23, right?  
Sathyamurthy A: 
Correct.  
Harsh Mittal: 
In FY24? 
Sathyamurthy A: 
FY24 also remains the same except for another 5% you can add for the new capacity which has 
come up in Bhopal.  
Moderator: 
The next question is on the line of Anush Kumar from Spark Asia Impact Managers Private 
Limited.  
Anush Kumar: 
My question is on the PM MITRA Park, like how beneficial are we as a player like a pure play 
garment exporter when you compare it with a player who's present across the value chain? So, 
what sort of benefits we get when you compare it with a player who's already there across the 
value chain?  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
PM MITRA Parks are very large parks and situated in remote regions because of the requirement 
for a very large land bank. These parks are about 1000 acres in size and require water availability 
and all of that. Largely it is meant for fabric processing and some of those related areas. Garment 
manufacturing requires access to people or availability of people, so if we go and put up a factory 
in one of those PM MITRA Parks, then we will have to also house people in dormitories because 
the areas where the parks are may not have access to a lot of people. So, at this moment from a 

 
Gokaldas Exports Limited 
October 31, 2023 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
garment industry standpoint, I think we will continue to expand in regions wherever people are 
available at low cost and in abundance and not necessarily go after PM MITRA unless there are 
some compelling advantages. Having said that PM MITRA Parks also needs to be 
infrastructurally developed. It'll take a couple of years before the infrastructure in those parks 
are fully developed. So, the land has been acquired but the land has to be developed. The internal 
roads have to be put in, power, water infrastructure has to be brought in. So once those things 
come, we will also evaluate setting up units in PM MITRA if we still have access to people. 
Does that clarify? 
Anush Kumar: 
 Yes sir.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments.  
Sivaramakrishnan G. 
Thank you so much. We at Gokaldas are always focused on ensuring execution excellence and 
we are working hard towards combating any of the market-related challenges. We continue to 
look at global events and what impacts retail purchases from suppliers like us. We would work 
towards staying competitive. We are working towards improving our product portfolio so that 
we always stay ahead of the supplier base and always should be able to grow at a much faster 
pace than the rest of the industry. We will focus on this. We will focus on ramping up the newer 
capacities that will come up and we are razor-sharp focused on securing our margins and 
protecting it. As usual, we will continue to work towards strong growth. Our acquisition of 
Atraco which once it comes into play will also require us to integrate and grow. We're confident 
that we should be able to do it. We have done a lot of background work already in anticipation 
of the approvals that we will get and we are confident that we should be able to integrate that 
very comfortably into our operations so that will also yield growth going forward into the future. 
Thank you so much for asking the questions and supporting Gokaldas Exports. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Gokaldas 
Exports Limited, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
