 
 
 
 
 
27 September, 2023 
 
To, 
 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Corporate Relationships Department 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE CODE: 523792 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
NSE CODE: MAZDA 
 
Sub: Transcript of Group Meeting with Analysts/ Institutional/ Individual Investors 
 
Pursuant to regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (Listing Obligation and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, the transcript of 
Virtual meeting with Analysts/ Institutional/ Individual Investors and Senior Management of the 
Company held on 21st September, 2023 is available on the Company’s website at 
www.mazdalimited.com and attached herewith. 
 
Please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully 
For Mazda Limited 
 
 
 
 
Nishith Kayasth 
Company Secretary 
 
 Encl: As above 
 
 
NISHITH 
KAYAST
H
Digitally signed by NISHITH KAYASTH 
DN: c=IN, st=Gujarat, 
2.5.4.20=02a2d5e01f9ba0d4e7f745bc0f2
a209f867671fb9c0a6085b7a748e6a1363
416, postalCode=380007, 
street=Ahmedabad, 
pseudonym=3d615041829c6dab3f8daa4
b5d7e3c47, 
serialNumber=227dfbe585136394e82e05
a7fb0d37fc1677c7a3380bee70557163b7
11b29555, o=Personal, cn=NISHITH 
KAYASTH 
Date: 2023.09.27 18:11:45 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
 
MAZDA LIMITED 
INVESTOR CONFERENCE CALL 
HELD ON 21ST SEPTEMBER, 2023  
 
 
Management: Mr. Percy Avari- Whole Time Director 
 Mrs. Shanaya Mody Khatua- Whole Time Director 
 Mr. Mohib Khericha- Chairman & Independent 
Director 
  Mr. Cyrus Bhagwagar- Chief Financial Officer 
  Mr. Nishith Kayasth- Company Secretary & 
Moderator for the meeting 
 
 

 
 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
I welcome you all to the Investor Meet of MAZDA LIMITED. I would like to introduce the 
Management of MAZDA LIMITED present at the meeting. Mr. Mohib Khericha, Chairman of the 
Company, Mr. Percy Avari, Whole-Time Director of the company, Mrs. Shanaya Mody Khatua, Whole-
Time Director through VC, Mr. Cyrus Bhagwagar, CFO and myself Nishith Kayasth, Company 
Secretary. Now, I will hand over to Mr. Khericha Sir for his opening remarks. 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Good Evening to all. It is my pleasure to welcome you all at today’s Investor Meet. Please restrict 
yourself to only general questions which you want to know about Mazda or any detail which Percy or 
Shanaya can provide. 
OK. Thank you. Let Percy start. Himanshu we will answer it later. Thank you. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. Good evening, everyone. I think, from the names that I see, we have met most of you last year as 
well. So, you are all familiar with the company how the products are faring and what type of industry 
do we cater to. But nevertheless, having said that, I would like to start that up till now, this year seems 
to be a good year as far as our company is concerned and our products are concerned. And we are doing 
reasonably well in the engineering part of the company.      
Most of the segments of the industry that we are catering to are doing good, including the power, the 
edible oil, a few chemical plants. So, our growth is accordingly in line with that. We have, in the past, 
6 to 8 months secured quite a few orders from refineries from petrochemical segment and from steel 
industry. 
So, the applications are varied and the field that we cater to also is quite extensive as far as our business 
overseas is concerned which we are primarily doing with Croll- Reynolds who also seem to be doing 
reasonably well because of which the export part of our company has seen a growth compared to last 
year on the world to summit I would say this up till now has been a fairly slightly above average year 
or maybe better than average. But I am not very sure about the future because there is a certain degree 
of slowness or return in the speed of the inquiries or in the speed of the projects that are coming up. So, 
as I am talking only as of today it was good or is good future, I think. Might be below the performance 
of last year but and we are all keeping our fingers crossed, this is as far as the engineering division of 
Mazda is concerned. I, now, request Shanaya to give you a brief about the food division. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Over to you, ma'am. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Thanks, Percy. Hi, everyone. Nice to see some familiar names from the last couple of years. I will also 
just give a quick overview of the food division right now before we sort of go and answer specific 
questions.  
Let me begin by saying that most of the food division questions we usually get are surrounding the new 
facility expansion and our future prospects.  

 
 
To begin with, obviously, we went in for an expansion because we saw consistent consumer trends 
indicating demand for a product. And we saw customer bases grow with us and we also saw the demand 
grow for our products which made us go for an expansion in the first place and also as I think I clarified 
this last time that the nature of the size of the expansion was specifically so that we could get continuous 
process machinery which is required for the nature of these products which needs to be, you know, 
hygienic. 
And also secondly, our food certifications are quite strict in terms of layout, for facilities, etc, which 
sort of contributed towards the size of the expansion. It is not that we went in for things that weren't 
planned or added in extra that the last minute, etc. 
For this year, as we have finally now resumed all our production at our new facility, we are now kink 
free in the sense that we don't have any more teething issues. We sort of went into full-fledged 
production starting March this year our focus continues to remain; you know to the top line and scale 
for our products as it has always been. But the only difference is that with the new facility, we're already 
seeing an increase in the ability to take on more orders and larger scale production.  
Regarding the nature of our business, we are of course predominantly export with about domestic 
contribution in FY22-23 about 18%, which means that our main bread and butter is still exports. The 
export market has been volatile. I think there was a question about the outlook for exports- the US and 
UK has picked up, which was substantially lower last year, but then again, we have instances like Sudan 
where there has been unrest and one of our largest customers in Sudan. So, the export market tends to 
be very volatile, giving us constant unpredictability, whether it is in dollar, price fluctuations, whether 
it is in African countries being able to access their dollar or the banking system etc., etc. So there remains 
a lot of volatility. 
But of course, we are seeing products growing and our ability to supply as much we are in a much better 
position as well. So, we have, we are seeing an uptick this quarter and we should hope to see one towards 
the end of the year as well. We have started domestic sales and distribution through a traditional method 
whereas we do have super stockists etcetera through some parts of India once the model is established 
we will then proceed to copy and paste the model in different parts of India. Again, we see growth here 
as well, but we are being very, very cautious as we don't plan to have heavy investments in this because 
as you know any Indian domestic marketing and sales is very investment heavy which we don’t plan to 
do with the stage so we are proceeding with a smaller sort of bits. 
Secondly, we've done a lot of new things this year. We talked about new products last year. So, our soup 
range is firmly in place. We all we have sales of that already. We are on social media, we have now an 
online presence where people are able to buy our products through several websites. All of this is new 
within the last year we didn't have any of this before. We will later put up a list of places where you can 
buy our products, and secondly also our social media handles where we have all our up-to-date 
information on the contest we are running, you know, etc, etc. 
Last year we talked about also our regular customers giving us a larger chunk of business. We continue 
to see that being the case. We, in addition to getting new business, also focus on adding to our existing 
relationships. So, for instance, our domestic, our biggest domestic client has given us about a 40% 
increase from last year. Our African client maybe another 40% increase, etc. So, we do see a lot of 
customer relationships grow with us as we grow and go through some of the years. 

 
 
In addition to the capital investments that we have made to increase production capacity, there are 
strategic other investments that we have made such as: 
a. we've invested heavily in human capital, 
b. we've expanded our team and brought on some great talent.  
c. We've invested in operations.  
So, we sort of want to get better at doing whatever we are already doing, get more streamlined and more 
efficient, obviously in terms of what the maximum revenues are, where we target our growth to be, etc, 
this new facility expansion is obviously a long-term plan and as we go along in the next 5 to 7 years, 
we will be able to see just how you know how good we can get, so to speak. 
I think that sort of covers is, you know, covers an overarching view of where we are at today. 
If we can go back to Nishith, please. 
Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you. Now I request Percy Sir to answer the questions we have received in advance. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, I think I think there are quite a few questions we have received over email in advance and the 
best thing is that I will reply to certain answers and then if you feel that there are some questions still 
to be answered, then please feel free to ask. So, I think this is a better way there because we have 
collected and we have got quite a few questions.  
So, the main questions I'll try and reply. I hope it's alright with you all. 
This was one of the most common questions. So, I'll start with that.  
What is the outlook for year 23-24 in terms of top line and bottom line? So, the top line is expected to 
see a growth of around 15% compared to last year when the bottom line will also be more or less in line 
with that.  
What is the main factor for the increase in the year-to-date dispatch compared to last year? What is the 
main reason? So, one of the main reasons for that was the backlog that we had or all the leftovers that 
we had. In the last year, you people or clients are not lifting due to various reasons like payments, 
delaying projects. 
Those things, those got over and fortunately we were able to dispatch the leftovers from the last year. 
So that has pushed our turnover to quite a substantial level. So that is the main reason. 
Second reason is that we had as I had spoken to you last time, that a few petrochemical and refinery 
projects orders we had got. So those got dispatched in the first half. And that is why the dispatch looks 
good. So, these are the 2 main reasons for the increase of, the relative increase of dispatch compared to 
last year. 
What are the emerging technologies like chill water systems or anti scaling or crystallizers?  

 
 
What is the future that you see and why has it not picked up till now?  So, this was one of the common 
questions. So, I would like to explain that all these new products that we are trying to work are unknown 
technologies, not that these technologies are in use in India or there are available technologies. They 
are something that we are trying to develop and they are not prevalent in India. So, we are developing 
on our own and that is why it is taking substantial amount of time. 
 
But having said that, I would first of all like to tell you that freeze crystallization results are not up to 
the mark or the purity that we have been able to achieve at a pilot plant are not really up to the levels 
that we expected. So as of now, we are not spending much time on crystallization technology. 
And our focus right now as far as the new product is concerned is anti-scaling technology and we have  
in the last couple of months, have got orders from private refineries, have got orders from hospitals, 
have got orders from various other type of companies which use chillers and cooling towers and RO 
systems. So, these are the main applications of our anti-scaling product and they are all reputed 
companies that we have got order from. 
And since they are reputed companies, we are sure that other companies will not hesitate now. And we 
do see a bright future as far as the anti-scaling technology is concerned. As far as chilled water vacuum 
systems are concerned, we have now got more than 10 installations. And we are thinking of having a 
dedicated team of engineers to cater to this the product. We were, up till now, you know using the old 
existing manpower to sell these and that is why the push was not as intense as it should have been. So, 
we are in the process of hiring a few people and making it a dedicated team to push this product because 
there are various advantages and we have seen the advantages that our clients enjoy. 
Yeah. So, the other Common question was what is the market share in both Vacuum systems and 
evaporators? So, as I have told you that in vacuum systems our market share is somewhere about 30 to 
35% as far as the Indian market is concerned and Evaporators for ZLD or zero liquid discharge for, 
mainly for effluent, we have market share about 8 to 10%. I'm glad to tell you that we have in the recent 
15 to 20 days back have got large orders of evaporation plants from certain industries in Gujarat and 
we are very happy that we have these have come to us in addition to evaporators for Zero liquid 
discharge, we have just got orders for process evaporators also. So, this is something that we were not 
looking at but we have managed to get the orders from process industry not for effluent but for 
concentration of product. So, we are adding about it and we expect to get repeat orders from such type 
of applications. 
Yeah. So, then people have asked that how do you see the customers giving you advice or why is the 
Advance increased compared to last year?  
So, you know that every company tries their best to get the payments favourable to them and we have 
been pushed by our CFOs also and Mohib Khericha Sir to get more advanced and that has trickled down 
to our sales people also and that is why we have started getting better advances than what we usually 
get. 
And we have also tried to restrict the retention amounts that we usually have to keep. We are trying and 
convincing our clients to accept guarantees instead of retention. So somewhere we have been successful 
in certain areas and that is why our advanced inflow has increased. 
Exports, so this was also one of the common questions that what is your exports forecast and how do 
you see? So, as I explained earlier that our exports primarily depend upon our partners for all in all for 
the vacuum systems and they are doing quite well and when they had come here in the month of 

 
 
December we had explained to them about diverting more and more orders to us instead of giving to 
other countries and they understood what we wanted to convey to them and they have been really sincere 
and are trying to divert more orders to India, that is, to us instead of getting it fabricated in other 
countries and we have definitely seen an upward swing as far as orders from Croll- Reynolds is 
concerned. About evaporators, we just received news that Middle East is now going for ZLD i.e., zero 
liquid discharge. The entire Middle East is very serious about going in for ZLDs. They were always 
going for partial liquid discharge, but now they have to go for zero liquid discharge. So, we have to 
work 3 installations, fortunately, in the Middle East and we are in the process of hiring agents in Middle 
East so that Middle East at least evaporators we can export and we can have a good reference list over 
there. 
Our current order booking usually varies from the amounts that you knew last time and this year also it 
is the AutoZone end is more or less constant. Though it should increase with the more dispatches that 
we have done last year. So, we are in the process of increasing our orders on hand, but it is almost in 
the same vicinity as it was last year. 
Yeah. Then again, this is, uh, quite a common question that what is the maximum revenue that you can 
generate from the existing facility? As far as the Engineering division is concerned, so as Shanaya 
explained to you, we have shifted the food division to another location. So, the food division that was 
consuming the space is now available to the Engineering division and therefore the total area that we 
have now, we can cater to around 250 crores only for the Engineering division. So, we do not envisage 
going in for expansion Capex at least as far as the Engineering division is concerned for the next 2-3 
years, because we can really scale up to, we did a thorough study and we think that we can do a dispatch 
of 250 crores. As far as only the Engineering division is concerned.  
So, we are not going for Capex, as far as the engineering is concerned. 
What type of revenues do you expect from the new products like Nano Bubbler, Anti scaling? So, this 
has just picked up actually, maybe it could give a boost of around 10% in the turnover to us in the next 
year, but after that I see a quantum jump for these new products. 
How is the competition where the competition is very, very severe? This is one of the reasons why we 
are really we have to pull up our sleeves. Day by day competition of indigenous manufacturers as well 
as overseas manufacturers, is increasing. Competition is becoming very intense. It is almost like a price 
war going on. Margins are under pressure always and we have to really fight it out, slug it out to get us 
one order. For a single order we have to fight every time. 
So, this is here moderation for us that all of a sudden after COVID, there are many players that are 
coming in this field and we are trying to highlight our advantages or trying to pitch in what people will 
benefit by going for Mazda which has been a branded product.  
So, definitely this is a matter of concern as far as the competition is concerned, yes, our margins are 
also under pressure though you might feel that this year the profits are higher than last year. 
But yes, I'm talking about the future, the future I envisage, or I am of the opinion that our margins will 
be under pressure. 
Could you get orders from refineries with healthy profits? So yes, we have got quite a few orders from 
refineries with reasonable profit and few of the orders have been dispatched. Few of the orders are under 
execution. But yes, refineries we are there and we are doing quite a bit in refineries now. 

 
 
Bioethanol is always as far as refineries is concerned bioethanol refineries, there are around 300 to 400 
refineries that are going to come up in India. 150 or 250 are already there. Another push will be for 200 
more refineries, biorefineries. 
So, we are doing a reasonably good business though for each refinery, our product value is not very 
large, but I think we are supplying to majority of the bioethanol plants that are coming up in India. We 
are trying to, you know, push more products in bioethanol plants. I don't know which products as of 
now, but we are looking into how to service the bioethanol plants in a better way and larger way. 
How do you see the next year?  As I said, the riders are there, the competition is increasing, the prices 
are the pressure and our observation is that though quite a few segments are doing good, like power 
which especially is doing fantastically well. 
Soda ash, all the caustic are doing well, but dye’s intermediates API, Textile are not doing so well and 
the products that we usually use to sell to these types of industries there I see definitely a drop in the 
coming times though power is there of course edible one is there. 
But in totality, the next year seems to be or the future seems to be average as of now. 
Can't say, but we are optimistic. That's all we can say.  
So, I think most of the questions which are asked by quite a few, I've tried to answer, but I am sure that 
there could be other questions which are still unanswered. So please feel free. Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Now we will open the floor for the questions and answers.  
First, Mr. Sunil Kothari, please unmute yourself. And you can ask the question. 
Sunil Kothari 
Thanks for opportunity, Sir. My hearty congratulations for very good results during last year and during 
first quarter and very well managed cash flow and investment. Congratulations to our finance team and 
operational team. 
First, my one or 2 question is to Percy bhai. 
Basically, it seems we have developed some new products like anti-scaling, hardness related products 
and you say it is very promising and doing good. Even we developed this process in operators maybe 
old products I'm not aware but now there is seems to be a demand. 
Is what Mazda doing at large in terms of engineering or the talent pool or investment in R&D new 
product development? Maybe some high level of technology usage which makes other to compete less 
or there becomes entry barrier because we are not in consumer products, we are B to B business. So, 
we have to be always ahead of others in terms of technology. So, what efforts we are taking in terms of 
our R&D and development skill if you can little bit elaborate that will be really helpful? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. Thank you, Mr. Kothari. 
Your question is a tough one to answer, not a state, and we are also always on the constant lookout of 
other products. Some high five products, some sophisticated products and as you know, everyone loves 

 
 
to build a product where the competition is less. Of course, you also are on the lookout of such products, 
but now I would say India is such an evolved Country. Even European countries, we are ahead, I mean, 
say in terms of range of products that we manufacture. So, it is very difficult to really identify certain 
products or where we can develop and we could have a monopoly for 3-4-5 products. It is true in pharma 
line.  
But in Engineering, I think, years back, if you take, say 10-15 years back, we could see opportunities 
in various products. Here the competition is less, here the product is worth developing, but now that is 
not the case. And if you see the history of our company, we are always evolving. We started this 
company with valves, simple safety valves, we went to reducing valves and to control valves then De-
superheaters, Ejectors systems, Gland Steam Condenser, Surface condensers, then multiple effect 
evaporators, then food division. So, in this short period of 20-25 years, I mean we have developed or 
we have always been you know we have never been static. These products have always evolved and 
come you know. We just started as a valve company. And as I'm talking to you, I said that we are in the 
process of developing 2-3 more products where we see that we can cater to all our existing clients. Our 
main criteria of selecting any product is to, you know have synergy as far as the list of clients are 
concerned. We want to develop products where we can cater to the same products with the same 
manpower with the same marketing efforts and that is why, you know, we are not trying to develop a 
drastically different product from what are current ranges. Otherwise, we can't really go to other 
segments like mining or those type of infrastructure. We are trying to cater to the clients that we already 
have good repo with and it is difficult, I'm telling you. But we have always developed products and we 
are right now also developing products as far as extremely good products are concerned where there's 
no competition, If, you come across some products, please let us know. We'll be happy to, you know, 
have a look at it and we'll also try to, you know, develop that product. But as of now it looks difficult 
because India is quite a mature country and there is competition in all the products everywhere. 
Sunil Kothari 
So, my point was, Sir, are we investing enough in terms of say, technology upgradation? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, all these products also that I said don't come free. We constantly for 2 years have been investing 
in developing these small 3 products that we have started so there also there is lot of investment and lot 
of time, lot of manpower that has gone in term. It is not only the product development but then putting 
it in other clients, factories, visiting them, monitoring the results, sending our people so to and for 
everything. So, all these expenses we have been doing quietly and I'm sure we will be successful. So 
yes, we have been definitely investing in new products. We have never static. 
Sunil Kothari 
Right, Sir. And, Sir, the next question is- as you said during December people from Croll-Reynolds had 
come and we convinced them to take more products from us so, what are we lacking or what we require 
to add in terms of our capability to export more because last year unfortunately, degrowth, but I'm sure 
you'll be growing this? 
With this so on exports, what is the more capability or what you else required to increase or with this 
capability? 
 

 
 
Percy Avari 
It is only more effort we have to either do here or there. Right now, India is a growing country and we 
see good opportunity. India itself, Europe or other countries are not doing so well. And so, we are trying 
to consolidate in the Indian market only but future we don't know. We might, as I said, that ZLD we are 
trying to do in the Middle East and we might progress over there. 
Thank you. 
Sunil Kothari 
Thank you. Yeah, one more to Miss Shanaya.  
Ma'am, we have really invested after many, many years. We have invested very heavily from Mazda on 
this food division. So, if you can give a little bit clarity, what is your ambition? What you want to do, if 
not numbers, what is your reason because this is a very sizeable investment we made? 
This is my last question. Thank you. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Nishith, would you prefer that I cover questions at the end or would you like me to? 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
You may answer now. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
OK, I touched upon this a little earlier. Yes, you're absolutely right. It is a sizable investment. If you've 
noticed ever since our inception, more than even 15 years ago, we actually hadn't even invested in 
machinery or made any fresh investments for the whole duration of our time when we grew from zero 
to, say, 20 crores. Yes, this is a sizable investment. The reason being, I sort of lightly touched upon the 
product requires continuous process machineries right from raw material manufacture right to the end 
of packing and sealing these. These machines are very expensive. We didn't have these specific ones or 
this kind of process machinery in our last factory, which was this the sole limiting factor for that and 
space of course sole limiting factor for the reason that we couldn't really push up our turnover. 
The reason we went into an expansion, of course we haven't done any capital expenditure in the last 
almost 20 years for the food division. The reason we went into expansion we were in dire need of space, 
we needed better machinery, our certifications and our regulations for food export and the tough places 
that we export to are so stringent, they have regulations for infrastructure, how building is to be laid 
out, what is to be included, areas that need to be created etcetera, etcetera. So, all of this is what led to 
the expansion being sizable, not that we've added anything, you know, fancy or tried to sort of go over 
the top. It is the basics that sort of led to the investment being the size it is just because of the kind of 
multiple product lines that we have. We have also grown right from zero just from instant drink powders 
to over, you know more than 12 products now. And we keep adding different flavors and product lines, 
even in sub segment of our products. 
What is my view going forward? The reason as I said again, I touched upon this a little briefly earlier. 
The reason we actually went in for an expression because we have very strong consumer demand. As 
you know, FMCG in India and globally is growing. The Indian market is now consuming a lot more 

 
 
domestically versus buying, you know, earlier we used to have a lot of exports and brand loyalty for 
products that were actually exported into India. This is not the case. The consumer is now well aware 
there is a lot of, there's a lot of scope in FMCG because now the health segments are opening up. There 
are a lot of new segments opening up even for children, etcetera, etcetera. So, it is a really big market. 
We want to have a larger and larger share of that market. We see very strong consumer demand for our 
products we see continuous growth in not only our existing customers and their demand, but also new 
customers and the products that they are asking of us. 
I will touch upon this a little later, but you know, we already have videos up of our factory and our 
internal working on all our social media handles. So, you know, if you do follow us, you will be able to 
sort of follow us step by step there.  
Nishith, you can proceed. 
Sunil Kothari 
Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Over to Mr. Anuj Sharma. 
Anuj Sharma  
Thank you. two questions for Shanaya on Food business and one on Engineering.  
I'll start with the Food business, Shanaya.  
So, you know, what do we believe are our competitive strength in the food business and how are we 
becoming stronger in our areas of strength? That's question number one.  
And you know over the past 3-5 years, what have been our key learnings in this business and what 
changes have you made to the business model apart from Capex and the process industry? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
OK. I was actually going to answer that. I think we had already received your questions earlier. Anyway, 
sorry. The first was what are competitive strengths and what was your second question, could you please 
repeat that? 
Anuj Sharma  
Yeah, the key learnings in the in the food business and what changes we have made to the business 
model? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Yeah. First of all, our competitive strength more so than anything is our focus on consistency and 
quality. We have customers who place their first order with us maybe back in 2005 and they are still 
with us. This is very rare for an Indian company because somewhere along the way due to price or due 
to, you know, whatever change and thoughts etcetera, a lot of Indian companies change the product or 
try to you know, add additives etcetera that are that don't match the product that was promised. 

 
 
So we are, I think our competitive strength, number one is integrity in the way we do business in the 
products that we supply. If we have for instance if we already have tie up to the customer for us for 
another region no matter what another customer promises us, we will not break their contract or their 
trust. 
A lot of customers have grown with us because of this, but I think people globally appreciate that we 
are, you know, we do have integrity as a business. So, I think that would be one.  
Number two is a of course a focus on quality whilst keeping prices competitive. So, our product, this is 
the mass product. We're not making you know we have to sell the 22 tons to make money for us. So, 
each unit is so small, but we only make money if we sell many, many of those small units, which means 
the focus on quality is absolutely key and necessary for us. So that's our competitive strength. The fact 
that we have consistency in our quality. 
Key learnings, I mean, I think we're still learning to be honest because I mean just this last two years, 
we have now entered the domestic market. So, we're sort of learning about that over the last 15 years, 
we have gone, as I said from one product to a basket of over you know if you count all the different 
flavors and sub flavours of over 30 to 40 products. 
The key learning is that in this business we have to constantly evolve-  
a) follow customer trends 
b) packaging materials are very important  
c) that our focus on quality that we have had all this time is important and continues to remain important 
to us and the world. 
So, there are a lot of learning, so to speak, but we are still learning and I don't think that sort of ever 
ends because customer trends evolve and customer needs evolve and the business so to speak evolves 
according. 
Anuj Sharma  
Yes Shanya, that's helpful. Thank you so much.  
I have two questions for Percy as well.  
Percy, you talked about a buoyant environment, but also at the same time you caution that some 
segments are not doing well now. These are at this point of time and you believe that the buoyant sectors 
will cover the gap? or you believe, you know, you will face some issues later in 25-26. That's one.  
And second is, you know, which have been the key areas where we improved in the last 3 years and 
where do you want to focus on in the next 3 years? Thank you so much. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. So definitely the gap is going to be there. I don't think the segments which are buoyant would fill 
the gap completely. So, there is no doubt that if this scenario doesn't change, we could see things going 
a little bit south. So that is one thing. Second thing is that about what focus, I think what was.. 
Anuj Sharma  
Where you have improved in last few years and 3 years focus? 

 
 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, improved is of course that we have our qualities, as far as our improvements I would say our 
factories are really improved on the way they function. The systems are in place. Now we have got 
dedicated team to continuously upgrade our entire lot of people that we have at the company and we 
are being very, very responsive as far as services are concerned because one thing that we have learned 
is that you can never take a customer for granted in the last 5 years and we have learned that you can 
never take any offer, even though how close he is, we can't take him for granted and the only thing that 
we can do price, of course, we can't be the lowest oil one. We can never be. That is to make him happy 
as far as our services are concerned. So, we have been trying to focus much on our services and on the 
quality and the aesthetics of the products that we serve. Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you, Sir. Now moving to Samarth Singh. 
Samarth Singh  
Yeah. Good evening. Thank you for the opportunity. I had one question on the engineering business and 
one question on the food business. Proceed.  
Last year you had mentioned that we're seeing a rise in exports of surface condensers and in the feed 
were water heater segment to German companies. As we're looking for alternate suppliers from China. 
So, do we see that sort of opportunity still continuing and do we see that in other products as well? 
That was one the engineering side. 
Percy Avari 
Good evening, good question. We had hopes on field water heaters really picking up from Europe, 
especially through companies like GE or Alstom or Siemens, but most of these companies are now 
buying through their Indian offices in India and therefore, as of now, we are supplying to Siemens or to 
Triveni or to GE. Many of them are for Turkey, many of them are for Indonesia and Russia. So, via 
these companies say Siemens Baroda or GE Delhi, there is an increase, but when I spoke last time, I 
thought that we would be doing directly that. Unfortunately, where we could have taken a greater profit 
or could have had a larger profit that has not happened. The people are smart and they know that if they 
do it through their local offices, the pricing, everything is known. And therefore, that has picked up 
indirectly, but not directly. Thank you. 
Samarth Singh 
Thank you. That’s helpful. 
And Shanaya on the foods business last year we saw headwinds on margins because of higher raw 
material costs as well as higher freight costs. I think the freight costs would sort of would have would 
probably be benefiting us at this point. So should we expect some sort of margin benefit due to low 
freight rates? and if you could give us an update on what's happening on the raw material front, please. 
Thanks. 
 
 

 
 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Thank you. We are in a much better position in both raw material freight rates. I mean the recent price 
and crude of is of course now depending on where it will go here onwards. But so far, we have been in 
a much better, I mean the freights have almost come back to sort of pre COVID almost pre COVID 
levels. We are in a better position also with raw materials I will talk about as I go on, I will talk about 
our profitability etcetera, which you know in Q1 this year was mainly suppressed due to the depreciation 
that is added on and that will continue to be reflected over the next couple of years because depreciation 
for us will be large and here to stay for a while until we sort of get a much, much larger top line. But to 
answer your question specifically, we're in a much better position and also the strong dollar and the 
strong pound is really helping us, so all these, they're all positives for us, at least for the, you know, rest 
of the foreseeable future till the end of the year. 
Thank you. 
Samarth Singh 
Thanks. Thanks very much. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you, Sir. Now moving to Himanshu, you can ask your questions please. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
Yeah, hi. Very interesting comments by you, Percy. 
Percy Avari 
Thank you. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
One of the things what you stated was despite our order book have increased, intensity of competition 
remains very high in the market and new players are continuously coming, but generally what we see 
is once the order books fills, the pricing just tends to improve for various players, but you are saying 
that it's not really happening which is very contrary to what we hear, because some of your customers 
also. We have seen the margins have increased by 203, 100 basis points. OK. Why? Why is such a 
scenario? 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Yeah, Himanshu. What he's trying to convey is that competition is intense. Mazda gets order only 
because of the reputation name and the relation- brand value. Yeah, and the brand value that's why. But 
to get the order the guy who is giving us an order will show other quotation from someone else and will 
ask us to match. So, you have to break your head to see that you give me the one. So, it is becoming 
tougher by the day, definitely it is becoming tougher. 
But we will do whatever has to be done. We will do. Maybe we'll help as I said that we'll try to give 
them better services, better finishing of products. Somewhere, we'll try to, you know, see that is 
benefited more. But we are under tremendous pressure as far as pricing or as far as getting the orders 
are concerned and because of this competition, even in terms of payments, people or clients fight, you 

 
 
know, make it such a way that it is in their favor. So, things are getting tough, but we will survive. That 
is for sure. But things are definitely getting tougher. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
And the second comment was, India has become far more matured market and the gaps are much lesser. 
OK, so it was much easier to find new products which were not there in India and bring those products 
from outside and scale those products and all that thing. 
In the new scenario or the scenario currently what you are seeing what would be our strategy to grow 
and gain market share? and will it also mean that we'll need to focus more and more on our cost and 
servicing because of the way the market is maturing? 
Percy Avari 
Definitely, Himanshu. So that is why we are constantly evolving and we are not even trying to, you 
know, always look at bigger products. The products that I talked about right now, the new products are 
not so big. They are also products but with a larger reach, with the larger requirement in the industry. 
And it is believed it is not easy now to identify products that are unique, even if you take someone has 
written that why is Mazda not going to hydrogen generation?  
If you see hydrogen generation, we tried but now there are more than 100 people who are now going 
for 100. We tried to hold for some other product also, which was new, but Indians are so smart and 
people are so risk taking now that 6 months back you could have 5 people and within 6 months you 
have 500 people in one field. It is like this. It is swinging in a crazy manner and that is why our focus 
is not now limited to only large or lucrative products. But wherever you feel that will you will add 15%, 
20% to our bottom line. We are trying to do so. The only growth you know only way to grow is to keep 
on adding new products. I don't think increasing the market share is really what we're looking at because 
to do that we have to lower our prices, we have to squeeze on our profits, we have to then compromise 
and cut corners somewhere, which we don't have in Mazda. Mazda is not known to cut corners or really 
operate at the wafer-thin margins. So, we are not looking really again, I'm repeating at increasing the 
market share but increasing or growing by adding good products, small and big, to our profile. Thank 
you. Thank you. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
Yeah, very interesting. One last question to the chairman, OK. See, as an organization, we hear about 
the organization and every detail every year. OK for last 4 years now at least. But can you elaborate on 
how has the organization evolved and why is it better than what it was 5 years back?  
If you can just respond to that thing. It will be much more helpful. 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Young blood is coming. That is the only thing. Mazda’s average age of employee earlier not varied very 
much but now we are very happy that the new engineers are coming and giving results. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
OK, OK. Yeah. 
And any focus areas for Percy specifically for next 2 to 3 years. 

 
 
Percy Avari 
Their focus area is, as I said, that these 3 products or 4 products that we are trying to grow have a large, 
large reach, though they are small. So, we are in the process of really setting up our network of people 
through agencies or through, you know the specialized marketing agencies, or various other things that 
even social media we are now trying to involve for these types of products which we never used to do 
so, at least for the next 2 or 3 years my personal focus really on trying to increase our bottom line by 
the help of this these new products. Thank you. Thank you. 
Himanshu Upadhyay 
Yeah, thank from my side. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator)  
Thank you. Now, Rohit, you can unmute yourself and ask the questions. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
Thank you, Sir. First of all, I would really congratulate the team for a very good show last year and also 
this quarter. So, I have a couple of questions for you, Percy and also one question for you, Shanaya. 
So, Sir, in the engineering segment, so you sort of made some sort of contradictory statement.  
One you said that while so far things have been very good and orderbook has also increased but you 
feel the competition has increased and some areas which have not done well. My understanding so far 
of what we have been tracking the company for 7-8 years has been the areas that you mentioned were 
not so good, like textiles, dyes, etcetera. We were not so strong anyway there, but areas like power, 
steel, those are much stronger for us. So, in the previous question you mentioned the buoyancy of the 
good areas may not fill the areas which are not strong, I mean, which are not growing. So, despite you 
being very strong in those areas you are you feel that that's not enough for you to cover up. That was 
my first question. 
And my second question was also related in terms of order book, if you can just broadly share what is 
the mix between evaporators and vacuum systems, if you can share that? 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Wait, I'll, I'll answer that. Percy, he looks on a day-to-day liaison. The pipeline is little bit slow. He is 
upset that it is not coming. He is very excited but the number, the bottom-line number today is the good. 
So, what happens is that like what you are in the capital market in 3 days if the market falls, you will 
become absolutely bearish. In 3 Days, Market will go up, you will become bullish. It's like this.  
But see in last 15 years of this, whether because of festival season, because of rains, it slows down. He 
feels that there is something wrong. That is the only concern. 
And as far as the order book is concerned, we don't share the numbers as such, but it is considerably 
good to make us from there, we will not like to share the numbers but as far as the current year order 
book is concerned, it is safe enough for one year. There should not be a problem. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
Now I will ask. Sir. Sorry. You were saying something? 

 
 
Percy Avari 
No, no, we were not there in these, but we were there definitely in lot of chemical plants. We were there 
in lot of polyester plants. It is not that we were not there. We had quiet, not substantial, but some business 
from these industries which are not doing good. And power is not like it is doing exceptionally well that 
it can fill up the gap so I'm cautious and I am making you aware that what it is. So, I'm not like, you 
know, want to give you an optimistic picture of everything. So, for you it is a realistic picture that I'm 
giving you. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
No Sir. Absolutely appreciate that and that is much appreciated. Most people only give optimistic view. 
So, this is much, much appreciated. 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Next year we have to face you once again, absolutely. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
No, no, absolutely, Sir. On the order book, my question was not so specific number, but in the past, you 
have sort of given a break up that evaporator is more or Vacuum system. 
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Right now, right now vacuum system is more. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
OK, got it. Thank you, Sir. And my question for Shanaya was on the food side. So, Shanaya again, 
congratulations on getting the plant up and running and all the teething issues sort of behind us. So, I 
mean this first quarter, did you face any issues in the quarter that went by? 
Wanted to understand that. And is it fair to say that Q2 onwards we'll see the full capacity that we've 
got to sort of reflect on the numbers is that, is that a fair assessment.  
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Yeah, yeah. Good observation. The first quarter, yes, we did still have sort of bits of the teething issue, 
mostly because we had to close a bit for certifications etcetera. To get everything sort of up and running. 
So, we did have quite a few days of closure, whether it was machine kinks, you know, figuring out 
either on the machinery end or from the certification end. So yes, the first quarter did have all this. 
Q2 onwards, we will not have any of this. So, yes, that is an answer to a question. Also, profitability 
was suppressed the first quarter, but as I said this was this was mainly because of the effect of 
depreciation which is being added. If you take the depreciation out, we were even in Q1 in a way better 
place with a slightly lesser turnover because of all these shut down days. Then we were in Q1 2022. So, 
we were doing much better in terms of the bottom line. If depreciation as a chunk is taken out of the 
profitability. And you're absolutely right. Q2 onwards, we will see much better movements- upward 
movements in both top line and bottom line. But again, I keep saying because this is a large investment, 
the depreciation amount that affects us is large. So, this will continue to be in the in the bottom line until 
we sort of reach sort of a break-even so to speak with that, thank you. 

 
 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
So, one question on food again, was that in terms of, I think, comment you had made in the past as we're 
trying to get some domestic FMCG players also to get sort of give us volume so that we can fill up the 
capacity? Any anything you want to share there in terms of any new customers? Or the approval cycle, 
I know, is fairly long or longer than the normal business, so if you can just share anything there that will 
be helpful.  
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
We don't have any large player tie ups, if that's what you're specifically asking. But we do have a large 
domestic presence now. We have gone from zero domestic presence to all 18% or almost 20% of our 
business. Coming from domestic sales, which are sold and consumes only in India. 
Yeah. So, to answer your question, yes and no.  
Yes, we are growing the domestic, but no specific large brand FMCG tie ups yet not because I mean we 
have the space and capacity for it. But we are also filled with other orders enough, you know to sort of 
grow on a domestic side without the need of a specific large brand tie up.  
Rohit Balakrishnan 
Now this last question. Any capacity utilization you're targeting for this year, I mean exit rate or from 
Q2 or Q3, anything that you can share? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Not specifically. I mean as Percy said, we don't have these numbers specifically don't usually share 
these numbers, but I mean, this is, in terms of capacity utilization, this is obviously a longer-term play. 
This is, as I said in the last fact in the last 15 years or in at our old facility, we didn't have any Capex at 
all. So, this is going to be a longer-term play to be divided over you know, a larger sort of denominator 
rather than specifics of 1 quarter. 
Rohit Balakrishnan 
Thank you very much. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you. Now, Varun, you can unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Varun Badjatiya 
Yeah, Hi. Thanks for the opportunity.  
Most of my questions have been answered. Just 2-3 questions in Engineering division. So, one broad 
question. Globally, vacuum ejectors get good business from semiconductor industry for clamping 
alignment, surface mounting and lifting. So, with Croll on our side as a technology partner, how do you 
look at this opportunity in domestic market? 
Percy Avari 
 Varun, good evening to you. It is good that you know this, but the type of product or the type of vacuum 
system that we manufacture is a steam ejector vacuum system, which unfortunately are not used in 

 
 
semiconductor business where they use dry vacuum pumps small. Dry vacuum hose, which we do not 
manufacture. Neither does our partner manufacture it. Our type of vacuum systems goes only in the 
process industry or they go in the food business or in the pharma business. So unfortunately, we do not 
do it in the semiconductor business within the field. Thank you. 
Varun Badjatiya 
OK, OK. And within various segments like vacuum systems, evaporators, condensers, so is there a 
business that you think is recurring in nature, something that needs periodic replacement?  
What would be those segments and how large would be that business for? 
Percy Avari 
Again, unfortunately our type of products that we manufacture are not, you know, consumable type of 
products neither do they require large quantities of spares to operate that and because of this reason, our 
spares business is less than even 5% of our total business. 
Yes, I would have loved if you had some type of business where it was a recurring business and spares, 
you could go continuously. But no, it is not the case right now with our products, though it can happen 
in other products for the future. Thank you. 
Varun Badjatiya 
OK. And like in India globally also we are seeing strong pickup in capital expenditure and additionally 
I think other engineering companies are also talking about China plus one opportunity. So how do you 
look at opportunity in exports market?  
I think we were looking to push some of our products to Croll as a China plus one strategy. 
Is there a business that is coming through? How do you look at Croll- Reynolds performing for us as of 
now? 
Percy Avari 
It has improved, it has improved. As I said that China plus one is there, but most of the businesses are 
being handled through their Indian operations. All the multinationals have got companies or offices or 
procurement centres in India who buy. So, we are exporting indirectly. Yes, we are doing that. But not 
directly. And they know people as I said, Indians are smart. They know that if you have to export it 
directly, the prices are higher. But if they buy it through the Indian operations, the prices are much, 
much less. They know and everyone now knows it and that is why direct Export have not really grown.  
As far as Croll-Reynolds are concerned, they were doing very good business in Europe and other 
countries. But as you know that Europe is not doing well. It is US which is doing very well, 
exceptionally well. And for American it is US that is doing so for American or US markets naturally, 
they will not buy from India and bring it from India to US. It is done locally, even their exports to China 
have dropped considerably. So, whenever things improve, yes we have been assured of getting the first 
preference from Croll-Reynolds and we are optimistic that when things improve in Europe and other 
countries we will have a much bigger order book from Croll- Reynolds. 
Thank you. 
Varun Badjatiya 

 
 
OK. Lastly on the order book, our order book was around 130 crores in May 2023. Is it lower or higher 
as of now? If you can just share that much? 
Percy Avari 
It is somewhere close to that, Sir. 
Varun Badjatiya 
OK. Thank you from my side. 
Percy Avari 
Yeah, yeah. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you, Sir. Now moving over to Harsh. 
Harsh Dope 
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity. My questions are mainly towards Shanaya.  
You know over the next you know maybe 3 to 5 years now that you know the bulk of the Capex is done, 
we have capacity with us. How would the food business evolve over the next maybe 3 to 5 years- 
a) in terms of you launching new products? 
b) Ramp up from the existing ones. 
c) And see in terms of, you know, sustainable profitability that the business can actually throw up. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Like so, I've touched upon this a little bit of it. Yes, with the Capex all in place now that we have spare 
capacity, we have the ability to take on new projects. In terms of addition to new products for instance, 
our old product was flavoring essences. Now we're moving into natural flavoring essences. So, we keep 
evolving our products based on consumer trends, based on consumer demand. 
And yes, we constantly have new product development. Last year was soup. We have now 4 flavors of 
soup which are present in the market. We're adding variants to that. We have a new product launch 
coming up within the next 6 months as well. We will add variance to that as well. So, our evolution is 
sort of constant because trends are constant and consumer nature is evolving when it comes to 
preferences for food. Our main focus has always been sort of to grow the top line, because in a mass 
product sort of business, the focus the minute you pull up your top line, everything else you know is 
pulled up. 
Well, so our focus is always of course top line and in sense profitability because we are actually very 
frugal. Besides this large Capex, we haven't really done anything over the last years and this was also 
sort of at a point where we had to have more space, otherwise it would just, you know, not be sustainable 
in terms of the order demands and us being actually being able to produce. 
So, evolution is really constant. But I mean there's no real, there's no real end. We sort of move with the 
trends in the sense and we're always trying to add, it could be something even as simple as packaging 

 
 
and sizes, packing materials now places are requiring countries are requiring larger recycled proportions 
of materials in their products, in their product packing. So, this is sort of constant.  
In terms of the bottom line this is and I will reiterate, we do see depreciation affecting us for the 
foreseeable future in terms of an absolute figure, but as I touched upon earlier, if we remove the 
depreciation chunk, we are in a much better place profitability wise percentage wise compared to even 
Q1 2022 and we see it moving forward positively. 
Harsh Dope 
Well, I appreciate. I just, well, a little more. So, for example, hypothetically, if you put in X crores of 
Capex, which has already been incurred over the next maybe 3 to 5 years, what kind of you know asset 
turn are you looking at from the foods business?  
And I'm not looking at honestly next one quarter, 2 quarter or maybe you know even FY 24. It's more 
like, you know what kind of asset turns this business can actually throw up, which can lead to a really 
exponential growth if not now, but maybe in 3 to 5 years. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
I wish I had a genie to tell me that, but that is a little difficult to answer right now. The last Capex that 
we had and that we did, we used for 15 years. With this even with we are still at a single shift. If we add 
in a double shift, the scenario is completely different. So, asset turn is really difficult to answer at this 
point in that sense. 
Again, we are looking at a long-term horizon, so that was 10 years plus, but we obviously are ensuring 
in terms of asset and to ensure that our facility is fully loaded at least for a single shift in the immediate 
future, considering that we have just gotten fully running. 
Harsh Dope 
Sure. Thank you. Can I ask, can I squeeze in one more question if you don't mind?  
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Yeah. Sure, sure. 
Harsh Dope 
Now when you're thinking about, you know, launching new products, I'm sure you're looking forward 
to on board a lot of good talent from the industry. And if you can just share what kind of you know 
people you are inducting? At what seniority and what experience do they have in terms of launching 
products? Perhaps that will induce a lot more confidence. Thanks. 
And if you can just also comment on the working capital, how is the working capital for the business 
and what kind of you know cash conversion cycle are you experiencing? Thanks. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
I will leave that question with Cyrus, but just in terms of your first question, no, we're actually, as I 
mentioned, we're quite frugal when it comes to our investments right now. We just have a very big 
Capex investment and that it's sort itself is just answering all the backlog of things we could have done 
in the last 5 years. But we didn't do just because of space and you know production constraints. So, 

 
 
we're not diving deep into just hiring massive talent to, you know, running ads or doing big media 
budgets or things like that. Right now, we are just focusing with our current product basket dishing out 
more, capturing more market share, which is already happening and that's our main focus rather than 
incurring any sort of heavy expenditure for marketing or ADS or, uh, new talent we are we had a team 
of almost just 3 or 4 for just couple of years ago. So, we're actually just, you know, building a bigger, 
sustainable team because, but that doesn't mean attracting heavy names and talents for us at this point 
because again, we are very cost conscious and I will pass it on to Cyrus for the next question. 
Cyrus Bhagwagar (CFO) 
Regarding the working capital, what you are asking is that working capital always remains a challenge 
because of the credit that we offer to certain clients. But we are right now in the manageable state and 
if at all there may be some required right now, we are debt free. We can go in for borrowings for working 
capital at the later stage. But right now, we don't feel the need. 
Harsh Dope 
Yeah. Thank you, Sir.  
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Now moving forward, you will be the last person to ask the question, Mr. Avinash. 
Avinash Agarwal 
Yeah. Thanks for this opportunity. First question was on, you know, if you could explain in the 
applications of the anti-scale or you know removal system and also what would be the opportunity size 
and competition. You know who are the competitors in the industry for this? 
Percy Avari 
Yeah. Good evening, Mr. Agarwal. Yeah, anti-scaling is I had explained last time that prevents, you 
know, scaling up, so it prevents scale buildup in heat exchangers in piping, in cooling towers and right 
now it is being done through chemical method that people dose chemicals and reduce or retard the 
growth of scales. So, we are doing it in anti-chemical way, without the use of any chemicals and this is 
aligned where there is less competition right now maybe one or 2 players will be there in India, but even 
then, methodology is different. Our is much superior I believe. And therefore, we do not, as of now 
while speaking to you, there is not much competition, but you never know the market size. As I said, 
each and every plant has a boiler, each and every plant has a cooling tower. Each and every plant now 
has an RO system. They have heat exchangers. So, these are all the areas where this product can go and 
therefore you yourself can gauge because there are so many plants having RO and all these boilers and 
cooling towers, so naturally the scope is very good. Only thing is that you have to canvas and prove that 
it is effective. That is, what is left to be done by us moving to the clients that this is really beneficial 
and that process has started and we have been successful in a modest way. But the potential is, I mean, 
there are no segments that we cannot cater to. Thank you. 
Avinash Agarwal 
Thanks for that, Sir. And I had one question on the foods business. 
Now, how do we decide on, you know which products we would want to enter? Does it come from the 
customer or there are only certain segments that we would be focusing on? 

 
 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
This is mainly on what production lines we have because any product that we decide to go for sometimes 
requires again massive Capex because end to end production machinery is needed. So, it is whatever a 
complementary product that can run on a line or is within our compliance with the factory in in terms 
of materials that are allowed to be used with our certifications etc. So, it is largely determined by the 
production lines that we currently have. 
Avinash Agarwal 
And one last question to both Percy and Shanaya is you know- What is our aspiration or you know for 
the next say 5 years? Where do we want to take our respective businesses, both of the businesses, not 
necessarily in terms of financials, but in terms of you know the positioning in the industry, the kind of 
products that we offer etcetera, if you could throw some light there? 
Percy Avari 
Mr. Agrawal, everyone likes to grow. So, our ultimate aim is to grow and make it a 500 crore companies. 
I would say to answer your question in short, all efforts are only towards one goal is to increase the 
turnover as much and as fast as we can, but in the only thing that differentiates us is that we would not 
like to get our name tarnished in any way or would not like to be a one-time supplier to anyone or would 
not like to have unhappy clients. Our ultimate goal is to grow also, though not as fast as we could have, 
but to have a list of happy and satisfied customers who look to Mazda as a company which will never, 
ever, not keep up its word and to see that Mazda is a brand in the league of companies like L&T or 
Thermax or other large companies. That is the main award for us. Thank you. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Just to add to that, I mean, we do a lot of things. Maza has been a stable ship. There's a lot of work that 
goes behind the scenes to make sure that it has this stability. So, in the next 5 years, our basic aim would 
be to grow and make sure that we have bigger each, bigger sales, etc. etcetera. But we also want to 
continue doing whatever we are doing well, well and whatever we need to sort of fix to sort of improve 
ourselves in doing better where we have areas that we can sort of clean up. Thank you. 
Avinash Agarwal 
Thank you, Ma’am.  
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Now last one from Mr. Nikhil, you can unmute yourself and ask the questions.  
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Thanks for this. Just 2 questions. First is to Percy. 
Now if I divide our product segments one is around vacuum process-based technology, process 
equipment and another is on water treatment technology. And if we look at our 5 to 6 years annual 
reports, we've added product segments in either of these 2 technologies or 2 segment. If you have to 
understand how is our target market segment increased through new product launches in last 3 to 4 
years?  

 
 
And a sub question is in last year’s Investor’s meet you had mentioned that in the water treatment the 
customer is more focused on the pricing rather than the efficiency because it's basically just a regulatory 
requirement and not a yield or efficiency improvement product do you see that mind space or way of 
uh thinking changing at all? And do you see more products which can be launched in either of these 2 
segments? 
Percy Avari 
Thank you, Nikhil. Yes, that was the ultimate goal. When we, you know, trying to go in for freeze 
crystallization. We spent a lot of time, money, energy, manpower on developing crystallization but as I 
said earlier on the results that we got are not satisfactory and we never would like to as Mazda push a 
product with which we are not happy ourselves. So, we could have, you know, made up a story made 
up, packaged it in a such a way that it could have really started selling. But no, as Mazda, if we are not 
convinced, if we are not happy and we are not, you know, sure about the product, we would never like 
to sell that product. And so that was the first answer that we tried to do in this existing line up or we had 
tried to do something different, but as of now we were not successful.  
What was the second question? Yeah, people like large companies are, yes, this is a very important point 
that you made. People are now conscious. Owners of good companies are now conscious of conserving 
water, are now conscious of recycling the water, are conscious of having a good plant not only to show 
it to statutory authorities, but to operate it at all times. So, this has come as a surprise to us and it is a 
good surprise that the owners of good companies want this product. They want to conserve water. They 
want to recycle water. So, this is slowly and steadily definitely changing. But small companies like dyes 
Intermediaries, all those will still have the same mentality of having it only for the sake of having it. 
So, it's good. Yes, things are looking bright for this particular product. Thank you. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
And one question to Shanaya. 
See, whenever we do a Capex and this time, we did a large Capex and in the annual report we have 
mentioned that our share of revenue from existing customers have increase. 
What kind of a visibility do you get from the existing customers because these products are a 
consumable right so if under one ton is being sold in this year, the same customer will require one ton 
next year as well. So, what kind of a visibility or wallet share increase we've seen with our existing 
customers in last 3 years? And parallelly, what is the revenue coming from new customers who we have 
onboard in in last 3 years? 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
I'll give you a general idea. I mean, for instance, our domestic client from FY one of our large domestic 
clients, FY 2022 to 2023, we had an almost 80% rise. Another African one, a 40% rise, a Middle East 
one about 30% rise.  
What kind of idea do we have?  
First of all, I mean, if there's a product that you think that your brand loyal to you sort of, you know, the 
market itself has an indication of whether you will be buying the product again or not. So, this means 
future order projections for to us from our clients which we regularly get. So yes, we do know almost, 
you know, 6 to 8 months in advance from the client whether they will be increasing their orders with us 

 
 
or not just because specifically as you build brand awareness, we have now been in the market for quite 
a while. So, we're not a new brand anymore. We have an established presence of within markets and 
within territories when, because we've had clients there for many, many years, other clients see our 
products and see our sustainability and sort of give us new orders on the basis of the same. 
In terms of new customers. I mean we can't really provide an exact breakdown of revenue generated 
from new customers, but we have substantial growth in inquiries because of increased visibility. I feel 
in reply to your question, the growth is sort of tied hand in hand with how much we push our visibility, 
which has been very, very different this year compared to any of our last year's. Again, through media 
channels. through our participation in trade fairs, exhibitions and just the fact that because our customers 
now have a broader reach because we are larger than maybe 2 years ago, our product is on more shelves, 
in more places that is our marketing in itself. A lot of times we get a lot of new clients who would have 
just picked up a product, liked it and decided to place a container order. So, we see as we get bigger and 
you know we become more of a recognized brand. 
Nikhil Upadhyay 
Sure. Thanks a lot. 
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Thank you. 
Nishith Kayasth (Moderator) 
Thank you, everyone. And whosoever has registered for speaker for tomorrow's AGM are most 
welcome. And if there are any questions left, you can ask tomorrow at the AGM also. 
So, thank you very much.  
Percy Avari 
Thank you everyone.  
Shanaya Mody Khatua 
Thank you for your time. 
Cyrus Bhagwagar (CFO) 
Thank you.  
Mohib Khericha (Chairman) 
Thank you very much. 
