 
 
Adani Power Limited 
          Tel  +91 79 2656 7555 
“Adani Corporate House” 
          Fax +91 79 2555 7177 
 
Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, 
info@adani.com 
S. G. Highway, Khodiyar,                                            
           www.adanipower.com 
Ahmedabad-382421, Gujarat India 
CIN : L40100GJ1996PLC030533 
 
Registered Office: “Adani Corporate House”, Shantigram, Near Vaishno Devi Circle, S. G. Highway, Khodiyar, Ahmedabad-382421 
9th November 2023  
 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001. 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Code: 533096 
 
 
Dear Sir(s), 
 
Scrip Code: ADANIPOWER 
Sub.: Transcript of Investors / Analysts Conference Call on Q2FY24 Financial 
Results of Adani Power Limited 
 
Ref.: Our intimation dt. 31st October 2023; 2nd November 2023; and 3rd 
November 2023, w.r.t. interaction with Investors / Analysts pursuant to 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
 
In furtherance to our above-referred intimations, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the Investors / Analysts Conference Call. 
 
The said transcript is also available under the Investors Section of the website 
of the Company i.e. www.adanipower.com 
 
This is for your kind information and records. 
  
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
For Adani Power Limited 
 
 
 
Deepak S Pandya 
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: as above. 
 
DEEPAK 
SANATKUM
AR PANDYA
Digitally signed by 
DEEPAK SANATKUMAR 
PANDYA 
Date: 2023.11.09 
18:04:57 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Adani Power Limited Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. S B KHYALIA – CEO, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. SHAILESH SAWA – CFO, ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV KUMAR RUSTAGI – VICE PRESIDENT (F&A) 
MR. NISHIT DAVE – AVP (INVESTOR RELATIONS), 
ADANI POWER LIMITED 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Adani Power Limited Q2 FY24 
Earnings Conference call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will 
be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Good evening. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you to the Q2 FY24 
Earnings call for Adani Power Limited. 
We are pleased to host the Management. Today, we have with us Mr. S B Khyalia 
- CEO, Mr. Shailesh Sawa – CFO and Mr. Nishit Dave – AVP, Investor Relations. We 
will start with brief opening remarks by the management, which will be followed 
by Q&A over to you, sir. 
S B Khyalia: 
Thank you.  Good evening, dear friends.  Thank you for joining us for the second 
quarter FY24 earnings call of Adani Power Limited. I am honored to address you 
on behalf of this dynamic and energetic company. I am pleased to report that in 
the second quarter of FY24, Adani Power has achieved exceptional financial 
performance, with remarkable growth in volumes, revenues, and profits. This 
success is a testament to the hard work and dedication of our team, and the 
unwavering support of our valued stakeholders. 
 
The Indian power market and the broader economy have been on a robust growth 
trajectory over the last three years, breaking away from era of slowing growth. In 
the six months ended 30th September 2023, aggregate power demand of the 
country grew by 7%, while peak demand has touched a record high of 240 GW. 
Power demand is projected to grow at a similar rate over the next few years. 
 
These growth opportunities have created a conducive environment for the power 
sector, and Adani Power is poised to seize the opportunities that lie ahead. Most 
of our regulatory matters have found satisfactory resolution.  
 
The recently commissioned Godda power plant has achieved operational stability 
and high levels of availability. The Mahan power plant, which was acquired in 
Financial Year 2022 has also been turned around successfully. Adani Power now 
is a financially strong organization with excellent revenue visibility, margin 
stability, and low leverage. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
As we look to the future, the power sector in India presents a landscape of 
immense potential. While there is a strong focus on renewable energy, it is crucial 
to acknowledge that thermal power generation remains an integral part of India's 
energy mix. It serves as the cornerstone for supplying base load power and 
bridging the gap during periods of low renewable energy generation. 
 
Adani Power is committed to leveraging our strengths and capabilities to 
contribute significantly to India's energy security and sustainable growth. We will 
continue to invest in cutting-edge technologies and explore avenues for cleaner 
and more efficient coal-based power generation.  
 
The Company has also continued to maintain its leadership in matters related to 
ESG and achieved higher scores than its global peer group average in a number 
of evaluations. As a responsible corporate citizen, we will continue to work on our 
ESG initiatives,  supporting social projects and community initiatives in harmony 
with the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, and support the local 
communities where we operate, with a focus on positively impacting lives and 
improving livelihoods.  
 
In conclusion, I am confident in the bright future that lies ahead for Adani Power. 
Our unwavering commitment to excellence, combined with the robust 
fundamentals of the Indian power market, positions us well for continued 
success. I look forward to working closely with all stakeholders as we embark on 
this exciting journey together. Thank you for your interest in Adani Power, and I 
now invite Mr. Shailesh Sawa, CFO of the Company, to take you through the 
financial highlights for the recently concluded quarter. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Thank you, Khyalia sir. Good evening, friends. 
Let me begin by saying that Adani Power has now cemented its position as a 
highly competitive and reliable power generator. I am pleased to share some key 
developments that have contributed to our financial transformation. 
The successful resolution of our regulatory issues has brought much-needed 
clarity and stability to our operational landscape. It has also redefined our path 
forward, and created a foundation upon which we can build a financially resilient 
future. 
Further, we have judiciously utilized the cash accruals to reduce the debt on our 
balance sheet. This strategic move, in addition to our improved operational 
profitability, has enabled us to emerge as a financially stronger company.  

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
We have maintained high levels of plant availability under our contractual 
commitments, which has enabled us to fully recover fixed capacity charges under 
PPAs.   
Also, capitalizing on our competitive strengths, we have been able to utilize our 
untied capacities gainfully in the merchant and short-term markets, which has 
helped us improve our profitability further.  
We have a clear vision of ensuring that Adani Power remains a financially strong 
power producer, delivering value to our stakeholders.  
I hope you have downloaded and gone through our earnings presentation, which 
has been uploaded on our website.   
I will now cover the performance updates for the quarter and half year ended 
30th September 2023. 
I will start with the operating performance. We have maintained high availability 
of our power plants consistently by following Reliability Centered Maintenance, 
utilizing cutting edge technology. 
During Q2 FY24, APL achieved consolidated PLF of 58.3% and power sales volume 
of 18.1 Billion Units, which were substantially higher than the performance during 
the corresponding quarter of FY23. This also includes the performance of the 
1,600 MW Godda power plant, commissioned in the first quarter of this financial 
year.  
During the quarter, PLF and dispatches improved due to higher power offtake in 
Mundra, Udupi, Raipur, and Mahan plants apart from the incremental 
contribution of Godda, which has ramped up its operations satisfactorily in a 
short time after commissioning. 
Coming to financial performance, during the second quarter of FY 2023-24, APL 
registered a strong all-round growth on the basis of higher operating levels.  
Here I am comparing the recurring revenue of Q2 FY24 with the reported revenue 
for Q2 FY23, to highlight the fact that we have achieved stellar revenue and 
profitability growth even without considering one-time income in the recently 
concluded quarter.   
We posted a strong 44% growth in consolidated recurring revenues before 
considering one-time income, as compared to reported revenues of Q2 FY23. 
Recurring revenue for Q2 FY24 was Rs. 12, 155 Crore.  

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
This revenue growth was on account of high availability of our fleet, inclusion of 
Godda plant, higher dispatches under contracts due to growing power demand, 
and also merchant sales. 
In comparison, a reduction in imported fuel prices resulted in fuel costs 
increasing at a lower rate i.e. 29% for Q2 FY24, while other operating expenses 
increased by 27% largely due to inclusion of Godda power plant and high PLF. 
As a result, Recurring EBITDA for Q2 FY24 grew by 85% to Rs. 4,336 Crore before 
considering one-time income, over the reported EBITDA for Q2 FY23.  This 
demonstrates the inherent profitability and cash flow generation ability of the 
Company.  
Depreciation charge has increased over Q2 FY23 due to the commissioning of the 
Godda power plant. On the other hand, finance cost has been under high degree 
of control due to our efforts at deleveraging through prudent utilization of 
surplus cash flow. 
Consequently, Recurring Profit Before Tax before considering one-time income 
grew by more than two and a half times to Rs. 2,443 Crore as compared to Q2 
FY23.  
After inclusion of one-time income on account of prior period revenue 
recognition of Rs. 2,781 Crore in the form of regulatory claims for domestic coal 
shortfall, carrying cost, and late payment surcharge, Profit Before Tax for Q2 
FY24 was recorded at Rs. 5,224 Crore.  
Profit After Tax for Q2 FY24 was Rs. 6,594 Crore, and included recognition of Rs. 
1,371 Crore of deferred tax assets during the quarter. 
Coming to our balance sheet and cash flows, recoveries of past dues have also 
added to the net worth of the Company. At the same time, we became a debt-
light company due to prepayment of a part of our debt. 
The liquidity situation has also improved as a result of better fuel cost recovery 
and timely payments from DISCOMs, which has resulted in a major improvement 
in the balance sheet health. 
As mentioned previously, APL has reduced its leverage significantly, with total 
debt coming down to Rs. 32,214 Crore as of 30th September 2023, as compared 
to Rs. 42,252 Crore as of 31st March 2023. These numbers also include working 
capital borrowings. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
As a result, key leverage indicators have improved significantly, pointing at a 
healthy balance sheet and strong cash flows. 
For example, the Fixed Asset Coverage Ratio has improved by over 40% over this 
period, while Debt to EBITDA based on Trailing Twelve Month recurring EBITDA 
has become nearly half. It must also be noted that the contribution of the Godda 
plant to the Trailing Twelve Month recurring EBITDA is for only part of the period, 
while the project debt is reflected fully in the balance sheet. 
This ratio will improve even further on a full year run rate basis. 
Coming to ESG, our guiding principles are based on the UN Global Compact and 
Sustainable Development Goals. We follow the Global Reporting Initiative to 
report our performance on ESG parameters. 
The focus areas of our activities follow the UN Sustainable Development Goals 
framework, and we obtain external assurance for ensuring the robustness of our 
reportage. 
On the emissions front, while APL operates well below the statutory ceiling, we 
have also taken proactive steps to control emissions at the combustion level 
itself. We are utilizing Ultra-supercritical equipment exclusively for our new 
power plants.   
Further, as a part of our efforts to conserve critical resources, we are focusing on 
reducing the consumption of fresh water at our hinterland plants, and to maintain 
it below statutory ceilings. 
On an aggregate basis, APL has been able to stay consistently below the ceiling 
of 3.5 cubic metres per Mega Watt hour and operate the plants at an average of 
2.3 cubic metres per MWh of specific water consumption. 
At APL, we focus on three relevant areas from the UN SDG basket. These areas 
fall under Health, Education and Sustainable Livelihood. Both our internal and 
external activities, falling under areas of human resource development and  
occupational safety and and CSR activities respectively, cover these areas. 
As part of our CSR, we have community development programs such as Good 
Health & Wellbeing, Quality Education, and Decent Work & Economic Growth 
running at various rural locations.  

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
Further, as part of the SDG framework adopted for our business operations, we 
also have high quality training under Adani Power Training and Research Institute 
and an intensive health and safety initiative under Project Chetna. 
As a result of our all-round efforts in adhering to high ESG standards, APL has 
received encouraging scores in various ESG rankings that are at the top of the 
national peer set, and better than the international sectoral average. 
For example, APL has received the B Score for fulfilling climate change and water 
security commitments from the Carbon Disclosure Project. 
We have achieved a score of 54/100 in Corporate Sustainability Assessment by 
S&P Global, which is better than the world electric utility average score of 33/100. 
Similarly, APL scored 3.5/5.0 in FTSE ESG rating, which is better than world 
utilities average score of 2.7/5.0. 
Further, we aim to achieve Single Use Plastic-Free certification at all of our nine 
operating locations, up from the seven certified so far. 
In conclusion, I would like to emphasize that APL now enjoys a high degree of 
revenue visibility through long term capacity tie ups, and fuel security through 
domestic coal tie ups and locational advantages. 
APL has now entered the era of regulatory maturity, with all of the major 
regulatory issues pertaining to domestic coal shortfall having been settled 
satisfactorily. 
Adani Power is now poised to take off successfully for the long haul as India’s 
power demand grows strongly in line with its economy. We have also 
demonstrated our capabilities repeatedly in efficient project execution and 
turnaround of acquisitions. 
In a nutshell, APL is a financially strong and agile entity with ample growth 
headroom, and enjoys valuable backing of the large and diversified Adani 
portfolio. 
Thank you for your patience, and I would now like to open the forum to your 
questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The 
first question is on the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Is it possible for you to give the availability of Bangladesh plant? Also, the 
revenues, EBITDA, and PAT for H1? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Bangladesh plant achieved a PLF of 69% and in terms of the revenue for H1, total 
revenue was Rs. 3,500 crores, fuel expense was Rs. 2,500 crores, EBITDA Rs. 892 
crores and PAT after providing for depreciation and finance cost was Rs. 100 
crores. The availability was 99%. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Where do you procure the coal for this? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We have an FSA and we have been procuring from the open market as well, which 
is largely imported and to a small extent we also use domestic coal. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And currently as of September, we have got trade receivables of around 105 
billion, so is there any disputed amount part of this where we are waiting final 
judgment? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
No, largely all our issues have been resolved. What you see in the balance is 
basically income recognized on September 30th, but subsequently the money 
was realized. So, there is no large outstanding towards prior period regulatory 
claims now. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
How much was the unsecured perpetual debt paid off during the quarter? And 
also, how much was outstanding at the start, say March ‘23? And how much was 
paid? And how much is remaining as on date? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
The perpetual debt at the beginning of the Financial Year, April 2023, was about 
Rs. 13,000 crores and on September 30th, it was Rs. 9,000 crores. I am giving 
you the rounded off numbers. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And how are we placed on the orders for Mahan 2? Have you placed all the orders 
or is something remaining? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
The main BTG order for Mahan Phase-II expansion has been placed with BHEL. It 
happened about 2.5 months back, which takes care of the substantial component 
of the packages and balance as we move forward, will be taken care of. 
Nishit Dave: 
Just one thing to add. So, actually in this project we are going with Split Package 
Contracting Philosophy, so there are a large number of packages to be awarded. 
So, there is the main EPC BTG package which has been awarded to BHEL and 
then there are number of other balance of plant and other contracts which 
should be awarded over a period. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
Shailesh Sawa: 
As Nishit rightly pointed out that it is not an EPC contract-based philosophy. We 
are going on Split package-based philosophy. There are approximately about 50 
packages that have to be contracted. BTG being the biggest one has already been 
placed with BHEL and the team is in the process of placing the orders of 
contracting for the rest of the packages. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Do we have any plans to add more thermal capacity going forward? 
S B Khyalia: 
We have already given the plans of about 6,000 MW total over and above what 
we have today let us say 15,000 MW, I am talking about rounded-off numbers, so 
that is already planned and under active consideration to develop. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
And we got expansion projects as you know that we have many locations and 
most of them have the adequate infrastructure to go for expansion, so we are 
evaluating it as Mr. Khyalia mentioned and we will move forward once these plans 
are formalized. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
And sir just a final question, what is the total CAPEX expected for Mahan 2? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Mahan Phase-II CAPEX is about Rs. 12,500 crores. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nirav Shah from GeeCee 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Nirav Shah: 
Good evening, sir and congratulations on fantastic numbers. So, few questions, 
firstly, we have a sizable open capacity, at the same time our balance sheet has 
strengthened a lot, so what is the strategy over here in terms of will we keep it 
this way or will we look to tie up a part of it or just if you can elaborate on the 
strategy going forward? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We have a capacity right now close to about 3,000 MW, which is open capacity, 
and we keep deploying it, either the power generated goes to the merchant 
market or we keep entering into short-term contacts and then we keep renewing 
it as and when the tender comes. So, it is a two-pronged strategy. As you know, 
the merchant market has been quite good in last one year or so, which has 
contributed to achieving a good amount of EBITDA of what we have reported to 
you, and we will keep looking at the opportunities. If short-term, medium-term 
contacts are coming, we do apply and we like to employ our open capacity 
accordingly. But it is something which we are not very concerned about because 
last two years’ experience has been very good in terms of deployment of our open 
capacity. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
Nirav Shah: 
With the current net worth and net debt position, I mean what is the strategy to 
improve our ratings and at the same time to explore the dollar funding market? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Post-merger, the rating of the Company has already improved. We have been 
rated by CRISIL and India Ratings both. While India Ratings has given us A with 
positive outlook, and CRISIL has given A/Stable and now post-merger and with lot 
of positive developments that have taken place, we do intend to approach the 
ratings agencies again for review and hopefully in few months from now we can 
see it. Of course it will depend on their evaluation, but we are quite hopeful that 
the credit profile of the Company has improved significantly. We have a very 
strong case for rating improvement. As far as the international market is 
concerned at this point of time, we are not pursuing it. 
Nirav Shah: 
And sir on the tax rate, we have had a good amount of profits coming in the last 
few quarters, so what is the position on the carry forward losses or by when will 
we expect to start paying or coming under the normal tax bracket? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We have carry forward losses as on September 30th, of about Rs. 24,000 crores 
- Rs. 25,000 crores and that will give us enough shield for some time, and then 
let us see how it goes and we may come in the tax bracket thereafter. 
Nirav Shah: 
And last question is on our inorganic opportunities, I mean it in the media it’s 
coming about for the 2 plants, but overall, what is the strategy over here? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
See, I must tell you that today in our fleet of eight operating thermal plants, four 
of them have been acquired by us, and if you look at our track record, we have a 
strong track record of turning around these stressed assets. So, we do evaluate 
the opportunities as and when they come in the market or come to our notice 
and depending upon the cost benefit analysis, the cost at which it is available, 
we evaluate the terms  then take a call whether we have to go for it or not. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of through Dhruv Muchhal from HDFC 
AMC. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
First question was on the Gujarat PPA; I think there was some readjustment in 
the last quarter. Does it continue even in the current quarter? And what is the 
approach that we are taking for that adjustment? Are we providing for it or is it 
part EBITDA or revenue? 
Rajiv Kumar Rustagi: 
In the last quarter we took an adjustment of around Rs. 1,200 crores because of 
the index adjustment as per the CERC order, the tariff computation is based on 
the GR, based on the base rate as well as the CERC indexation that’s for 6 months. 
So, considering this order, we have taken an adjustment of Rs. 1,200 crores and 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
thereafter we are continuing to recognize the revenue based on the same 
method. So, there is no subsequent adjustment required. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, on recurring basis, it is in line with what the order or what? 
Management27:30: 
Yes, with the CERC order. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
This was first. The second question was from a near to probably 3-6 months basis 
we are seeing that the coal inventory across the system seems a bit low, probably 
that will influence the availability of coal and probably even in the merchant 
market the availability of volumes, so how do you see this impacting us or 
influencing us for our merchant portfolio probably? 
S B Khyalia: 
Actually, the inventory at our power station is quite good, and in recently 
concluded SHAKTI B(viii) auction, we have fortunately got good quantity and we 
don't foresee any issue for next three months. So, at least for the next three 
months, we are very comfortable and by the time, obviously the possibility of 
further production of coal going up is there and we don't see any challenge now 
in this field. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, for the next three months, you are reasonably secured in from your merchant 
market or from merchant coal? 
S B Khyalia: 
Correct. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And the last two quick questions is on the FGD, have we done the FGD CAPEX 
and if not, then what is the quantum that has to be done? What is the likely 
CAPEX that you will have to do in the next 2 - 3 years for that? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We have about 11,600 MW of capacity where we have to put the FGD in place. 
We have already placed the order for the FGD and the target date or the date by 
which we have to have FGD in place is between FY26 and FY27. We are well 
prepared, and small CAPEX will be incurred this year, and going forward, basis the 
need arising, we will keep spending it, but large CAPEX will only come towards 
last two years. We have already placed the order that is what something which I 
would like to clarify. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
So, large CAPEX will come in FY26-27, not before that? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes, in last two years, because FGD doesn’t take much time. We require about 3.5 
years to have a power plant in place, for FGD installation not more than 18 to 24 
months, so large CAPEX will come only in last two years. 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And you will earn the regulated ROE probably somewhere in that regulated ROE 
range? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Across all our PPAs. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
And sir one last clarification on your PPT, you have given the merchant volumes 
long term PPA and this, so in the merchant volumes you even include PPAs, I 
mean plants where you have PPAs for say 2-3 years, those are also included in 
that or that is part of the long term? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
The classification is PPA, medium term and long term both. 
Dhruv Muchhal: 
For example, the 2-year PPA or 3-year PPA is part of PPA, it is part of medium and 
long term, right? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question as a follow up question from the line of 
Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, can you give us the plant wise EBITDA of break up for Mundra, Tiroda basically 
all the plants? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
We actually don't publish the plant-wise EBITDA numbers. Post the merger now 
we have a one single integrated Company with Mahan and Godda being outside 
as separate legal entities. So, numbers what we have presented, and we would 
like to present the consolidated number. If you want PLF plant wise that can be 
given. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
No, sir I wanted the EBITDA and what is our average cost of borrowing as on date 
as on September ‘23? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
It is a little above 9%, as you know the MCLR has gone up significantly in the last 
16-18 months or so, and so the cost of borrowing also because it is MCLR linked 
borrowing. Current MCLR is about 8.45% and we are charged some margin on 
that, so our average cost of borrowing is around 9% plus few points 9.05% or so. 
That is the weighted average cost of all borrowings. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
How much amount of our capacity is tied up with medium term PPAs? 
S B Khyalia: 
Through medium term, we have 500 MW, and the rest is merchant. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Rest is Merchant? 

 
Adani Power Limited 
November 03, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
S B Khyalia: 
Yes. We are talking about 3,000 MW under open capacity and out of that , 500 
is tied up through medium term. So, effectively 2,500 is completely merchant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Khimani from Subij 
Enterprise. Please go ahead. 
Sumit Khimani: 
My question is about how do you see the political risk affecting to our Company, 
say for example, the Bangladesh situation is there, and another is the Indian 
political that every second day blame on the Company for doing some wrongs? 
Shailesh Sawa: 
I think this call is on our performance and lets us focus the discussion on the 
numbers and Adani Power’s operations. As far as Bangladesh is concerned, we 
have a legally binding PPA with them, which is backed by the sovereign 
guarantee. So, we say we are fully secured as far as our supplying power to 
Bangladesh is concernedand beyond that, we would not like to comment. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen as there are no further questions from the 
participants, I would now hand the conference back to the management for their 
closing remarks. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Shailesh Sawa: 
Thank you so much to all the participants for your time and it was really great 
interacting with you. It is after a long gap that we are having this interaction with 
you, and we are happy to provide any information which you may require. You can 
get in touch with Nishit Dave who is our Head of IR, and we will be very happy to 
clarify or answer any of the queries which you may have. Thank you so very much. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, 
that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
