 
PCL/SEC/23-24/072 
 
 
 
 
 
 
     
8th December 2023 
 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,  
"Exchange Plaza" 5th Floor, Plot No. C-1,  
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051 
 
NSE Scrip Code - PRECAM  
To, 
BSE Limited,  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai - 400001  
 
BSE Scrip Code – 539636 
 
Subject: - Transcript of Earnings Call held on Monday, 4th December 2023. 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to clause 15 of Para A of Part A of Schedule III with Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed transcript of earnings call held on Monday, 4th December 2023 at 12.00 Noon (IST). 
It is also available on the website of the Company at www.pclindia.in.   
You are requested to take the same on record.   
Thanking you, 
For Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
 
__________________ 
Tanmay M. Pethkar 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No. A53618           
Tanmay 
Mukund 
Pethkar
Digitally signed by 
Tanmay Mukund 
Pethkar 
Date: 2023.12.08 
11:53:07 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
“Precision Camshafts Limited 
Q2 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
December 04, 2023  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KARAN SHAH – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR, 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT – PRECISION CAMSHAFTS 
LIMITED 
 
MRS. AAROHI DEOSTHALI – ASSISTANT GENERAL 
MANAGER, ACCOUNTS – PRECISION CAMSHAFTS 
LIMITED 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Precision Camshafts Limited Q2 FY '24 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah, Whole-Time Director, Business 
Development. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen. I would like to thank you all for being a part 
of this Precision Camshafts Limited Q2 FY '23-'24 Earnings Conference Call. I have with me 
Mrs. Aarohi from Finance team who will answer financial-related questions. But in case of any 
detailed questions for finance, please e-mail us your questions at cs@pclindia.in, and we shall 
provide you with the answers in a reasonable time. 
 
We have submitted the investor presentation for Q2 to the stock exchanges on Friday, 1st of 
December 2023, and the same is available on our website. Investors are requested to refer to the 
same. 
 
The automotive industry has remained vulnerable to global headwinds in 2023, including the 
energy crisis, slower global demand, and continued supply chain disruptions. In Western 
markets, vehicle sales are slowing down, whereas in Asia Pacific, car sales have managed to 
continue on an upward trend, although at a modest pace. The Indian automotive market has been 
exceptional to this trend with strong growth numbers. And the Indian automotive industry is 
expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 11% until 2027. 
 
I'm happy to share that despite these challenging times that we work in, the total income of the 
company was INR177.28 crores on a stand-alone basis and INR259.63 crores on a consolidated 
basis. The parent business, PCL India, has grown the last year by better asset utilization of 
foundries as well as machine shops. And we're happy to share that PCL has onboarded several 
new customers in India and overseas where we can see long-term visibility of contracts for the 
camshaft business. 
 
MEMCO has seen consistent demand and has grown – and delivered a total income of INR11.9 
crores during the previous quarter. MFT in Germany has seen stabilization of business during 
these difficult times. However, we still see challenges ahead due to the slowdown in Europe. 
Management: 
You were on MEMCO. You were talking about MEMCO. 
Karan Shah: 
Okay. So yes, MEMCO has seen consistent demand, and we have delivered a total income of 
INR11.91 crores during the previous quarter. MFT, which is based in Germany, has seen 
stabilization of business during these difficult times, but we still see challenges ahead due to the 
slowdown in Europe. MFT would build production of new nonengine components in the first 
half of 2024. And the total income of MFT during the previous quarter was INR38.82 crores. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
Our e-mobility subsidiary, EMOSS, based in the Netherlands, posted a total turnover of 
INR31.62 crores in Q2 compared to INR33.26 crores in the last quarter. This dip in revenues 
was mainly driven by the general slowdown in Europe, delayed decision-making by customers 
and a general sense of uncertainty in the European marketplace. We are still in the process of 
developing several new customers and new applications of our electric powertrains in Europe, 
and we will inform stakeholders of the same in the coming quarters. 
 
Coming to the e-mobility developments in India, the company has developed an electric 
driveline, sub-4-ton LCVs. The company is focused on high-quality, reliable products for the 
Indian market while ensuring cost competitiveness with high localization. 
 
I'm happy to share that the company has started the first deliveries of the electric LCVs to 
customers in India, and we will deliver [retrofitted e-LCVs] to several customers in India, 
including government bodies, large fleet operators and corporate bodies. The next few months 
would involve testing of these vehicles in the customer's use case. 
 
Finally, I'm happy to share that the company has started work on developing a new [campus in] 
Solapur. Groundbreaking ceremony was performed on a 25-acre site in Solapur where PCL will 
build a state-of-the-art machine shop for assembled camshafts and other niche and intricate 
products in the coming year to cater to its marquee OEM customers. PCL will also expand its 
electric mobility footprint on this new campus. 
 
Coming to the financial performance of the company, starting with the stand-alone business of 
Precision Camshafts. Total income for Q2 increased by 8.23% year-on-year to INR177.28 
crores. EBITDA margin for the quarter 2 was 18%, and the PAT margin was approximately 
11%. 
 
The quantity of camshafts sold in Q2 of FY '23 as castings, increased by 10.6% quarter-on-
quarter and increase 19% year-on-year to 1.82 million. Quantity of machine camshaft decreased 
by 5.3% quarter-on-quarter and decreased 5.9% year-on-year to 0.74 million in this quarter. 
 
Now coming to the consolidated business performance. The total consol income for Q2 
decreased by 9.5% to INR 259.63 crores. EBITDA increased by 36% to INR44 crores. Profit 
before tax was INR10.5 crores, and PAT was INR8.4 crores. The EBITDA margin was 17% at 
a consolidated level, PAT was 3.25%. 
 
Coming to the group company's revenues. Revenue at MEMCO was INR11.9 crores. Revenue 
at MFT was INR38.8 crores. And revenue at EMOSS was INR31.6 crores. 
 
With this, I would now like to open up the floor for questions and answers. Thank you very 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have a question from the line of Vishal Gupta. Please go ahead.  
Vishal Gupta: 
Sir, I wanted to talk about the -- can you talk a bit more about the sub-4-ton LCVs launch in 
India? You mentioned that you started delivering, but these are test vehicles right now. So can 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
you talk a bit about when would you do a full-scale formal launch? And what's the outlook for 
that business from here on? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. Thank you for the question. I think, yes, as I mentioned in previous calls, we have ample 
customers across India who are in the e-commerce space, who are in the FMCG space, who are 
-- bodies, large fleet owners, third-party logistics companies, etcetera. And we have started the 
deliveries of these electrified -- vehicles with these customers from the last month, and we 
continue to do the deliveries in this month. 
These vehicles will, of course, go through extensive testing in the use case of these customers, 
which would be anywhere between 3 to 6 months. But in parallel, we are also scaling up the 
operations so that we are able to cater to the demand once that is confirmed and finalized. 
Unfortunately, I cannot give you an exact outlook in terms of what the order book looks like 
because it's still in the initial phases. 
But I think the only addressable market that I can talk about, of course, is what I have been 
saying in the past that there are more than 2 million vehicles running on Indian roads today, and 
we are associated with some of the largest players in the space who we are able to provide a 
retrofit solution to. So even a very small percentage of that, if we can address and if we can get 
it, would be still large numbers for this year. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. You also talked a bit about the price points that you have positioned these vehicles at? 
And have you launched both Tata Ace and Dost or only one of the two right now? 
Karan Shah: 
As of now, we have only started deliveries of the Tata Ace version. We will be starting the Dost 
in early 2024. At this point, it would be difficult to give you an exact price point because this is 
still not at serial production, and these are still, let's say, the initial vehicles that are being rolled 
out in the market. But at the appropriate time in the early part of next year, I think we would be 
able to actually do a full launch of the vehicle with pricing along with a total cost of ownership, 
etcetera. 
But I think needless to say, we have -- because of the very high degree of localization that we 
have achieved for these vehicles, we are able to provide it at an extremely competitive price to 
the customer. So much so that the total cost of ownership of electrified vehicle would be less 
than the total cost of ownership of a diesel vehicle over a period of, let's say, 7 to 8 years. So 
that's what I can tell you today. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Understand. And as we stand today, sir, for this business, do you think the constraint is the 
demand from the marketplace given Tata also has an electric case that the OEM itself is selling? 
Or do you think the constraint is stabilizing and getting the product and marketing right at our 
end? From what's your sense of the market... 
Karan Shah: 
It's a combination of both. Look, we are not directly competing with Tata Motors. I think that's 
quite clear because we are not the OEM. We don't build the entire vehicle. We are providing a 
retrofit solution. So I think there is a market that we are addressing, which is existing vehicle 
owners or existing fleet owners where we would electrify their existing fleets, whereas I think 
the OEMs are targeting new customers. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
So I think there's a different target market in both cases. And yes, I think on the other side, we 
are also being very cautious and conservative on how these products are rolled out in terms of 
the quality, the control that we have and the entire supply chain being properly oiled, etcetera. 
So I think it's a combination of both. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. And you mentioned that the TCO would be much better than the diesel version over 7, 8 
years. And how would the TCO compare with the new Tata Ace EV that the OEM has? Let's 
say, an existing Dost owner can always sell his -- sorry, Tata Ace owner can always sell his Tata 
Ace and buy a fresh new EV from Tata versus going for our solutions. How do those two 
scenarios compare? Is it still compelling for the customer? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. I mean, look, because you're retrofitting your existing vehicle, you don't pay the entire cost 
of purchasing a new vehicle, right? So the cost of conversion minus the vehicles, minus the base 
vehicle, is surely lower than buying a brand-new vehicle. That's for sure. 
So I think the choice that a customer has 5 years into using a vehicle is, should I pay x amount 
of rupees to convert this existing vehicle into electric and I can basically reap the same benefits 
of electrification, which is the lower operating cost, lower maintenance cost, etcetera. Or shall I 
go and buy a new one, which will be more than that x rupees, which it would cost to convert. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes, but I'll also be able to sell my existing vehicle in the second-hand market. So do you think 
the sale proceeds from the second-hand vehicle plus the cost of conversion will be lower than 
the cost of the new vehicle? 
Karan Shah: 
That is what we are targeting to be, but I can't answer that specifically today. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. And are there any other OEMs who we are competing with here, OEMs or other new EV 
players that are competing that in this market as of now? Or that's the two main OEMs, Tata, 
and Ashok Leyland, as of now? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, I think that's what the market looks like right now. There are several players in the 2-
wheeler, 3-wheeler space, passenger car space, but not many that -- in this LCV category. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. The LCV opportunity I also got a question on EMOSS. I can come back in the queue or 
maybe I can ask right now if it's okay. 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, please go ahead. 
Vishal Gupta: 
On EMOSS, you have always maintained a positive outlook over the last few quarters that there's 
quarterly volatility and it's hard to forecast quarter-on-quarter. But you've always maintained 
that it's a very high-growth business over a three, five-year period. And now, over the last, first 
week of flattening over two, three quarters and last couple of quarters have been tough, you've 
almost seen degrowth over the INR50 crores quarterly revenue you've achieved in Q4 last year, 
almost for two quarters are in the INR30 crores, INR35 crores range. So how should one think 
about EMOSS from here? Is there a change in how we should think about that business going 
forward? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
Karan Shah: 
I don't think so. I mean we are still very optimistic about the business. We have certain products 
and certain technical capabilities that very few in the market have. We are in discussions with 
several customers, new customers, new applications, like I mentioned in my opening speech. 
But I think, look, the overall situation in Europe is not favorable right now for growth. There is 
certainly a recessionary environment. There is a lot of delay in decision-making from customers 
in spending that kind of money. 
You know well that electrified vehicles cost significantly more than their diesel counterparts or 
their gasoline counterparts. So of course, there is a hesitancy and general state of uncertainty. I 
mean, you have the Ukraine war on one side, you have this is Israel conflict that is happening 
on the other side. There is inflation. There's a whole slowdown. And this is the reason why we 
have seen some level of reduction in the top line in the last two quarters. But I don't -- I mean 
it's hard to say when we get out of this. But of course, we see a much more positive outlook of 
the company. We see that... 
Vishal Gupta: 
You are saying that in general, it's hard to predict why you get out of this general uncertainty in 
Europe, but you see a much more positive outlook.  
Karan Shah: 
I still -- look, I think as a company, as the technology that we have, the customers that we deal 
with, I don't think the situation is not that we have lost business or there is a competitor coming 
in or something like that. I think the issue is that overall, market has slowed down in Europe. 
And you're not only seeing this on the -- on us, on EMOSS performance, but every single car 
OEM in Europe has degrown in the last few quarters or even in the last one year. So I think it's 
a wait-and-watch kind of situation on how we get out this situation. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Understood. And is there any early signs that you think that this could change in the next few 
quarters? Or do you think that it may take a few years depending on how the general market 
evolve? 
Karan Shah: 
I mean we don't see any immediate changes. The good thing is that we are -- our OEM customers 
stay connected with us, stay partnered with us. They continue to grow the business. I think at 
the end of the day, we are not the end customer or we are not -- we are not supplying a product 
to the end customer. We are a desired demand of what our customers can sell. So we work very 
closely with them in how and where we can get out of this situation, which is not favorable for 
them or for us. But yes, I think we can't say anything right now. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. Okay. Thank you so much, sir. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Vishal Gupta from Neo Capital. Please go ahead. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Thanks again for the opportunity. So in the last two con call, you had also mentioned, Karan, 
that you may consider going down the path of becoming an OEM in India. I wanted to check 
how is the progress on that front? Any sense on timelines on what you have said internally to 
roll out Precision or EMOSS branded vehicles in India? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. So work continues on that front. But as I've mentioned in the previous calls, I think it's at 
least a two- or three-year journey that we have embarked on. And I think it will not be as 
immediate as developing powertrains because it comes around with a whole different ball game 
and its -- when you're talking about vehicles. But yes, we are on it. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. And lot of start-ups in the EV space have broadly raised a lot of capital from venture 
funds and other sources of capital. Any plans for us to raise capital, either in the India business, 
for the India EV expansion or for the EMOSS business? 
Karan Shah: 
Not that I can comment on as of today. 
Vishal Gupta: 
And do you think the business's capital intensive that it would need capital for us to be able to 
achieve our milestones? Or do you think the business is not really that capital intensive? We 
don't really need that much capital? 
Karan Shah: 
I mean, these are two different businesses. The way EMOSS operates today where we are a 
powertrain supplier still in the Netherlands or in Europe. And then -- or in India where we are a 
powertrain supplier where we convert vehicles and we work with the end customers to convert 
vehicles. That is not a very capital-intensive business, except that you require a lot of working 
capital for it, of course. 
But the OEM track that we talk about is a whole different ballgame. Like I said, it is capital-
intensive. We require -- we develop vehicles ground up, test them for safety, functionality, 
performance, etcetera, and intent to market, which is a long process and a capital-intensive one. 
Vishal Gupta: 
And is there internal order of magnitude, how much capital would that need? 
Karan Shah: 
I said -- I mean, we are too early in the stage to answer that right now. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Okay. Got it. And on the EMOSS side, you said that there is a general slowdown in Europe, but 
in terms of applications, one would imagine that the share of electric vehicles should be 
increasing at a very fast rate, and even a general slowdown in the overall OEM sales do not 
impact electric vehicles as such. So is it that a lot of OEMs have moved to in-house production 
where they're not relying on partners like us for their guideline, or is it that there is a slowdown 
in EVs as well? And... 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. There is a general slowdown, Vishal. So I don't think it is attributed to -- yes. So I was 
saying that the electric vehicle offerings across the board are more expensive than ICE ones. So 
there is a general reluctance to make decisions to invest in these vehicles at this point of time 
because of the uncertainty involved. And like I said before, none of our customers, none of our 
partners have moved away from EMOSS. It's just a matter of time, I think, it's on how we get 
back to those volumes and to those numbers. 
Vishal Gupta: 
I understand. And one last question around EMOSS. You said that electric vehicle offerings are 
expensive across the board for application. How much more expensive would they be broadly 
today on a total cost of ownership basis? And what would be the benefit... 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Karan Shah: 
Not on total cost of ownership, on the upfront cost of acquiring an electric vehicle versus a 
traditional one. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Okay. I think it is competitive, but the upfront cost is not? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. And in terms of penetration for the kind of categories which we serve, which are very 
niche application. What sort of EV penetration would we be at today? 
Karan Shah: 
It's very, very low. So we are one of the first ones in these kinds of applications, which is garbage 
trucks, road sweepers, heavy equipment, airport buses, things like that. So the penetration is very 
low single digit, I would say. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Got it. And in EMOSS, what would be our main country? And how much revenue contribution 
would be coming from which country in Europe? 
Karan Shah: 
I don't have that information off-hand. If you can e-mail us, we'll get back to you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Vijay Bhatia, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Vijay Bhatia: 
I just had some two questions. What is your take on the response of your new EV offerings in 
India? Does it meet your expectations, or what is it? 
Karan Shah: 
Mr. Vijay, I think we just started the release of the vehicle last few weeks so it's very early to 
say. But look, I think we're doing something in this market, which not a lot of companies have 
done. So it will be a journey that we take with our customers. I think we are very thankful to the 
first 10 or 15 customers who have taken that first leap of faith with Precision and EMOSS to 
kind of accept this product. And we have to test this in real-world scenarios because we have 
done our level of extensive testing, but they need to be tested in the real world because each 
customer application is different and getting that test is something that we are looking today. So 
I think so far so good, but it's just too early to say. 
Vijay Bhatia: 
Okay. Any plans to extend it to all these tempo traveller type vehicles and all that because I feel 
that you will have more visibility in this one and those type of -- in that vehicle... 
Karan Shah: 
No. Our objective right now is to focus only on cargo LCVs, which are less than 4 tons of GVW, 
roughly. 
Vijay Bhatia: 
Okay. And any plans to expand into US? I mean, why are you Europe-centric only? I mean, 
there is a lot of scope in US also. I mean they have a lot of focus, and this one on conversion of 
existing ICE vehicles to EVs these, and they're giving a lot of incentives. Any take on that? 
Karan Shah: 
Yes, we are looking at the US market, but I think we have our hands full with India and with 
Europe, a lot of demand there. Unfortunately, the situation as it stands today is difficult, of 
course. But we can't ignore that Europe is where most of the technology has been innovated, has 
started. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
A lot of the early adopters of this technology happens in Europe. I think India, we see as a very 
large market in terms of size, in terms of revenue also. And so we want to focus where we have 
best knowledge, where we are most hands on the ground, etcetera. But yes, we are looking at 
the US market right now, but I can't tell you what that means in terms of the business or anything. 
Vijay Bhatia: 
Okay. And goes without saying, looking your new plant, Bhoomi Poojan, what you have done 
for your camshafts. The demand for camshafts, you feel, will sustain going forward? 
Karan Shah: 
Absolutely. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Bhavesh Mehta, individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Bhavesh Mehta: 
So I have a question. So first is that where is the camshaft business planning for the growth for 
the next three years? What is the plan? What is the plan for the next three years where the 
camshaft business is going to grow? 
Karan Shah: 
I think we see very good visibility for the camshaft business. We have long-term contracts with 
most of our domestic as well as international customers. And we actually see -- you've seen over 
the last, let's say, two years also, we have grown the camshaft business in terms of casting as 
well as the machine camshafts, and we continue to see that trajectory. 
I cannot give you a forward-looking number in terms of what we expect the revenue to be. But 
we are setting up a few machining plants. We have been awarded assembly camshaft business 
from OEM customers. We actually see growth in the camshaft business in the coming years. 
Bhavesh Mehta: 
Okay. And the next question is, what are the steps you have taken to increase margins in the 
camshaft business? 
Karan Shah: 
I think one of the bigger actions that we have taken is to set up this large solar power plant in 
the casting business, a considerable amount of our costs are energy. And by setting up this 15-
megawatt solar plant, I think we have reduced the cost of power considerably. And I think other 
efforts on the material side, as well as machining equipment side are ongoing. But I think the 
power cost was a large factor, and that has been more or less reduced by, I would say, 30%, 35% 
by the solar plant. 
Aarohi mam, if you want to add any other thing, yes, please do, so. 
Aarohi Deosthali: 
Yes, sir, we start the solar -- we have saved approximately INR1 crore from July per month. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that would be the last question for today. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to Mr. Karan Shah, Whole-Time Director, Business Development, for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Karan Shah: 
Thank you so much. I hope we've been able to answer most of your queries today. Thank you 
again for your participation in this conference call, and we look forward to meeting you again 
in the next quarter's earnings call. Bye-bye. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Precision Camshafts Limited 
 
December 04, 2023 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your conference for today. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
