 
 
Intellect/SEC/2023-24    
 
                                          November 03, 2023 
 
1. National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, Bandra Kurla 
Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051. 
 
Scrip Symbol: 
INTELLECT 
2. BSE Limited, 
1st Floor, New Trade Ring, Rotunda Building, PJ Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 
538835 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
 
Sub: Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 – Disclosure of Transcript of the Earnings call 
 
In accordance with Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith the transcript of the Investor Earnings Call 
held on October 27, 2023 commenced at 06:00 P.M. and concluded at 07:08 P.M. on the 
Financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The Transcript of the earning call is also available on the website of the Company. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Yours truly, 
for Intellect Design Arena Limited 
 
 
Arun Jain 
Chairman and Managing Director 
 
 
Encl: As above 
ARUN JAIN
Digitally signed by 
ARUN JAIN 
Date: 2023.11.03 
16:52:57 +05'30'

 
 
                                               
 
Q2 FY 23-24   
Investor Earnings Call Transcript  
 
Praveen Malik 
Greetings and welcome everyone.  
Thank you for joining us today to discuss the Intellect Design Arena Limited financial results for the 
Second quarter of the fiscal year 2023-24, ending 30th September 2023. The investor presentation 
and Press Release has been sent to you and are also available on our website. Our leadership team is 
present on this call to discuss the results. We have with us today Mr. Arun Jain, Chairman and 
Managing Director; Mr. Manish Maakan, CEO of iGTB; Mr. Rajesh Saxena, CEO of iGCB; Mr. Banesh 
Prabhu, CEO of IntellectAI; Ms.Vasudha   Subramaniam, CFO. Besides, some other senior members 
of the Intellect management team are also present  in the call. Mr. Arun Jain will brief you on the 
result, followed by a Q&A session where the senior management team will reply your questions. 
When the Q&A starts, you can ask a question by clicking “Raise your hand” and we will unmute you 
so that everyone can listen to you.  
Safe Harbor: I would like to remind you that anything we say which refers to the outlook of the 
future is a forward-looking statement.  This must be read in conjunction with the risk the company 
faces.  
With this, I request Arun to give his briefing.  
Arun Jain 
Good evening 
I wish to begin by thanking each investor for trusting the story of Indian Fintech Company 
participating in cutting-edge technology space, shoulder to shoulder with global competition. I'll 
cover my conversation in 3 frames, and we'll take close to 15 minutes. Frame 1 is the current quarter 
and first half year of FY 24, and frame 2 is patterns and trends from the last 3 years' data and the 
market what we are addressing. Frame 3 business outlook for the next 6 months and coming years.  
Let me start with the frame 1. This quarter, Intellect revenue grew 17% over the same quarter last 
year to INR 621 Crs, while EBITDA grew 45% over the same period. The half-yearly revenue also grew 
healthily at 18% and PAT at 43% growth compared to the last year. The company revenues are 
crossing INR600 Crs mark consistently for the past 3 quarters. All these results are in line with our 
confidence of growth at the 15% level, which we were looking at when we started the financial year. 
They are above 15%, close to 18% at this point in time. During this quarter, contracting in respect of 
2 deals amounting to close to ₹30 Crs in revenues got deferred and could not be concluded. As in the 
past quarter, there's an intangible cost of 12 Crs towards RSU in quarterly results. So this is a cost 
which is getting booked, which is intangible in nature.  
 

 
 
We doubled our marketing activity during the last 6 months, having more than 700 meetings with 
relevant customers and prospects. We participated in a almost 20 events in the last 6 months to 
create a larger brand awareness, reaching the right kind of a technology, eMACH.ai and generating 
leads. So, which we call P0 to P2. We have six stages of the sales process. P0 to P2 is the lead  
process, and P3, P4, and P5 is the opportunity process. So what we publish in the results of total 
funnel of over INR 7500 Crs is basically are opportunities which are at P3, P4, and P5. We don't 
publish any lead-related financial numbers because, at that time, we don't assign the financial 
numbers to it, and that's why we don't publish the numbers of P0, P1, and P2. We have almost a 
similar amount of leads in P0, P1, and P2 as many opportunities are there and only where the 
proposals are submitted. That's what we publish as a funnel for us.  
Now, I would like to move to frame 2 or the dialogue with you, after receiving smart questions from 
you about the varying and unpredictable quarterly performance of Intellect in the past. Our data 
analyst team plotted the last 12 quarter data with trailing 12 months as a pivot. Our CFO has shared 
her findings in this deck. The beauty is that based on these numbers, Intellect has grown at 20% 
CAGR over  3-year period. Exactly 20%, which we guided the market that we have designed our 
business to be 20%. So we feel that how can it work exactly 20% over the 3 years, 22% for 2 years 
and 18% for 1 year. The sustained design growth is well above the industry growth rate. I call about 
20% growth rate as a designed growth since that's a constant message we are sharing with the 
investor community consistently. This design growth has 3 key principles and strategy on which this 
20% growth confidence is there for the company.  
Principle 1 :extreme customer-focused business design. That is an independently designed business 
for corporate banking needs in the form of iGTB. Retail banking and an SME lending business are 
grouped under iGCB, and wealth and Insurance businesses under IntellectAI. This strategy helped in 
building business growth and operational sales based on cutting-edge differentiated products for our 
customers. 
Principle number 2- Design the products for the most demanding banks to drive the last 2% is 200% 
differentiation in the products. So when we work with a leader in the web market, like HSBC, JP 
Morgan Chase or HDFC Bank or RBI. We get that advantage of demanding requirements and our 
product functionality becomes so much sharper than anybody else in the world, and we have the 
advantage of working from West to East. From US customer to the Singapore customer to Australia 
customer at a stretch. So we are able to get the right patterns because of the customer profiling 
what we have. Today, 8 out of 12 products are in the leadership quadrant of global technology 
analysts like Gartner, Celent and Aite. This helps in the premium pricing of products and enables to 
build business in Europe and the Americas.  
Intellect's customer portfolio has 7 out of the top 10 bank in Europe, 8 of the top 10 banks in the 
Middle East. 7 of the top 10 banks in India. 5 of the top 10 banks in North America, and 5 of the top 
10 banks in Asia and ANZ and that's a remarkable marquee customer Profiling. 
Banesh Prabhu 
I think we’ve lost Arun. Probably, they’ll re-join may be of the network issue.  
 
 

 
 
Praveen Malik 
Yes, Arun. You can go ahead. 
Arun Jain 
So, the above three strategies helped in growing the iGTB business to 950 Crs business. iGCB 
business grew to INR 650 Crs, while IntellectAI business grew close to INR500 Cr during the last 12 
months. 
Coming to frame : 3. I'm hearing about our leadership outlook for the next 6 months and next 3 
years. As of now, we must acknowledge the instability of the global geopolitical environment- Israel 
Palestine conflict, as well as Russia European conflict, India for Canada conflict, are all on the 
horizon. The management team takes a cognisance of these conflicts and hopes  for world to 
become more peaceful in the coming years or coming months for our growth of the business. But 
yet, we need to design the business for the future and where we are  getting our confidence level 
despite these geopolitical disturbances. 
We launched the eMACH.ai platform with the most comprehensive microservices for the financial 
industry to drive composable and contextual solutions. In February 2023 this is the one platform 
which received so well because the entire industry wanted this, a desired direction of industry to 
move towards. As of now, the separation of events, micro services, and APIs on the cloud, Headless 
and bundled with AI. Intellect plays a very significant role because there is no single player who has 
got all the 6 components coming together under one roof to give a composable and contextual 
solution. This has led to big partnerships with Microsoft Azure, Accenture, AWS, KPMG, and IBM. We 
are working very closely with them for large digital transformation deals. Intellect technology has 
started helping our customers by using Turmeric as a composable technology. Effort cycle time has 
come down by 40%. So, we are now able to propose full digital transformation at a 40% lower cost 
than our competition. 
Intellect has launched IGTB Co-pilot along with Microsoft at the International Corporate Banking 
event SIBOS in Toronto which has been very well received for its ability to drive decision-support 
advice using Generative AI. As of now, Generative AI is being used for a lot of customer experience 
spaces, but over here, this was done for business decision purposes. 
We also launched Generative AI-based underwriting recommendation for P&C Insurance on 
Intellect, US cloud. This also has received significant mileage because now the P&C process is 
completely autonomous from submitting documents for P&C Insurance, which collects document 
intelligence to underwriting the entire process to the recommendation up to the recommendation 
stage and then data processing is autonomous in nature. Both Turmeric technology, which makes 
composable platforms and my IDX technology, which makes the contextual technology, drives the 
kind of a rich product positioning for retail banking, lending wealth, global payments, global digital 
transaction banking, trade and supply chain finance, and insurance. Because they are the width of 
the product and depth and cutting-edge technologies are driving our growth. For this year, we are 
confident of growing the revenue by 15% on an annualized basis. And profit growth of more than 
30%. So that's what our current outlook is looking at 15 plus percent. Despite of the global or 
geopolitical environment and if we are lucky, we can be closer to our design growth of 20%, but we 
are planning 15% growth on the yearly basis. Thank you very much for listening to the 3 frames, and 
I will open the platform for your question answers. 

 
 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Arun. Now  we can move to Q&A. I request in case you want to ask a question. Please 
click on Raise hand, so that you can ask, we will unmute you.  
Please ask a question. 
First, we have Mr. Mohit Jain from Anand Rathi Securities. Please unmute him. Mohit You can also 
unmute yourself and ask the question. Mohit, you're there? 
Mohit Jain 
Yes, Sir. My question was related to this partnership that you just announced. So, how is it going to 
help us send the one which were announced about SIBOS and Microsoft? So one is how is it helping 
in our current set of products that we are selling, and second, it appears to me apart from this delay 
in the quarter, you're also looking at slightly slower growth for the year. While our exposure to the 
troubled regions may not be that high, just to clarify are you seeing further weakness in banking? 
And second, this partnership with Microsoft, these are the 2 questions there. 
Arun Jain 
So, first question. Manish, would you like to answer the partnership question for Mohit? 
Manish Maakan 
Yeah, Mohit, this is a very disruptive partnership along with Microsoft iGTB co-pilot, which we 
launched at SIBOS. There's a whole new way of deriving value from data which is sitting in the banks, 
and we're going to look at capitalising our extensive domain expertise in commercial and corporate 
banking. In our phase one, we are introducing an array of about 50 plus AI use cases covering our 
existing stream of cash management, liquidity investments, payments, virtual account trade and 
supply chain finance. First of all these co-pilots are being designed to assist banks and corporate 
treasury role-holders for better customer experience, cost and operation efficiency and risk 
management in partnership with Microsoft. So first it will help make our products look much more 
smarter, much more adaptable from what the market needs are. And second, it's an completely new 
revenue stream we are building upon for putting it forward. 
Arun Jain 
On the second question, Mohit. Revenue growth, we are looking at, it can be better than this, but as 
of now, I think 30% margin growth where IT companies are looking for much lower numbers. It looks 
to be better. But let's see how it pan out. It can be better than this. 
Mohit Jain 
And Sir, as the follow-up like , are we building in that GEM impact also as part of a slow transition or 
do you think that not in the second half of the year, and we should look at it from an FY 25 
standpoint? 
 
 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
We are not too sure about that, but on the margin level, we are taking into account the revenue 
side; maybe I'm not taking into account what will happen after December, but on the profit side, we 
are confident of meeting 30% growth.  
Mohit Jain 
So, in the current guidance, we are building in the current level of GEM revenues till March, right? 
Arun Jain 
No. I'm saying irrespective of GEM revenue or not 30% margin growth will be there. 
Mohit Jain 
OK, so whether it goes or stays, the point is that your guidance takes into account the potential 
reality due to GEM. 
Arun Jain 
Yeah. So, the margin, and the revenue line will change. But not the profit line. 
Mohit Jain 
OK, great, Sir. Thank you. And all the best. 
Arun Jain 
I mean directly saying what the margin we make, correct? 
Praveen Malik 
Next, we have Mr. Nishid Shah from Ambika. Nishid, please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Nishid Shah 
First of all, congratulations to the entire team for a very good set of numbers on a half-yearly and on 
a year-on-year basis. I think Arun, sometime back, you had mentioned that Intellect should be 
evaluated on a year-to-year basis and not on a quarterly basis. Not on a sequential basis, given the 
delays in the process and the global environment. So I appreciate that. Uh, can you give more details 
on the 2 questions one or some details on the delay in the closure of 2 deals? What is the value, and 
are we likely to see a closer this quarter? And the second question is on the US geography.  How is 
the partnership progressing with Microsoft? We have been talking about it for the last 4 or 5 
quarters and with Accenture. So where are we seeing traction with Microsoft, or are we seeing 
traction with both Microsoft and Accenture? Those are my 2 questions. 
Arun Jain  
OK. 
The first question was on your growth, which is last like LTM basis. We should be monitoring on an 
LTM basis quarter to quarter; we cannot do it. So again, I want to emphasise that quarter to quarter 
doesn't make sense. We published this time number from September 20, slide number 12. We move 
from 1402 Crs revenue to 2441 Crs  revenue in the last 12 quarters. And there's a consistent growth 

 
quarter on quarter. There's no drop in the quarter on an LTM basis. There's a drop in the quarter 
that normally happens, but on an LTM basis there, there's no single quarter where the drop is there 
on an LTM basis. So that's the one point I want to ensure that we will look at it, and please look at 
the advise investor to monitor the product companies on an LTM basis rather than monitoring the 
product company on a quarterly basis. Responding to US geographic growth, we have very good 
leads in the insurance business in the US. Banesh, if you want to highlight what is happening in the 
Underwriting area in insurance working, that is, we are working with AWS closely with them, and 
they are also bringing some leads besides our  own leads, which are coming in the U.S. market. 
Banesh Prabhu 
Yeah. So I think the partnership with AWS, as you know, the insurance business in North America is 
completely hosted on the AWS platform and all our clients, and presently we are, you know, quite a 
few SOWs that are in the process of getting contract closures, I think the important thing here is 
AWS works very closely with us now in identifying potential underwriting insurance opportunities. 
Qualities we sort of got an underwriting ecosystem that fully operates on. So we added the 
generative AI component in, I think. Generative AI component is helping the underwriters use the 
data more efficiently along with their own underwriting standards to make decisions. So I think AWS 
doesn't have a similar product anywhere in the world, and when they looked at our product, they 
said this is probably the best in the cloud that is available, and they are actually in the process right 
now of partnering with us to offer it to more and more insurance carriers. So that is the outcome 
that we have with AWS right now. 
Arun Jain 
Nishid, this is a very very positive area where the revenue doesn't get booked. It's a cloud revenue, 
and it's a lag indicator. We are giving this revenue what Banesh is doing; we are working with 7 deals 
right now are therein POC stage because AI adoption requires POC build-up, and we upfront invest 
in POC rather than implementation, which is typically in other product lines like in core banking, we 
do implementation afterwards. While on this line, we do a POC before the actual sale happens. We 
have a front investment, and since there are 7 such POCs are happening which 3 are in the 
contracting stage, and 4 will come to the contracting stage, likely to happen and each deal has a ARR  
potential of more than 2 million dollars each deal. 
Nishid Shah 
2 deals which got delayed is expected to close in the next quarter or 2?  
Arun Jain 
Yeah, yeah, that's what we are expecting. 
Nishid Shah 
And how much is the value of those deals you said? I think you said 50 Crs. 
Arun Jain 
30 Crs deals should be signed in this quarter.  
Nishid Shah 
Thanks for the clarification. Thank you, and all the best. 

 
 
Arun Jain 
Thank you, Nishid. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Nishid.. Next, we have Mr Anil Sarin from Centrum, Anil Jain. Can you ask the question. 
Anil Sarin 
Hi, Arun. Hi, the whole team, great progress is being made. In fact, I want to congratulate you on 
your annual report also you have dedicated, I think, about 40 pages. I think all the SBU heads have 
gone into, you know, great detail, taken a lot of pains to explain to lay people like myself, and I quite 
enjoyed, and after reading, I was able to understand and appreciate the technology that you bring to 
the table. So, a great job over there, and basically I mean, you know, it just underscores the 
superiority that your products have. Now, we have to wait and see if it's already happening, but we 
have to wait and see how at a larger scale. I mean, given the scope, the depth and the width that 
you already enjoy. I think you know what numbers should be expected in the coming times. If I just 
add this 30 Crs back, then the margins, you know, even for the second quarter shoot up to, you 
know, a decent number. So my question, I think Mohit and Nishid have already asked, I guess it will 
be a repetition, but I mean, given that you know at the halfway mark. If I just take the liberty of 
adding back the 30 Crs, given that at the halfway mark you are tracking so well, go for the second 
half, you know there has to be a material decline in the growth rate. To sort of come up to the 16% 
revenue growth outlook which you have. So, are you anticipating a kind of a slowdown of that 
nature? 
Arun Jain 
No, no. Anil we are not looking slowdown, I think. The problem with investor, is  they have very you 
have very mathematical mind and you put quick calculations. Our business is not like as 
mathematical as possible to look at it. We're not looking for any slowdown, but we will be cautious, 
cautiously optimistic, I would say Anil rather than saying we are slowing down, and we want to just 
say in the current environment, 15 to 18% growth is a good number. So, let's look at it that way. And 
if you are lucky to have, I mention our design growth  number is 20%. I mentioned from last 4 years. 
We are not changing any paradigm on it. But the success of 20%, it happened in for last 3 years is 
20%. For 2 years, it is 22%, so once you're doing it, we will achieve 20% for the next 3 years we are 
looking. That is the number I think and Anil, you should be looking at; that can a company can grow 
20% top line for 3 years? If they can, we can grow 20% year on year, and our profit will grow 40% 
year on year, our ratio of revenue to profit is 2 times. 
Anil Sarin 
Right. In fact, you know, on that point one can comment that see you have multiple products and 
you have multiple geographies and there are not too many companies like that, that I'm aware of 
which have they're so entrenched,  all over the world. So I think war is not a problem for people like 
you. I mean, you are so spread out. I don't think that, but obviously time will tell and I think you 
already answered that question that you know, as you scale up the EBITDA margins need to go up.. 
It's a function of operating leverage as you  start delivering the deals. It should head towards much 
higher than what it currently is. Am I on the right track? 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
That's right, Anil. I have given two design principles – 20% growth and 30% EBITDA. Now, 30% 
EBITDA, I don't want to promise it. Because last time, I said 30% EBITDA. Everybody jumped on it, 
saying why it's 18% and 21%. The business is designed around two principles. When 30% EBITDA will 
come in? I cannot predict that kind of a number. But the business has been designed for that kind of 
cost structure and the operating leverage level, so we moved to the product business. 
Anil Sarin 
So, in your annual report comments also the chairman's letter to shareholders, you mentioned that 
now is the time for partnership. So today, we have four partners. What is the outlook? What do you 
expect, like how deep can we go with each partner and how many partners would you realistically 
need to achieve your targets and goals? 
Arun Jain 
Partners are very important. There are five partners which I mentioned - Microsoft, AWS, IBM, 
Accenture and KPMG. They are all big partners. We have 30 other small partners at the country 
level, which we are not mentioning here. Those are country-specific partners who solve our problem 
at a local level. This is a good network. We may require one or two more. But to meet this 
expectation of them because the deals they bring are heavy deals. Manish mentioned , Microsoft, 
and they are bringing digital transformation deals to us, whose deal value would be around $30 Mn, 
$40 Mn or $50Mn. It has a huge amount of pre-sale time. I think we are comfortable right now in 
this partnership if we can nurture them. That is our focus for the next six months. 
Anil Sarin 
So thank you so much. Today, you have the proud position of being the fastest-growing IT company, 
so please keep it up. We are cheering for you. Thank you. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you, Anil. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Anil ji. Now we have Mr Mukul Varma from Varma Associates 
Mukul Varma 
Am I audible? Yeah, Mukul. Please go ahead. 
Mukul Varma 
Yeah. My question is that you mentioned that you had won one deal against Thought Machine in 
Europe. I would like input on how we are doing against Thought Machine in Europe. 
Arun Jan 
Thank you, Mukul. Rajesh, would you like to respond? 
 
 

 
 
Rajesh Saxena 
Sure. So, not only Europe, if I look at the UK, Europe, tier-one clients as well as regional banks, what 
we are seeing is that when these banks are looking at core transformation, they start with a long list. 
Typically, in most of the cases, we will end up with three players who are in the last three. One 
would be Temenos. One would be Thought Machine and Intellect. So, when we look at Temenos, 
they come from rich functional stack country models. Thought Machine will come from a technology 
perspective. We are in a sweet spot wherein we bring the latest technology stack with the domain 
functionality. So that is what we see. Versus Thought Machine to your specific question, head-to-
head, we are winning as many, if not more, deals versus Thought Machine. Of course, Thought 
Machine sees many more deals than we see because they spend a lot more money on marketing. 
From that perspective, we are also looking at Marketing Events. Arun also talked about our 
marketing events, our branding and how we are building our presence in many markets. So this is 
what we are seeing from a deal-win perspective. I was in Sibos and Money 20/20 in Las Vegas, where 
we ended up meeting a lot of customers and prospects. Many of these customers are saying when 
we talk to them about Thought Machine and their experiences, they are talking about Thought 
Machines' strong framework, but it requires heavy work from an implementation and customisation 
perspective. So, the total cost of operations and time to market are key challenges that Thought 
Machine is seeing because they are still in the process of building. The domain that we already have. 
Mukul Varma 
OK, great. One thing to add is that we announced specific deals during the quarter, which will be for 
some banks. But when it comes to results time, there are always more deals than the ones we have 
announced during the quarter. Is anything stopping us from announcing every deal, or are those 
smaller deals or we don't have permission, or how do we look at that? 
Arun Jain 
Typically, we need to get permission to announce the deals. That is why we sometimes get delayed, 
and there is a mismatch between our announcing (announcement)anyway, but we are not 
publishing the names of those deals. That is the reason, Mukul. 
Mukul Varma 
OK. So is there possibility we could  still announce it as we win without naming the bank, just to see 
how much we are doing and when it is possible? 
Arun Jain 
 
Sure, We will just take a legal opinion on it and then accordingly act on it. 
Mukul Varma 
Great. Thank you so much. That is it from my end. All the best. Thank you. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you. Mukul 
 
 

 
 
 
Praveen Malik 
Thanks, Mukul. Next, we have Mr Ramasamy KV from QFSL. 
Ramasamy KV 
Hi. Thanks, Praveen. Arun Ji, congratulations on a great quarter. In my opinion, it was a great quarter 
because I come from a product background. My question is only twofold. One is how autonomous AI 
is being used and what the potential is in the next two years. And point two is, how will the EBITDA 
growth pan out over 20% in the next two years? 
Arun Jain 
The first question is about autonomous AI. This is my favourite question. The investment we made in 
2016, three years ahead of time, was understanding unstructured data. I will take a few more 
seconds to explain what unstructured data is. In Oracle, we store the DBMS, which is the relational 
data model which is store in Oracle. Now, the financial institution has more documents more paper 
than the structured data. From the bill of entry to the domain, bill of lading and your balance sheets 
and the cash flow statements etc., To convert this unstructured data and create a document 
intelligence is a science of its own. Now, a lot of small fintechs have come up who are taking one use 
case of one type of document type like Perfios will take a few use cases for underwriting space. 
Somebody else will come who will take a few underwriting cases, which will take up in the trading 
space or the supply chain finance space. So they take document by document. But the difference is 
what we have done at the Intellect level is we created a platform first. Many questions were being 
asked in 2018 on why our investments are so high. Questions were asked to Pranav: how are there 
no results? I remember Technology Day in Bombay  Investor day where we were questioned too 
much on why we were investing so much. Today, we have created a platform for document 
intelligence management systems. This is like a DIMS equal to the DBMS of past time. So, in the next 
ten years, DIMS will be as big as space as DBMS of Oracle in the last 30 years of the space, which is 
about how do you create unstructured document intelligence into the system 
Ramasamy KV 
That makes sense. Yeah. 
Arun Jain 
We have the entire product suite in the DIMS space. We had a session on how you move Design 
Thinking for cognitive enterprises and cognitive banks recently in Chennai, where 20 banks from 
India participated in that two-day event to understand how we can apply DIMS to help the banks 
wire their operational documents to data autonomously. So, that is a whole science of autonomy. 
We have completed this journey that Banesh was referring to in the US for one use case, which is a 
PNC underwriting space for submitting close to 200 different types of documents that have been 
extracted and intelligence has been built using rich and validated up to the generative AI in 
autonomous where recommendation notes come to the underwriter in a matter of day instead of a 
matter of weeks. That is where we are giving speed, cost saving, accuracy, trusted data, and 
recommendations, which is why no single company, as of now, is cracking this issue at a holistic 
level. So if the bank has to use 20 different types of documents and one of the deals which we won  

 
 
in Europe in this quarter is our key client SJP - St. James Place, the largest wealth manager. They 
have chosen the DIMS tool for an entire wealth management portfolio. How the wealth 
management portfolio the recommendations. They want to automate at least 20 use cases using 
DIMS. So that is the power of our tool on DIMS, which we are very hopeful about. There is a 
company called Insta-base, which is in the same space. If you want to go to the Insta-base site, that 
will give you the flavour to look at what space we are in. 
Ramasamy KV 
One question, therefore, that comes Arun ji is, will the cost peter out over the next two to three 
years? 
Arun Jain 
Can you repeat the question? 
Ramasamy KV 
So, in autonomous AI, as we go forward and evolve, will the cost peter out or reduce over the next 
two to three years and, therefore, the margins get bigger? 
Arun Jain 
That's right. So, this is a proposition we are making to the banks that if they want to buy IDX965.ai 
DIMS, their operational costs can come down by 15 to 20%. 
Ramasamy KV 
15 to 20%? That is a lot. 
Arun Jain 
That's a lot. Currently, there is one single use case for this client in the UK. When I met the CIO, he 
said he saved $6Mn pounds with just one use case on AI. 
Banesh Prabhu 
The space around operations transformation is very large. The target market around operations 
transformation for all its financial institutions is extremely large. The DIMS platform takes those 
documents and changes the way the operational process happens through an autonomous 
capability and bringing in AI right through the process, whether it's underwriting or portfolio 
management. We have tried to help both underwriting from the US insurance PNC side as well as 
the relationship manager and the financial advisor from the wealth management side. There is a 
similar set of things across our various business lines in Intellect that actually focuses on how DIMS 
can help operations transformation. We will take out a lot of operations costs. As you know, any 
analysts and researchers will say there are a lot of operational costs that AI will impact. And DIMS is 
at the heart of it. 
Ramasamy KV 
OK, great. The second part is how will the EBITDA growth pan out over 20% in the next two years? 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
EBITDA percentage will improve. The 20% will improve quarter and quarter. It is a matter of time. 
We were around 25% to 26% every year. Two years back, we took a call that we wanted to invest 6% 
from our margins to the next-generation cloud transformation. Our margin declined for three 
quarters. In the fourth quarter, it started coming back. We told nine months time frame. We will 
stick to the nine months where the shortfall has come. And so I love the investors like you who are 
trying to understand, but there are a lot of his street investors who do not understand that up and 
down. How does it happen? 
Ramasamy KV 
That is because of a lack of understanding of products versus services. So that is bound to happen. 
Arun Jain 
So it's OK. It does not matter for long-term investors like you. It is just a matter of time. But 
whatever we are committing for nine months, 20% EBITDA, I must say that the wisdom of the 
management team at Intellect will be able to justify that and live up to the expectation of what we 
are saying.  
Ramasamy KV 
One small thing can I add? Can I ask the third one? 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, sure. 
Ramasamy KV 
So, will this also impact us positively versus the Thought Machine? Because Thought Machine's initial 
costs are fairly high, where our cost would be lower initially. 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, there is a different equation for Thought Machine. They are in investing mode. We are one of 
the very few companies in the world who are  making such a hefty profit in this cloud journey. 
Currently, no product company will make a profit, and nobody is expecting profit from them. 
Ramasamy KV 
Yeah. OK, great. Thanks a lot, Arun ji. God bless. Thanks for taking the time. Thank you. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you so much, Ram. Next, we have Mr Divyesh Mehta, 3P investment. 
Divyesh Mehta 
Hello. Am I audible, sir? 
Praveen Malik 
Yeah. Please go ahead. 

 
 
Divyesh Mehta 
Though I appreciate the investments Intellect has made over a period of time in the products, the 
next leg of what you have started in the SI partnership will be crucial to unlocking the values of the 
platforms and investments you have made in different products. Last time, I recall, you had IBM as a 
partner. This time, I have heard a few more incremental names, so please share where we are 
heading regarding more names. Also, do these partnerships wherever we are going in joint GTM? 
Are they adding to the funnel size? Then I will ask my next question, sir. 
Arun Jain 
Manish, partnership question over to you. 
Manish Maakan 
If you look at our phase one of the journey, it was about ensuring our products are right. As we build 
the brand, we really wanted to own the brand, build extensibility on SDKs and take it forward. In 
that phase of the journey, as Arun called out, we now have the world's largest banks as our core   
customers in every market. That has given us confidence or ruggedness, robustness, and resilience 
of the products. We have now built the extensibility where the partners can take it forward. My 
early experience with these partnerships are the deal values are going at least three to four times 
more than what we were initially selling it ourselves. So this is the right path, the right journey. In 
the next 12 to 18 months, they should start giving different kind of results for us in terms of 
quantum. They are extended distribution and surrogate branding along with each one of them is  
happening for us. They have MSAs, they have signed contracts, sometimes getting into new large 
tier-one banks. They love us. Last minute procurements phase that we don't want to take a new 
vendor in. Through this route, we can manage some of them. Let's keep our fingers crossed that this 
is the right path. A number of people have done it before, and this helps grow. So, we are on the 
same trajectory. We have chosen a select few. We have got very close relationships right at the top. 
We are getting the right support. Sibos, I was quite overwhelmed with the support we got from 
these partners. There were more reroutes from them versus any fresh walk-ins who were coming to 
our stall. So, things are positive. 
Divyesh Mehta 
So, in this same aspect, when you look at SI partnerships. The three to four which you have already 
added are already large enough. In this sense, can we look at SI partnerships from the perspective 
that if any product company has an SI partnership, it is easier to win even larger deals? Because 
banks are more comfortable because the SI partners have domain knowledge they can implement 
better. And like so, the USP largely has more comfort on the implementation. 
Manish Maakan 
I will slightly correct what you said. What they bring is they understand how the banks implement 
that knowledge of a new bank. The methodology, all of that, they bring in. A strong domain along 
with each one of them really helps the bank create a mutual joint success, and with now eMACH.ai, 
the capabilities of eMACH.ai platform offers extensibility of the platform. It is a win-win for banks 
themselves who want to do it themselves or bring in system integrators to do that. This will bring us 
a higher share of licence revenue or subscription revenue, where margins are going to be always 
higher. 

 
 
Divyesh Mehta 
OK. One last question I would like to squeeze in. So, as we have increased our marketing efforts, is 
there any long-term trend where the SG&A cost line will take in terms of percentage of revenue? Are 
they expecting it to go higher versus previous years because of the higher intensity of marketing 
efforts? 
Arun Jain 
The SG&A cost is close to 26% as of now. They are remaining at the same level as last year. It shifts 
by half a per cent here and there, not so much. That will be maintained. It will not go up, coming 
down if the high number of revenue comes in. We are moving towards a bucket from $75,Mn 
Currently, we are a $75,mn bucket. So, if you observe, our patterns are 55, 60, 65, 70. Now we are at 
$75,Mn, marching towards $76,Mn and $78,Mn. 
Divyesh Mehta 
The percentages remain the same. 
Arun Jain 
Yeah. For three to four quarters, the number remains the same. We moved to 80-85 Mn, then we 
moved to 90-95 Mn At the $100 Mn level, the percentage may come down. 
Manish Maakan 
If we sell to four or five companies now, it takes one year to get many of their partners to know us 
better. After that, the multiplier effect comes in, the dominoes fall, and our distribution gets 
multiplied from that perspective. 
Divyesh Mehta 
In this case, we have observed that many companies or SI partners have an “X” number of Temenos 
experts who have a certification or something? So, eventually will we also have some certification 
for the SI partners? Is this in the works, or if you can throw some more? 
Manish Maakan 
Yes, it is in the works with Accenture right now. To build COEs from where they can take this and 
take it forward. 
Divyesh Mehta 
OK. 
Arun Jain 
The last deal was one with them. 
Manish Maakan 
We won a significant deal along with Accenture in Asia. They are jointly investing in it to create COE. 
I have another deal running in France along with them, which starts building confidence. 
 

 
 
Divyesh Mehta 
That's it. Thanks. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Divyesh. Next, we have Mr Vivek Kumar from Bestpals. Vivek, can you ask your question? 
Are you there, Vivek? Mr Vivek Kumar, from Bestpals.  Please unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Vivek Kumar  
Hello sir. Am I audible now? 
Praveen Malik 
Yeah. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Kumar 
Thanks, Arun ji, for the opportunity. Two questions. One is given the annual report that we are now 
in Intellect 3.0 and you are seeing accelerated growth across your products, and two, with this SI 
partnerships and with AWS and Azure, when do you think we will get back to? I am not asking for 
growth guidance in the next two to three years, but when will we cross that 20% growth very 
comfortably? When will these things start playing out? Now that you have been writing this in the 
annual report and also now that we are going for distribution, you said last time that our only 
strategy now is 3D’s – distribution, distribution and distribution. So, when you are cautiously 
optimistic, are you seeing a serious cloud regarding deal closure times? Or you are just cautiously 
optimistic because of the things happening  around you. So, just one question on this. 
Arun Jain 
Yeah, 20% is a good, very good number. What I am saying is that 20% growth will give us a margin 
growth of 30-35% year on year. That means your margins are doubling in three years. At the 30% 
level, our margins will be 2.2 times at 30% growth, in three years. That is a very good number to look 
at. If we can get a Rs.1000 Crs profit margin after three years, that will be a great number for all of us 
as investors and as a company. 
Vivek Kumar 
So you are confident of the 20% growth over three years. Can I take that as a message? 
Arun Jain 
Margin in 20.30, we are saying. If we are going 20% of revenue, 30% of the bottom line is natural 
because of operating leverage. 
Manish Maakan 
Our track record is also the last three years' CAGR, which Vasudha published, is 20% plus. 
Vivek Kumar 
Yeah. I was just asking, are you seeing any serious doubt  in the deal closure times, or are you 
cautiously optimistic because of the environment? I just wanted that part. I understand that in the 
long run, you are confident about 20%. So that was the thing. 

 
 
Arun Jain 
When you ask a six-month question, we cannot predict the future. That is the only thing.  
Contracting and so many issues are there. 
Vivek Kumar 
Arun ji second question is, given the breadth of the kind, the number of products we have on the 
opportunity size that each product can address, if you talk about whether the AI or all the three 
things combined, don't you think at some stage we need to get some jaccob. I am neither asking 
time nor timelines, but just by inversion of basic logic that if each product is addressing such a huge 
opportunity size and each as it is every product starts maturing, don't you think there should be a 
time in the company where it's some companies start growing at much above 20% growth rates or 
am I missing something? 
Arun Jain 
I think the point is that in the portfolio approach, one has to understand very few product 
companies grow at a 20% on a yearly basis. If you look at the ACI worldwide, Temenos. Temenos is 
growing at a CAGR of 2.5% in the last 3 years. So they grow by acquisitions.  
If we are going out 20% organically year on year is a phenomenal number from a product company 
perspective and that too profitably,  not taking the money from the investor and keeping & buying 
the revenues. That's a fairly good number. Earlier also I mentioned in one of the calls we got inspired 
from HDFC Bank. They're slow and steady and in 10 year’s time, somebody can reach somewhere. 
HDFC Bank has set that model, thinking process in my mind that let's not push too much beyond 
20%. But be consistent. 
Manish Maakan 
And the 4th largest market cap now in the world in banking. 
Vivek Kumar 
No, no. I was just thinking that given the opportunity size someday, it should be about 20% is my 
understanding. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you very much for your wishes. We would love to have it. 
Vivek Kumar 
Thank you Arunji. Thank you for the opportunity. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Vivek. Next, we have Mr Shailesh Gandhi from Mehta Vakil and company. Shailesh ,  are 
you there? Shailesh Gandhi. Are you there? 
Shailesh you need to unmute and then speak. 
Please unmute yourself. Shailesh, unmute yourself and ask. 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
And how many more questions are there? 
Praveen Malik 
Maybe some 4 more of them. 
Arun Jain 
OK, just keep up to 4. 
Praveen Malik 
I think Shailesh is not there. Looks like. 
We can take it next. Next we have Mr Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please unmute Rahul. Rahul 
unmute yourself and ask the question. 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
Yeah hi, I hope I'm audible. 
Praveen Malik 
Yes, yes. Rahul, please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
Yeah, just wanted to understand your sense in terms of how the cloud deal market is shaping up 
because in the most recent quarter we have seen Oracle announcing a $30,Mn plus size of a cloud 
deal, which I think is one of the largest cloud deals on the banking software basis. So any perspective 
on cloud kind of a deal and what we are seeing from our pipeline perspective? 
Arun Jain 
I'm not getting the reference. Which is a $30Mn deal? 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
So this is a large community bank cloud based deal announced by OFSS in the most recent quarter. 
Arun Jain 
OK, may I have not looked at it $30Mn Community Bank deal on cloud. But this is an ARR deal or 10 
year deal ? 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
The licence component is close to this number, but of course the total ARR of course could be much 
lower and so basically my - 
Arun Jain 
$30 Mn cannot be a license number. $30,Mn is a huge number. 
 

 
 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
Yeah. So that is where it is. That is how it is. 
Arun Jain 
Some confusion is there the $30Mn is 10 year Deal or 5 year deal - the time horizon? Because that 
way we can announce many deals which are $30mn deals when we are looking at it from the 
duration of the time. 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
Yeah, yeah, my sense is this is a 5 year $30 Mn kind of a deal. But nevertheless my question was 
more to understand from the perspective is that the larger size of the deal in your pipeline, are they 
incrementally coming from the cloud side of the business or it still continue to be on the on Premise 
side? And how is your mix in your pipeline from a cloud or on premise basis? 
Arun Jain 
We set up 6 platforms, which I mentioned to you earlier. We have GeM as a platform, which we will 
be extending it from out of GeM and moving it to the other governments, International government 
and for corporate. So we are now able to make more profitable ventures out of the GEM platform 
we had. So our teams are working to make it buy-corp out of this particular product. Second 
platform is a lending platform. 3rd Platform is IDC. This platform means they are on cloud - IDC 
platform. Then there's a platform of magic submissions which we call Magic platform. And then we 
have 2 more platforms which were there in the afternoon board presentation. There are 6 
platforms. Each platform is growing consistently. The big deals are now coming to our magic 
platform - AI platform which Banesh was referring to, those and IDC platform. Both the platforms 
are getting into the deal size of $20 Mn over the 5 years or $10 Mn deal over the 5 years or 10 years 
so they range from 5 to 10 year range deals which can range between $10,MN to $30 Mn range. So 
those are the deals which are there is number which is announced by a lot of companies with 30 
Mn/40Mn cloud revenue. Sometimes they are extending to 7 years or extending to 10 years, so at 
that point you need to ask them and let us know. 
Rahul Jain, Dolat Capital 
Understood. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you, Rahul. . 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Rahul. Next we have Mr Ravi Mehta from Deep Financial.  Ravi please unmute yourself 
and ask the question. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
Yeah hi, Thanks for the opportunity. Most of the questions got answered. Just one question was the 
INR 30 Crs deals that got deferred. These were more licence based or subscription based or any 
colour on those deals? 

 
 
Arun Jain 
Let it remain as it is. These are 30 Crs deals which have got postponed. We don't want to specifically 
mention, but they mainly could have come to the margin. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
And probably I missed the opening comment in that there were some. INR 12 Crs of Expenses that 
were booked in Q2 related to some, I think I could not gather. 
Arun Jain 
ESOP basically the Over the last, the intangible - Vasudha can explain. 
Vasudha 
Its Stock options. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
Ok. Is INR12 Crs ESOP Cost booked in Q2 or H1? 
Arun Jain 
Hey, every year, every quarter we book around. 
Vasudha 
So quarter and quarter, it is more than INR10,Crs, so that's a regular cost that we have because we 
have given RSUs or a larger population in the company, and so as per the Indian accounting 
standards and as per the IFRS, we are supposed to book the ESOP cost in the P&L, so. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
Sure, sure. So what was it for Q2? If you can just tell. 
Vasudha  
INR 12,Cr is the number for the quarter. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
OK. OK. OK. And what was it like in the previous quarter similar or..? 
Vasudha 
It will be around the same number - 10/11/12 Crs. We are on the same. Depending upon when the 
options are getting vested. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
Sure. And just one non bookkeeping question. Global DSO based have gone up and India based have 
come down. It's the other way around. So is this a temporary thing or? 
 
 

 
 
Vasudha 
It is a one off thing I would say for this quarter because we received more collections from the India 
based customers this time. So that is where you can see some dip in the India pears. 
Ravi Mehta, Deep Financial 
OK, OK. 
Yeah. Thank you and wish you good luck.  
Vasudha 
Thank you. 
Praveen Malik 
Thanks Ravi. Next we have Mr Vijay Kamath. Mr Vijay Kamath. Can you ask your question please? Mr 
Vijay Kamath, you're there? 
Arun Jain 
Ok, who is next? 
Praveen Malik 
I think Vijay is not there. Then we have Mr Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal Investment. Mr Vipul 
Kumar Shah. Please unmute Vipul Kumar. 
Vipul Kumar Shah, Sumangal Investment 
Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So, you are talking about digital transformation. So these 
mainstream IT companies are also undertaking these digital transformation projects. So how you do 
it differently if you can briefly explain in a layman's language, it will be very helpful. You may have 
done it to other calls also. But I'm logging on to this call after a long time. If you can explain it, it will 
be really helpful for me, Sir. 
Arun Jain 
Yes. Most of the investment in IT business has grown in the last 4 years or post COVID is to make the 
enterprise digital. So digital enterprise is a very standard vocabulary which all of us use. The 
difference is we have a building block for making digital means we have an intellectual property of 
microservices through which we can compose a solution or a bank versus writing a solution to the 
bank. We don't do any coding, we do the wiring of the microservices to make a digital 
transformation which is 2 to 3 times faster and is more accurate in delivering the final 
transformation results to the bank, so that's what. As a product company, if you observe that 
services are growing now and services companies will reduce because people want to get a ready-
made solution, we are in ready-made space and the services company which is called digital, they're 
in custom made digital. So I think in layman language, that's what we can be looking at. 
Vipul Kumar Shah, Sumangal Investment 
Then for your growth you should be manpower agnostic, no? 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
That's right. So that's why our margin, that's why the operating leverage is there. 
Vipul Kumar Shah, Sumangal Investment 
OK, Sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Praveen Malik 
Thank you, Vipul Kumarji. Next, we have Mr Rajiv Venkatesh. The last question. Mr Rajiv venkatesh. 
Are you there? 
Rajiv Venkatesh 
Yes, Sir. I am there. Are you able to hear me?  
Arun Jain 
Please go ahead. 
Rajiv Venkatesh 
Yeah. Thanks Arun. Uh, I have a couple of questions. First of all, congrats on the good set of numbers 
in this current environment. I want to know a couple of things. One is with the cash generation what 
we are doing, how much will go for R&D spend and for reinvesting for next 2 to 3 years? And what 
would be the new verticals of growth you're currently looking at, I understand that DIMS things are 
all already built in, so trying to understand where will be the next leg of growth? And the second the 
question would be like - a few quarters back you had informed on the core banking transformations. 
Are we getting any projects being moved out from Finacle or FlexQube or T24 for better product mix 
what we have with the better capabilities on our side? And or any POC is going on. I feel this will 
have a snowball effect with regard to the revenues over a period of time. So what are your thoughts 
on that? 
Arun Jain 
First of all, I think that. Cash position, whatever is there? We are fortunate enough that we don't 
have it significant challenges since we are growing organically, we may use the cash for getting to 
some countries, for inorganic customer acquisition. We are just exploring, but not a big acquisition, 
but acquisition to get a footprint in a country where we can use eMACH.ai to drive it,  they may have 
old legacy platforms where we can use that money to do that. So that's the one thought process of a 
growth engine. We are not going to get into new spaces. As of now, we have a sufficient number of 
spaces to drive. Number of products is proper; we are managing the same number from the last 4 
years, so we are not increasing anything over there. So we want to run in a sustained manner and 
grow consistently over there. So that's it. Answer to your first question. What was the second 
question? 
Rajiv Venkatesh 
Uh, second second question is like a a few quarters back, had informed on the core banking 
transformations. So, are we getting any? 
 

 
 
Arun Jain 
That's what Rajesh Saxena has mentioned about the deal against Thought Machine. Thought 
Machine is a core banking transformation, and he's saying that we are fighting the battle in Europe 
and other parts of the world against it. So we won 2 core banking transformation deals during the 
Quarter. So these deals came from the Australia region in this quarter. We announced 2 deals in the 
Australia region for core banking transformation and last quarter, we announced OTP Bank, which is 
the largest Hungarian bank for core banking transformation. 
Rajesh Saxena 
So Arun if I can just add. I think in the first quarter, we announced a couple of core banking deals. 
Two of those deals were actually when a bank moved from Oracle to us. I think that was the specific 
question. 
Arun Jain 
Thank you. 
Praveen Malik 
OK.. There's no question anymore. Thank you, everybody for joining the call today. In case you have 
any further questions, please do write to us, that will be replied or we may have a call. Also, thank 
you so much. Now you can log off. Thank you. Thank you, the management team. 
 
