Iry .3Assizttn poi -Apr- • 
Bank of India EP 
Ti-T4 T. Ref. No.:HO:IRC:SVM:2023-24:406 	
R9tT Date:17/11/2023.  
Scrip Code: BANKINDIA 	
Scrip Code: 532149 
I The Vice President — Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, 
Mumbai 400 051 
The Vice-President — Listing Department, 
BSE Ltd., 
25, P.J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001. 
 
Sub:2nd Quarter & Half Year ended 30th September, 2023 
Earnings conference call with Analysts/ Investors — Transcript. 
With reference to above and pursuant to the applicable provisions of SEBI 
(LODR) Regulations, 2015, we herewith enclose the transcript of post results Earnings 
conference call for 2nd Quarter & Half Year ended 30th September, 2023 held on Thursday, 9th 
November, 2023. 
The transcript of 2nd Quarter & Half Year ended 30th September, 2023 Earnings 
conference call is uploaded on Bank's website and the same can be accessed through below 
link : 
https://www.bankofindia.co.in/AnalystConferenceCallTranscript 
This is for your information and records. 
wq--41-zr Yours faithfully, 
0. 
vi-Or filmt 
vestor Relations 
Dept 
(Rajesh V Upadhya) 
yid
RiRT Company Secretary 
Classification: Public 
. 	
191- 7 9-q=i cart, 	
T,iss-I,si 	
TIPA7T, 	- 	
, 	
74, 	
-400051 
Head Office: Investor Relations Cell, Star House - I, 8v Floor, C-5. G-Block, Sandra Kuria Complex, Sandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 Ph.: (022) 6668 4490 . 
Fax: (022) 6668 4491 Email: headoffice.share@bankofindia.co.in  
Digitally signed 
by: RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA
DN: CN = 
RAJESH 
VENKATARAJ 
UPADHYA C = IN
O = BANK OF 
INDIA OU = 
BANNKING
Date: 2023.11.17 
15:31:23 +06'30'
RAJESH 
VENKATA
RAJ 
UPADHYA

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 1 of 24 
 
 
 
“Bank of India 
Q2 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
November 09, 2023 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Team Represented by 
 
 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, Managing Director & CEO 
 
 
Shri P R Rajagopal, Executive Director 
 
 
Shri Swarup Dasgupta, Executive Director 
 
 
Shri M Karthikeyan, Executive Director 
 
 
Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director 
 
 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 2 of 24 
 
 
Ladies and Gentlemen,  
 
Good evening and welcome to Bank of India's Q2 FY 24 Conference Call. I 
would like to thank all of you for taking out time today and joining us. We have 
with us Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD and CEO, Shri P R Rajagopal, Executive 
Director. Shri Swarup Dasgupta, Executive Director, Shri M Karthikeyan, 
Executive Director, Shri Subrat Kumar, Executive Director and other Top 
Management team from Bank of India. For now, we have placed all microphones 
on mute.  At the end, during the Q&A session, we will be sending you a request 
to unmute yourself in order to ask questions. I will take you through this process 
before the Q&A session. However, please note the Management will continue to 
remain unmute throughout the session. I would now request Shri Rajneesh 
Karnatak to address this gathering. Thank you. And over to you, Sir. 
 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Good afternoon to all the dignitaries, ladies and gentlemen, present in today's 
Analyst Meet. It is my pleasure to welcome you all for the interaction, post 
publication of the financial results of the Bank for Q2 of FY 23-24.  
 
Amidst different uncertainties grappling the global economy, another turbulence 
surfaced in the form of Israel-Hamas war in the Middle East. A rare trinity of 
factors i.e. soaring crude oil prices, surging US bond yields and hardening US 
interest rates have emerged as proximate risks to the global growth and stability 
posing significant macroeconomic challenges to the emerging markets. Global 
trade conditions to face significant headwinds, with expectation of the decline in 
growth in world trade volume from 5.1% in 2022 to 0.90% in 2023, as reflected 
in the IMF recent projections.  
 
However, India’s macroeconomic outlook for FY 24 is bright due to resilience in 
economic activity, on the back of strong domestic demand, increased government 
spending, improved industrial capacity utilization, and moderation in headline 
inflation. Buoyancy in credit growth continues, whereas deposits are seen 
growing at a lesser pace than credit in the system.  
 
Against this prevalent optimism, the Bank is focusing on sustainable advance 
growth and garnering low cost deposits along with retail term deposits. The aim 
is new customer acquisition and retention of existing customers. The maintenance 
of Asset Quality and NPA management is of paramount importance with 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 3 of 24 
 
containment of slippages and reduction in SMA. On digitalization front, a new 
mobile app under the name BOI MOBILE OMNI NEO APP has been launched 
with attractive features. A new credit card variant under RuPay scheme - “RuPay 
Select” has been introduced. A new innovative debit card made from 100% 
recycled plastic, named “BOI Earth Smart Debit Card” has been launched. Pre-
Approved Personal Loan – BOI PAPL- to existing customers has also been 
started. 
 
Other new initiatives taken are in the formation of 18 Emerging Corporate Credit 
Branches to cater to corporate needs in their specific area of operation, MOU with 
REC Ltd., to co-finance Rs.30,000 crores worth of projects in power, 
infrastructure and logistics sectors over the next five years, Star Channel Finance 
Scheme has been revamped at par with the peer banks.  MoU with WDR for 
financing e-NWR and to boost the growth of agriculture sector, integration of our 
Loan Management System (LMS) E-platform with Jansamart portal, WhatsApp 
Banking introduced to provide additional channel to the customers and accessing 
different banking service, launching of NPA Management Solution -  a dashboard 
made available to branches to facilitate better management of NPA portfolio, 
besides many more other initiatives.  
 
We have published and shared the financial results of the Bank for Q2, FY 24 on 
04.11.2023. I am not repeating the numbers for brevity sake. I understand that 
you must have all seen our analyst presentation, which is already there in the 
public domain. We expect credit growth of 11% to 12% during the current year. 
Though there will be pressure on NIM in the subsequent quarters, but by 
increasing yield on advances through RAM and Corporate, we aim to maintain 
the NIM above 3%. With the bank's consistent focus on improving asset quality 
via better underwriting and containing fresh slippages, we expect Gross NPA 
ratio to be contained below 6% level and credit costs to be around 0.60%. We 
will continue to strive towards better customer experience, asset quality, 
sustainable growth and a strong bottom line. Thank you so much. The floor is 
now open for questions and answers.  
 
Ms. Kejal Tolia, moderator: 
 
Thank you, Sir. As mentioned, we would now like to open the floor for the 
Question and Answer session. Participants, you will notice a small icon on your 
screen, a hand sign. Once you press this, it will alert us that you would like to ask 
a question. We will go around one by one. The analysts asking the questions will 
be unmuted. You will get a notification on your screen to unmute yourself. Kindly 
click on unmute. Identify yourself before asking the question. Just a humble 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 4 of 24 
 
request. Each participant if you could restrict to three questions. If we have more 
time, we will come back to you. Once you join back the queue, as soon as 
someone presses a hand sign to ask a question, we will enter the conference and 
announce the participant in this way.  
 
The first question we have from Mr. Ashok Ajmera. Over to you, sir.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Good afternoon to you all, Sir. And compliments for a good quarter because there 
were certain headwinds. And as you also narrated that so many problems, global 
turmoil, war and everything, in spite of that, our results are good, Operating Profit 
is almost equal to the last quarter only.  Net profit has slipped a little bit.  But then 
on the whole, it's a good result. My first question is on, Sir, a little bit of 
clarification. Last time also we had discussed that our net profit, you know, it is 
as compared to the profit before tax becomes very low because of the higher tax 
element which is provided in P&L. I'm not talking about actual tax payment, but 
because of may be DTL or DTA or whatever it is. But if you look at the total 
profit, it is Rs.5,865 crores in the six months, and the provision is Rs.2,855 crores 
total. So it eats away our actual book profit. So some explanation on that, why 
this tax amount is so high as compared to the profit, which is almost, I think, more 
than 50% of the profit.  
 
You had launched  the Town hall concept and the outreach, and I think you said 
in the last meeting that 13 NGBs and all the EDs and, you know, GMs were asked 
to go out  in the field, and it has brought some good results also because our credit 
growth is good in the last quarter. So going forward, are we keeping the same 
target of 11% 12% or you feel that, you said last time that your corporate pipeline 
was Rs.40,000 crores, you are sanctioned for Rs.30,000 crores. So all these are 
resulting into better credit growth. So would you like to revisit that or we stand 
there only.  This is something on credit growth. On Treasury, like as you said that 
because of the international problems and everything, now the yields are going to 
be hardened there and it may have the impact here also. So how much cushion do 
we have in our AFS Treasury books. And are we how much are we insulated or 
are we going to get any shock on that front. This is the third thing and then if time 
permits, I've got some specific questions.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Thank you, Ashok ji. To begin with, your first question with regarding to net 
profit. So as you rightly said, our  pre-tax net profit this time is Rs.2,937 crores. 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 5 of 24 
 
If you see our numbers for June, it was Rs.2,928 crores. In a way it is flat. But if 
you see our final net profit, which was Rs.1,551 crores in June, it is now at 
Rs.1,458 crores. So the reason for the reduction in net profit is also, as you rightly 
observed,  was the taxation. So what we have done in this quarter is that we have 
shifted to the new tax regime. Because of the shifting to the new tax regime, there 
has been some accounting treatment because of which the taxation number is 
higher in this quarter. So in this quarter, the total tax which we have done is 
Rs.1,479 crores, which is  nearly 50% of the pre-tax profit of Rs.2,937 crores. So 
that is the simple reason, now that we have shifted to the new tax regime, we will 
be like charging  taxation at the 25% rate instead of the 35% rate which was there 
earlier. So that benefit Bank will get.  That is one big change which we have come 
to for  shifting to the new tax regime. So if you see the September 22 numbers, 
our pre-tax profit was Rs.1,462 crores and our net profit was Rs.960 crores. So if 
you see the YoY growth in the net profit, it is 52%. And if you see the YoY 
growth on the profit before tax, it is 101%. So these are the basic numbers. And 
further, if you compare the H1 of FY23 with H1 of FY24, the increase in pre-tax 
profit is 152% and the increase in net profit is 98% on the H1 basis. So this is the 
number which we have. So the profitability part, we are quite comfortable. And 
with shifting to the new tax regime, this will help in the final overall profit for the 
Bank.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
Sorry to interrupt you, Sir. But in the next two quarters  of the financial year, is it 
going to be the mean, because we are looking at the whole year for income tax. 
So,  whether  this high tax impact will be there in the remaining two quarter also.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
No, no, that will not be there as I've told you. In the ensuing quarters of December 
and March, we will not be at the high tax regime.   So as regards our credit growth 
and other initiatives which we have taken, for the credit growth, our Town Hall 
meeting concept remains. Already the Zones and our NBGs, which are NBG field 
office, have been allocated to the Executive Directors, to all the Chief General 
Managers and the General Managers. And we are regularly moving to the field, 
all of us together.  General Managers, CGMs, EDs and myself, we are all moving 
towards the field simultaneously. We are visiting Zonal Offices. We are visiting 
the NBG field offices and meeting not only the staff, but the customers also and 
trying to understand their problems,  taking some feedbacks and also making 
some policy and procedural changes wherever they are required. So as far that is 
concerned, in this interim quarter, what we have done is we have also opened 
three Start-Up branches, we have also now opened 18 Emerging Corporate Credit 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 6 of 24 
 
Branches, which are in Centres other than the LCB Centres. Our focus is Rs. 10 
crores and above fresh advances up to Rs.250 crores. And if any other advance 
above that is there also these Emerging Corporate Credit Branches can take care 
of that. So that is another initiative we have taken in this quarter.  
 
Apart from that few initiative, others I have already read out in my opening 
speech.  As regards the credit growth number, the guidance which we have given 
earlier is 11% to 12% of overall credit growth. That number continues for the 
simple reason is that we want to protect our NIM in this increasing interest rate 
scenario. So we are, as I told you earlier, also, leaving certain transactions which 
are Repo based for long term because they will not be yielding much on the NIM 
side and Net Interest Income we need to protect. So for that simple basic reason, 
we want to keep our guidance at 11% to 12%.  And we are confident that the 
credit guidance of 11% to 12% of credit growth we will achieve.  
 
To give you just one more number, we have our credit pipeline of nearly 
Rs.70,000 crores as we speak today.  Out of which around Rs.14,000 crores is the 
RAM pipeline, which is Retail, Agriculture and MSME. We have certain pipeline 
in the international book also, and the remaining is the corporate credit pipeline, 
which we have of around Rs.50,000 crores, as we speak. The pipeline includes, 
number one, the sanctions, which we have already given, where the 
documentation is executed and where the drawdown has started taking place. 
Number two, where sanction is given, where the documentation is yet to take 
place. And third is the numbers pipeline, where we have given the in-principle 
approvals and where the proposals are in different stages of preparation and 
sanction. So overall, we are very confident that there will be credit growth and 
with the busy season now kicking in for this quarter, Q3. So, the numbers will 
definitely be looking better in the quarter ending December on the credit side. So 
as regards the Treasury, I would request our General Manager, Treasury, Shashi, 
to take this question.  
 
Shri M Sasidharan, GM, Treasury: 
 
Good afternoon. Your question is that what kind of cushion we have in our AFS 
portfolio.  I would like to say that for the month of September, our portfolio did 
not have any losses. It was in fact positive. So up to 7.25% levels we do not have 
any issues because the closing of September was 7.21%. So we were plus and the 
Modified Duration as shown in the slide, is 2.87 for the portfolio of Rs.47,001 
crores. That translates to PV01 of 13.5, and we do not expect much of a hit, even 
if it goes to around 7.45% or 7.50% levels.  But practically speaking, we expect 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 7 of 24 
 
the yields to moderate at these levels. Somewhere between 7.20% to 7.30% 
should be the level which we should be seeing by 31st of December. 
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Is there any specific reason for the Modified Duration to go up to 2.87 as 
compared to 2.37 in the past? 
 
Shri M Sasidharan, GM, Treasury: 
 
Yes.  The reason for that is, internally, we have held a view that the interest rates 
are nearing peak or more or less reached the peak. So this is the time for us to 
increase 
the 
duration. 
And 
that 
is 
why 
you 
are 
seeing 
the  
Duration moving up from 2.37 to 2.87. So it's a conscious call. And we would 
like to encash once the rates come down. 
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
So if you permit me, I can take one question on recovery, Sir. We have a smart 
recovery in this quarter in the written off account, as well as the cash recovery 
also of Rs.1,455 crores. So, Sir, a little more light. If we can get on the entire 
process of the recovery through NARCL, NCLT and what is going to be the next 
two quarters scenario as far as the overall recovery are concerned?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
So on the recovery side, if you see the data. We have done cash recovery and 
upgradation in this quarter of Rs.1,638 crores. So if you include the written off 
also to the total, reduction in the book was Rs.2,876 crores against which our 
fresh slippage plus debits in the existing NPA, that is, the total addition was only 
Rs.1,650 crores. So we were able to reduce our NPA by nearly Rs.1,200 crore net 
net. So that is one number which we already have. So as regards NARCL and 
NCLT is concerned, in NARCL two accounts were given to the NARCL. And as 
regards NCLT accounts, two three accounts was there in NCLT wherein the 
recovery took place in this quarter, in the Q2 of FY 24. So that is the number. 
And for the field we have given a target, that whatever the fresh slippage we have, 
of that, the double, we should do the recovery and the upgradation that is the 
number we have given to the field as a target. So that is the number we are chasing 
for the H2 of FY 24. So another important point on the Asset Quality I just would 
like to state is that our SMA (Special Mention Accounts) numbers if you see our 
slide. So number has come down.  The above Rs.5 Crore SMA, from Rs.14,000 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 8 of 24 
 
crores plus to Rs.5,700 crores. So that is a substantial reduction in the SMA book 
we have had. So as far as Asset Quality, percentage of Standard Advances to 
above Rs.5 crores is concerned, it is only 1.12%. And further if you see granular. 
So the SMA 2 number is only 0.24% of the total Standard Book. So that is number 
wherein we are very confident that we will be able to maintain our Asset Quality. 
And the overall SMA numbers in this ensuing half year will be coming down 
substantially. And this is in the backdrop of the fact that we have started our Zonal 
Collection Centres in the 69 Zones, wherein the Zonal staff is now moving to the 
Branches and also meeting the customers for collection. So, overall efficiency in 
the system, collection efficiency, has improved. Number one and number two, 
what we have started in this quarter is the eNACH mandates. So, eNACH 
mandates, especially in the retail loans, has helped the Bank substantially. And 
with this, we see that there is a substantial reduction as far as the SMA number in 
the retail book is concerned. So these two things will help the Bank in maintaining 
the Asset Quality and further reducing the slippages in the coming quarter of 
December and March.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Sir, we made good profit on selling to ARC. Are we continuing with that sale to 
ARC rather than, you know, relying on the other thing like going to NCLT and 
all that?   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Considering the NPA book we have, it's a holistic thing which we are doing. We 
are trying to do some transactions through ARCs. If it is making any sense to us 
where the sacrifice is low through the sale, definitely we will sell those assets to 
ARC. NCLT is another option which is always there wherever the resolution 
under NCLT comes. And we have also launched 4 very aggressive OTS schemes 
in the Bank, which includes for the accounts which we already have written off. 
So all these things put together, we are very confident that the recovery in the 
ensuing half year H2 of FY 24 will be quite robust.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 Thank you very much, Sir, for giving very elaborate, satisfying answers. I'll come 
back again and all the best to you.    
 
Ms. Kejal Tolia, Moderator: 
 
Moving up next we have a query from Shizuo. Over to you. 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 9 of 24 
 
 
Mr.Shizuo: 
 
Hi. Thanks so much. Sorry. I Joined in late. Just want to double check. We move 
to a new tax regime. And this new tax regime, 25% tax from the next quarter 
onwards. 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
From next quarter onwards our tax rate will be only 25%. In the new tax regime, 
we will be getting taxed at the rate of 25% as against 35%, which is there 
presently.  
 
Mr. Shizuo: 
 
We have done all the adjustments in the Deferred Tax Assets. And next quarter 
we can expect 25% tax rate. Is that right, Sir?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Yes. The accounting treatment on the Deferred Tax Assets we have given in this 
quarter.  So as on 30th September, we have already done.  This has been 
confirmed by the CFO. That is, the tax implication of DTA has already been done 
on 30th September. We have given in our Notes to Accounts in point no.24. 
 
Mr. Shizuo: 
 
So if I adjust for if I look at this quarter's numbers. And then if I use a 25% tax 
rate, the Return on Assets is somewhere close to be 1%. So just wondering, going 
forward, you know, what kind of ROA should we expect? Do we think that we 
can sustain this kind of near 1% ROA with a new tax rate?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Yes. As far as Return on Asset is concerned, if you see our numbers, our ROA 
was 0.47% in September 22, which has now improved to 0.67% in September 23. 
If you see on a half year basis, it was 0.38% in September, FY23 and now for the 
half year it is 0.68% in FY24. So both ways it has improved by 30 basis points in 
half year numbers and by another 30 points similarly on the half year of this Y-
o-Y number. So that is there. So as regards the guidance on the ROA, it should 
be at around 0.70% annualized basis in FY24.   

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 10 of 24 
 
 
Mr. Shizuo: 
 
Good. So  you know, that 0.70% annualised basis, that's assuming the new tax 
rate or, you know, does that adjust for new taxes? So what am I trying to get at 
is, you know, if I look at this quarter's number,  you know, if I just change the tax 
rate, it seems to be close to 1%. But our guidance is, you know, somewhere closer 
to 0.70%. Just wondering, what's the pressure on the ROA from here?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Yes. It will be at least 0.70%. This is what we are saying from the Management 
side. So it would be minimum 0.70%. This is what we are saying, today. 
 
Mr. Shizuo: 
 
That's all from me. Thanks so much. Thank you.  
 
Kejal Tolia, Moderator: 
 
Next in line we have Mr. Sushil C Choksey. Over to you, Sir.  
 
Shri Sushil Choksey: 
 
So you have answered most of my questions, but I would refer to your opening 
statement where you had a little doubt on the Treasury outlook. But looking at 
the Fed statement in the current week and the bond market today. Don't you think 
that India rates also will have a different outlook in coming days?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
No, it was not a negative outlook. On the Treasury side, only we tend to clarify 
the market situation which is there. See the hardening of interest rate which has 
taken place in US and Europe, number one, and the tight liquidity position which 
is there in India. So even today, if you see the data, the liquidity was negative by 
around Rs.75,000 crores, right? Shashi. That was the number yesterday. So that 
there is always tightness here presently in the market. So that is what we are trying 
to say. If you see the T-bill rate, if you compare the T-bill rate in India one year 
to the US bill rate. So if the differential as on March 22 was 3%, it has come down 
to 1.75% as on 31 March 23. And if you see the differential between the Repo 
Rate and the Fed rate, in September 22, it was 242 basis points. Now it has come 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 11 of 24 
 
down to 117 basis point only. So this differential coming down, what it will do is 
that the margins on the forex arbitrage that have reduced significantly for all the 
Banks in India. So the incomes which the banks were making by forex arbitrage, 
that arbitrage is not much there as on date with the books of the Treasuries. So 
that is one indication which I wanted to give in my opening statement, because 
of the tightening liquidity situations here in India and the lowering of the gap 
between the Fed rates and the Indian rates.  
 
Shri Sushil Choksey: 
 
Noted, Sir. Secondly, Sir, based on all your recoveries and measures for credit,  
your performance is not exactly conservative, based on number of sanctions you 
have done. The retail business you are putting a lot of thrust so that growth 
happens. Digitalization , you've already initiated and the current management has 
already spent six months of time together. So based on all the fundamental factors 
which are being put in place, are we being conservative or you would rather beat 
the guidance with a better performance?   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Sushil ji, it is always better to beat the guidance.  See fundamentally why we are 
saying 11% to 12% is that we are very much cognizant, as have been telling in 
all my Analysts Meet, that we want to protect our margins, we want to protect 
our Net Interest Income. So as I told earlier also, we are losing or we are leaving 
some of the deals wherein the rates are Repo rate or where the margins are very 
low. So we are trying to shift our book towards the mid corporate section. AAA 
rated borrowers where the margins are low, we are shedding some of the 
advances. Because of the repayment happening more, we are just able to get 
accretion in the credit and the credit growth we are targeting at 11% to 12%, 
which we are giving. So this is the kind of scenario which is there because of the 
protection of the NIM, which we want to give. So as you are already aware, the 
one year T-bill is at 7.15%, OIS of one year is also at 6.84%, C.D is going at 
7.70%. If you see the CP for NBFCs, for the 1 year, it is more than 8%. In this 
scenario, some of the AAA corporate still are asking at interest rate, which is 
around 7.25%, 7.50%. That is a rate which we do not want to give. So we are 
leaving some of the transactions which are there in the market in AAA, which are 
very fine rate and which may create negative margins in the coming years, in the 
long run. So that is why we are giving a guidance which is 11% to 12%, with a 
healthy NIM and a good asset quality. 
 
 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 12 of 24 
 
Shri Sushil Choksey: 
 
Noted. Second thing, Sir, on credit costs. What is your outlook? By the year end?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
If you see our credit costs, which was at 0.60% in September 22, it had gone up 
to 0.79% in March 23. So in Q1, we had brought it down to 0.64%. Now in this 
quarter, it is 0.54% only. If you see the half year, now it has improved to 0.58%. 
This is the credit cost which is there at present as far as the guidance is concerned. 
So we would be keeping it within 0.60% levels.  
 
Shri Sushil Choksey: 
 
So my last question in current round, would you raise equity in current year or 
you'll wait based on your current forecast? 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
As far as the equity is concerned, we will be raising equity of around Rs.2,500 
crores in this quarter itself. So that process is already on. We have already taken 
Board approval, as I had told last time, for Rs.4,500 crores to bring down the 
Government of India equity level to within 75%, which is the SEBI requirement 
also, for which our date is 1st August 2024. In this quarter, we'll be raising 
Rs.2,500 crores.  
 
Shri Sushil Choksey: 
 
Thank you and all thank you.  
 
Ms. Kejal Tolia, Moderator: 
 
Sir. Next in line we have Preeti. Ma'am, over to you.  
 
Ms. Preeti 
 
My question is on Opex for retail loans. Would you please share the steps taken 
to decrease the OPEX.  
 
 
 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 13 of 24 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
We have centralized many of the activities which are there on the asset side and 
the liability side, and also on the control system side. So this is some very 
significant activity which we have done to contain the Opex. As far as on the asset 
side, if you see our credit underwriting in Retail and Agriculture, there are now 
credit underwriting centres where the entire underwriting is taking place. So 
branches are only sourcing now the applications to these underwriting centres and 
these underwriting centres where compact team of credit officers is there, they 
are doing the underwriting, because of which there more volume is happening 
with few Credit Officers over there. The Opex has improved as far as the credit 
is concerned with this, typically Retail, Agriculture and MSME. If you see the 
Corporates, there are also we have concentrated the number of branches. So we 
have 10 Large Corporate Branches and 18 Emerging Corporate Credit Branches, 
where our proposals with respect to Corporate Credit will be handled. So there 
also we have created a specific team who will be handling the entire corporate 
credit book in these 28 branches.  
 
As regards the NPA, we already have 18 Asset Recovery Branches (ARBs) where 
we have transferred the entire  book of Rs.50 lakhs and above NPAs. Another 10 
branches we will be opening in this quarter, so there will be total 28 ARBs which 
will be now concentrating on around 80 to 85% of the NPA book of the Bank. So  
with all these measures, the most of the underwriting, number one and most of 
the recovery actions which we are now concentrating at around 400 offices in the 
bank, rather than 5,100 branches. With this, lot of Opex conservation of expenses 
we foeersee.  
 
And as regards to the Retail side also, similarly on the liability side, we are taking 
care of that also. And earlier, most of the branches were accepting bulk deposits. 
Now, we have reduced the number of bulk deposit taking branches to only around 
100 plus. So that also we have reduced. As regards to the Audit side also, the 
number of audit offices which are there, the number of Officers who are doing 
Audit, we have centralized and kept at one place through which we are trying to 
control the Opex. That is one part. The next part is with respect to the 
digitalization . A lot of journeys with respect to the asset and liability now we are 
taking through the digitalization  process. Fresh sanctions are happening through 
the digitalization  process. Number one. Saving accounts are also getting opened 
through the digital channel. Number two.  And number three, on the asset side, 
the renewals in case of Mudra loans and other loans, MSME loans and even the 
Agri loans that is taking place through the digital channel. So a lot of Staff at the 
field level is getting freed because of this digitalization  exercise. And a lot of 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 14 of 24 
 
Opex is getting freed and a lot of Opex in the ensuing quarters will be coming 
down because of all these actions, which we have taken in the last six months.  
 
Ms. Preeti: 
 
Okay. Thank you sir.  
 
Moderator: 
To take the question from the line of Mr. Marsal.  
 
Shri Marsal: 
 
So my first question, while continuing this last question itself, it's like a very good 
action taken regarding this cost optimization and centralizing efforts, but we need 
to see it in terms of saving. Unfortunately, in the PPT, there is no slide which 
shows about about our headcount. Generally all big corporates, and banks give. 
How is the headcount faring? We have only one slide which says about branches. 
So I can see that during this quarter five branches we have added. We all 
understand that employee cost is going up. We all understand that we have made 
growth and because of the employee increment whatever coming as per the 
Agreement to be entered with the Union. I'm not saying this one. We cannot just 
reduce salary. I'm not asking you reducing salary, what we must do, considering 
the centralizing, good centralized effort already taken by your bank, plus 
digitalization . I think we need to utilize this free employee for the new 
assignment. Like whenever you open any branch or like in our subsidiary or joint 
venture, we need to depute them there so that our cost reduces because we can 
see that our employee cost has drastically increased. Similarly, our other expense 
also increased by Rs.70 crore as compared to the corresponding part of last year. 
So can you please explain on this one that going forward can we have this slide 
on the headcount also in the PPT and also that like how effectively or how many 
headcount we already utilize for other jobs or for other assignment during the 
quarter?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
As regards the increase in the staff cost, let me clarify that there has been no 
drastic increase in the staff cost. Number one. If you see whatever the increase in 
the staff cost is there for Bank of India, that is in line with the industry numbers. 
Typically, if you see the public sector numbers and the increase in staff costs in 
the public sector banks, it is in line with that. It is not beyond that. It is well within 
that. That is number one, which I would like to clarify over here. Number two, as 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 15 of 24 
 
regards the wage revision, which is there. So the last 11th Bi-partite settlement 
which happened was at a load factor of 15%. Against that load factor, we have 
already started making provisions in each quarter. So we are making a provision 
keeping that base at 15%. That is the second part. Number three, if you see that 
the channels for delivery for us, for customer service and otherwise, 5,157 is only 
the number of branches. Beyond that, we have 8,000 plus ATM and CRM 
machines and also 18,000 plus Business Correspondents. So these are the total 
points from where we are giving the customer service. So when we say that we 
have done centralization of many of our activities, both on the asset side, the 
liability side and also on the control and the support side, the staff, which is 
getting freed at the branches and other offices. They are now being getting utilized 
for marketing more products. Number one. For garnering more saving accounts, 
for more current accounts, for retail term deposits. If you see the overall balance 
sheet of the Bank and see the total, the liability side of the bank, only 12% of our 
total deposits is bulk deposit and 88% of our total deposit is retail deposit. That 
is the biggest asset for the bank. And this is the strength of Bank of India, out of 
which 44% of our deposit is CASA deposit. So the staff at the branches are giving 
customer service, the staff which is free at the branches because of the 
underwriting, they are giving better customer service. They are marketing all 
kinds of products, which includes loan products, which includes deposit products, 
which include third party products like selling of mutual fund, insurance and other 
things. And we are very cognizant of the fact that we have to improve the 
customer service, increase our customer base. Already we have a 11 crore 
customer base in the Bank. So for catering to this large customer base which we 
have, these number of staff are required at these branches and all these channels 
are there for utilizing those services. Thank you. 
 
Shri Marsal: 
 
Sir, thank you for this reply and what I am requesting and what it should be 
ideally, as a professional corporate approach, we need to see this thing in terms 
of delta, that how many staff were relieved from their existing job and like which 
new job they were reassigned and how many hiring of new headcount was 
avoided because of this internal reshuffling of the team. So if we can see this 
otherwise, Sir, like you are sitting at the helm of the affairs. At the ground level, 
recently I had visited one of the branch of Bank of India, like so I could see that  
how many staff were there and what kind of service I was there and, literally I 
have to tell you. So I'm not going to this detail. I'm only requesting that in the 
PPT if you could kindly include a slide in the next time showing the number of 
headcount and all our like delivery channels, all this ATM and other plus hiring 
of how many new headcount was avoided because of this shifting of - like 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 16 of 24 
 
centralizing and so.  By this, we can see that this is the operational efficiency. 
Otherwise it becomes a generic statement. Sir, this is number one.   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Okay. Yes. To reply specifically, we have noted your suggestion. It is a very good 
suggestion. In the December Analyst presentation, we will put one slide 
specifically on this. The numbers on the H.R, which we have as regards the 
specific allocation to the zones. And you can directly get in touch with our CGM 
H.R. Mr. Rajesh Ingle for further details, he will be giving you the specific details 
of the staff which has been deployed at the zones and the branches, and also the 
Zonal Offices, NBG offices. 
 
Shri Marsal: 
  
Thank you, Sir. Let me supplement here. We have also worked in the corporate 
for so many number of years. And we could see that every year we have to make,  
each department was supposed to make, one slide on the operational efficiency, 
including this point where we have to really crystallize the number and put the 
number there so that the Management can see it. So this is what I'm saying we do 
not want like general thing in the PPT.  Because Sir like your commentary was 
fantastic, fabulous and we really appreciate but like on the expenses part, what I 
can say from my own experience is that each Branch has to nominate the service. 
Like, the saving we have done in the operational efficiency and in the Bank, the 
main cost is employee and the rent. Rent is stable like we cannot do much 
employee we cannot fire, but employee we can utilize better. So in terms of that, 
it has to be translated into numbers. That's my only request. It can take one month 
or, two but we still have three months to go for our next Analyst Meet. So if our 
Mr. Rajesh can take some proactive action or some action giving the 
accountability to each branch in terms of that. Like they have to save this much 
on for example operations including employee. So I think this will really help us 
to reduce our cost or to avoid the new hirings.  
 
  
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Yes. your point is well-taken. So let me just clarify from the Bank side again that 
whatever details that you are saying, these details we already do and make a 
presentation to our Board on a regular basis on a quarterly basis. Beyond that, we 
have a Strategy Meet of the Board twice a year. In that also we make a detailed 
presentation.  Only the thing is that we don't place this to the Analyst presentation 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 17 of 24 
 
because of the paucity of the slides, because in one slide you cannot capture all 
these things. It needs at least 5 to 10 slides for to understand the entire gamut of 
the thing. But your point is well-taken. We'll try to put some specific slide in the 
next quarter.  
 
Shri Marsal: 
 
Thank you Sir. My second question was regarding this Income Tax rate. So 
Income Tax rate like during this previous question it was clarified that we have 
made provision of Rs.1,460 crores DTA reversal we have done in this quarter. So 
because of that, our tax rate is 50%. It is well understood Sir. We will fully agree. 
But something is still there because in the Q1 also our tax rate was 48%. So if I 
take my half yearly rate, my half yearly rate is coming in 49%. So then if we have 
taken DTA full in this quarter, as the note says, so then why in the Q1 our tax rate 
was  48%.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
So in the Q1 and Q2. See, we had already started making up our mind that we 
will go for the new tax regime in this financial year. So for that reason, in Q1 
also, we had taken a higher tax number. As you rightly calculated, it is around 
47% of the pre-tax profit.  This quarter. It is nearly 50% of that. So let me further 
clarify to you. Had we not gone to the new tax regime in this quarter, our profit 
would have been around Rs.2,150 crore. So since we went to the new tax regime, 
it has come down to Rs.1,458 crores. Otherwise, we would have shown a profit 
of around Rs.2,150 crores in this quarter itself.   
 
Shri Marsal: 
And regarding NIM, like a 3% NIM overall is fine. But Sir, I just noticed one 
point in our overseas NIM. Sir, in the overseas market, our NIM is currently 
1.22%. Let me give a humble input here. This kind of NIM used to be there two 
years before. Before the Fed started to increase this rate and so on. But like now, 
since the US Fed has increased the rate to 5% plus and so on. Now Sir, no 
commercial bank is doing business in 1% because we also have some colleague 
working overseas who give us this kind of general discussion that the banks are 
charging 8% plus there which was never the rate before, for example. So my 
second point is that the main reason for our lower NIM is just because of the 
Overseas NIM which is only 1.22% during the September quarter. So what action 
we are taking like to increase the NIM of overseas advances.  
 
 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 18 of 24 
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
We are also charging at healthy rate. But overall NIM if you see on the quarter 
two is 1.22%. But if you see on a half year basis it is 1.29% the overseas NIM. 
Because as you are already aware, because of the hardening of rates in the 
international markets and the resources which we are able to raise from the 
international markets also has gone up because of which the NIMs have gone 
down. This is not a situation for Bank of India alone. It is for other banks also. 
The NIM has gone down substantially in overseas numbers.  
 
Moderator: 
 
Next in line we have Mr. Mundra. So you may now proceed.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Hi, Sir. Good afternoon, and thanks for the opportunity. And congratulations on 
good set of numbers. I have a few questions, Sir. First is on Yield on Advances, 
which has gone up from 8.10% to 8.54%, which is like 44 basis point increase. I 
don't understand, how the yields can move up by 44 basis point in one quarter.  
So if you can explain.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
As regards Yield on Advances, if you see that our Yield on Advances was 7.21% 
in September 22, which improved to 8.10% in June 23. And you rightly said it is 
now 8.54% in September 23. If you see the half year number, it was 6.90% in 
September, half year of 22. It has improved to 8.32% in half year of FY 23. So if 
you see the MCLR of the Bank, on September 22, our 1 year MCLR was 7.70%, 
so it has increased to 8.75% as on September 23. So the increase in MCLR is 
1.05% on a Y-o-Y basis. If you see our EBLR, which is the Repo linked rate 
external benchmark, it was only 8.25% in September 22. It is presently, as on 
30th September, 9.25%. Here also the incremental increase is 100 basis points. 
So, on the MCLR side 105 basis point and on the EBLR side is with 100 basis 
point. So what has happened is the re-pricing. The increase in the interest rates 
are also getting repriced on a monthly basis. So what we see in the book presently 
here is that all our MCLR linked loans have been now repriced over the last 12 
months. So because of which the yields are improving, this is the simple reason 
that the yield has improved from 8.10% to 8.54% and some of the low yielding 
advances which we had done earlier, wherein they were linked to Repo rate or 
very fine rates, which were short term loans, we have shed them. So because of 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 19 of 24 
 
which, if you see that not only our advances increased, but also the NIMs have 
improved.  Advances have improved to be more specific. 
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
All right. But, Sir, is this only due to loan mix change? And I mean, what 
happened in this quarter? You know, MCLR repricing has been coming has been 
happening for the last four quarters. And, you know, this quarter we have seen 44 
basis point rise.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
So let me explain further. Yield on Advances. There is another function of the 
NPA in that. So if you see our fresh NPAs, which is happening, which is now 
coming down, because of which the earning assets are more now with the Bank. 
With more earning assets, definitely the Yield on Advances is going up. If you 
have more NPAs during the quarter, fresh slippages are more, the earning assets 
come down and the Yield on Advances also come down. So that is a simple 
mathematics which is there. So that is one part. And other part is that if you see 
the Repo rate.  Repo rate on 30th September, 22 was 5.9%. Now, as on 30th 
September 23, the Repo is 6.50%, wherein the incremental increase is only 60 
basis point and on the MCLR side and on EBLR side, our increase has been 105 
basis point and 100 basis point, respectively. So all these things are helping the 
Bank to maintain the margins, which is the NIMs, improve our Net Interest 
Income. And finally, also the Yield on Advances is better.   
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Right. And, Sir, if I may ask, what is the recovery from NPA account, which 
could have gone to interest on advances in this quarter? And was that a significant 
amount versus last quarter?   
 
Shri B. Kumar, GM & CFO: 
 
There is a total recovery in written off account is of Rs.599 crore, out of which 
Rs.560 crores has came in cash recovery and balance Rs.39 crore is coming to 
interest income.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 20 of 24 
 
Okay, so only Rs.39 crore has gone in, right? So that is not a significant amount. 
Yes. Okay. So you believe that this kind of a yield  uptick that we saw at least 
some part should flow through in coming quarters or that may not be the case 
going ahead.   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
We maintain that. So if you are asking specifically about Yield on Advances, it 
will be maintained. We will be maintaining the Yield on Advances. Just see rate 
of interest is going up only now. This month also we increased the MCLR by 5 
basis points. So now our one year MCLR is 8.75%.   So it is in the increasing 
Trend. The RBI formula is very simple on the calculation of MCLR, the marginal 
cost of lending increases when the marginal cost of funds increases, our cost of 
deposit is going up on a month on month basis, because of which the MCLR will 
also increase. So we are passing it on. The transmission is happening. So 
definitely we will be able to protect our Yield on Advances.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Okay. And what is the Bank's policy in terms of recovery. So first it gets to other 
income in terms of fee, NII  and then principal. Or what is the waterfall for NPA 
recovery. 
 
Shri M Karthikeyan, Executive Director: 
 
The first, when the recovery comes, it goes to the other charges, all the charges  
the fees of lawyers and other charges for recovery. And then interest and then 
only it goes to the principal.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Okay. Understood, Sir.  And Sir, then I have a question on your  divergence 
portfolio. Last year that we had some, you know, four accounts were doing 
reasonably well and we had decent provisions there. If you can update what is the 
exposure now and what is the provisions that we are holding on to those four 
accounts. And, you know, what can we expect in the rest of the financial year?  
 
Shri B. Kumar, GM & CFO: 
 
My request is to refer to our Notes to Account number 12 where we have written 
what is our provision on 07.06.2019 RBI Circular. And last time we got a 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 21 of 24 
 
divergence on account of this 07.06.2019 circular on Standard Accounts 
provisioning. As per the circular guidelines, certain accounts provisions are 
reversed and certain accounts provisions are kept in the same manner. 
Accordingly, we clearly mentioned that as of now, we hold the provisioning of 
Rs.2,438.96 crores in respect of 23 borrower accounts and this current quarter we 
have added Rs.302.73 crores additional provisioning. So this is the present status. 
It is clearly mentioned in Notes to Account of number 12.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Understood. Thank you. And Sir, if you can give the total SMA for the Bank 
including below Rs.5 crores accounts. Also we earlier used to give. But if you 
can give for September SMA zero, one and two for the all Bank including below 
Rs. 5 crores.   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Okay. We'll share it separately with you.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
 
Sure. And the last question is we earlier had a guidance of 30% growth in 
operating earnings. So we are doing reasonably well on NIMs. Growth has picked 
up.  But at the same time Opex cost has also gone up a little bit and probably it 
will remain elevated. So are you comfortable in still maintaining 30% Y-o-Y 
growth on Operating Profit? That would mean mathematically, that we had 
Rs.13,000 crores of PPOP last year and we are at Rs.3,800 crore run rate, which 
would mean that the run rate will go up to Rs.5,000 crores. Mean does that look 
realistic at this point of time?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Considering the fact that cost of deposits is going up. Definitely the operating 
profit is under pressure for all the banks, not only for Bank of India. So the 
operating profit growth for FY23 was 34%, and for Q2 FY24, it was around 35%. 
But overall for the financial year, the operating profit guidance, we are giving a 
13% to 15%.  
 
Shri Jay Mundhra: 
Okay. Understood, Sir.  Most of my questions have been answered, Sir. Thank 
you so much for your answers.  

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 22 of 24 
 
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Thank you for giving this opportunity again. I have a couple of questions and 
some data points. Sir, we have touched upon that revision in the, family pension,  
and wage revision.  In case of wage revision, our total provision, including of this 
quarter, is Rs.643 crores, so far. And you said about 15% will be this thing. So 
what will be the balance amount, estimated balance liability on this account of 
wage revision?   
 
Shri B. Kumar, GM & CFO: 
 
Actually this particular provisioning is coming into effect only from 1st November 
2022 onwards. Kindly refer to Notes to Accounts point number 9. We have 
clearly mentioned that the proposed Bi-partite Agreement on the wage revision, 
with effect from 1st November 2022, Bank has made an estimated provision. It 
is only on estimated basis every quarter till that wage revision effect happens, the 
settlement happens. We are estimating on a quarterly basis and we are keeping 
this provisioning accordingly from 1st November 2022. As on 30th September 
2023, we are holding around Rs.643 crores provision in our books. If you ask for 
this particular quarter, we have kept Rs.189 crores provisioning for 30th 
September. So this will continue till the wage settlement happens. Once the 
settlement happens, we will stop keeping this provision. We are estimating on a 
15% basis.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
That is okay. I have also read the note number nine. So I just wanted that whether 
this trend of Rs.190 crores per quarter will continue till you say that the final 
decision will be taken, isn't it?  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Yes. Correct.  This wage revision talks are already on.  So till the time they get 
concluded and a final number is arrived, we will be continuing to make this 
provision on a QoQ basis.  
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
Yes, Sir. Point well-taken Sir. This resolution of stressed assets. Note number 12.  
There the total outstanding amount is Rs.7,304 crores and the provision is 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 23 of 24 
 
Rs.2,438.96 crores. Think so. Any idea, approximately how much amount 
generally gets slipped from the stressed assets, as per our experience.   
 
Shri B. Kumar, GM & CFO: 
 
Sir. Actually, this 07.06.2019 RBI circular is only requirement applicable to 
above Rs.1500 crores advance accounts. It's only a provision. We keep it till 
viable resolutions happens. If you are having  100 cases, hardly 1 or 2 cases  slips.   
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
So let me further supplement what our CFO has said about this 07.06.2019 
circular. We have to provide based on the industry guidelines. Right. And these 
accounts are not the sole banking account. These are all industry accounts 
wherein other lenders are there. Typically public sector and private sector lenders 
are there.  Only when the SMA appears in the CRILIC Report  we have to make 
a provision and go through that process and all other things. So normally what 
happens is the waiting period is 180 days as per our guidelines. If in this 180 days, 
no resolution is required by way of restructuring or anything, and the automatic 
cure takes place in these 180 days, then Bank with the understanding with the 
Central Auditors, we are able to reverse this provision. So this provision keeps 
on coming in the books of the bank at the end of the quarter. So some accounts 
come into that provision and some accounts go out of that provision. So this is a 
regular exercise which goes on quarter on quarter basis in all the Bank's balance 
sheets.   
 
Shri Ashok Ajmera: 
 
Yes, sir. Thank you.   
 
Ms. Kejal Tolia, Moderator: 
 
As there are no further questions, I would like to hand the conference over to Shri 
Rajneesh Karnatak for closing comments.  
 
Shri Rajneesh Karnatak, MD & CEO: 
 
Well, thank you for everything and thank you to all the Analysts who have joined 
today for their good questions and hope we have responded them. And further, if 
any clarification is required, we are open to that. You can give your query by mail 

 
 
November 09, 2023 
 
Classification: Public 
Page 24 of 24 
 
or through phone call. We will be responding to those queries. Thank you so 
much and wishing you all a very happy Diwali.  
 
Ms. Kejal Tolia, Moderator: 
 
Thank you Sir for the insights. Also, on behalf of Bank of India, I announce that 
this Conference concludes. Thank you for joining us. 
