 
ICICI Bank Limited 
ICICI Bank Towers 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 051, India. 
Tel.: (91-22) 2653 1414
Fax: (91-22) 2653 1122 
Website www.icicibank.com 
CIN.: L65190GJ1994PLC021012 
Regd. Office: ICICI Bank Tower,
Near Chakli Circle, 
Old Padra Road 
Vadodara 390007. India 
 
 
 
 
October 27, 2023 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 051
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Please find attached the transcripts of the Call with Media and of Earnings Call with analysts 
and investors on the financial results for the quarter and six months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
The same has also been uploaded on the website of the Bank and can be accessed at the below 
links: 
 
Sr. 
No 
Particulars 
Link
1. 
Transcript of the Media 
Conference Call 
https://www.icicibank.com/about-us/article/interaction-
with-media-on-icici-banks-financial-performance-in-the-
quarter-ended-september-30-2023 
 
2. 
Transcript of the Earnings 
Call with Analysts and 
Investors 
 
 
https://www.icicibank.com/about-us/qfr 
 
 
 
This is for your records and information. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
For ICICI Bank Limited 
 
 
 
Vivek Ranjan 
Assistant General Manager 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
Copy to-   
      (i) 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)
(ii) 
Singapore Stock Exchange 
(iii) 
Japan Securities Dealers Association
(iv) 
SIX Swiss Exchange Ltd.
 
VIVEK 
RANJAN
Digitally signed by VIVEK 
RANJAN 
DN: cn=VIVEK RANJAN, o, ou, 
email=vivek.r@icicibank.com, 
c=IN 
Date: 2023.10.27 16:33:40 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 17 
 
ICICI Bank Limited 
Media conference call for quarter ended September 30, 2023 
on October 21, 2023 
 
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia 
concerning our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking 
statements intended to qualify for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws 
including the US Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking 
statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, 
international economic and business conditions; political or economic instability in the 
jurisdictions where we have operations, increase in non-performing loans, unanticipated 
changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, 
our growth and expansion in business, the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, 
the actual growth in demand for banking products and services, investment income, cash 
flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in India’s sovereign rating, as 
well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on 
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank 
undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or 
circumstances after the date thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future 
operating results are more fully described in our filings with the United States Securities 
and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at www.sec.gov.  
This release does not constitute an offer of securities. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Ladies and gentlemen, we welcome you all to ICICI Bank's results conference call with  
Mr. Sandeep Batra, Executive Director, ICICI Bank and Mr. Anindya Banerjee, Group Chief 
Financial Officer, ICICI Bank. Mr. Batra will now give you an overview of the results, which 
will be followed by a Q&A session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 

 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you all for joining us today. Good evening everyone. Joining me today for this call 
is our Group Chief Financial Officer- Anindya Banerjee. Thank you all for joining us today.  
The Indian economy continued to be resilient amidst the uncertainties in the global 
environment. This has been enabled by effective and forward looking policies and actions 
by the government and other authorities. The underlying growth momentum is visible 
with expansion in manufacturing and services PMI, real estate buoyancy, increasing steel 
and cement output, higher tax collections and rising demand for travel. The Government 
led capex cycle is continuing. Though there has been a pause in the policy rate hike cycle 
in India, global and domestic inflation, and the liquidity and rate environment continue to 
evolve.  
Our strategic focus continues to be on growing our core operating profit less provisions 
i.e. profit before tax excluding treasury through the 360-degree customer centric 
approach, and by serving opportunities across ecosystems and micro markets. We 
continue to operate within our strategic framework and strengthen our franchise, 
enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand our technology and digital 
offerings. 
Our Board has today approved the financial results of ICICI Bank for the quarter ended 
September 30, 2023. I would like to highlight some key numbers. First of all we talk about 
profit and capital. 
A. Profit and capital 
1. Core operating profit less provisions, that is, profit before tax excluding treasury, 
grew by 35.7% year-on-year to ₹ 13,731 crore in Q2-2024 
2. Core operating profit grew by 21.7% year-on-year to ₹ 14,314 crore in Q2-2024; 
excluding dividend income from subsidiaries/associates, core operating profit 
grew by 22.9% year-on-year in Q2-2024 
3. Net interest income increased by 23.8% year-on-year to ₹ 18,308 crore in Q2-
2024 
4. The net interest margin was 4.53% in Q2-2024 compared to 4.78% in Q1-2023 
and 4.31% in Q2-2023. Net interest margin was 4.65% in H1-2023 
5. Fee income grew by 16.2% year-on-year to ₹ 5,204 crore in Q2-2024 
6. The profit after tax grew by 35.8% year-on-year to ₹ 10,261 crore in Q2-2024 

 
Page 3 of 17 
 
7. The consolidated profit after tax grew by 36.1% year-on-year to ₹ 10,896 crore 
in Q2-2024  
8. The standalone RoE was 19.1% in Q2-2024 
9. At September 30, 2023, the Bank had a net worth over ₹ 2.1 lakh crore. Including 
profits for H1-2024, CET-1 ratio was 16.77%, Tier 1 ratio was 16.86% and total 
capital adequacy ratio was 17.59% 
 
B.  Deposit growth 
1. Total period-end deposits increased by 18.8% year-on-year to ₹ 12,94,742 crore 
at September 30, 2023 
2. Period-end term deposits increased by 31.8% year-on-year to ₹ 7,67,112 crore at 
September 30, 2023. Period-end term deposits increased by ₹ 64,601 crore in Q2-
2024  
3. Average current account deposits increased by 14.0% year-on-year 
4. Average savings account deposits increased by 4.5% year-on-year 
5. The Bank opened 174 branches during Q2-2024, 634 branches in the last 12 
months and had a network of 6,248 branches and 16,927 ATMs and cash 
recycling machines at September 30, 2023 
6. The Bank added about 4,000 employees in Q2-2024 and about 29,000 employees 
in the last 12 months and had about 1,39,000 employees at September 30, 2023. 
Moving to loan growth.  
 
C.  Loan growth  
1. The domestic loan portfolio grew by 19.3% year-on-year and 4.8% sequentially 
at September 30, 2023  
2. The retail loan portfolio grew by 21.4% year-on-year and 5.5% sequentially. 
Including non-fund outstanding, the retail loan portfolio was 46.0% of the total 
portfolio. The business banking portfolio grew by 30.3% year-on-year and 10.6% 
sequentially. The SME business, comprising borrowers with a turnover of less than 
250 crore Rupees, grew by 29.4% year-on-year and 7.2% sequentially. The rural 
portfolio grew by 17.3% year-on-year and 3.5% sequentially. Growth in the 
domestic corporate portfolio was 15.3% year-on-year and 3.1% sequentially at 
September 30, 2023 
 

 
Page 4 of 17 
 
3. 71.3% of the total loan portfolio, excluding, retail and rural, was rated A- and 
above at September 30, 2023 
Moving on to our digital initiatives. 
 
D. Digital initiatives  
1. Leveraging digital and technology across businesses is a key element of our 
strategy of growing the risk-calibrated core operating profit. We continue to see 
increasing adoption and usage of our digital platforms by our customers. 
2. There have been more than one crore activations of iMobile Pay by non-ICICI Bank 
account holders at end-September 2023.  
3. The Merchant STACK offers an array of banking and value-added services to 
retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms such as digital current 
account opening, instant overdraft facilities based on point-of-sale transactions, 
connected banking services and digital store management, among others. 
4. The value of the Bank’s merchant acquiring transactions through UPI grew by 
69.5% year-on-year and 13.9% sequentially in Q2-2024. The Bank had a market 
share of about 30% by value in electronic toll collections through FASTag in Q2-
2024, with a 15.4% year-on-year growth in collections. 
5. The Bank has created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide 
bespoke and purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their 
ecosystems. The Bank’s Trade Online and Trade Emerge platforms allow 
customers to perform most of their trade finance and foreign exchange 
transactions digitally. The Banks’ digital solutions integrate the export transaction 
lifecycle with bespoke solutions providing frictionless experience to our clients and 
simplify customer journeys. During the quarter, ICICI Bank participated in the 
industry first trade finance transaction using blockchain-powered technology by 
transforming the time consuming, paper intensive cross border trade to a real time 
electronic Bill of Lading in a trusted and secure environment. About 71% of trade 
transactions were done digitally in Q2-2024. The volume of transactions done 
through Trade Online and Trade Emerge platforms in Q2-2024 grew by 29.7% 
year-on-year. 
 
 

 
Page 5 of 17 
 
E.  Asset Quality 
1. 
The net NPA ratio was 0.43% at September 30, 2023, compared to 0.48% at June 
30, 2023 and 0.61% at September 30, 2022 
2. 
During Q2-2024, there were net additions to gross NPAs of ₹ 116 crore 
3. 
The gross NPA additions were ₹ 4,687 crore in Q2-2024. Recoveries and 
upgrades of NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were ₹ 4,571 crore in Q2-2024 
4. 
The gross NPAs written off were ₹ 1,922 crore in Q2-2024 
5. 
There was sale of NPAs worth ₹ 179 crore in the current quarter 
6. 
The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs was 82.6% at September 30, 2023 
7. 
The total fund based outstanding to all borrowers under resolution as per the 
various extant regulations declined to ₹ 3,536 crore or 0.3% of total advances at 
September 30, 2023 from ₹ 3,946 crore at June 30, 2023. The Bank holds 
provisions amounting to ₹ 1,107 crore against these borrowers under resolution, 
as of September 30, 2023 
8. 
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing borrowers rated BB and 
below was ₹ 4,789 crore at September 30, 2023 compared to ₹ 4,276 crore at 
June 30, 2023 
9. The total provisions during the quarter were ₹ 583 crore, or 4.1% of core operating 
profit and 0.2% of average advances. The Bank continues to hold contingency 
provisions of ₹ 13,100 crore at September 30, 2023 
Going forward, we will continue to operate within our strategic framework while focusing 
on micro markets and ecosystems. The principles of “Return of Capital”, “Fair to 
Customer, Fair to Bank” and “One Bank, One Team, One RoE” will guide our operations. 
We focus on building a culture where every employee in the Bank serves customers with 
humility and upholds the values of brand ICICI. We aim to be the trusted financial services 
provider of choice for our customers and deliver sustainable returns to our shareholders. 
With this, I conclude my opening remarks. I will be happy to take your questions. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the Q&A session with Mr. Batra and Mr. 
Banerjee. Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star and ‘1’ on the telephone. 
If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and ‘2’. 
Today's announcement is on the Banks' financial performance. Hence, we would like to 

 
Page 6 of 17 
 
request you to ask questions related to that. Please write to the corporate 
communications team separately for any other queries. Due to time constraints, I request 
all of you to ask two questions at a time. If you have additional queries, you may join the 
queue again. Thank you. The first question is from the line of Vishwanath Nair from BQ 
Prime. Please go ahead. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
 
Good Afternoon, Mr. Batra. The question I had was with regards to the gross additions 
to NPAs during the quarter. After a while, I've seen a positive addition net to the gross 
NPA of about ₹ 116 crore. The number is marginal, but still, the fact that you have lost 
the business habit that exceeded your recoveries and write-offs. If this was just a one-
off, or are you expecting any more? The second question I have was with regard to your 
unsecured retail portfolio. The numbers are not given in the press statement, but we just 
wanted to get a sense as to what the asset quality outlook on that is, considering that 
the regulator is raising this issue at a press conference. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you Vishwanath. I think I will just reiterate the numbers as far as the NPA 
movement is concerned. We had a gross additions of about ₹ 4,600 crore. This is lower 
than previous quarter of ₹ 5,300 crore. Within that, the corporate and SME was a small 
amount of ₹ 323 crore and retail and rural was about ₹ 4,364 crore. During the quarter, 
the numbers are slightly lower because of the seasonality on the rural businesses. Q2 is 
normally lower and you would have noticed that the numbers were slightly higher in the 
first quarter. In terms of recoveries, the corporate and SME book, we had a recovery of 
about ₹1,500 crore and the retail and rural and business banking was about ₹ 3,000 
crore and that is how the total leads to about ₹ 116 crore. So, we continue to monitor it. 
It is a significantly low number. As far as recoveries are concerned, I think it's very difficult 
to give an outlook. We continue to focus on, building a quality book as far as the current 
portfolio is concerned and, wherever opportunities come from the written-off book, etc. 
We take steps to sort of recover them. But that's an ongoing journey.  
Your second questions is on the unsecured NPAs. The unsecured portfolio comprises of 
personal loans and credit card portfolio and it's about 13.3% of our total portfolio. The 
CF portfolio has increased by about 40% year-on-year and about 10.2% sequentially, 

 
Page 7 of 17 
 
while for credit cards, the same has increased by about 30% year-on-year and 6.2% 
sequentially. So it has been built with our core principles of return of capital and 
harnessing ecosystems and, I think we have been saying this for a lot of time. For us, the 
customer is more important than the product and, most of the increases have been for 
portfolios where there have been existing relationships. Almost 85% of the portfolio 
comprises salaried employees with customers being employed with the reputed 
corporates, MNCs, government entities, PSUs, defence, etc. All of them having a largely 
stable income. So, we keep monitoring the personal loan and credit card portfolio that 
are sub-segment level, to identify possible risk buildups. Based on the current overdue 
trends, the CIBIL distribution, the delinquency levels of the portfolio are all within the 
defined risk threshold. We have continued to monitor these developments in the job 
market for any identifiable weaknesses and leverages that have been built up. I think you 
rightly pointed out that both from a regulator and analyst and research report have 
indicated a slightly higher risk in unsecured portfolio, especially on the personal loan. 
However, the risk buildup is happening in segments in low-ticket size, which is ₹ 50,000 
and below, where affordability and the repayment capacity might be constrained. As far 
as the Bank is concerned, we do not have any meaningful presence in this segment. 
Another indicator of this buildup is the number of live unsecured loans, which are being 
serviced by borrowers, wherein the Bank may take necessary steps by restricting 
origination of such customers. As far as we are concerned, we will continue to monitor 
these portfolios and give loans only to customers, which fall within our risk thresholds. 
And that is a strategy we have been articulating for a long period of time. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
 
 
Apologies, I did not get the amount, what you said, the segment where the risk is 
emanating? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, there is no risk. I was talking of the risk emanating from a larger industry perspective. 
So as far as our portfolio is concerned, we have got a pretty stable trend. If you see the 
personal loan book is about ₹ 1 lakh crore as of September 30 and a credit card 
outstanding is about ₹ 43,000 crore and, I gave out the increase, which has happened 
during the current quarter. So we are quite happy with the quality of the portfolio that 

 
Page 8 of 17 
 
we are doing. As you are aware, we have got a very tight provisioning policy. In case 
there is a delinquency or any overdue, which gets built up, it starts impacting, we ensure 
that it is written off pretty fast. 
Vishwanath Nair: 
 
 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Joel Rebello from Economics Times. 
Please go ahead. 
Joel Rebello:  
I just want to clarify. You said your personal loan portfolio is ₹ 1 lakh crore and credit 
card is ₹ 33,000 crore? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
No, no, credit card is ₹ 43,230 crore to be precise. Personal loan is ₹ 1,04,428 crore. 
Joel Rebello: 
 
Okay, first question is about your slippage. If you could give us more colour, for example, 
I don't know what was the gross additions or net addition to NPA one year ago, how is 
the trend been for you all?  I know you've given some details on, with the most of it is 
coming from retail and agri but some more colour on the slippage and what you expect? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
In addition to what I've already said, I'll probably give you a colour of what happened in 
Q2 2023. The net additions in Q2 2023 were about ₹ 600 odd crore. In Q2 2024, the net 
addition has been just about ₹ 116 crore. So that's a very small number given the size of 
our balance sheet. The gross additions during the quarter were ₹ 4,687 crore. The 
recoveries were ₹ 4,571 crore. Amongst the recoveries, the retail recovery was about ₹ 
3,000 crore, and corporate and SMEs were ₹ 1,500 crore. So if you're talking about the 
slippages, the retail and rural, there was a slippage of about ₹ 4,300 crore. This is in 
comparison with about ₹ 5,072 crore in the previous quarter and about ₹ 3,600 in the Q2 

 
Page 9 of 17 
 
2023. So the numbers are fairly good in the overall context and we continue to monitor 
this very carefully. 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
Just to add, if we were to look at it kind of on a sequential basis, the retail, SME, business 
banking, NPA addition has been stable to marginally lower. On the rural side, as you are 
given, because the NPL classification is linked to due dates related to the cropping cycle, 
typically we see the NPL formation only in the first and third quarters of the year. So in 
the current quarter, there has been very little. And on the corporate side, we have not 
been seeing really any NPL formation to speak of. In the current quarter, relative to the 
previous quarter, we had significant recoveries and upgrades on the corporate portfolio, 
which is why on an overall basis compared to net addition to gross NPL of about ₹ 1,800 
crore in the first quarter, in this quarter it has come down to only ₹ 116 crore. 
Joel Rebello: 
 
My second question is with regards to digital banking. The RBI has very recently stopped 
the PSU bank from onboarding new customers on the digital app. This is one of the 
actions that the RBI has taken, they have taken more action previously. Do you think, 
that there could be a change in the way you all do digital onboarding, digital banking, 
because of this? Do you think there has to be some kind of regulation?  Your thoughts on 
what could be the impact of this? Whether you all will have to relook at how you all do 
your business on the digital side. 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
This is not really related to the Q2 numbers. But we do keep testing our own apps from 
a security angle and we continue to focus on the cyber security and want to ensure that 
our customers are always comfortable in using our app and we will continue to remain 
focused on it. 
Joel Rebello:  
Okay, sir. All the best, thank you. 
 

 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We have our next question from Hamsini Karthik from The Hindu Business 
Line. Please go ahead. 
Hamsini Karthik: 
 
Sir, I have two questions. One with respect to your corporate book, corporate SME and 
Business Banking, they have shown an improvement in growth as well. And today, if we 
look at the overall mix of the Bank from what was tilted to 60:40 a couple of years back, 
just about two years or so, is now gradually moving to a 54:45 kind of ratio. Do we believe 
that the Bank is once again seeing strong pockets of growth opportunities rather on the 
corporate side, on the business banking side, etc? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Hamsini, I think we have been saying that we look at opportunities across whether it is 
state, rural, business banking, SME, and of course the wholesale banking that you 
referred to. I think our growth reflects the opportunities that we see in the respective 
markets. As long as we meet our risk appetite numbers, I think we are happy to grow 
that business. As you are aware, corporate India has leveraged over the last two years 
and has strong balance sheets. However, it's good to see some capacity utilisation of 
sector and we will continue to look at opportunities across sectors and whenever we get 
opportunities, we'll be happy to lend. So we do not drive a particular mix. We are focused 
on serving all segments of our customers within our own risk appetite framework. 
Hamsini Karthik: 
 
Okay, sir. If I can just ask to understand a little more on what you just spoke, can you give 
me at least in the fresh disbursals in the last one year or so? What would be the mix of 
working capital plus term loan proportion? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Hamsini, we don't give that split. As you are aware, our domestic and corporate book is 
about ₹ 2,48,000 crore. This, of course, excludes the non-fund based. I think currently, if 
you have questions around the capex cycle, etc, the capex cycle, you are aware, is being 

 
Page 11 of 17 
 
largely funded by government and PSU. Private sector, we have seen a lighter capex and 
mostly happening on infrastructure and industrial sites. But we'll have to wait and watch 
how it shapes up going forward. As you are aware, as I did mention earlier as well, the 
corporates have relatively strong balance sheets and are able to undertake incremental 
brownfield investment from internal approvals and without having to take on recourse 
to banks. So that is from a larger angle. For us, we will remain true to the core strategy 
of ensuring that we lend within our risk appetite framework and we are agnostic to 
where this comes from. 
Hamsini Karthik: 
 
Okay, sir. My second question is with respect to the penalty that RBI has imposed on the 
Bank, ₹ 12.2 crore approximately. There are, the report also mentioned that there are 
two directors of the Bank who were directors at the company where fraud was detected. 
Do these directors continue to sit on the Boards of the Bank? Would there be any 
monitoring of the action? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Hamsini, there were no frauds detected, please. There were just no frauds that I want to 
clarify and make that very categorical. These emanated from regulatory inspections 
supervisory and evaluation for FY'20 and 21. We respect RBI's observation and we have 
already taken corrective actions. 
Hamsini Karthik: 
 
Would it pertain to a ban instance and should we believe that every bit of that is now 
sort of built into the financials, we shouldn't expect any fresh hit to the P&L because of 
this? 
Sandeep Batra: 
Which is true. I mean, there is a supervisory evaluation, which happens on a periodical  
basis. And if there is a view which RBI has, in terms of if we have not met a particular 
kind of guidelines, then there are actions, which they do and we have, as I have 
mentioned, even at the time of release of this report, we have taken all corrective actions 
and frankly we really don't have anything more to add to that.  

 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Hamsini Karthik: 
 
Thank you, sir. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Mayur Shetty from Times of India. Please go ahead.  
Mayur Shetty: 
 
Hi, Sandeep. Thanks, my question has partly been answered, so I ask an additional 
question on this unsecured loan. So, you said that what the industry is seeing is in this 
low, small ticket personal loans, and that's the segment you're not present in at all?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Mayur, I have focused on what my portfolio is, and what I did mention was about some 
of the reports which did mention that the unsecured loan where the risk is building up is 
essentially on low ticket size as well as where affordability and repairment capacity 
might be constrained. As I mentioned earlier, we do not have any meaningful presence 
in this segment. And another aspect of risk buildup of whatever we have analysed in the 
overall macro system is that some of these borrowers will be sort of over leveraged and 
take multiple loans. So, we keep looking at our portfolio and we take every risk indicator 
at the macro basis seriously, we analyse it, we look at our own book, and at this point of 
time we are quite happy with the quality of the book that we have written. As I did 
mention, for us we have probably one of the very tight provisioning policies on unsecured 
books. Within 120 days of overdue we just write it off. So, if there is any risk growing up, 
it sort of shows very fast. So, at this point of time while we will continue to monitor, and 
whenever we see any risk building up in any particular segment, we will sort of 
recalibrate our portfolio. But at this point of time, we are quite happy with what we have 
built and the growth that we have delivered.  
Mayur Shetty: 
 
And is the Bank doing any larger project finance at all now?  
 

 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Mayur, as I did explain, it is a function of assessment of credit. So, as you are aware, the 
larger capex are actually being taken up by government and PSUs in the overall sector. 
So, for us we will fund any financially viable project and whenever it comes, we are happy 
to fund it. What is happening on a macro basis is, as I talked about earlier that most of 
the corporates are fairly de-leveraged. They have a large cash accrual, which is coming 
to them, and they do prefer to use their, the incremental investments that they have in 
terms of Brownfield projects and use internal accruals to the maximum extent. If they 
need borrowing, then if you find that the projects are bankable, we are more than happy 
to fund them.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We have our next question from Preeti Singh from Bloomberg. Please go 
ahead. 
Preeti Singh: 
 
Thank you. Hi, sir. So, I saw that the NIMs have declined to 4.53 and I noticed you said 
earlier that in April that we were at the peak of NIMs. Do you expect any further 
narrowing of NIMs and if so, what do you expect to close the year with?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Preeti, I'll give a similar response which I gave last time. We did mention at the last  
quarter itself. For the full year, we will have a NIM margin, which is very similar to what 
we had for the last full year. The sequential decline in NIM, as you are aware is the lagged 
impact of term deposits increase over last year. The increase in cost of deposits during 
the quarter largely reflects the increase in term deposits over last year. Though the rate 
of incremental rate deposits has largely stabilised. We expect the decrease in NIM to 
moderate over coming quarters. Well, beyond that, I think we will continue to optimise 
NIMs through asset liability and management levels, which are all within, whatever is 
there within our overall control. Anyway, the decline in NIM has been sort of offset by 
healthy growth in the loan portfolio and the fee income. So, for our focus, we're going to 
be continuing to focus on in a sustainable way.  

 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Preeti Singh: 
Got it. And sir the other question I had was on the growth in savings and current accounts 
that seems to be way lower than your peers. Could you help us understand what steps 
you are taking to ensure that you get more of these lower costing deposits?  
Sandeep Batra:  
Preeti, we are focused on than period and numbers, rather than on an average basis. If I 
look at our average numbers, we have had an increase of about 7.1% in year-on-year 
and about 1.1% in Q2 2024. So, the period and numbers are generally volatile. From our 
perspective, we look at the total liability franchise, which the customer does which 
includes term deposits, CA and SA. And if you see, the difference between the savings 
accounts and the FD rates have sort of increased over the last few years. So naturally, 
the tendency for the customers is to have higher amount of retail deposits. As you are 
aware, we have seen a very strong traction and momentum in retail deposits, resulting 
in a growth of about 31.8% year-on-year and 9.2% sequentially. So from our perspective, 
we are really looking at the total deposits which include CA, SA and deposits and the 
overall cost of deposits is also an important factor. We are quite happy with the progress 
that we have made considering all the factors put together.  
Preeti Singh: 
 
Okay, thank you.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish Agashe from PTI. Please go 
ahead. 
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Thank you so much, sir. So, this was just in follow-up to Mayur sir's question on capex. 
So, when do you prospectively see sort of some demand on the private capex front and 
some of it translating into lending opportunities for banks like yours?  
 
 

 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Ashish, as I have been saying, I think, the demand has to get created by the corporate 
India. For us, we will focus on what is within our risk appetite and we will be happy to 
fund it. We are not fixated about whether lending is happening within the corporate or 
SME or retail. Wherever there is growth, we are happy to fund it. In fact, if there is growth 
on the retail segment, we are there. The SME segment and business-banking segment 
has been doing very well from a country perspective and we have been growing that in 
a very healthy fashion. And even amongst the corporate world, we are able to do things 
which are from a risk adjusted basis, this is doing well. In fact, this is not about the capex 
demand. If corporate India is so cash rich and generating internal accruals, they may not 
need so much of funds until the cycle picks up significantly. So, whenever it happens, we 
will be there and happy to support that funding.  
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Okay, sir. Sir, what was the home loan growth during this quarter and especially in the  
Moderator: 
 
Ashish, sorry to interrupt you, but we are losing your audio. May I request you to speak 
through the handset, please. 
Ashish Agashe: 
  
Sound is better now sir? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Yes, you talked of growth of which segment?  
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Home loans, home loans segment  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Home loans grew by about 16.2% during the year-on-year growth for this quarter. 

 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Okay, sir. And sir, if you can provide some colour on the competitive intensity, given that, 
the merger with a larger peer basically got through just in July 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
So, the two entities were there. As far as we are concerned, we are focused on our own 
business and we are happy with the growth that is happening.  
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Okay, sir. And final small question, sir, on the contingent provisions which you are 
carrying, you continue to carry or like was there any drawdown or anything of that sort, 
sir this quarter? 
Sandeep Batra: 
 
We did not draw down anything, Ashish. We continue to carry ₹ 13,100 crore of 
provisions. 
Ashish Agashe: 
 
Okay, thank you so much.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We will take the last question from the line of Kshipra Petkar from The 
Informist. Please go ahead.  
Richard Fargose: 
 
Not Kshipra, Richard here. Sir, I just want to know how much of your portfolio is repo 
linked and how much is MCLR linked?  
Sandeep Batra: 
 
Repo is about 48% and MCLR is about 18% and the fixed interest rate portfolio is about 
31%. 

 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Richard Fargose: 
 
Sir, how much do you think the further rise in deposit rates sir, how much basis one would 
say factoring in now?  
Anindya Banerjee:  
We don't really have a given outlook on deposit rates. I think the retail deposit rates have 
been more or less stable for the last couple of quarters or a little more than that. 
Wholesale rates, I think, move up and down in line with overall systemic liquidity. So, 
there has been some hardening, I would say, towards the end of the second quarter and 
subsequently, but that we will see as it goes. But on the retail side, so the rates have 
been reasonably stable. We will have to see how things evolve.  
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, this brings the conference call to an end. 
On behalf of ICICI Bank, we thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you.  

1  
  
Analyst call on October 21, 2023: opening remarks  
  
Certain statements in this release relating to a future period of time (including inter alia concerning 
our future business plans or growth prospects) are forward-looking statements intended to qualify 
for the 'safe harbor' under applicable securities laws including the US Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. 
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to statutory and regulatory changes, 
international economic and business conditions; political or economic instability in the jurisdictions 
where we have operations, increase in non-performing loans, unanticipated changes in interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, our growth and expansion in business, 
the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses, the actual growth in demand for banking products 
and services, investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, changes in 
India’s sovereign rating, as well as other risks detailed in the reports filed by us with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements contained herein are based 
on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable as of the date of this release. ICICI Bank undertakes 
no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date 
thereof. Additional risks that could affect our future operating results are more fully described in our 
filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. These filings are available at 
www.sec.gov.   
This release does not constitute an offer of securities.  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2  
  
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the ICICI Bank Q2 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing ‘*’ then 0 on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
 I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi, Managing Director and CEO 
of ICICI Bank. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
 
Mr. Sandeep Bakhshi:  
 
Thank you. Good evening to all of you and welcome to the ICICI Bank Earnings Call 
to discuss the results for Q2 of FY2024. Joining us today on this call are Sandeep 
Batra, Rakesh, Anindya and Abhinek.  
 
The Indian economy continued to be resilient amidst the uncertainties in the global 
environment, reflecting the actions and initiatives of the policymakers. The 
underlying growth momentum is visible with expansion in manufacturing and 
services PMI, real estate buoyancy, increasing steel and cement output, higher tax 
collections and demand for travel. The Government led capex cycle is continuing. 
Though there has been a pause in the policy rate hike cycle in India, global and 
domestic inflation, and the liquidity and rate environment continue to evolve.  
  
At ICICI Bank, our strategic focus continues to be on growing our core operating 
profit less provisions, i.e., profit before tax excluding treasury through the 360-
degree customer centric approach, and by serving opportunities across ecosystems 
and micro markets. We continue to operate within our strategic framework and 

3  
  
strengthen our franchise, enhance our delivery and servicing capabilities and expand 
our technology and digital offerings.  
  
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 35.7% year-on-year to 137.31 
billion Rupees in this quarter. The core operating profit increased by 21.7% year-on 
year to 143.14 billion Rupees in this quarter. The profit after tax grew by 35.8% year 
on-year to 102.61 billion Rupees in this quarter.  
   
Total deposits grew by 18.8% year-on-year and 4.5% sequentially at September 30, 
2023. Term deposits increased by 31.8% year-on-year and 9.2% sequentially at  
September 30, 2023. During the quarter, the average current and savings account 
deposits grew by 7.1% year-on-year and 1.1% sequentially. The Bank’s average 
liquidity coverage ratio for the quarter was about 122%.   
  
The domestic loan portfolio grew by 19.3% year-on-year and 4.8% sequentially at 
September 30, 2023. The retail loan portfolio grew by 21.4% year-on-year and 5.5% 
sequentially. Including non-fund based outstanding, the retail portfolio was 46.0% 
of the total portfolio. The business banking portfolio grew by 30.3% year-on-year 
and 10.6% sequentially. The SME portfolio grew by 29.4% year-on-year and 7.2% 
sequentially. The rural portfolio grew by 17.3% year-on-year and 3.5% sequentially. 
The domestic corporate portfolio grew by 15.3% year-on-year and 3.1% 
sequentially. The overall loan portfolio including the international branches portfolio 
grew by 18.3% year-on-year and 5.0% sequentially at September 30, 2023.  
  
We continue to enhance our digital offerings and platforms to onboard new 
customers in a seamless manner, provide them end-to-end journeys and solutions 
and enable more effective data driven cross sell and up sell. We have shared some 
details on our technology and digital offerings in slides 15 to 26 of the investor 
presentation.   

4  
  
  
The net NPA ratio declined to 0.43% at September 30, 2023 from 0.48% at June 30, 
2023 and 0.61% at September 30, 2022. During the quarter, there were net additions 
of 1.16 billion Rupees to gross NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale. The total 
provisions during the quarter were 5.83 billion Rupees or 4.1% of core operating 
profit and 0.2% of average advances. The provisioning coverage ratio on NPAs was 
82.6% at September 30, 2023. In addition, the Bank continues to hold contingency 
provisions of 131.00 billion Rupees or about 1.2% of total loans as of September 30, 
2023.   
  
The capital position of the Bank continued to be strong with a CET-1 ratio of 16.77%, 
Tier 1 ratio of 16.86% and total capital adequacy ratio of 17.59% at September 30, 
2023, including profits for H1-2024.   
  
Looking ahead, we see many opportunities to drive risk calibrated profitable growth. 
We believe our focus on customer 360, extensive franchise and collaboration within 
the organisation, backed by our digital offerings, process improvements and service 
delivery initiatives will enable us to deliver holistic solutions to customers in a 
seamless manner and grow market share across key segments. We will continue to 
make investments in technology, people, distribution and building our brand. We will 
remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet with prudent provisioning 
and healthy levels of capital. The principles of “Return of Capital”, “Fair to Customer, 
Fair to Bank” and “One Bank, One Team, One RoE” will continue to guide our 
operations. We remain focused on delivering consistent and predictable returns to 
our shareholders.  
  
I now hand the call over to Anindya.  
 
 

5  
  
Mr. Anindya Banerjee: 
  
Thank you, Sandeep. I will talk about loan growth, credit quality, P&L details, growth 
in digital offerings, portfolio trends and performance of subsidiaries.  
A. Loan growth  
Sandeep covered the loan growth across various segments. Coming to the growth 
across retail products, the mortgage portfolio grew by 16.2% year-on-year and 4.1% 
sequentially. Auto loans grew by 24.1% year-on-year and 5.5% sequentially. The 
commercial vehicles and equipment portfolio grew by 12.3% year-on-year and 4.5% 
sequentially. Personal loans grew by 40.4% year-on-year and 10.2% sequentially 
and the credit card portfolio grew by 29.5% year-on-year and 6.2% sequentially. The 
personal loans and credit card portfolio were 9.4% and 3.9% of the overall loan book 
respectively at September 30, 2023.  
  
  
The overseas loan portfolio, in US dollar terms, declined by 6.3% year-on-year at 
September 30, 2023. The overseas loan portfolio was about 3.3% of the overall loan 
book at September 30, 2023. The non-India linked corporate portfolio declined by 
26.9% or about 115 million US dollars on a year-on-year basis. Of the overseas 
corporate portfolio, about 90% comprises Indian corporates, 6% is overseas 
corporates with Indian linkage, 2% comprises companies owned by NRIs or PIOs and 
balance 2% is non-India corporates.  
  
B. Credit quality   
There were net additions of 1.16 billion Rupees to gross NPAs in the current quarter 
compared to 18.07 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The net additions to gross 
NPAs were 13.45 billion Rupees in the retail, rural and business banking portfolios 
and there were net deletions of gross NPAs of 12.29 billion Rupees in the corporate 
and SME portfolio.  

6  
  
The gross NPA additions were 46.87 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared 
to 53.18 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. Recoveries and upgrades from gross 
NPAs, excluding write-offs and sale, were 45.71 billion Rupees in the current quarter 
compared to 35.11 billion Rupees in the previous quarter.   
  
The gross NPA additions from the retail, rural and business banking portfolio were 
43.64 billion Rupees in the current quarter compared to 50.72 billion Rupees in the 
previous quarter. We typically see higher NPA additions from the kisan credit card 
portfolio in the first and third quarter of a fiscal year. Recoveries and upgrades from 
the retail, rural and business banking portfolio were 30.19 billion Rupees compared 
to 31.40 billion Rupees in the previous quarter. The gross NPA additions from the 
corporate and SME portfolio were 3.23 billion Rupees compared to 2.46 billion 
Rupees in the previous quarter. Recoveries and upgrades from the corporate and 
SME portfolio were 15.52 billion Rupees compared to 3.71 billion Rupees in the 
previous quarter.   
  
The gross NPAs written-off during the quarter were 19.22 billion Rupees. There was 
sale of NPAs worth 1.79 billion rupees in the current quarter compared to no sale in 
the previous quarter. The sale of NPAs includes 0.14 billion rupees in cash and 0.53 
billion rupees of security receipts. As these NPAs were fully provided, we continue to 
hold provisions against security receipts.  
  
The non-fund based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing was 
38.86 billion Rupees as of September 30, 2023 compared to 37.04 billion Rupees as 
of June 30, 2023. The Bank holds provisions amounting to 20.64 billion Rupees 
against this non-fund based outstanding.  
  
The total fund based outstanding to all standard borrowers under resolution as per 
various guidelines declined to 35.36 billion Rupees or about 0.3% of the total loan 

7  
  
portfolio at September 30, 2023 from 39.46 billion Rupees at June 30, 2023. Of the 
total fund based outstanding under resolution at September 30, 2023, 30.00 billion 
Rupees was from the retail, rural and business banking portfolio and 5.36 billion 
Rupees was from the corporate and SME portfolio. The Bank holds provisions of 
11.07 billion Rupees against these borrowers, which is higher than the requirement 
as per RBI guidelines.  
  
Moving on to the P&L details:  
  
C. P&L details  
Net interest income increased by 23.8% year-on-year to 183.08 billion Rupees. The 
net interest margin was 4.53% in this quarter compared to 4.78% in the previous 
quarter and 4.31% in Q2 of last year. The sequential movement in NIM reflects the 
lagged impact of increase in term deposit rates over the last year, on the cost of 
deposits.   
  
The impact of interest on income tax refund on net interest margin was nil in Q2 of 
this year compared to 3 basis points in the previous quarter and no impact in Q2 of 
last year. The domestic NIM was at 4.61% this quarter compared to 4.88% in the 
previous quarter and 4.45% in Q2 of last year. The cost of deposits was 4.53% in this 
quarter compared to 4.31% in the previous quarter, reflecting primarily the increase 
in term deposit rates over the last year, though rates on incremental retail term 
deposits have largely stabilized. Of the total domestic loans, interest rates on 48% 
are linked to the repo rate, 3% to other external benchmarks and 18% to MCLR and 
other older benchmarks. The balance 31% of loans have fixed interest rates.  
  
  
   

8  
  
Non-interest income, excluding treasury, grew by 14.0% year-on-year to 58.61 billion 
Rupees in Q2 of 2024   
  
• 
Fee income increased by 16.2% year-on-year to 52.04 billion Rupees in this 
quarter. Fees from retail, rural, business banking and SME customers constituted 
about 78% of the total fees in this quarter.  
  
• 
Dividend income from subsidiaries and associates was 6.48 billion Rupees in this 
quarter, same as in Q2 of last year.   
  
On Costs: The Bank’s operating expenses increased by 20.8% year-on-year in this 
quarter. Employee expenses increased by 29.0% year-on-year in this quarter. The 
Bank had about 139,000 employees at September 30, 2023. The number of 
employees has increased by about 29,000 in the last 12 months. Non-employee 
expenses increased by 16.3% year-on-year in this quarter primarily due to retail 
business related and technology expenses. Our branch count has increased by 174 
in Q2-2024 and we had 6,248 branches as of September 30, 2023. The technology 
expenses were about 9.2% of our operating expenses in H1 of this year.  
  
The core operating profit increased by 21.7% year-on-year to 143.14 billion Rupees 
in this quarter. Excluding dividend income from subsidiaries and associates, the core 
operating profit grew by 22.9% year-on-year.  
  
The total provisions during the quarter were 5.83 billion Rupees, or 4.1% of core 
operating profit and 0.2% of average advances compared to 12.92 billion Rupees in 
the previous quarter. The sequential decline in provisions reflects higher NPA 
additions from kisan credit card portfolio in Q1 of this year, and corporate recoveries 
and upgrades as well as recoveries from written-off accounts. The provisioning 
coverage on NPAs was 82.6% as of September 30, 2023. In addition, we hold 11.07 

9  
  
billion Rupees of provisions on borrowers under resolution. Further, the Bank 
continues to hold contingency provision of 131.00 billion Rupees as of September 30, 
2023. At the end of September, the total provisions, other than specific provisions on 
fund-based outstanding to borrowers classified as non-performing, were 229.10 
billion Rupees or 2.1% of loans.   
  
The profit before tax excluding treasury grew by 35.7% year-on-year to 137.31 
billion Rupees in Q2 of this year.  
  
There was a treasury loss of 0.85 billion Rupees in Q2 similar to Q2 of the previous 
year.   
  
The tax expense was 33.85 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 24.78 billion 
Rupees in the corresponding quarter last year. The profit after tax grew by 35.8% 
year-on-year to 102.61 billion Rupees in this quarter.   
  
D. Growth in digital offerings   
Leveraging digital and technology across businesses is a key element of our strategy 
of growing the risk-calibrated core operating profit. We continue to see increasing 
adoption and usage of our digital platforms by our customers.   
  
There have been more than 10 million activations of iMobile Pay by non-ICICI Bank 
account holders at end-September 2023.   
  
Our merchant STACK offers an array of banking and value-added services to 
retailers, online businesses and large e-commerce firms such as digital current 
account opening, instant overdraft facilities based on point-of-sale transactions, 
connected banking services and digital store management, among others.  

10  
  
  
We have created more than 20 industry specific STACKs which provide bespoke and 
purpose-based digital solutions to corporate clients and their ecosystems. Our Trade 
Online and Trade Emerge platforms allow customers to perform most of their trade 
finance and foreign exchange transactions digitally. Our digital solutions integrate 
the export transaction lifecycle with bespoke solutions providing frictionless 
experience to our clients and simplify customer journeys. About 71% of trade 
transactions were done digitally in Q2 of this year. The volume of transactions done 
through Trade Online and Trade Emerge platforms in Q2-2024 grew by 29.7% year 
on-year.  
  
E. Portfolio information  
We have provided details on our retail, business banking and SME portfolio in slides 
32 to 43 of the investor presentation.  
  
The loan and non-fund based outstanding to performing corporate and SME 
borrowers rated BB and below was 47.89 billion Rupees at September 30, 2023 
compared to 42.76 billion Rupees at June 30, 2023 and 76.38 billion Rupees at 
September 30, 2022. The increase during the quarter is due to the upgrade of one 
borrower from non-performing status. Other than this account, the maximum single 
borrower outstanding in the BB and below portfolio was less than 5.00 billion 
Rupees at September 30, 2023. At September 30, 2023, we held provisions of 8.17 
billion Rupees on the BB and below portfolio compared to 4.02 billion Rupees at June 
30, 2023. This includes provisions held against borrowers under resolution included 
in this portfolio.  
  
The total outstanding to NBFCs and HFCs was 837.49 billion Rupees at September 
30, 2023 compared to 874.18 billion Rupees at June 30, 2023. The total outstanding 
loans to NBFCs and HFCs were about 8% of our advances at September 30, 2023.   

11  
  
  
The builder portfolio including construction finance, lease rental discounting, term 
loans and working capital was 430.58 billion Rupees at September 30, 2023 
compared to 427.12 billion Rupees at June 30, 2023. The builder portfolio is about 
3.9% of our total loan portfolio. Our portfolio largely comprises well-established 
builders and this is also reflected in the sequential increase in the portfolio. About 
3.5% of the builder portfolio at September 30, 2023 was either rated BB and below 
internally or was classified as non-performing, compared to 3.7% at June 30, 2023.  
  
F. Consolidated results  
The consolidated profit after tax grew by 36.1% year-on-year to 108.96 billion 
Rupees in this quarter.  
  
The details of the financial performance of subsidiaries and key associates are 
covered in slides 46 to 49 in the investor presentation.   
  
The value of new business margin of ICICI Life was 28.8% in H1 of this year 
compared to 32.0% in fiscal 2023 and 31.0% in H1 of last year. The value of new 
business of ICICI Life was 10.15 billion Rupees in H1 of this year compared to 10.92 
billion Rupees in H1 of last year. The annualised premium equivalent was 35.23 
billion Rupees in H1 of this year compared to 35.19 billion Rupees in H1 of last year. 
The profit after tax of ICICI Life was 4.51 billion Rupees in H1 of this year compared 
to 3.55 billion Rupees in H1 of last year and 2.44 billion Rupees in Q2-2024 compared 
to 1.99 billion Rupees in Q2-2023.  
  
Gross Direct Premium Income of ICICI General was 60.86 billion Rupees in Q2-2024 
compared to 51.85 billion Rupees in Q2-2023. The combined ratio stood at 103.9% 
in Q2-2024 compared to 105.1% in Q2-2023. Excluding the impact of CAT losses, 
the combined ratio was 102.8% in Q2-2024 and 104.3% in Q2-2023. The profit after 

12  
  
tax was 5.77 billion Rupees in Q2-2024 compared to 5.91 billion Rupees in Q2-2023. 
The profit after tax of Q2-2023 included reversal of tax provisions of 1.28 billion 
Rupees.   
  
The profit after tax of ICICI AMC, as per Ind AS was 5.01 billion Rupees in this quarter 
compared to 4.06 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.    
  
The profit after tax of ICICI Securities, as per Ind AS on a consolidated basis, was  
4.24 billion Rupees in this quarter compared to 3.00 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.   
  
ICICI Bank Canada had a profit after tax of 21.1 million Canadian dollars in this 
quarter compared to 12.0 million Canadian dollars in Q2 of last year.   
  
ICICI Bank UK had a profit after tax of 3.3 million US dollars this quarter compared 
to 1.5 million US dollars in Q2 of last year.   
  
As per Ind AS, ICICI Home Finance had a profit after tax of 1.12 billion Rupees in the 
current quarter compared to 0.60 billion Rupees in Q2 of last year.   
  
With this, we conclude our opening remarks and we will now be happy to take your 
questions.  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

13  
  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. We have 
the first question from the line of Mahrukh Adajania from Nuvama. Please go ahead.  
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
 
Hello, I just had a question on the sector and then even on margins. So, there's a lot 
of talk going around on unsecured loans, on which segment of unsecured loans is 
safe and which is seeing higher delinquencies. So, what is the sense you make from 
the bureau data and from your own customer data, that's the first question.  
 
And then in your experience as veteran bankers, do you think that the stress in one 
segment, say below 50,000, can easily spread to other segments, so that's my first 
question.  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
Yes, we track this portfolio quite closely and we have been doing so for the past 
several quarters. As far as our portfolio is concerned, we feel that the trends are 
quite stable and the credit delinquencies and credit costs are well within what we 
would have sort of expected them to be.  
 
As far as the industry outlook is concerned, we have also seen some research which 
makes this distinction between the smaller ticket size loans and the larger ticket size 
loan.  
 
As far as our portfolio is concerned, we have a very minimal presence in the smaller 
ticket size segment. But I think you are right in the sense that if we start seeing 

14  
  
significant increase in delinquencies on personal loans that would have implications 
for other parts of the portfolio as well, potentially.  
 
But, I think if we have kind of focused on the portfolio as we believe we have on 
existing customers, on cross-sell and on customers with credit scores above a certain 
level, and also properly assessed and monitored their level of leverage and how 
many loans they are servicing at any point in time, we feel that the risks should not 
be something which would cause too much concern, but we will continue to monitor 
this as we go along. As things stand in our portfolio the numbers are pretty 
comfortable and that is why you would have seen us growing the portfolio also at a 
similar pace this quarter as we have been growing for the past several quarters.  
 
Mahrukh Adajania: 
 
 
Okay but as the portfolio seasoned, even in your portfolio would it be fair to say that 
there would be a rising delinquencies over the last six months like anything to call 
out? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
There is nothing really to call out, if you look at for example, we have been saying for 
the last several quarters that in absolute terms as the retail portfolio grows and 
seasoned and some of the higher recoveries coming out of the stock of NPLs that 
got created during COVID come down, the net additions to gross NPLs in the retail 
portfolio will go up, but they have been moving quite in a stable way.  
 
And in fact, in this quarter, you have seen it coming down actually sequentially, 
which is partly due to the absence of KCC NPLs, but even on the retail side the 
performance has actually improved slightly.  

15  
  
Mahruk Adajania:  
 
Got it. And, would it be possible to get the average ticket size?  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
No, we have not really given that answer. But, as I said, our presence in the smaller 
ticket size would be marginal.  
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP 
Morgan. Please go ahead.  
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
 
 
Hi sir, just two questions. One is your recovery and upgrade, so your retail slippages 
are running at 3% and your recovery upgrades are like 60% of that. Is that what you 
would consider as a normal run rate in this business now?  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
I guess so. I mean as the portfolio grows in absolute terms, it may go up, but we 
expect these trends to be reasonably stable. There could be some variation quarter-
to-quarter.  
 
 
 
 

16  
  
Saurabh Kumar:  
 
Okay and the second sir, again back to the PL, the 40% growth that you have seen, 
your approval rates on loans will be -- where would this be versus let's say 2023 and 
versus like 2019 in terms of your internal credit filters?  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
We have not really talked about approval rates and so on. I think we have given our 
outlook on the portfolio and we will continue to monitor it as we go along.  
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
 
 
Okay, but your credit filters internally have come down over the last one year, sir? I 
mean, if you can give us directional colour? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
No, I don't think we would have diluted our credit filters. In general, I think we have 
been focusing progressively more on the upper end of the spectrum.  
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Chintan Joshi from 
Bernstein. Please go ahead.  
 
 
 
 

17  
  
Chintan Joshi: 
 
 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have two areas; one is on kind of lending and 
deposit yields and second is on your branch expansion strategy. Lending yields have 
gone down 5 basis points this quarter, which felt a little low. And cost of deposit 
yields – cost of deposit has gone up substantially. How much repricing is left on the 
deposits and on the lending side? 
 
And, the second question is, HDFC is growing branches quite aggressively now. It is 
leaving some of the other private sector banks behind on market share relative to 
the private sector. How does this impact kind of your branch expansion strategy on 
a three-year view?  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
As far as the first question is concerned, I think you're aware that the way margins 
for most banks have moved over the last few quarters in FY23, banks saw the benefit 
of the increase in the repo rate on the external benchmark linked loans, primarily 
mortgages and others.  
 
And the deposit rate started to also go up last year, but because the deposits are 
fixed term, that repricing impact is playing out through the quarters and we are 
currently in the situation where the policy rates are on a pause, and therefore the 
external benchmark linked loans are not seeing an increase in yields.  
 
But the deposit rate increases that took place last year are continuing to reprice as 
they come up for maturity and so on and so forth. So, that is why in fact we had 
articulated even in the call last time that the repricing of the loan book from here on 
would not be significant, and that is the way it has played out.  

18  
  
We would continue to expect to see some increase in the cost of deposits on the 
book, and therefore some moderation in margins over the next quarter or so as well, 
as we have articulated in the past, but on a full year basis, we continue to expect 
that the margins would be at a similar level as they were in FY23. 
  
On your second question on branch strategy, so we have added about 350 branches 
in the first half of this year. We are really looking at what is our network across 
different micro-markets and assessment of the opportunity in those micro-markets 
and the branch capacity we need to add to serve that and that is the basis on which 
we are adding, not really looking at what any other particular bank may or may not 
be doing.  
 
Chintan Joshi: 
 
 
That might leave you losing market share relative to the other players, are you happy 
with that?  
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
As I said, we are looking at what is our assessment of the market in each place, in 
each kind of geographical area and what is the kind of network expansion we need 
to do based on that. So, it is kind of aligned to what our growth aspirations are.  
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We will take our next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Goldman 
Sachs. Please go ahead.  
 
 

19  
  
Rahul Jain:  
 
Yes, good evening everyone. Actually, I have two, three questions. Number one, can 
I just get your thoughts on the competitive dynamics, particularly in mortgages and 
deposits because clearly, the systemic growth has not been very strong in mortgages 
and of course, some pricing pressure here anecdotally has started coming through. 
So, what are your experience in that? 
 
Anindya Banerjee: 
 
 So on mortgages, yes, it has always been a competitive segment and it continues to 
be so. So, we do have players offering in particular segments that they are targeting 
pretty competitive rates. But we are calibrating our response and trying to make sure 
that we optimize across the portfolio. But overall, I think on loan pricing there is a 
reasonable level of competitive intensity across the system. 
 
Rahul Jain:  
 
Got it. And the reason I was asking is, of course, credit cost has been extremely 
benign. So do we choose to pass on some of that and strengthen the position in the 
secured portfolio because very unsecured while your portfolio is fine, but RBI has 
found it out, everybody across the board has been saying that the portfolios are fine, 
but when we speak to some of the bureaus, they do tell us that there's been some 
downgrades in Super Prime customers too. So just trying to get some head around 
as to how the cycle will play out. So while it is looking pretty strong at this point of 
time, but what RBI and the bureaus are saying in the Prime, Super Prime customers, 
is there a need for you to increase your secure portfolio at some stage and therefore 
offer some of the pricing out there? Just trying to understand that how it evolves. 
 

20  
  
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
I don't think it is like that so if you look at our secured retail portfolios those are going 
pretty well; mortgages growing at 16%-17%, auto is growing above 20%, 
commercial vehicles which was flat or growing just about in single digits for a long 
time, this quarter the year-on-year growth is more like 14%. Our SME and business 
banking portfolios are growing at the 30% kind of level. 
 
So, I think we have pretty broad-based growth and certainly we are not reliant on 
personal loans for growth. It is still less than 10% of our loan book. Credit cards, of 
course, we would want to continue to expand our franchise. For personal loans, we 
will continue to monitor the portfolio and whatever comes through our credit filters 
in the customer segments that we are comfortable with, we will take that. 
 
In any case, we are not particularly targeting a certain level of loan growth. If credit 
conditions are not so favourable in our view and we need to prune it by a percentage 
point or two that is fine. But, currently there is no softness in the secured loan 
categories either. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Our next question from the line of Kunal Shah from Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
 
Kunal Shah:  
 
Yes, thanks for taking my question. So firstly, in terms of the international NIMs, they 
have gone up by almost like 56 odd basis points. Are we seeing, obviously the 
portfolio is quite small now. But eventually when we look at it, is this a steady state 

21  
  
in the overall or maybe we see further improvement in the NIMs as well looking at 
the rates globally? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:   
 
I think it is not particularly consequential Kunal that is a small portfolio. 
Incrementally, mainly what we are doing there is a short-term working capital, trade 
finance kind of portfolio. So we do that, the funding that is available and the rates 
that are wherever we see that the lending rates give us appropriate level of spread 
over that funding particularly for some of the Indian corporates etc., also in that 
market the Indian banks tend to be quite competitive. So in the overall scheme of 
things it does not really make much of a difference. 
 
Kunal Shah: 
 
 Secondly in terms of the unsecured so if you look at the retail slippage run rate which 
is there. Any change in mix between the secured and unsecured incrementally? And 
is there a need to increase the rates in any of the segments of the personal loan 
portfolio? Either maybe due to the industry delinquency levels or what we are seeing. 
And is there enough or maybe if you talk about the competitive intensity even within 
the PL, is that giving us any kind of leverage to increase the rates if need be or is it 
extremely competitive from the other players? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
So I would want to increase rates on every loan category, every customer given, 
because as I said, the loan markets across all segments for, I think, the quality of 
customers that most banks are prioritizing from corporate through SME to retail, the 
pricing environment is competitive. 

22  
  
 
As far as the personal loans are concerned, I mean, you are aware that rates in that 
segment have come off meaningfully across, over the last few years. I guess, driven 
by the favourable credit experience and driven by the entry of new players who were 
not perhaps present in those segments earlier. It continues to be a profitable 
portfolio, so we will see it as we go along, and as long as we are able to get volumes 
in our chosen customer segments, we will keep looking at it. Otherwise, we can 
always prune it if required. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We have next question from the line of Manish Shukla from Axis Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Manish Shukla: 
 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. My first question Anindya is slide 54. There is a five 
basis points Q-o-Q decline in yield on loans when slippages have declined quarter-
on-quarter. What kind of explains that? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
So largely I think it is basis, the computational convention, because the second 
quarter has one day more than the first quarter. So the interest computation 
convention led to some decline, but that is mathematical. It will be stable in Q3 and 
then reverse in Q4.  
 

23  
  
As I said, it may not have made too much impact in this quarter from a yield on 
advances perspective, but there is significant pricing competition in the market as 
well. 
 
Manish Shukla: 
 
 
I appreciate that, Anindya. But the fact that we are still in elevated interest rate 
environment, I would not have expected it is to go down, especially when slippage 
are lower. So that is where the question came from. 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
But four, five basis points can always happen either way. Yes. 
 
Manish Shukla: 
 
 
Okay. Going back to your comment that full year margin should largely be similar to 
last year. Full year, last year we were at 4.5, first year is first half, this year is 4.65. 
That implies a 4.35 for second half. Is that the way to look at it? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
We cannot give a specific number. As I said, we do expect margins to moderate 
further from the Q2 level. And hopefully, the extent of moderation could be 
somewhat lower. And we would be at a similar level of margins as we were last 
year. That is what I think we have been consistently saying for the last couple of 
quarters. Therefore, we are just maintaining the same thing. 
 
 

24  
  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Sameer Bhise from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
 
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Just a quick question on the mortgage portfolio. So if 
I see the presentation of few quarters back say a year back, the average ticket size 
on the portfolio was roughly 25 lakhs. It is right now at 35 lakhs. Does the sizable 
increase look okay or is there something more to read into it? 
 
Anindya Banerjee: 
 
 I do not recall the 25 lakh number. I think it would – was always 30 odd. But yes, 
there would have been some increase in the average ticket size, that looks okay. 
 
Sameer Bhise: 
 
Okay, because say Q1-2023 shows 2.5 million as average ticket size of the home 
loan, while it is 3.5 million right now. So just wanted to pick your brains on the same? 
Fine, I will follow up offline. Thank you. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Ashish Sharma from Enam AMC. 
Please go ahead. 
 
 
 

25  
  
Ashish Sharma: 
 
 
Yes, hi. Just on the net interest margin, would you be able to sort to differentiate in 
terms of impact which is because of ICC, incremental cash reserve ratio? So, the NIM 
compression we have seen something which will not flow through in the next 
quarter. Any comment on that? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
So ICC would have been a small impact. As I mentioned, if you look at the sequential 
impact, there would have been some 2-3 basis point impact of the absence of 
interest on income tax refund. The ICRR would have had maybe one or a couple of 
basis points impact. The day count would have had some impact, but the larger 
impact would have been the repricing of deposits that we have spoken of earlier. 
 
Ashish Sharma: 
 
 
Okay. The second question would be on the personal loan. So given the growth rate, 
which we are comfortable at this moment, in terms of what regulator is saying, I 
think they also have clarified the issue is on the growth part. So I mean, from a 
delinquency perspective, we aren't seeing anything. I think you already sort of 
alluded a little bit on the first question. So let's just reconfirm again? 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
As I said, we are comfortable with our portfolio. We believe we have underwritten it 
well. The delinquency levels on the portfolio are not disturbing us. But we will 
continue to monitor it as we go along. 
 

26  
  
As I said, our presence in the smaller ticket sizes overall in the portfolio is marginal 
and over the last few quarters, we would have been migrating more towards the 
upper segments. So no concerns on this portfolio that we have. We will continue to 
monitor the growth, the credit quality and growth trends for our portfolio as well as 
whatever system data we get and calibrate if we need to. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Param Subramanian from 
Nomura. Please go ahead. Mr. Subramanian. 
 
Param Subramanian: 
 
 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, first question again on the unsecured piece, so 
we are continuing to see the strong growth at least for us. If you could highlight, 
explain the disconnect that we are seeing perhaps between the broader trends in 
consumption in discretionary spend as well as, at least for yourself, the strong 
growth that we're seeing in the unsecured piece, personal loans, credit cards, etc. 
Some of the use cases that have increased over the last few years, if you could 
highlight some of that, which is driving this strong growth that we're seeing? That's 
the first question. 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
So I wouldn't really want to talk more about the unsecured piece. I don't think that 
our market share in credit card spend has increased dramatically. So there is enough 
growth happening across the system in these categories and we are not particularly 
divergent. So no further comment that I have to make on that. 
 

27  
  
Param Subramanian: 
 
 
Okay, fair enough. Secondly, on this recent fine by RBI on the cross selling of non-
financial products and one or two other reasons. You could speak a little bit about 
that because, when it had happened for the peer banks, especially on this cross 
selling of non-financial products that had been taken seriously. So, any comments 
there would be useful. Yes, that is it from me, thanks. 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
So I think, as you are aware, the regulator conducts, inspections and continuous 
examination of the activities of banks. It is a heavily regulated activity and while we 
try and maintain as best levels of compliance, we can from time to time in any bank, 
there are misses for which you know action can be taken and penalties can be 
imposed. As stated in the public release, these relate to 2020 and 2021. And we have 
taken the necessary corrective action, as we have said in our release. So, nothing 
more to add on to that. 
 
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now 
like to hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you. 
 
Anindya Banerjee:  
 
Thank you very much for taking time out on a Saturday evening, and have a good 
weekend. 
 
 

28  
  
Moderator:  
 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Bank, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
