Fino Payments Bank Limited 
CIN: L65100MH2007PLC171959 
Regd Off: Mindspace Juinagar, Plot No Gen 2/1/F, Tower 1, 8th Floor, TTC Industrial Area, MIDC Shirwane, Juinagar, Navi Mumbai-400 706 
Tel: (+91 22) 7104 7000 | Website: www.finobank.com| e-Mail: cs@finobank.com  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra - Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 
400 051 
(Symbol:  FINOPB)  
February 06, 2024 
To, 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai- 400 001         
(Scrip Code: 543386) 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings call with the investor and analysts held on Thursday, 
February 01, 2024 - Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 ("Listing Regulations") 
Ref: 
Earnings call with Investors and Analysts held on Thursday, February 01, 2024 
In continuation to our letter dated January 23, 2024 please find enclosed herewith the transcript 
of the earnings call with the investors and analysts held on Thursday, February 01, 2024. 
Only information available in public domain was discussed with the investors/analysts. 
This disclosure will also be available on the Bank’s website i.e.  www.finobank.com 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Fino Payments Bank Limited 
Basavraj Loni 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Place: Navi Mumbai 
Encl: a/a 
BASAVRAJ 
SHIVANAND 
LONI
Digitally signed by 
BASAVRAJ SHIVANAND 
LONI 
Date: 2024.02.06 11:01:32 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 34 
 
 
“Fino Payments Bank Limited Q3 FY2024 
Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RISHI GUPTA – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER - FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
MR. KETAN MERCHANT – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
MR. ANUP AGARWAL – HEAD INVESTOR RELATIONS - 
FINO PAYMENTS BANK LIMITED 
 
ANALYST: 
MR. RAJAT GUPTA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 34 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen good day and welcome to the Q3 FY2024 
Earnings Conference Call of Fino Payments Bank Limited hosted by 
Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to 
Mr. Rajat Gupta from Go India Advisors. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
Rajat Gupta: 
Thank you, Aditya. Good afternoon everyone and welcome to Fino 
Payments Bank Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 FY2024 Results. We 
have on the call with us today Mr. Rishi Gupta – Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Ketan Merchant – Chief Financial 
Officer and Mr. Anup Agarwal – Head Investor Relations. We must 
remind you that the discussion on today's call may include certain 
forward-looking statements and must be therefore viewed in 
conjunction with the risks that the company faces. I now request 
the MD, Mr. Rishi Gupta to take us through the company's business 
outlook and financial highlights, subsequent to which we will open 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you Rajat. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you 
for joining us today for the Fino Payments Bank Quarter Three 
FY2024 Earnings Call. We are thrilled to announce our 16th 
consecutive quarter of profitability with highest ever quarterly 
profit. This historic high profit for the quarter is a function of our 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 34 
perseverance towards implementation of operational excellence 
and leveraging our DNA of assets, asset light at bottom line driven 
philosophy. Before delving into the business and financial updates, 
allow me to brief you on the strategic dimension of our operations. 
 
Our TAM strategy which is transaction, acquisition and 
monetization is consistently delivering desired results. Our 
transaction phase is continuing to maintain momentum with 
transaction throughput increasing by 42% year-on-year during the 
quarter. 
 
Here again as we have mentioned earlier, our legacy transaction 
business volumes are not increasing, the footfalls continue to act as 
a catalyst for acquisition phase and thereby facilitate business 
growth steadily. We have achieved the FY2023 throughput of 2.55 
lakh Crores in nine months of FY2024. Albeit the digital transaction 
growth is at a much higher pace in line with the industry trends and 
the growth of digital penetration in the country. Our focus 
continues to remain on intensifying our geographic presence to our 
merchants to further enhance our last mile reach. 
 
Over the past six quarters, we have been able to consistently 
accrete 2.5 lakh plus new customers every month. I am delighted to 
share that we have now crossed the CASA milestone of 1 Crore plus 
customers in quarter three FY2024. We understand this gives us a 
unique advantage over most of the competition. For our 
monetization phase, as stated in earlier meetings, we will continue 
to grow our CASA customers at a steady pace. Notably, we have 
achieved a significant 68% year-on-year growth in renewal revenue 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 34 
for quarter three FY2024, leaving a robust foundation for annuity 
income and reinforcing the sustainability of our revenue streams. 
This also demonstrates the customer acceptance of Fino services 
and brand. 
 
As we progress towards monetization phase we are excited to 
announce that in line with our guidance from the board in July 
2023, we have now applied for transition into a small finance bank. 
This moves align seamlessly with our long-term vision and we are 
upbeat about the opportunity it presents to our organization. With 
optimism of the favorable outcome, we aim to be operational as an 
SFB within 12 to 18 months subject to and from the time of 
approval from the regulator. 
 
Our SFB model will be a combination of asset light model, liability 
back lending, robust risk management and effective collective 
mechanism. We call it the payments bank++ model. We have 
shared some strategic outlook of the Fino’s SFB model in the 
investor presentation as well. For me, this is the epitome of our 
model wherein structural monetization would play a significant 
impact on the enhancement of shareholders’ value. 
 
Let me now talk about the digital progress, which we call Fino 2.0. 
In the ever evolving digital landscape, our focus on innovation and 
customer engagement has yielded significant milestones. Our 
country remains a global leader in digital payments led by UPI 
accounting of 46% of the global real time payments. According to 
National Payments Corporation of India, NPCI. There were around 
35 billion UPI transactions of which Fino accounted for 1.23% in 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 34 
quarter three FY2024. We see the digital momentum in quarter 
three FY2024 by opening over 79000 plus digital savings account 
aggregating to a total of 2 lakh plus digitally acquired customers till 
date. 
 
In terms of customer engagement, 37% of our 1 Crore plus 
customer base is now digitally active. This indeed makes us a digital 
model to recon where in both network distribution and digital 
channel set to excel. This growing participation is reflected in the 
figures where digital throughput contributing to 41% in quarter 
three FY2024 compared to 20% in the same quarter of the previous 
fiscal year. We are witnessing trend, we are in digitally active 
customers significantly contribute the renewal revenue of the bank. 
As we navigate the digital landscape this achievements emphasize 
our adoptability, customer centric approach and strategic 
initiatives. Our progress in the digital space has been encouraging 
and we remain committed to leveraging digital opportunities for 
enhancing customer experience and driving sustainable growth. 
 
In quarter three FY2024, our CMS business which is payment 
services business witnessed a 16% growth in our client base and a 
30% increase in our throughput on year-on-year basis. Our 
transaction business, which is the old business of remittance, cash 
withdrawal, Micro-ATM, and AEPS continue to create footfall for 
our acquisition phase. We have seen statistics from the NPCI reveal 
a significant shift in transaction dynamics. Actually, we are all seeing 
this in our daily life as well. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 34 
 
In quarter one FY2023, the ratio of cash withdrawal to digital 
transactions which is ATM, micro-ATM, AEPS and UPI stood at 44 to 
56, which means 46% transactions were cash withdrawal and the 
balance was through UPI. That was in quarter one FY2023. Today 
we stand at 30 to 70, which means only 30% are cash withdrawal 
and 70% have moved to UPI which means 56% of UPI is now 70% of 
UPI. The shift in behavior from cash to digital is not only 
irreversible, but is also gaining widespread traction, cutting across 
social strata spanning both rural and urban areas. Fino is also 
aligning itself with the transformative trend witnessing a surge in 
Digital Adept customers. In fact, we started talking about digital 
journey as you would recall, Fino 2.0 about two years back. So we 
were much ahead of our times when we started to see that digital 
would probably play a bigger role in our customer segment. We 
have also witnessed that the CASA subscription renewal rate of 
digitally active adapt customers is more than 80% as compared to 
our other customers. More digitally active customers translates to 
more annuity revenue for the bank. 
 
Technology has always been very close to my heart. Let me also 
share our significant developments in the technology space. We 
have always been committed to innovation, building operational 
capabilities, seamless transaction experience for the customers, and 
recognize the importance of cutting edge core banking systems and 
technology. In this direction, we are happy to share that we have 
on-boarded Infosys, their Finacle software as a core banking partner 
for our next phase of growth. We are also working in parallel to 
hollow the core by moving away the large pieces of transaction 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 34 
business applications from inside the core to outside of the core so 
the core banking platform continue to give superior performance, 
even after factoring the growth in transaction business over the 
years to come. 
 
We have done similar exercise when we build our own UPI switch 
about a year back, which was developed in-house. The new switch 
is able to handle multiple X volume of transactions with the best in 
the industry technical design. 
 
Both the projects are going as per schedule and we are dedicated to 
completing this transition in the next 12 to 15 months, marking a 
transformative milestone for our organization. 
 
I conclude by saying that our strategic focus in TAM strategy 
remains pivotal, consistently driving superior performance and 
creating value for our shareholders, and me along with our 
management are super excited to further evolve differentiated 
brand with long-term growth at the helm of our thinking. 
 
Now I will hand over to Ketan Merchant - our CFO to update on the 
financial performance of our bank. Over to you Ketan. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you, Rishi. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank 
you for joining us today on our earnings call. 
 
As mentioned by Rishi, our sustained strong performance during 
the quarter signifies yet another period of resilience and 
profitability. TAM strategy is something which we keep on saying it 
off and it is delivering superior results for us. We are focusing on 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 34 
transaction footfall as a cornerstone, growing the acquisition 
platform and setting base for our monetization journey ahead. This 
strategic focus is driven by the understanding that once a customer 
is acquired, numerous opportunities unfold for diverse products 
and offering in services and that can lead to enhanced profitability. 
 
Moving towards the financial performance during the quarter and 
nine months for FY2024. For Q3 FY2024, our total revenue stood at 
370.2 Crores up by 18% Y-o-Y. Robust performance of our high 
yielding products CASA and CMS has indeed contributed to our 
growth and significantly bolstered our margins, which have 
increased to 33% from 32% a year ago. Together CASA and CMS 
now contribute 30% of our revenue pie in Q3 FY2024. This number 
was 26% a year ago. This consistent success of such high yielding 
products assures that ongoing profitability will continue to rise. 
 
Our EBITDA margins have increased to 13.6% in the quarter three 
from 12.4% a year ago. EBITDA has grown by 30% Y-o-Y to 50.5 
Crores in quarter three 2024. Our PAT has increased by 19.4% on a 
year-on-year basis to 22.8 Crores. This is the historic high as Rishi 
alluded to. 
 
During the quarter our total throughput has surpassed 93.3k Crores 
making a substantial year-on-year growth of 42%. Digital 
throughput as mentioned by Rishi has grown by 184% year-on-year, 
exceeding 38000 Crores of throughput and now constitutes 41% of 
overall throughput. These robust performance indicators not only 
demonstrate our current strength, but also lay a solid foundation 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 34 
for future cross selling opportunity enabling us to leverage our 
existing customer base and expand our service offerings. 
 
Now quickly, I will just take over a nine month performance as well. 
We have achieved a total revenue of 1,077.1 Crores during the nine 
month of FY2024, reflecting a year-on-year growth of 18.8%. Our 
throughput has increased to 2.56 lakhs Crore resulting in a growth 
of 37% Y-o-Y for a nine month period. Our EBITDA margins have 
risen to 12.7% in the nine month period from 10.3% during the 
same period in FY2023. EBITDA has demonstrated a sustainable 
growth increasing by 47% year-on-year to 137.2 Crores. 
Furthermore, our PAT experienced a significant surge climbing by 
42% to 61 Crores and PAT margins have increased by 100 basis 
points to 5.7% in nine month period vis-à-vis a 4.7% during the 
previous year. 
 
Quickly going towards the product performance during Q3 2024, 
revenues from CASA has demonstrated a 35% year-on-year growth 
totaling to 73.7 Crores. This surge is primarily fueled by substantial 
rise in our renewal income, which has soared by 68% year-on-year, 
reaching to 31.4 Crores. This notable increase in both accounts 
subscription and renewal rates not only highlights the loyalty of our 
customers, but also reaffirms our standing as a preferred bank in 
our target segment. 
 
During the quarter, the highest number of CASA customers were 
added in the following states. Uttar Pradesh was first followed by 
Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Maharashtra and Gujarat. Additionally, the 
significance of UPI in our digital landscape cannot be overstated. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 34 
UPI not only served as a cornerstone for our CASA customers, but 
also proved instrumental in amplifying our business volumes as 
Rishi has elaborated earlier. Essentially the UPI active customer 
contributes to high transaction volumes, better balances, and 
renewal rates, thereby significantly bolstering our CASA base and 
advancing our overall profitability philosophy. Our renewal rate 
continue to remain healthy. Just to give a perspective for digital 
customer our renewal rate is around 83% and on an overall basis it 
is around 61% to 62% maintaining this rate over increased based 
reflects the success of our model and resonates with how best we 
can monetize it in the times to come. 
 
On the balance sheet front it is important to state that as our 
objective of evolving into lending foray on a structured basis, we 
are focusing on enhancing our liability franchise. Just to give a 
perspective, for the nine month period our average deposit have 
increased in excess of 50%. Our endeavor is to grow deposit based 
on a strategic basis while maintaining our USP of cost of funds, 
which currently is in the range of around 2.2%. CMS is another high 
margin product demonstrating robust growth. Revenue from CMS 
stood at 36.9 Crores, up by 26% in quarter three Y-o-Y. In nine 
month FY2022 revenue saw the increase of 43%. We now have 
strong presence across 11 states wherein our average monthly 
throughput is over 200 Crores in quarter three FY2024. With an 
established diversified base of 200 plus clients a strategic emphasis 
has been laid on partner diversification resulting in sustainable CMS 
growth from hereon. Overall CASA and CMS, our high margin 
products are exceeding expectation and poised for substantial 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 34 
growth, which will further lead to margin maintenance and increase 
company’s profitability. 
 
Turning to our transaction business linked to our acquisition 
strategy. We observed a subdued growth and as Rishi alluded 
earlier despite systemic challenges in transaction, remittance in 
cash withdrawal, our customers funnel the key to bolstering a high 
margin products remains intact as reflected in our transaction 
volumes. We are consistently striving to transform each interaction 
at a micro-ATM via AEPS into new accounts, aligning with our goal 
into opening up new accounts. 
 
Additionally, the UPI landscape witnessed a dynamic evolution 
marked by significant growth in transaction volumes and monetary 
value, accompanied by expanding user base. Q3 2024 recorded an 
impressive 42.5 Crore UPI transactions portraying a continued 
upward trajectory in digital payments. The monetary value of the 
same reached to 28000+ Crores signifying the bank’s ability to 
handle enhanced financial transactions seamlessly. 
 
As seen on slide #18, our digital revenue is increasing on the back of 
payment services wherein margins are largely around 30%. Here 
again the emphasis lies on the fact that our digital stack is based on 
profitability genesis as opposed to banking on future cross sell only. 
Just to give a context, our revenue of digital which now contributes 
around 8% is on the back of payment services which I earlier 
mentioned as well as the B2C growth which we are looking at. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 34 
 
In conclusion, I want to highlight or maybe reemphasize, what I 
started off, Rishi also started off with. TAM is our go to mantra, 
transactions leading to acquisition and continued acquisition which 
will lead to monetization is the philosophy which we are going 
through. With this, I will open the floor for any questions and we 
can take any questions on the financials which are coming. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer 
session. Our first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from 
CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is on 
the MATM and AEPS line. So I understand that the shift to digital is 
moving quite rapidly in the rural market. Where do you expect the 
product mix or the revenue mix from these two line items to settle 
around say by the time you get your SFB license, how much do you 
expect these two products to contribute to your revenue mix? First 
is on that and second maybe we can discuss a bit about what will 
your product strategy be once you get a SFB license, like for 
example on CASA. Will it continue to be a subscription based or will 
you offer other kind of CASA product also. If you can speak a little 
bit on that. You have spoken in your presentation about 200 
branches, I think at the end of FY2023 you had 77 branches I think. 
So there is clearly a plan to open more branches. How would that 
be? If everything is going to be done by merchants, what exactly, 
what purpose will these branches serve? So some questions around 
the CASA product, the lending product and the branch strategy 
once you become an SFB and also the timeline on SFB, if you can 
just remind. That is all. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 34 
Rishi Gupta: 
I will answer the second question and part of your first question. So 
on the second question, first on the SFB thing, the timelines, as you 
know we have already submitted our application to the regulator in 
December of 2023. We now await feedback on that application 
from the regulator. So there is no real timeline which I can share 
with you in terms of when the regulator will come back to us on 
approval or questions as such. What we understand is that normally 
there is a 12 to 18 months period post the approval where you can 
transition both your technology, people, products, which are there. 
So our timelines, if I could say, will be around two to two and a half 
years from December 2023, looking at the timeline for approval as 
well as for transition. So, that is the first part of your second 
question. The second part is in terms of the kind of products and 
what we focus on as I mentioned earlier and it is mentioned in the 
presentation also. We will continue to focus ourselves in the asset 
light strategy, so to say, which means that we are not going to 
invest very heavily on building up a very fixed cost heavy model 
whether it is on the branches or on a very heavy manpower on the 
ground or on the back end, we already have a lot of systems, people 
on the ground which is already covered as part of our current 
businesses and it is a profitable bank business right now. Our 
strategy largely will be around building up a good franchise around 
liability. Liability becomes the core for any lending business, so if 
cost of funds are lower and if you are able to build up a good 
liability consistent profile that really helps you in building up the 
lending portfolio as such. So that will be taken care off. The second 
part is that we will continue to focus on building up a distribution 
network, which is already there and part of the distribution network 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 34 
will act as points for lending and also points for customer 
engagement as such. Branches, we have around 130 odd branches 
including the customer service points. We plan to take it to 200, so 
not very heavy investment on the branches side, but more focus on 
the liability product as well as asset light model with lending gaining 
strength as we experience the lending portfolio over a period of 
time. 
 
Coming to the product strategy point of view, we will continue to 
build on the CASA platform. We will continue to do our transaction 
business. We will continue to add more distribution points. So in 
the TAM strategy transaction acquisition phase will continue as an 
SFB also, the monetization phase will take up a higher piece of 
income and bottom line also because the cross cell will start to kick 
in once we start the lending piece as well. 
 
Coming to your first question, let me answer a part of it then 
probably Ketan can talk a little bit more in terms of the 
percentages. See micro-ATM and AEPS, while there is a decrease in 
the total revenue percentage of the overall number both in the 
absolute terms as well as in the percentage in this year vis-à-vis last 
year but also not only from the fact that it is moving from cash to 
digital, but also a large part of our customers who were off-us have 
now become on-us. So to 1 Crore plus customers which used to use 
AEPS and micro-ATM as an off-us platform have now started to use 
on-us of Fino as well. So largely the reason also for decreasing the 
share and I think the numbers probably Ketan can tell better in 
terms of projection, but would largely be in the same range. Ketan, 
you would like to answer that? 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 34 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you. Yes, I think Rishi partly answered it, our digital as well as 
our CASA works in inverse proportion with our micro-ATM and AEPS 
business. Honestly, why do we do and you have been hearing about 
our TAM for a while that transaction is a footfall and it is for 
generating that footfall for these high products. So typically 
currently for nine month period it stands at around 13%-14% for 
this quarter both taken together is around 11%. We expect to 
maintain it in the 9% to 11% kind of a scenario as long as we can 
convert it off and as I earlier mentioned it of our digital is also both 
B2C as well as the payment services which I just mentioned about is 
at a margin of 30%. So we are fine in terms of our replacement 
coming. CASA I think we have spoken enough about between from 
off-us to on-us and the kind of renewal rate which is there, so that 
is where we intend to continue our transaction business to fuel the 
acquisition strategy. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Sir, but one of the concerns is if the digitalization in the rural market 
is as rapid as it is showing up in the recent numbers then your mix 
from these two products will probably by the time say FY2026 will 
decline at a much faster pace, right. I totally get the part that you 
get those customers are becoming on like they use your app, they 
are using your UPI. So you are generating some revenue, digital 
revenue on the other side, but these products will effectively start 
becoming lesser and lesser portion of your mix, right. It cannot stay 
at 9% to 11%. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Actually you are right. If you go to our kind of a page #39 of our 
slide where we have our page #39 of our deck where we said that 
we have had a particular journey on our customer offerings where 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 34 
we said that maybe by March 2028 we come to around 2.8 Crores 
kind of customers. So as and when we go into that, yes it will come 
into a single digit customers coming on by the time the SFB comes 
in 18-24 months it is 9%, it is 7% or it is 10%. It is a bit difficult to 
predict as long as our customer acquisition is going in the right 
manner we do not mind this as a percentage coming down. The 
concern only will come is when our customer acquisition engine 
reduces off then there will be a loss of business. Currently this is a 
good cannibalization which we essentially looking at. Actually very 
difficult to put a number that will it be a 7% in 2028 or 5% or 9%, 
but if our customer acquisition goals in the proportion which we are 
looking at, then it seems to be fine. 
Shreya Shivani: 
On my first question, just a bit of clarification or maybe a little more 
detail if you can give us on what will be the first set of lending 
products you will launch or any plan, liability products, are they 
going to be non-subscription base products as well, if some color on 
that could be helpful. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, we can share that separately, but largely on the liability side 
apart from the current CASA, the FD and RD products also will come 
in as part of the SFB strategy. Lending as I told part of it would 
already be covered in the presentation, we will start from small 
ticket lending and then it will go as the experience builds up from 
unsecured to secured so to say. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Just one thing. If I understand your point is, are we going to change 
the mix from our current low cost deposits to a high cost deposit for 
the lending? The answer is essentially no. Again page #41 of our 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 34 
deck we have put across and I also mentioned in our earlier 
statement as well. Our USPs are cost of funds. Currently it is around 
2.2%. As we grow, we will definitely go for what Rishi just 
mentioned, RD, FD we are still looking at anywhere in the range of 
250-300 basis point arbitrage over any other bank as well. So that is 
the kind of a philosophy which we are doing at, and in the earlier 
presentations I have anyway explained of that if our customer 
acquisition continues off and our average balance goes towards 
2200 we anyway have a big cost to fund arbitrage coming in our 
liability franchise. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Okay, this is useful. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mayur from 
Profitmart Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mayur Liman: 
Thank you for the opportunity and congratulation on a good set of 
numbers. I have few questions. In reference to slide #12 of the 
presentation illustrating the Fino geographical footprint, they have 
slightly lower presence in the southern region. Just wanted to 
understand what are the primary geographies we are focusing on 
the future expansion given that we have projected another 10 lakh 
merchant over the next four years and the rationale behind this 
strategic positioning? Also wanted to understand our plan for the 
UPI set in terms of product pipeline or strategies formulated during 
the quarter and your expectation for the future. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Let me take the first question first. On the distribution, you are 
absolutely right, south penetration is lower than the rest of the 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 34 
India, largely because of the fact that we started from west and we 
went to east. So that is why you would see a higher penetration on 
the eastern side and the central part of the country. South, we 
started to concentrate more in the last couple of years, which has 
now gone to 13% of the overall number. In terms of the region, 
obviously the South will continue to be one of our focus areas. 
Apart from that, we will continue to grow in Uttar Pradesh, West 
Bengal, Assam, some of those central parts as well. So that will be 
the focus piece as such. Coming to your UPI question. So UPI, as I 
mentioned the switch we started last year, I mean, post that we 
have been growing our transaction. So on the UPI switch side we 
already have services around send money, UPI collect, UPI intent, 
Merchant QR, we started in this quarter, UPI’s tag for open banking 
is already there. UPI light and credit card on UPI. These are services 
which have gone live till quarter three of FY2024. Specifically in 
quarter three we have started the credit card on UPI. UPI Light and 
QR UPI, so three new services have gone live in this quarter. Total 
services which can be offered under UPI as of now is about 9 
services and we are live on seven of them. 
Mayur Liman: 
Thank you, Sir. Thank you so much. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Shailendra from 
Agreya Capital Advisors LLP. Please go ahead. 
Shailendra Agarwal: Sir, I have a couple of questions. The digital revenue component, it 
is scaled up very well. Can you give me a bit more break up of what 
these revenue components are? The second question I had is that 
you received RBI approval for doing international remittances for 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 34 
couple of years now, but I still do not see that as a product suite 
that you have yet. So any hurdles in that or what is the status on 
that? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Hi, let me just take your first question of right observation, digital 
now contributes around 8% of the quarter three revenue and 
around 5% of the nine month period. Let me just attempt to give a 
break up, we have some interchange fee coming, which contributes 
around 1% of the 8% in quarter three, an earlier question also was 
there in terms of the UPI tag utilization and we just goes back to my 
earlier statement as well. Digital for us is a profitable genesis which 
we are looking at a D2C as well as B2B. Now here we have done a 
B2B wherein we provide payment services UPI pay in and UPI 
payout. That together constitutes around 6% of the total revenue. 
Obviously, there is some meaty incentive also which comes on, 
mobilization of the digital. So that contributes 1%. So that is the 
breakup which I have given for the quarter, which is the 8% of the 
revenue mix which is happening. I think digital is an important 
proposition. We said that we not only want to do a B2B but also a 
D2C. We open 79000 accounts and some of these are funded 
accounts as well, which is like a subscription model, which we are 
essentially running now. Future also we will use this for cross selling 
the kind of accounts 2 lakh plus account which we opened until now 
and we are growing as well. So that is the genesis of our digital 
profitability, which we run through. That is the first one, sorry, you 
can just remind me the second question again. 
Shailendra Agarwal: International remittances as a product. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 34 
Ketan Merchant: 
That is a good one. We had I think a year back attempted to have IR 
and we attempted a pilot coming across in some southern states as 
well. But the kind of response which we were essentially getting it 
out was not very encouraging. So whilst the product exists off, we 
have not attempted to ramp up because the products which are 
with a relatively higher margin is something which is going on. We 
closed the product, the answer is no. But have we gone big into the 
IR product or as we had anticipated 18 months back? The answer to 
that is also no. 
Shailendra Agarwal: Thank you for that and if I could just add one additional query. You 
are forecasting like if I see in the last three, four quarters your CASA 
buildup on a month on or a daily basis at the 8000 to 8500 mark 
and you are giving a forecast of when you anticipate that total CASA 
accounts to reach by 2028. My question is can you be a bit more 
aggressive or is there something that is holding you back from being 
more aggressive in getting CASA accounts? 
Ketan Merchant: 
That is a very good observation and a thought process and I will just 
give our thoughts out here. We are not going after volumes and I 
have said this earlier as well. For us CASA, it is not only about future 
cross selling, it is about creating annuity income. So the kind of 
accounts which we are opening we are attempting to do two things 
and the important aspect out here also goes back that it is the 
acquisition phase is important, liability enhancement is equal 
important, so which accounts are we going with is also important. 
Between a subscription and non-subscriptions broadly we are 
looking at an 80-20 kind of a scenario and we are largely there. To 
answer your question and our projections as well when we are 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 34 
going to that 2.6 Crore or 2.8 Crores kind of a number in 2028, we 
are expecting a steady kind of a growth. We are not going to go 
over aggressive in just opening the account at the cost of 
compromising our annuity income. I think people will recollect at 
some stage a year back we had said our annuity income or the 
renewal income will exceed the new to accounts income. As we 
stand now that has already happened 60% of our CASA the ratio 
between the subscription, the first year subscription and renewal 
now is 40:60, so we are creating that annuity base and we will 
continue the current phase rather than going over aggressive in 
terms of acquisition, but the quality will become a very key when 
we go into SFB as well. 
Shailendra Agarwal: Thank you so much and all the best for period ahead. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Muskan from 
Concept Investwell. Please go ahead. 
Muskan Mundhra: Thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions. First is how 
many of your existing CASA customers come from renewal in the 
second year and subsequently again in that third year and what are 
the renewal fees, and my second question is, is there any strategic 
changes we are implementing to increase the same number? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Answer to first question our renewal rate is around 83% for the 
customers who are using our digital platform. So that is the kind of 
renewal rate, if 100 people come, subsequent year around 83% 
renew. If they are using digital on a total basis it is anywhere in the 
range of 61. So 100 of people come in year two 61 renew, in year 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 34 
three again the 61 renew. So that is the kind of a renewal rate 
which we are looking at and that is the reason for the annuity 
increase which you have seen. 
Rishi Gupta: 
On the second year also roughly 90% odd who actually renew in the 
first year, they come in the second year also for renewal and the 
fees for renewal is the same as the first year. 
Muskan Mundhra: The second question about any strategic changes to implement the 
increase in that number. 
Rishi Gupta: 
More in terms of see that number is already we are focusing a lot 
on analytics, customer experiences, merchant education and 
merchant level engagement. So a lot of those pieces are actually 
already there. So from a strategic point of view, if you ask me, there 
is no strategic new thing which we are doing or whatever we are 
doing. We are doing it more and focusing more on in terms of 
building up the customer experience, so the renewal can become 
better. 
Muskan Mundhra: Thank you. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Divyansh Gupta 
from Latent Advisor. Please go ahead. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
I have a couple of questions. First one is that as the digital adoption 
keeps on increasing, then let us say the share of revenue that the 
merchants were earlier getting, that stream of revenue will keep on 
reducing for the merchant sale. So earlier when we had launched 
we had value prop of saying that merchants would get a reasonable 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 34 
line of income, but now that will go away. So how do we see the 
merchant ecosystem still being aligned with Fino to keep providing 
services or it will become more and more let us say our own infra 
getting created to service the customers. 
Rishi Gupta: 
So we will continue to focus on building up the merchant 
ecosystem. Obviously the ecosystem is moving from cash to UPI, 
but we are engaging with the merchant in terms of CASA 
onboarding, CASA renewal income. We are trying to push more 
digital products through the same platform. We already have 
shared the plan to convert into an SFB. A large part of the lending 
portfolio also will be extended to and from the merchant 
ecosystem. So from a cash, from a pure transaction platform is also 
becoming more ownership. We have started to see some of the 
merchants who are actually are able to make a few thousand 
rupees per month because of the balances which get built up in 
their account. So let me take this a little further in terms of 
conversation and that is very important for people to understand. 
So see if a merchant opens 1000 accounts and that 1000 accounts 
has some balances, on that balance there is a plan in which the 
merchant runs a few basis points of income. So that itself has for 
some merchants has crossed Rs.1000 and in some cases it has 
crossed even Rs.10000 per month. So it is like it is building up like a 
annuity revenue model for the merchant also very keen to similarly 
like a LIC model where you take a insurance and second year, third 
year if you continue to pay the premium, the LIC agent continues to 
get commissioned from LIC. The same way in case of merchants and 
that is what we are driving our merchant ecosystem that we start 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 34 
opening CASA accounts and build balances that is where the liability 
piece comes in. So as you build more liability, not only that the Fino 
makes money, but the merchant also makes more money. So that is 
driving the merchants also to come to Fino on the CASA platform 
and build balances and over a period of time we will be able to start 
lending also as in the SFB avatar that will also help the merchant 
build up some more revenue streams. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
You had mentioned that digital is also there. So do they get a rev 
share of digital? 
Rishi Gupta: 
That is important because that is a good add on which we have 
done is that when a new account is opened, we actually incentivize 
the merchant to download the Fino Pay App for the customer or 
help the customer download the Fino Pay App on that download 
also the merchant makes some money, and the model also the way 
we have build up is that any transactions which you do through the 
Fino pay model and there is a revenue which gets accumulated or 
we get some revenue that also will be shared with the merchant. So 
merchant also is incentivized to move the customer from a cash to a 
digital platform. So one thing we have to realize is the digital 
journey is good for the nation, it is good for the customer, and it is 
good for the company. So as the digital journey becomes more our 
ability to do more business with the customer also substantially 
improves, because then we have the direct connect with the 
customer over and of the merchant connect as well. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it, understood, and the UPI stack that we have right. So you had 
mentioned that around 1% of that overall 8% right 1% of revenue is 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 34 
coming from interchange and 6 to 7 is coming through the B2B 
payments. Whereas we have also mentioned that 37% of our 
customers are digitally active. So what is the definition of this 
digitally active because that 1% against that 37% seems a bit 
disconnected? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Let me just attempt to demonstrate what does that digitally active 
customer means because that is also relevant from a CASA renewal 
perspective, as we said that the person who is digitally active, their 
renewal rate is around 80% plus is what we are looking at. So guys 
who are our customers and are transacting on the UPI are defined 
as digitally active kind of customers. Their mainstream of revenue 
besides or the most differential besides what I just said about the 
B2B and the interchange scheme also emanates from the CASA 
renewal kind of a scenario. Now a scenario of comparing an 
interchange with a 37% is not the right comparison. Comparison of 
this 37, vis-à-vis the renewal income of 68% growth is the right 
comparison, 37% and as and when that increases of our renewal 
propensity increases is what we are looking at. The remaining part 
of the digital income which contributes 8% is as we have explained 
of which can be on account of offers. People using our UPI handle 
may or may not be essentially our customers. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it, and what are the steps that are being taken to increase this 
37%, let us say by the time we become a bank, where do you see 
this number reaching while 100% is always desired, but where do 
you see realistically this number charging? 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 34 
Rishi Gupta: 
Very interesting question. I can talk about for the next half an hour, 
but I will try to break this into two-part. One is that this digitally 
accretion which is happening is also happening on account of two 
factors. One is the involvement, the people buying smart phones 
and the younger generation becoming more active on the banking 
ecosystem. So this we are seeing more on the urban side. We are 
starting to see a little bit on the rural side and I believe as the 
smartphone penetration will go up, and not only the younger 
population but not so young also will start using smartphones or 
UPI for transactions, the penetration would go up. 37% itself is 
quite remarkable and much higher than what we had anticipated 
about a year or so back and you would have seen the numbers have 
gone up in the last one year also. So we continue to believe that 
this number will continue to grow with the new accounts which we 
are opening. I think on the new accounts the number is 40% plus of 
customers which are being on-boarded, more than 40% of them are 
actually using UPI 40%-45%, but because there are some old 
customers who have been there which may not have smartphones 
and that is why it is still 37% on an overall basis. But on incremental 
basis it is much higher. 
Divyansh Gupta: 
Got it. Understood. I will come back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harsh Shah from 
Reliance General Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Harsh Shah: 
Hello, Rishi and Ketan. Congratulations on strong set of number. I 
have joined the call bit late. Wanted to understand our strategy 
regarding the SFB model. So who would be the potential customers, 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 34 
what will be our strategies regarding branch location and how will 
we be going ahead forward from here. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Actually, sorry for the interest of the larger people who are 
essentially there. This, we covered it on our speech as well and 
there was a very detailed question as well. So if you are okay, we 
can separately pick up so that we can effectively utilize time of 
people who are on the call. I do understand this thing, but we can 
separately pick that up. 
Harsh Shah: 
Definitely, okay. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Deepak Agrawal from APBL. 
Please go ahead. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Hi! Congratulations on the great set of numbers. I have only one 
question. We have seen there is a quarter-on-quarter decline in 
CASA income, that we safely raise the annuity income as you have 
mentioned in this call itself? What could be the reason of this 
decline? 
Ketan Merchant: 
This question resonates with the earlier kind of scenario. You are 
talking about the sequential kind of scenario which we are looking 
at. Earlier we were asked question that we are opening 2.5 lakhs 
new accounts. Do we want to aggressively go onto that as well? 
From a new to bank customer we have add that is around 7.76 new 
customers coming off our ratio between subscription and non-
subscription typically varies between around 80 to 82 as well. So 
whilst our focus is on annuity income, we are seeing a subscription 
based income suddenly going up as well. So relatively flattish kind 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 34 
of a subscription is on the back of the account which we are limiting 
it off. However, our focus continues to be on the renewal which will 
give us a higher annuity income and this actually is a similar 
question when someone asked will you open from 8000 accounts a 
day, will you try and open 10000 accounts a day. We would rather 
not do that, rather we will focus how much of this will give us 
annuity income and also point to note is we have our balance is 
increasing as well which is under the treasury which is coming 
across. So a 51% kind of an increase which is coming is not factored 
into CASA but comes under the treasury income. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Just to add to what Ketan is saying. There is no trend to this. It is 
coming down or it is more or less in the same range. Our belief is 
that it is more of a product mix which could change between 
subscription and non-subscription products 80% to 82%. So there is 
no trend in such in this. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Dhruv Shah from 
Ambika Fine Cap. Please go ahead. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Hi team, thanks for the opportunity. Rishi, I had a question on your 
average balance, which has been constant for 3 quarters actually, it 
has been declining and if I do a rough math for your FY2025 target 
that is Rs.1500 per account. So can you just guide us how you going 
to increase the customer balance in your account for next one and a 
half year? Because I guess for 3 quarters, it has been constant 
around Rs.1100. 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 29 of 34 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes, good question actually. Again, so your observation is bang on 
what we are seeing is that as the customers are becoming more 
digitally active and the new customer balances which we are seeing 
ranges between 1400 to 1500 on an average because of the 
average balance older customer balances being low the average 
balance has not grown to that level which is expected. With the 
new customers coming at a higher amount so our average balance 
for our UPI customer is about Rs.2000, for transacting customer is 
about Rs.1300 to Rs.1400 and for non-transacting is about Rs.800 to 
Rs.900 which is there and that is why it comes around 1100 or so. 
So as the customer mix changes from low transaction and no 
transaction to more transacting and UPI induced digital customers, 
the balances will go up. Over and above that as I mentioned, we are 
doing a lot of initiatives also on liability buildup, which is both at the 
merchant level, at the customer level. We have recently launched 
our new Fino Pay app also we have launched a new website also 
which is there. We are also engaging with the merchant to build up 
their own revenue, recurring revenue for merchant from the 
balances which the customers are keeping and customer 
experience initiatives are also being taken. Merchant engagement 
models have been built. So that we can do deeper engagement with 
the merchants. A lot of work actually is happening on building up 
the liability franchise, which will become the foundation for the SFB 
model as we get into it. So there is definitely a lot of work which is 
there. Generally what is being seen and you would see that trend 
which is there is generally not because not specific to see, but 
generally there has been a relatively subdued growth on the liability 
business for all the banks and some banks we have seen that the 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 30 of 34 
numbers have actually come down also. So fortunately for us at 
least we have been holding and there is an 8% growth vis-à-vis last 
year. But lot of efforts are being put on and some of them were 
definitely gain traction and we should see a positive trend in the 
quarters to come. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Fair point, Rishi, and just on a follow-up question, as you mentioned 
that banks are right now facing a CASA issue and still you are 
projecting because your whole model is based on the liability 
franchise, you still think that you will be able to achieve such a good 
growth in your deposit franchise? 
Rishi Gupta: 
Yes. See, absolutely. Ketan, you want to take this? 
Ketan Merchant: 
Yes, I think it just goes by a couple of quarters back when we had 
given our thoughts on liability based franchise on SFB. Our growth 
in liability is based on two things. One is as Rishi just alluded 
towards the liability incentive etc., we are doing the higher 
proportion of the digital accounts which have a higher average 
balance and the third one is on the normal acquisition strategy. I do 
not remember maybe two quarters back we had actually given a 
building block that with the kind of around 30 odd lakhs account 
which we expect to open year-on-year this thing, we will have a 
substantial growth coming on account of these new accounts as 
well. So it is both the value as well as the volume kind of increase 
which we are showing, and to mind currently our cost of funds as I 
said earlier is around 2.2% maybe we will at some stage take it to 
somewhere around 3%-3.5% as well, or maybe even more. We will 
still have some arbitrage coming over SFB. The external function or 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 31 of 34 
the external event which are happening in liabilities which we are 
all aware of and we will take a call as in when it comes on changing 
any of these strategies, but liability back franchise will be our 
mantra for SFB. 
Dhruv Shah: 
Fair enough. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Chandrasekhar 
from Fidelity. Please go ahead. 
Chandrasekhar: 
Just on the AEPS business just how much of the issue is while you 
did highlight about the UPI and cash ship, how much of it is related 
to the earnings. There was some issues around the frauds or, I 
mean, how much of it is basically recoverable after that the issues 
get sorted or how much of it is basically just not going to come back 
and that is one and the second is this how do we just think in terms 
of top line growth, is that still that 20% number over the next few 
years, something still on given the pace at which AEPS is coming off, 
I do not know how do you think about that, and then just as a 
follow up again to previous participants question on CASA it is still 
not very sure on, I do not want to be reading too much into the 
sequential decline in the CASA numbers but that the renewal 
income have gone up and we have added a lot more subscriber in 
this quarter the number of CASA accounts have gone up I was just 
curious to understand how is the CASA income actually gone down. 
Rishi Gupta: 
So two things. Let me just start with the AEPS part. On the AEPS 
side there has been a drop in the total AEPS volume as such off-us 
volume in the last one year or so. So that is partly affected the AEPS 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 32 of 34 
degrowth which we are seeing. The second is also the fraud which 
was happening in the ecosystem in the last one year. Part of it has 
already got addressed in Fino’s case we have largely been able to 
address that. So from where we are, I think we should see a positive 
turn on the absolute number of the AePS in rupees in crores, while 
the percentage may still continue to be in the range bound because 
our other businesses will grow faster than that. So that is on the 
AePS side. The other question was on the revenue growth. So 
revenue growth, we have been projecting a 20% growth as such 
over the last couple of years and we have been achieving it. This 
year also we have a 20% growth target and we seem to be largely in 
place, 19% is something which we have achieved in the first nine 
months. Hopefully with a better quarter, in quarter four we should 
be in the 20%. We should be in the same 18% to 20% range in the 
next couple of years also took off and as the lending portfolio will 
start to build up, the numbers would start showing more than 20% 
growth also as we get into that business and coming to your CASA 
part. Ketan you will take. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Let me attempt to address it with some numbers. As Rishi or maybe 
I also said earlier, I do not think we should read too much into 
number of accounts getting open or CASA revenue on a sequential 
basis, the remaining flat or marginally up and down. So reason 
essentially is the change in the product mix at times which happens. 
As I mentioned earlier, typically our subscription to non-
subscription remains in the range of around 80-82 to 20-18 on the 
sequential quarter I think in quarter two our subscription had gone 
to around 83% which is come to around 79% also that is why it is 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 33 of 34 
remaining flat essentially, but for us the continuance or the renewal 
income which will create a sustainable annuity where we are 
focusing on. Having said that, do we expect any material or 
substantial change in any of these percentages. The idea is no. We 
will want to maintain this equilibrium of subscription and non-
subscription largely in the in the range which I just mentioned. 
Chandrasekhar: 
Got it. Perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint that was 
the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Rishi Gupta: 
Thank you everyone for joining the conference. As I said, our TAM 
strategy is largely working fine. We are pushing transaction both on 
the digital as well as on the physical channel. While digital is 
showing a higher growth largely because of the ecosystem shift 
which we are seeing, acquisition is running fine in terms of 
acquiring customers and leading to renewal income as such. 
Monetization plans link to SFBs largely with the application going it 
is largely getting into place as such. So the discussions around 
digital Fino 2.0 has also progressed well as we discussed on the UPI 
as well. The throughput increase on the UPI and the product 
availability on UPI has been there. Technology plans are much in 
line with our expectations and we expect to launch a new core 
banking platform along with the hard of the core over the next 12 
to 15 months and that will help us to be ready for the next five 
years as well as technology is concerned and that is from my side 

 
 
 
Fino Payments Bank Limited 
February 01, 2024 
 
Page 34 of 34 
and we will be happy to engage with you on a one-to-one basis as 
we meet. Thank you. 
Ketan Merchant: 
Thank you everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect 
your lines. 
