 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                       
 
 
 
Registered Oﬃce: BSE Limited, Floor 25, P J Towers, Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001, India. T: +91 22 2272 1234/33 | E: corp.comm@bseindia.com 
www.bseindia.com | Corporate Identity Number : L67120MH2005PLC155188 
 
 
 
BSE - PUBLIC 
February 07, 2024 
 
To, 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
 
Symbol: BSE   
 
 
 
 
 
                          ISIN: INE118H01025 
 
Ref: Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call held on February 05, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated January 29, 2024, intimating you about the conference call 
with Analysts/Investors held on February 05, 2024, please find attached the transcript of the 
aforesaid conference call. 
 
This intimation will also be available on the website of the Company: www.bseindia.com 
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For BSE Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vishal Bhat 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
VISHAL 
KAMALAKSHA 
BHAT
Digitally signed by VISHAL 
KAMALAKSHA BHAT 
Date: 2024.02.07 18:03:11 
+05'30'

 
BSE LIMITED 
Q3 FY 23-24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
 
 
 
 
February 5, 2024 
BSE LIMITED 
25th Floor, P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  

 
1 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the BSE Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference 
Call. 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the Company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions, and expectations of the Company as on the date of this call. These 
statements are not the guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anand Sethuraman. Thank you and over to you sir. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much, Rayo. Good evening, everyone. 
Before I start, apologies from our side as our board meeting went longer than expected and 
welcome to BSE's Earnings Call to discuss the Q3 FY 2024 Results. 
Joining us on this call is the BSE's Leadership Team consisting of Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy 
– Managing Director & CEO; Mr. Deepak Goel – Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sameer Patil – Chief 
Business Officer; Ms. Kamala K – Chief Regulatory Officer; Mr. Girish Joshi – Chief of Listing and 
Trading Development and Mr. Subhash Kelkar – Chief Information Officer. Also present here are 
the members of our Business, Finance and Investor Relations team. 
Do note that this conference is being recorded and the transcript of this call along with the 
earnings release and the presentation can be found on the investor relations section of the BSE 
India webpage. Before we get started, I once again remind you that our remarks today will include 
forward looking statements. Any actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by 
these forward-looking statements and any forward-looking statements that we make today on 
this call are based on assumptions and BSE assumes no obligation to update these statements as 
a result of new information of future events. 

 
2 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
With this, I now hand over the call to Mr. Sundararaman Ramamurthy – Managing Director and 
CEO, to give a brief overview of the Company's “Financial and Business Performance” for this Q3 
FY 2023-24. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
Thanks, Anand. Good evening, everybody and a warm welcome to all our esteemed stakeholders 
for joining the call today. It gives me great pleasure as always to address you all today. 
I am happy to say that 2023 has been crucial in laying the foundations for the future growth of 
BSE. We have successfully initiated a significant milestone by laying the foundation of our equity 
derivatives segment. Our achievements in 2023 paved the way for the next steps to be delivered 
in 2024. We have a strategic plan with the expansion of our core data centre and onboarding new 
members in our trading business. These are the critical bricks to complete our presence across 
the integrated value chain allowing us to innovate and shape capital markets in line with evolving 
client needs and making BSE even stronger to deliver future growth. We have actively responded 
to evolving investor preferences and market dynamics and the results are evident. 
The key driver of our growth has been the performance of our equity derivatives contract, that 
are Sensex and Bankex. As you recall, we relaunched these derivatives in the month of May 2023 
with the aim of providing investors with enhanced flexibility and hedging opportunities. This 
move has proven to be immensely successful exceeding all our expectations. I am particularly 
delighted to announce that BSE ranks second among exchanges globally and our flagship index, 
Sensex, ranks fourth in terms of derivatives contracts traded in 2023 according to the data 
published by Future Industry Association. It also gives me pleasure to inform you that Sensex 
derivative is still growing and broke its record on 2nd February 2024 when more than 49 crore 
contracts traded representing a notional turnover of Rs. 356 lakh crores and a premium turnover 
of Rs. 27,500 crores. Our trading systems also processed more than 220 crore orders and 9.6 
crore streams. Since the relaunch, 375 members have traded BSE derivatives representing more 
than 23 lakhs UCCs. The Bankex contracts has also generated significant interest, expiry date 
change to Monday on October 16, 2023. Today, in its 17th Monday expiring, the Bankex contracts 
created a new record with 9.7 crore contracts traded, representing a notional turnover of 75.7 
lakh crore. We are constantly monitoring its performance and will revise it like we did with our 
Sensex contracts. One crucial area requiring our immediate focus is further diversification of our 
participant base. We haven't seen the full spectrum of market participants actively engage with 

 
3 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
our derivatives platform. Expanding our member base is a top priority for us in order to build 
liquidity on non-expiry dates and longer dated contracts. As a part of our commitment to 
providing the fastest, most reliable and cost-effective trading experience, we are investing in 
developing a good co-location facility. While this will incur some expenditure in the short term, it 
is a strategic investment that will deliver benefits in the long run. We are confident that this will 
solidify BSE's position and drive our continued growth in the years to come. 
We now have the ability to process around 800 crores plus orders across segments up from 110 
crore orders about 6 months back. In terms of trades, we have upgraded our capacity to handle 
18 crore trades from 2.25 crore trades about 6 months back. 
Let me now start with “Financial Updates”: 
 I'm happy to inform that BSE has achieved another milestone breaking our previous quarterly 
revenue record, achieving revenues of Rs. 431.5 crores compared to Rs. 245 crores in Q3 FY23, a 
growth of 76%. Similarly, BSE's operational revenues have grown by 82% to Rs. 371.6 crores 
driven by strong volumes in equity, equity derivatives and mutual fund distribution segment. The 
net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company stands at Rs. 108.2 crores compared to Rs. 
51.6 crores in the corresponding quarter previous year.  
I will now share some of the “Key Financial Numbers” on a consolidated basis for the quarter 
ended December 31st, 2023, as compared to the corresponding quarter previous year:  
Revenues from transaction charges increased by 163% to Rs. 166 crores aided by growth in 
equity cash, equity derivatives and mutual fund segment. The clearing and settlement operational 
revenues increased by 81% to Rs. 32.9 crores. Treasury income from clearing and settlement 
funds have increased by 115 % to 46.9 crores. Listing related income increased by 20% to 89.4 
crores due to contribution by book building income and annual listing income. Other operating 
revenue, which includes data dissemination fees, training income and software income has 
increased by 19% to Rs. 21.4 crores. Investment income increased to Rs. 54.6 crores from Rs. 34.8 
crores. The operating EBITDA for Q3 FY24 stands at Rs. 91.9 crores up from Rs. 39 crores and 
operating EBITDA margin increased to 25% as against 19% the corresponding quarter last year. 
Similarly, the net profit margin improved to 25% from 19%. 
 

 
4 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
I also want to appraise you of two key factors that impacted our profitability: One is contribution 
to core SGF. BSE’s clearing arm, ICCL, had to contribute an amount of Rs. 91.7 crores for Q3 
FY2024 towards its equity and currency derivative segment. This is 67% higher compared to 
entire previous financial year. Second is clearing and settlement charges. As you know, these 
charges are a function of the fee levied on the clearing and settlement services provided by 
clearing corporation. BSE has incurred a cost of Rs. 63.8 crores on a standalone basis compared 
to Rs. 40.2 crores in the previous quarter. 
On the business side, let me start by covering our primary market segment: 
BSE platforms continue to remain the preferred choice by Indian companies to raise capital by 
enabling issuers to raise Rs. 4.12 lakh crores by means of equity and debt bonds, commercial 
papers, etc. 
Moving on to our trading segment: 
For the quarter ended December 21, 2023, the average daily turnover in equity cash segment 
stands at Rs. 6,643 crores compared to Rs. 4,234 crores in the corresponding quarter last year. 
Like I mentioned earlier BSE equity derivatives volumes have picked up with average daily 
turnover growing up to Rs. 71.14 lakh crores in terms of notional turnover as of December 2023. 
The average daily turnover in currency futures stands at Rs. 5,558 crores compared to Rs. 20,937 
crores in the corresponding quarter last year. 
Now let's get into our mutual fund distribution segment which continues to do well: 
BSE StAR MF delivered yet another quarter of record revenues and performance up 55% year-
on-year to reach Rs. 32.84 crores. The total number of transactions processed by BSE StAR MF 
grew by 60% to reach Rs. 10.99 crore transaction in Q3 FY24 from 6.86 crores in the 
corresponding quarter last year. BSE market share stands at greater than 89.5% among 
exchanged distributed platforms. The BSE StAR MF has been consistently reaching new highs in 
terms of transactions with the platform processing a new high of Rs. 4.34 crore transactions in 
Jan 2024. On average, the platform processed Rs. 3.2 crore transactions per month in the current 
financial year as compared to Rs. 2.2 crore transactions per month in the current financial year. 
We are going to continue focusing on StAR MF and improve it in terms of scalability, functionality 
and order processing. 

 
5 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
The BSE Group directly or via subsidiaries also had its presence in other related business, 
including India International Exchange (India INX), BSE's exchange at GIFT City, BSE Ebix, 
Insurance Distribution Platform with Ebix Inc., the Hindustan Power Exchange HPX in association 
with PTC India and ICICI Bank, BSE E-Agricultural Markets, BEAM, Spot Platform for Trading in 
Commodities, and BSE Administration and Services Limited. BSE is committed to these new areas 
and is constantly working with partners for the growth of these businesses. As we move forward, 
we see that there is a significant opportunity to continue to expand and evolve these businesses. 
In closing, I want to say that 2024 will be another transformational year for BSE. With the projects 
we are implementing, the plans we are preparing, which I am confident will shape the future of 
BSE Group. All of us will be working hard on numerous transformative projects including 
expansion of data centre, a new mutual fund platform enhancing our data and index business, 
numerous regulatory projects, and improving our clearing and settlement services. I am certain 
that our diversified business model, our hard work, and our agile operating culture combined 
with our continued cost discipline will allow us to shape the capital markets for future. 
With these updates, I now hand over the call back to Anand. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Thank you so much sir. With this update, I would like to open the floor for questions and answers. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Pranav Thakkar, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Pranav Thakkar: 
 
Thank you for the opportunity. And congratulations on receiving outstanding CEO Award in 
Capital Markets. Sir, if you can share update with reference to the merger which is proposed in 
GIFT City, where we are and how long it will take? 
 
 

 
6 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you so much for the congratulatory message. My apologies that my throat is very bad and 
in case I cough in between, my apologies for it. GIFT City as you know is very, very close to our 
heart and it is a project of national importance and as you know that we were the first exchange 
to be there and we are doing whatever we need to do there in the most expeditious fashion, the 
way that we can move around for furthering the cause of GIFT City and therefore there is a unified 
approach to the outsiders as far as India is concerned through GIFT City. The work is on. It is very 
tough at this point of time to put an exact timeline to say when it will get completed because 
whatever work we are pursuing today has lot of requirements to be fulfilled from multiple 
regulatory agencies. But what we are able to assure at this point of time to our investors, is our 
commitment and steadfast work that we are continuing to do with our GIFT City. 
Pranav Thakkar: 
And sir, if you remember, I made a suggestion that some of the data publishing site like Sensibull 
or Opstra are not publishing the data with reference to Sensex and Bankex which they typically 
publish for Nifty, Bank Nifty or Finnifty. So as a shareholder, I request if anybody from the team 
can approach them because as I see the larger picture, if any analyst appearing in the Business 
News Channel, they normally refer to data about call open interest before giving any 
recommendation. So the frequency of the calls which are coming on Sensex and Bankex are 
comparatively very low, or you can say almost negligible. So if we can do on that front…? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thank you so much for your kind suggestion. We value your suggestion, and we will take your 
advice. We have been continuously putting our efforts to any agency who wants our data to 
provide it. And we also proactively approach agencies for providing the data wherever it could be 
of service to the investors. We totally take your advice, and we will continue our efforts and 
journey towards making visibility of Bankex and Sensex to increase. One reason probably could 
be, is the other products which are typically covered are 23-year-old. Since we are in the initial 
stages of growth, probably it is taking time. With good people and well-wishers like you and our 
efforts, I think soon we will be able to get more popularity for Sensex and Bankex. Thank you so 
much once again for this. 
 

 
7 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Devesh Agarwal from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Sir, my first question is around the equity derivative segment. If you could share the blended tariff 
for the quarter as well as the payment that we have made to NSE for the clearing and settlement 
for the third quarter, just for the equity option segment. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
So, the blended numbers and all it keep on changing. If they keep on changing, I think we have put 
still whatever it is in the presentation. One minute let me refer to the number and tell you. 
Currently it works out around 2145, but what I need to tell you is that these numbers can keep 
on changing because the mix is going to change and therefore this will change.  
Anand Sethuraman:  
Hi, Devesh. If you refer to our investor presentation, we have a slide on equity derivatives 
segment. So, if you can see, we have given the total revenues, that is Rs. 34.2 crores, and you can 
see the premium turnover, that's around Rs. 4,030 crores. So if you can just do a simple division, 
you'll get a blended rate of our equity derivatives. And also, as you know, we have slab-wise 
structure for Sensex derivatives, and we have a flat fee of Rs. 500 per crore for Bankex. So, this is 
the rate that is coming up as of now. Slide 14, you can refer to our investor presentation. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Right, Anand. I think the tariff part is clear. If you can help me with the cost part as well, the 
amount that we have paid to NSE? 
Anand Sethuraman: 
If you heard our further speech, we did mention that the BSE incurred a cost of Rs. 63.8 crores for 
Q3 as compared to Rs. 40.2 crores for Q2. So this was given as an update in the speech as well. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Right, so this is largely for equity options. 

 
8 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Anand Sethuraman:  
Yes. 
Kamal K: 
 
Anand, if I may add, payments is to NCL and not to NSE. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
Yes, so just to clear, we make payments to both NSE clearing as well as to ICCL. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Okay. And for the SGF contribution that we made during the quarter, again, you mentioned largely 
it's for equity options. So, my understanding was that because a large part of clearing is done by 
NSE Clearing Corporation, the obligation of SGS to a large extent would be on them and not on us. 
So, to that extent, this 90 crore contribution has surprised. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Sorry for interruption, one element of clarity. The SGF contribution of 91.2 has not arisen out of 
the trading volumes or whatever it is from equity options. It has come from our activities in 
currency derivatives segment. 
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
So, I just wanted to know, will this run rate continue any sense that you can give for the coming 
quarters? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
It's a very good question that you are asking. The SGF computation, as you know is based on the 
regulatory parameters that have been put in place and has multiple parameters including the 
open interest, the market volatility, etc. So, since it is very difficult to predict the volatility part of 
it and open interest at any point of time, and it certainly fluctuates, so it's very difficult to give a 
forward-looking number as to how would be the SGF growth. Suddenly you find in one quarter 
or in one month, there is some activity, which as per the SEBI parameters when you compute 
necessitates in a contribution to the SGF. So it is, at this point of time not possible to quantify what 
will be the future trend of SGF requirement. 

 
9 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Devesh Agarwal: 
 
Right sir. And sir, can you share the UCCs between Sensex and Bankex just to know what is the 
scale up that has happened in Bankex and how much it can more grow? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So the Sensex at this point of time, we find 23 lakh UCCs have traded till now and on expiry day, 
last expiry day that day we found around 7 lakh UCCs participating. All the UCCs who are in Sensex 
are also part of Bankex, but in trading part of it, around 2 lakh UCCs are participating in Bankex 
at this point of time, last expiry, that is today when we have seen. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from Marcel, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Marcel: 
 
First of all, I have a strong suggestion that being an investor of BSE, we always want to stick to 
BSE and all our reports we want to see in BSE. But there is a very severe problem in the IT portal 
of your Company of BSE Exchange, whenever we see the corporate announcement of any 
Company, it simply gives the message that the page you are looking for has been removed or error 
404. So, sir, can you please direct this to CIO to fix this problem. If I can get email ID of him, I can 
send him screenshot also because it becomes so embarrassing that if we never want to open the 
other exchange website. We only want to go through your website, but then we are forced to just 
drop your website and go to the other exchange website to see the result of any Company. And it 
happens even if some announcement has come three days ago, today we cannot see because the 
page always shows error. Many times it shows error. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
I am extremely sorry to hear this. Our sincere apologies that you faced with difficulties. My 
humble request is if you could please send a mail to us so that we can get in touch with you and 
we will certainly work on this. 
Marcel: 
 
On which email ID should I send sir? 
 

 
10 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Anand Sethuraman:  
You can send it on bse.ir@bseindia.com and we will forward to the relevant people in BSE. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Prayesh Jain from Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain:  
So, I have total 3 questions. Firstly, is on the question that Devesh was asking earlier. If I look at 
the currency volumes, they have been significantly lower when we compare YoY and still, we have 
contributed good Rs. 90 crores to SGF. So why is that? That was the first question. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
You have asked a very, very valid question. When the volumes in currency have gone down, why 
are you contributing a significantly higher amount to the SGF, is your question. It's absolutely 
very valid from a perspective of optics. But what happens is the computation of SGF is as per a 
prescribed methodology of SEBI. It does not consider volumes in that perspective. It considers 
the open interest at the individual level and any concentration at any individual level and also the 
volatility associated with markets apart from various other factors. Given by those parameters, 
the number comes as an increase of Rs. 92 crores. Logically, it becomes very difficult to take it but 
that is what the current formula is. And we have to abide with all the regulatory requirements. 
Prayesh Jain:  
The second is on the clearing and settlement cost. So, what would be, how would we bring this 
down? So, one was obviously the longer dated options volumes and possibly you would need 
institutional investors to use Bankex and Sensex for hedging their portfolios. That would be one 
of the things or the second move could be people changing from NSE clearing corporation to our 
clearing corporation, where are we in both of those elements to bring the clearing and settlement 
costs down? Because that's kind of taking away the profits for us. Yes, that would be my second 
question. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
So very good question that you're asking. Actually, there is another method apart from the two 
you said. It is the clearing corporation deciding to charge reasonably. That is the first method 

 
11 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
actually to be very honest. We have already requested the other clearing corporation. The lion's 
share of the clearing is done by our members with NCL. We have written to them telling that it is 
too much of a cost and they should relook at it because it is long time since the interoperability 
agreement was signed between clearing corporation. And it is time to review that, and we have 
been requesting for a review. So that we will continue to pursue. With regard to the institutional 
volumes, it is more important that even from a clearing and settlement perspective, in order to 
ensure, first of all there is a volume growth, there is sustainability, there is scalability, and there 
is open interest across all expiries, it is very important to increase the institutional presence in 
the derivatives market. We are working seriously with foreign participants, FDI clients. The 
reason is Indian domestic institutions do not have large scope for trading in equity derivatives. 
So, it should be only through the foreign participants we need to bring in this type of a stability in 
terms of open interest and trading activity across multiple expiries and the effort is on. 
Prayesh Jain:  
Lastly, could you mention the kind of investments you would be doing for the co-location services 
and when do we see this to be a revenue driver for us and what could be the size of the revenues 
that we can look at? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Yes, good question again. So the investment is ongoing and as you know these are all not short-
term projects because it is not about bringing up something in a physical manner. So it takes some 
time. The projects are on. The projects will start delivering racks to us somewhere in the first 
quarter onwards of this calendar year, I mean not the financial year, and going forward 
throughout the year, it will be month-on-month delivering some additional racks. At this point of 
time, the main focus is to get the facilitation done for the investors and the brokers and other 
members. And once the volumes pick up, monetization will happen at the appropriate rate and 
the appropriate time. Monetization happens generally in two fashion. One is about the rack rent. 
That is more of a cost recovery. There at this point of time, our rack rents are much lower. So we 
will bring it to market levels at some point of time. As I say, at the appropriate time. And about 
the order messages per second, which also generally gets charged elsewhere, we will look at it at 
the appropriate time. So it is a question of more what the market can take and how the market 
grows. So now the primary focus from our side is to ensure the infrastructure is available for 
people to participate, deepen the markets, bring in greater stability, and therefore a good product 
for the future.  

 
12 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from Santhosh Kesari from Kesari Finance. Please go ahead. 
Santhosh Kesari: 
 
I just have two questions. One is that what is the net cash balance of the BSE at this point of time. 
That's my first question. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So I will ask my CFO to see. I think what you are asking is what is the net cash balance. I don't 
know whether I have understood the question well. I will ask my CFO. 
Deepak Goel: 
So Santhosh, at this point in time, we are maintaining a net cash surplus of about Rs. 2,000 crores. 
Santhosh Kesari: 
 
My second question is about the distinction between treasury income and your other income that 
you are showing in the presentation, if you can just clarify on this one? 
Deepak Goel:  
So Santhosh, investment income has been shown separately in standalone as well as in 
consolidated financial results. For the current quarter in consolidated basis we have under 
investment income of Rs. 54.57 crores and at standalone level we have got a treasury income of 
Rs. 41.2 crores. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from Deepak Ajmera from IGE Family Office. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
 
Looking or comparing with the NSE profitability, we are already at 15%-16% of the profitability 
level, market share level. But the profitability, if I compare with NSE, they’re generating almost 
10,000 crore of profit from options and by when we can expect Rs. 1500-Rs. 1600 crores profit at 
the current market share? 
 

 
13 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Honestly, I don't think I have a reply for this because if you would have recalled my previous 
conversations as well, we are doing it from the perspective of providing a marketplace which is 
vibrant, which helps in addressing concentration risk and provides very good complementary 
product. That is the way we are measuring our success and incidentally that give rise to the 
profits. So our focus will continue to remind the same, to make BSE vibrant and provide a very 
good vibrant complimentary product which helps in reduction of concentration risk. How much 
it will contribute to profitability? Is the profitability comparable? These will be very difficult 
questions because of the simple reason. If you look at the contribution of profits, from the top line 
to the bottom line with increasing profitability, exchange being fixed cost business, the marginal 
contribution to the bottom line by every rupee added to the top line goes on increasing. So it is a 
question of how we are able to make the products of BSE relevant and vibrant so that we get into 
the trail of increasing marginal contribution of the topline to the bottom. So that will be our 
continued effort. 
Deepak Ajmera: 
 
I asked this because lots of scope is there on the charges side also. And mainly on the charges side, 
currently we are charging much less charges. And it doesn't impact as such the turnover related 
charge, Rs. 3000 or Rs. 2000 or Rs. 500. So that's going to be one thing? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy:  
It's a very, very fair point that you are making. Yes, we do feel that there are a lot of good 
opportunities for us to increase the revenue of BSE. We look at revenue from two perspectives, 
how we are very careful and conscious about spending, the cost part of it we are very careful 
about. And in respect of revenue, as I promised to the shareholders at some point of time in the 
last-to-last quarter, that appropriate time we will start charging for derivatives. We have started 
charging. We have made a beginning. We very closely watch the market and its behaviour based 
on whatever we are doing. And based on market feedback, based on the voice of customer, we 
will be very much considering whatever appropriate levies to be made from time to time and that 
will certainly show up in the increase to profitability. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jayan Kharote from Jefferies. Please go ahead. 

 
14 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Jayan Kharote: 
 
Two questions from my side. One is just digging on the SGF piece a little more. Is there a part of 
the Rs. 91 crore which was towards currency derivatives or was all of it towards that? And 
secondly, what we've seen is our currency derivatives, ADTV has been sort of consistently or 
steadily moving down. So if you're moving on the same trajectory, it's fair to assume that the SGF 
piece will be at least as far as these levels or lower and not more than this? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Your second part of the question was not audible to me. First part was audible. In the first part, 
you asked whether it is all because of currency derivatives or part of it towards currency and part 
of it towards equity? To clarify, it is all because of currency derivatives. The second part of the 
question was not properly audible. If you could please summarize and repeat again, I'll be very 
happy to answer. 
Jayan Kharote: 
 
Yes, sir. Just to summarize, basically our turnover in currency has been steadily coming down. So 
if this trend continues, is it fair to assume that the SGF contribution should be similar or lower 
incrementally? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
See, as I told, it is just not the volumes that decide the contribution to SGF. As you have observed, 
the volumes have come down but still the contribution has gone up. So it is, it may not be that fair 
to assume that if the volumes continue to go down there will be no SGS contribution to currency 
segment. 
Jayan Kharote: 
 
No sir, I didn't say no, I said similar or lower but not more than this. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
That is a probable way to look at, but it is very difficult to predict because as I told you the 
computation of SGF is based on a host of parameters. It is just not a linear model. Because it is not 
a linear model, it is very difficult for anybody to predict what it will be. 
 

 
15 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Jayan Kharote: 
 
And second question, sir, in terms of monetization of our derivative piece, at what levels of 
premium are we comfortable moving in? Basically, we've seen Bankex also do steady Rs. 5,000 
crores – Rs. 6,000 crores of premiums on Monday. Is there a number that you have in your mind? 
How do you think about moving ahead with monetization over there? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
So it's a good question again. So if you recall, last to last quarter when the same question was 
asked to me about Sensex, the point that I made was it is just not the volume on a single day or 
volume on multiple days that clearly makes us to decide whether it is the right time to charge. We 
look into a host of factors, including the participants and various other things, which makes us 
feel comfortable. And we also go to the markets to talk to them about, understand from them what 
their plans are so that we will be able to take a conscious call. So it is not possible for me to just 
say if Bankex volumes touch this many crores, I will start charging. It's a host of factors which we 
look into to find ourselves comfortable that by charging. We are not killing a product, but we are 
only growing, making it grow. 
Jayan Kharote: 
That's very fair says and just a last question if I could just squeeze in on the clearing piece slightly 
longer term, is there any regulatory tweak or change that you feel is necessary to make the 
clearing market sort of more level playing? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
See, our country has the benefit of a very proactive regulator who thinks about all aspects. So, I 
am sure wherever there is a need for any regulatory intervention, they will intervene. 
Jayan Kharote: 
Anything that you feel is needed right now from BSE perspective? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So at this point of time, we are already putting ourselves on multiple areas of work. As I told you, 
we are talking with the NCL for review of the agreement. We are also talking to large scale 

 
16 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
participants to ensure that there is a deeper contract, open interest across multiple expiries. That 
is where we are engaging ourselves at this point of time. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Aman, who is an individual investor. Please go ahead.  
Aman:  
Within derivative segment, what is the contribution of Bankex versus Sensex? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
You are talking in terms of volumes or are you talking in terms of revenue? 
Aman:  
You can tell either, revenue preferably, but if you can volume. 
Anand Sethuraman:  
So Aman, just to answer your question, today almost 82% of all volumes are on our BSE are from 
Sensex options and the rest are from Bankex options. 
Aman:  
Secondly, again on SGF only, almost Rs. 150 crore has been spent on the SGF fees. Out of that, 91 
crore you said is for derivatives and I'm assuming the 60-odd crore must be spent between the 
regular equity and the equity derivative. Is it possible that such a dramatic impact which we have 
seen for currency segment can also happen for the equity derivative segment at some point in 
future, depending on whatever calculation methodology which the regulator has defined? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
First of all, Aman, there is no further Rs. 60 crores in this. It's only Rs. 90 crores, and I don't know 
where you are getting another Rs. 60 crores to put it up as Rs. 150 crores. Kindly look at it. It is 
the contribution to the SGF only, Rs. 92 crores, arising fully out of currency segment. And I can 
only repeat the same answer if you ask me to project anything on SGF. It is based on a host of 
factors as decided by the parameters are provided by SEBI. So any projection whatsoever in 
respect of any segment you ask, any number of times, any number of investors, the answer has to 
be same.  

 
17 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Aman: 
It is not possible to be projected. I got it. So within this Rs. 90 crore- Rs. 92 crore number, there is 
no contribution for the equity derivative business?  
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
I think I have already clarified it three times. I'll clarify it for the fourth time. This entire amount 
is for currency derivatives. 
Aman:  
Okay, but something like this, the Rs. 92 crore what has happened for currency, can it possibly 
happen for equity derivative as well? That is my last question. 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
I heard the same question before also from you, and I replied. It is not possible for me to predict 
whether it will happen for equity options or not because it is a complex algorithm. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. Next question is from Amit Chandra from HDFC Securities. Please go ahead. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
My first question is on the pricing. Obviously, you have answered on the pricing part, your thought 
process on charging for Bankex, but if I see in comparison to what NSE is charging versus what 
BSE is charging, then all the other segments we are at par with NSE or even higher. So is there a 
thought process in place that we can match the pricing with NSE? And also in terms of SGF, 
obviously you have answered the question, but if you can provide the total SGF that we have and 
also the SGF amount in all the various segments, currency versus equity?  
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
Amit. If you ask four questions together, I may not remember. In fact, now I don't remember the 
first question that you asked. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
First on the pricing matching with the NSE. 

 
18 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
As I told you, it is not a question of benchmarking game with NSE. It's a question of the product 
and what impact the pricing will have on the bid-ask spread? How much of bid ask spread 
increase will happen if there is a cost from the exchange? How much it will impact liquidity? At 
what levels the bid-ask spread increase will not matter for the liquidity perspective. These are 
the points that we look into before getting into charges. So simply to say that NSE charges are this 
and BSE charges should be same as that may not work because in the interest of the product, the 
product's liquidity is paramount to ensure. So I will not therefore be able to immediately answer 
because these everyday go on evolving, the liquidity keeps on evolving, bid-ask spreads keep on 
evolving, the depth evolves. That is what we look for. When we look for all these factors, the depth, 
the participation spread, the bid-ask that comes, the liquidity available across strikes, all that we 
bear in mind before deciding, at the appropriate time the charges will certainly be levied for 
Bankex. 
Amit Chandra: 
Second was on the SGF spread between the various segments and where we are underfunded and 
where the funding is appropriate. And also, if I just compare with the other exchange, they have 
almost doubled their SGF in the last one year. So can we see our SGF also doubling from here on?  
Anand Sethuraman:  
Just to answer your question, the contribution to our SGF is available on our Clearing Corporation 
website. So the total SGF number we have as of February 2024 is Rs. 916 crores, of which Rs. 381 
crores is for the equity segment, about Rs. 100 crores is for the equity derivatives and Rs. 400 
crores for the currency derivatives segment. So obviously if you see the trend, even ours for SGF 
has kind of doubled over the last 2.5 years and these numbers will continue to evolve as the 
regulatory requirements come up. 
Amit Chandra: 
 
My last question is on the premium collection that we have across Sensex and Bankex. What are 
you doing to improve the depth of the contract? So maybe the premium collection on the non-
expiry days has not seen that significant improvement as we are seeing on the expiry days. Also 
our premium collection as compared to the notion volume is one third of what we are seeing in 
NSE. So any thoughts on that, how we can improve that? 

 
19 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
So the first part of it is like this. To increase the participation across expiries, we are doing 
multiple things. As you know currently, the charges that we levy in respect of Sensex is only in 
respect of the current week. The next week and the next to next week and all continue to enjoy 
the benefit of Rs. 500 per crore of premium in order to encourage participation in slightly longer 
dated options compared to the current week alone. And that is one exercise which we have 
already done and which we have put in place. The second exercise that we are doing is we are 
trying to work with all the foreign institutions and other institutional participants to see how 
much of trading activity and interest they can bring into the market because many of them are 
into not current week, they are into other weeks as well. That will bring in a lot of stability. So one 
is domestic by way of the transaction charges which we talked about. Second is institutional 
participants which we are trying to make to deepen the other markets. Hope it is clear and 
answering your question. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Karan, who is an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Karan:  
I just have two questions. Firstly, if you can provide the YOY growth in cash and F&O turnover 
according to the investor category. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Hi, Karan. If you see, we do provide this information on our website. It is available under the 
heading category-wise investor turnover. So this information is available on a BSE website and is 
available on a daily basis. 
Karan:  
And secondly, any new products in the pipeline that you're looking to launch? 
Sundararaman Ramamurthy: 
 
Thanks for that question. It's a very important question that you have asked. Any 
conceptualization of a new product is a long-term exercise, and it is a continuous effort, as you 

 
20 
 
BSE - PUBLIC
would agree. And it is based on the voice of customers and what the market wants. While we 
continue to engage with market participants in understanding their need for a new product, it is 
very important for us at this point of time to understand that just October onwards, which is 
Bankex is trading, which is around three to three and a half months, and Sensex is not even full 
year of operation since we instituted the change. So we want to give them some time for them to 
stabilize and grow further. Once it is there, based on the continuous exercise that we are doing 
with the market participant in understanding their needs, we will come up with product 
propositions which can add value to the market. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you. We'll take that as the last question. I would now like to hand the conference back to 
Mr. Anand Sethuraman for closing comments. 
Anand Sethuraman: 
Thank you, Rayo. And thank you everyone for joining us today. We have taken all the feedback 
that you guys have given us, and we'll try to incorporate it in our presentation. If you have any 
more questions, please feel free to write to us at bse.ir@bseindia.com. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
 
Thank you very much. On behalf of BSE Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect your lines. 
