Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
Head Office: C-14 A & B, Sector 1, Noida – 201301 Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar, U.P. India 
Tel: +91-120-6752100, 6752278, Fax: +91-120-2521866, 2521966, Website: www.motherson.com 
 
February 16, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building  
P.J. Towers, Dalal Street  
Fort 
MUMBAI – 400001, India  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G-Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400051, India 
 
Scrip Code: 517334 
Symbol: MOTHERSON 
 
 
 
Ref.  :   Transcript of Investor Call      
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
This is with reference to our letter dated February 12, 2024, informing about the audio recording of 
conference call with Investors on the unaudited financial results for the third quarter and nine months 
ended on December 31, 2023.  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the aforesaid conference call.  
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company: www.motherson.com  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours truly, 
For Samvardhana Motherson International Limited  
(formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited) 
 
 
 
 
Alok Goel 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Regd Office: 
Unit – 705, C Wing, ONE BKC, G Block  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East 
Mumbai – 400051, Maharashtra (India)  
Tel: 022-61354800, Fax: 022-61354801  
CIN No.: L35106MH1986PLC284510 
Email: investorrelations@motherson.com  
 
ALOK 
GOEL
Digitally signed by 
ALOK GOEL 
Date: 2024.02.16 
16:51:07 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
“Samvardhana Motherson International Limited (SAMIL) 
Formerly Motherson Sumi Systems Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
Mr. Vivek Chaand Sehgal, 
Chairman 
 
Mr. Laksh Vaaman Sehgal, 
Director 
 
Mr. Pankaj Mital, 
COO and Whole Time Director, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Kunal Malani, 
CFO, SAMIL 
 
Mr. Rajat Jain, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
COO, Vision Systems Business Division 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 13 
Moderator: 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Q3 FY24 results conference call of                                
Samvardhana  Motherson International Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” 
on your touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal. Thank you and over to you, Mr. 
Sehgal. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining the Result 
Conference Call of SAMIL. 
I'm pleased to announce that the board had approved the results for quarter three and 
congratulated the various teams. SAMIL has delivered a strong performance across all 
business divisions on the back of automotive industry having good growth across 
regions. The leverage ratio has been reduced to 1.7x from 1.9x. Having accounted for 
all the closed acquisitions, we are very comfortable with our debt and liquidity profile 
and the visibility to reduce further by the year end. India is at the center of our expansion 
plans. We see a lot of traction coming for automotive and non-auto businesses in India. 
And to support this further growth, we are setting 11 Greenfields in India. 
Our focus on operations, proven financial discipline, and continued trust by our 
customers are demonstrated in our results. 
I will now hand over to Vaaman to provide further business insights, and the team is 
here to answer all your questions. Vaaman! 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you, Papa. Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. I'm pleased to announce that 
we have achieved outstanding results in the quarter, showcasing robust revenue growth 
and a consistent improvement in EBITDA. 
SAMIL reported revenue of Rs. 25,700 crores reflecting a Y-on-Y growth of 27% and 
EBITDA of about Rs. 2,400 crores reflecting a Y-on-Y growth of 42%. Our net profit on 
a normalised basis is at Rs. 733 crores and has grown by 61% on Y-on-Y basis. The 
reported PAT has impact of hyperinflation about Rs. 190 crores, particularly in our 
operations in Argentina, where the currency has significantly devalued from about 200 
Pesos to a US dollar in March 23 to about 800 Pesos to a US dollar in December 23, 
resulting in strict controls by the regulators there. We are in discussion with our 
customers on the best way forward. There's more information on this on slide nine. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 13 
Our performance is to be viewed against a backdrop of stabilizing macro indicators with 
energy and commodity pricing showing visible signs of improvement. However, inflation 
and the geopolitical conflicts continue to create headwinds for us. The global automotive 
production has witnessed good growth on an aggregate basis, 9% year-on-year, 6% 
quarter-on-quarter, with a quarterly run rate production of 23.9 million cars at par with 
pre-COVID levels. Whilst developed markets are still behind about 10%-15%, I think 
emerging markets continue to propel growth. Sequentially, there was a slower ramp up 
by North American OEMs post the UAW settlement and significant growth in the EU, 
albeit on a lower base and India coming of peak demand during the festive period. 
In the 3rd Quarter, Motherson closed three acquisitions being Dr. Schneider, Deltacarb 
and SMAST. The M&As that have been closed during the year are contributing 
meaningfully and are adding revenues of about Rs. 4,000 crores in revenue and 
EBITDA of about Rs. 410 crores in this quarter. Happy to inform you that the integration 
for all the closed M&As is going seamlessly and as per plan. 
India has always been an important market for Motherson and continues to be a hotbed 
of new opportunities for auto and non-auto businesses like Papa was saying. Most 
OEMs are building new capacities and to support this growth and align with the 
customer requirements, we are building 11 new Greenfields in India which are in 
different stages of completion and the majority of them will come on stream in FY25. 
There's more information on this on slide 12. 
We are reiterating the CAPEX guidance given in the last quarter of Rs. 4,500 crores 
plus minus 5% for FY24. Given the substantial inorganic growth, M&A payouts about 
Rs. 4,550 crores net of cash and CAPEX for future growth, our leverage ratio had ticked 
up in the last quarter. I am pleased to tell you that there is a reduction in this bringing it 
down back to 1.7x from 1.9x where we were. We're also fairly confident, as Papa was 
saying, with the current visibility of this going sub 1.6 by year end. We are quite 
comfortable with our liquidity position with undrawn committed lines and cash for about 
Rs. 11,000 crores and incrementally committed financing for pending M&As. This 
provides us with sufficient firepower to continue to move towards our Vision 2025 
targets while maintaining financial prudence. There's more information on this on slide 
11. 
We continue to monitor the ROCE metric by focusing on improving operating 
performances across our divisions and the red, yellow, green status of all our plants. 
ROCE excluding the Greenfields and the M&A's that are done in the current 5-year plan 
has improved from 16% in the first half of the year to more than 17% in the 9 months. 
Even on a reported basis, the ROCE is north of 15% as of 9 months FY24. This is short 
of our target, but will only improve from here as we move. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 13 
Our performance is a testament of our hard work and trust by our customers and we 
will continue to build on this momentum. With this, I would like to conclude and open 
the floor for any Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. First 
question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera from Nomura. Please proceed. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Thanks for this opportunity and congrats on a good set of numbers. Sir, first on this 
model mix, which you said has been an issue in terms of the vehicle OE mix being 
weaker in the quarter. Just wanted to clarify, this impacts only the SMR vision or module 
segment, or there is an impact which is there in other segments as well? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
This is Vaaman here. Thanks for that question. Of course the larger impact is on the 
international business because the share volume is much larger. But just so that you 
know, I think we still maintain that the long-term trajectory will be more favorable 
towards these trends that we have spoken about before of premiumisation, the higher 
level of cars and the transfer that will happen from one type of engine to the other. But 
it's just happening at a much slower pace and there will be variations in the quarter. So 
it is dipped a little bit. We still believe that the long-term impact will continue in the trend 
that we've seen over the last I think couple of years albeit at a smaller slower pace. The 
good news is that we are fully supplying to all the different models. So where you see 
one thing go down, we see growth in the other sectors, and that's how you're seeing 
still growth in the overall performance of the company. I hope I was able to answer your 
question. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Yes, so follow up on that is that if you look at the profitability, clearly, it has been much 
ahead of what we would have expected, and given the weaker mix, that was also a 
surprise. So, can it possible to indicate whether we can see sort of this sustaining or 
improving going ahead. And does this also factor in some of the cost pressures which 
you have highlighted on the labor side and other areas in the quarter? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, thanks. Look, of course, it's been a challenging quarter. I would say a challenging 
year, right? I mean, there were multiple impacts that were happening with geopolitical 
wage increases, commodity moving. So I think one, of course, we are grateful to the 
customers for their support and help as well as we go through these things and try to 
discuss with them the different impacts. And of course, the team's hard work to continue 
to focus on reducing the cost, improving the efficiencies and delivering the performance. 
So it is a kind of a mixed bag. I think there are new and new challenges that we saw in 
the last year. But like I said at the start of my speech as well, that we're seeing more 
stability. I think the worst is behind us. Things are stabilising, and we have reached that 
new normal that we'd spoken about in the earlier calls and that is again helping us to 
now build efficiencies and show you improved numbers. I think as this continues to 
stabilize, we should have even better performance from here. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 13 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, one last question is when you have indicated the incremental revenues from the 
new acquisitions in the quarter than the profitability, the biggest one was Schneider and 
if I look at the profitability, it is close to 10% probably in the quarter. So, Schneider I 
remember was acquired at maybe close to 0% margin. So are we already close to 
double digits for that entity or am I reading it correctly? So just needed your clarification? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Yes, I think you are reading into everything, so that's good. But look, that's the part of 
how we do acquisitions, right? We look to pick up assets that are performing poorly, 
work together with the customers to create a plan, increase operating efficiencies, and 
we enter the asset already with a game plan of how to improve it. So that's obviously 
playing out. Our plan is under execution. The teams are over there that are making sure 
that this asset continues to grow from here, not be in the in the financial condition that 
it was and of course it's all part the plan that we had put into place when we were going 
to acquire that asset and to turn it around and that is playing out. So the teams are 
doing quite well and ahead of their targets. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it sir. So last question, if I may, we have seen interest costs continuously going up. 
So if you can guide now with the debt levels also coming down like you have guided, 
what should be the sustainable level of interest cost we can see going ahead? 
Kunal Malani: 
Hi Siddhartha, Kunal here. So look, there is a function also of our low cost debt getting 
refinanced at current rates, which is what is driving this delta that you are seeing. Plus, 
there is the whole Argentinian net monetary position, which is also lying in the interest 
cost right now. We hope that the Argentinian piece we are able to solve along with the 
customer sooner than later and should not be an ongoing feature forever. The rest as I 
think we de-lever, you should be able to start seeing some of the reductions that will 
happen on the interest rate side as well. Having said, so do bear in mind that we still 
have a 300 million bond payout coming due, which is a 1.8% bond that will be coming 
due in June. So when you adjust these factors against the current rates, obviously you 
may still see some rise on a quarter basis. But on an average yield on the debt, you 
should be able to see a reduction. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Amyn Pirani from JP Morgan. Please 
proceed. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Thanks for the opportunity and nice to see the ROCE number on a reported basis also 
starting to improve. My first question is on the wiring harness business, very strong 
improvement on EBITDA as well. So first, the clarification is a large part of this driven 
by PKC and the reason why I ask this is because that business also has a lot of volatility 
because of the exposure to China. So how should we think about this going forward? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Hi, this is Pankaj here. Well, this is all around. So this is the total number of the whole 
wiring piece, including be it India or PKC or MWSI or other subsidiary companies in the 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 13 
wiring space. So you would have seen that in the wiring space, yes, there have been 
improvements because the business was hit in the past with the rising costs and also 
supply chain issues which have been getting normalised and improvement in the 
performance all across. PKC does have some business in China. I mean, it is not the 
largest piece of business because our larger pieces are in Europe and in Americas, but 
we have seen improvement in China as well from the past. So this is all around, all 
across improvements which have been done. 
Amyn Pirani: 
Just on the impact of the Red Sea, you have mentioned as to how things were looking 
in 3Q. But I'm guessing they have become more problematic as this quarter has gone 
by. So just for our understanding, in case freight rates were to move up massively 
because of this, how does the current arrangement with OEMs work in terms of whether 
it is borne by you or is it a pass-through? And are there discussions because you're 
already having a lot of discussions with the OEMs on a lot of cost items. Is this 
something which is an extra thing or is there a pass through here already incorporated? 
Pankaj Mital: 
See, generally, freight costs depending on the different contracts with the customers 
because if we are procuring something which is directed by the customer, of course it's 
a pass through whereas if we are delivering certain products to them, in many cases 
customers have an arrangement where they pick up the products and they pay for the 
freight. So again, in a way it's a pass-through, but where we deliver, it's our cost and 
these kinds of things get discussed because we work in a transparent and a trustworthy 
way with our customers. So these are issues which may not be part of the contract, but 
they come under discussion. So there are two aspects to it. One is that the cost of the 
shipping goes up as the routing gets changed and also the lead time of the products 
which are to be delivered or imported into different geographies, they get impacted 
which were passing through the Red Sea. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Just one addition, most of our production is taking place close to where the customer 
is, so it wouldn't be too much really. Pankaj, if you can elaborate. 
Pankaj Mital: 
Most of our business is located in the geographies where the customers are. So that's 
how we have always operated. So it is just a mention that probably that there are issues 
which can happen because of the Red Sea, but majority, more than 95% businesses 
very close to the customer's location. So that doesn't get hampered in that sense. But 
if it leads to on an overall basis, some issues that as of now, we don't see any issues in 
businesses which we are doing close to the customers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Hi sir. My question pertains to this clarification on revenues of acquired assets in the 
quarter of close to Rs. 4,000 crores. This includes Dr. Schneider as well as SAS Auto 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 13 
and other acquisitions done in second quarter, right? That's for all the assets acquired 
in the current financial year and not just the assets acquired in 3rd Quarter. 
Kunal Malani: 
That is right. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it. And secondly, with respect to this Red Sea issue, so while obviously freight rates 
and those things will be volatile, but are we seeing any impact of this on our efforts to 
normalise inventories, which has started to show some results over the last few 
quarters? Are we seeing that getting impacted? 
Kunal Malani: 
Look, Jinesh, right now we are not seeing an impact. I think it is still muted. Having said 
so, obviously if this becomes very volatile, this is the natural impact of saying, then we 
have to keep a higher inventory level to take care of any supply chain volatility. But as 
things stand, we should still be deleveraging on the working capital side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. 
Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the comments that you made around the low-
cost debt getting refinanced, I think this is something that you will see a lot playing out 
through the market where everybody is seeing these refinancing happen now. In that 
context, are you seeing a lot of opportunities of M&A come up in the market and should 
we expect this momentum that we've seen in the last year or so on acquisitions from 
your side that should hold up this year as well? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, fingers crossed. I mean, we will only do acquisitions which the customers really 
tell us. But if seeing the trend that is happening, I think what you're seeing is fairly 
accurate. There should be a lot of opportunities coming our way this year. But like I 
said, we don't wake up in the morning and try to hunt for companies with issues or 
something like that. We are patient, we will follow the customer's lead. We only do 
acquisition on the customer's behest. But yes, it looks like there will be a lot of 
opportunities coming this year. 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
We actually guided them at 36 billion for the end of next year, isn't it? We think she's 
right because there is going to be a lot of pain in the system. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Sorry, I missed that number, sir. What is the guidance for? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
That's a 5-year target, which we had said in 2020 that we would like to be a $36 billion 
company. So we are hopeful that we get opportunities to get that this year for the 
remaining bit that's still there. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 13 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, got it. And if you could also talk about this Lumen acquisition that you did in 
December, I think it's a very different segment than what we've been doing so far. So 
some color around that will help. Is it like a new segment that we're looking to scale up? 
Rajat Jain: 
My name is Rajat Jain. I'm heading the Vision Systems Vertical. So yes, in a way, you 
are right that it is an expansion into a new segment. So Australia, as you would know, 
that there is no automotive manufacturing in Australia anymore, but it's a very thriving 
market for import of cars and then also for the dealer fitments. So this is a company 
which works very closely with OEMs and creates the kits for dealer fitments. So as the 
cars get imported, they are all going through these dealer fitments for side conversion, 
for tailor fitting, for all the accessorisation that happens. So all of that then is coming as 
a new addition through this company and then they are also going into the same 
business in other markets. So they are gradually going into South Africa. They're also 
going into US, American markets. So it is still a very small setup, but yes, holds a very 
high promise in the future. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
OK, got it. The second question I had was on the SAS. In your presentation, you talked 
about onboarding of new customers, start of vertical integration. Can you just update 
us more on what's happening at SAS? And how should we think about both the revenue 
ramp up that you all had called out and the margins there, how should they improve 
factoring that vertical integration is happening? A little bit color around now that the 
company you've integrated the acquisition into, how you've integrated the acquisition, 
so some color around that? 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Sure. So just want to add that Lumen's acquisition, almost 30% is wiring harness. Right, 
Pankaj? 
Pankaj Mital: 
Yes, sir. So there are a lot of things which come from the group's strength, which we 
bring into this acquisition as well. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, I’ll just take the SAS question on the strategy side and Kunal maybe will add a little 
bit onto that for the numbers. Look, SAS was very important for us because they’re a 
real tier 0.5, fully managing all the assembly, all the suppliers and delivering the entire 
cockpit dashboard for customers in global locations. And I think with our footprint 
manufacturing capability and our customer spread that allows us to really take a full 
solution to the customers all the way from designing, manufacturing, assembly and 
supplying just in time, just in sequence, just in line to the customers for that. So, of 
course, integration was the first step which has been completed. We are pleased to 
announce that it's gone exactly as per plan. The customers are also quite happy. There 
were absolutely zero disruptions in supplying to the customers. On top of that, now we 
can go to the customers with a complete solution of not just obviously the assembly bit 
that SAS was doing, but also the manufacturing piece, the design and engineering 
piece, which complements what we are doing together with SAS. So for the new 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 13 
quotations, we are going to the customers as one unit, giving them the complete 
solution to be able to do things that they were probably not able to get from Motherson 
group in a portfolio and that's what's really exciting, that we can take a larger piece of 
the manufacturing, engineering, and assembly side, and the customers can focus on 
what they do best is selling their cars and that's already started to play out. We've 
already going to customers bidding on new programs. So hopefully that should show 
color in a couple of years once those programs wins happen and the launches happen, 
but it's a really exciting moment for us to integrate them and add another level of, let's 
say, offering to our customers and it's really been welcomed by the market. And like I 
said, SAS has the opportunity to bring in new customers from the Motherson fold. And 
our Polymer division has now the capability to deliver the just-in-sequence, just-in-line, 
complete cockpits like we haven't done before. So that's on the strategy side. On the 
numbers bit? 
Kunal Malani: 
Gunjan, I'm presuming that the numbers are clear. On slide 9, we had highlighted what 
three acquisitions are delivering. All of them are margin accretive and profitable as it 
stands in Q3. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Okay, last question if I can squeeze in on the PKC outlook. Given that there is still the 
exposure to US and Europe truck cycle, is there anything that we are reading from our 
customers that things may be slowing down for this year on the truck outlook both in 
US and Europe? 
Pankaj Mital: 
See the outlook which we have is that in Europe, there has been some softening of the 
demand may happen. But in US, at the moment, the demand is quite strong as it was 
before. So it continues on a strong footing in that sense as of now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from Incred Capital. Please 
proceed. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So following up on the same SAS arguments you put out, considering that it's a large 
piece of your topline, you have achieved in the first quarter itself 11% margin looks like. 
Is there any one-off you booked here and what's the runway for margin expansion 
because this looks to be a margin accretive business now versus when you acquired 
it? 
Kunal Malani: 
So look, SAS was always a profitable business. So I am not sure where that comment 
is coming from. But having said so, yes, I think we've been happy with the performance 
of the asset and hopefully as it gets transformed under the Motherson scheme, where 
we can add a lot more components to it, a lot of customers to it, and also learn from it. 
I think at an aggregate level, we should be able to synergize very well with the asset. 
The early stages of vertical integration has already kick-started, so it does augur well to 
how the asset can play out as we move ahead. Having said so, I think the business has 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 13 
a degree of volatility that will happen, so I would not suggest to start looking at it on a 
very quarter-on-quarter basis. I think every business has its own nuances and might be 
better off to view it over a year period or at a few quarter period rather than just look it 
at one quarter and build things out. There is no one-off that exists in this quarter. The 
one-off of Argentina that is part of SAS has anyway been called out separately as you 
would have seen. When it comes down to the other assets, as I said, it's all margin-
accretive. When Dr. Schneider was brought in, we had highlighted that it would be 
profitable from day one and I think the team has done well to deliver that. We continue 
to work on it to try and build further synergies on this and hopefully improve the 
performance from here on. So right now, as it stands all the assets that we have 
assimilated as on date are all profitable. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Basudeb Banerjee from ICICI Securities. 
Please proceed. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
A few questions for Kunal. First, if I look at Q-o-Q interest also increase of almost Rs. 
130 crores – Rs. 140 crores. So out of that, 122 crores because of Argentinian  
adjustment am I right? 
Kunal Malani: 
That is right. A large chunk is driven off the Argentinian piece. The Forex loss is 
associated with that. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And the rest minor increase is because of the refinancing higher cost, what you expect? 
Kunal Malani: 
That's right. So if you remember, we had a Rs. 2000 crore NCD which has been paid 
down in September. And the new financing is obviously at a much higher cost. So that's 
the larger piece of the delta. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
The Argentinian devaluation part is one-off. So that quantum of interest payout won't 
happen from next quarter onwards? 
Kunal Malani: 
That's right. Just to be clear, this is still right now non-cash in nature. It's not that there 
is any payment of Forex loss that has been realized. It's done on a mark-to-market basis 
and obviously we are working with the customers to try and find a solution for it. Right 
now, the Argentinian regulations does not allow us to pay the vendors, so no imports 
are being allowed to be paid and hence that's the reason why the mark-to-market on 
the payables is causing this Forex loss. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Sure. Second clarification again reported EBITDA includes Rs. 69 crores impact of 
Argentina which is almost 3% of EBITDA. So even this reported 9.2% actually EBITDA 
should have been 3%-4% higher on an adjusted basis. Am I right? 
Kunal Malani: 
That is right. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 13 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Third clarification question, revenue due to recent M&As, as you have mentioned that 
Q-o-Q increased revenue from M&As, Rs. 3000 odd crores from Rs. 1800 crores to Rs. 
4800 crores and correspondingly reported depreciation increases around Rs. 150 crore 
Q-o-Q. So this rise in the pre-reported Q-o-Q is purely driven by this higher inorganic 
revenue tripling in P&L or is it…. 
Kunal Malani: 
I could not understand the latter part, Basudeb. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Rs. 870 crore of reported depreciation last quarter is now 1000 crore plus. So this whole 
increase is because of the higher inorganic revenue coming into P&L. Is that the way 
to look at it? 
Kunal Malani: 
That's right. That together with some of the, as you understand, there is the whole PPA 
accounting, the purchase price accounting where some portions of the acquired assets 
are depreciated, the intangibles, the customer receipts, the contracts etc. So that piece 
also enhances the depreciation and amortisation piece. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
So any part of this quarter’s the depreciation and amortisation is one-off or it will remain 
at this level? 
Kunal Malani: 
No, there is no one-off. This will continue. What would happen is over let's say 3, 4, 5 
years, it's depending upon which other asset and you know what the PPA adjustments 
are over next 3, 4, 5 years, these will all die down and then it becomes normalized to 
the book value of the asset, so different assets will follow a different trajectory there. So 
you may see at an aggregate level some change, but there is no one-off. 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
And last question is roughly Rs. 4000 crore of incremental inorganic revenue means 
just some $2 billion. So, Yachiyo plus Schneider plus SAS altogether, other small ones, 
how much one can assume the broader incremental inorganic revenue. Basically, 
wanted to understand how much is left on the recurring basis to come into your quarterly 
P&L? 
Kunal Malani: 
So if you're asking about the acquisitions which haven't been closed, we have Yachiyo, 
which is the largest one, which is yet to come in. We have CIRMA, AD Industries and 
Lumen. I think these are the four which are left. If I remember right, I think altogether 
would be around about 1.2, 1.3 billion, ya 1.1 odd billion. That's the amount that is yet 
to come in from the acquired assets. Having said so, among the acquired assets, this 
time around, for the quarter, the full three months of SAS was there. The full three 
months of Dr. Schneider was there, which are the two large ones. Saddles etc, I think, 
all has been now there for a few months. Delta is the only one which is there for just a 
month or so but that's a much smaller asset. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 13 
Basudeb Banerjee: 
Understood, that's great. Will it be right to assume this delta 1.2 billion to trickle down 
fully in fiscal 2025? 
Kunal Malani: 
Yes, for the full year, yes, it will start moving in absolutely. Sure. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek from JM Financial, please proceed. 
Vivek: 
So my question is on the arrangement with BIEL Crystal. If you can share your thought 
process around this arrangement and what is the potential that lies ahead of this 
arrangement? Thank you. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Thank you for asking this question, Vaaman here. Look, in the last five year plan, we 
were very clear that while we will continue to focus on the mobility and the automotive 
business, we will also look to diversify the business and use our strengths in 
engineering, manufacturing, where we have other opportunities in other industries. 
That's why we set up complete teams to look at healthcare, again, manufacturing of 
products, logistics and as we were building up these teams at aerospace and defense, 
of course. So as we continue to make progress, and you know there is a big push in 
Make In India and a lot of new customers are coming in, new industries are growing on 
the manufacturing side and automotive having very strong reputation and capability in 
delivering highly engineered products, I think this was an opportunity that came to us 
for a partner in BIEL to make products in the consumer electronics space. We had a 
meeting of the minds and a good partnership has been started and we're going to 
obviously also try to grow in the consumer electronics space. So this will continue to 
diversify the revenue stream, give us opportunities of growth when perhaps there are 
difficulties in some other industries, this will continue to grow and bring in additional 
opportunities for our people. 
Vivek: 
Thanks, Vaaman. Any timelines for this arrangement to see a movement in terms of 
product and customers? 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
Look, we will come back to you. We've just signed the deal with the partner over there. 
As we start to get into that and start putting in the capacities, we will come back to you 
and tell you a lot more of what we are doing over there. Currently bound by 
confidentiality contracts and what we are trying to do, but rest assured it's a very positive 
development. We feel it's an exciting revenue stream for us coming down in the future 
and definitely we will already start to show in about this in the new year perhaps in a 
small way but grow up fast as we are successful as a partnership. So please stay tuned 
and we'll come back with more color on it once I have more stuff to share. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to Mr. V. C. Sehgal for the closing comments. 

 
Samvardhana Motherson International Limited 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 13 
Vivek Chaand Sehgal: 
Thank you. I think a lot has been said. Vaaman, I give it to you to do the closing 
comments, please. 
Laksh Vaaman Sehgal: 
So, once again, thank everybody for their time to come onto the call and ask all the 
questions. As always, we are always available to answer any follow-up questions. The 
contacts are there on the website. Please feel free to reach out to any one of us. We 
look forward to your continued support. It's been a lot of hard work put in by the teams 
and this being the last quarter of the year, definitely all the teams are focused on 
finishing strong and entering into the last year of our 5-year plan. So please stay tuned. 
A lot of exciting updates coming up and look forward to speaking with all of you in the 
next quarter. Thank you so much. All the best. Bye-bye. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Samvardhana Motherson International Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you all for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Safe Harbour: The transcript for the Investors’ Call has been made for purposes of compliances under SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. For the transcript, best efforts have been made, while editing the translated version of 
voice file for grammatical, punctuation formatting etc., that it should not result any edit to the content or discussion. The audio recording 
of transcript is available at website of the company, viz., www.motherson.com. This discussion contains based on the currently held 
beliefs and assumptions of the management of the Company, which are expressed in good faith and, in their opinion, are reasonable 
and can may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, contingencies, 
uncertainties, market conditions and other factors, which may cause the actual results, financial condition, performance, or 
achievements of the Company or industry results to differ materially from the results, financial condition, performance, or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any obligation or liability to any person for any loss 
or damage caused by errors or omissions, whether arising from negligence, accident, or any other cause. Readers of this document 
should each make their own evaluation and assessment of the Company and of the relevance and adequacy of the information and 
should make such other investigations as they deem necessary. 
 
