 
 
Regd. Office & Works: 8, Electronics Complex, Chambaghat, Solan-173213 (H.P.) Tel: (01792) 230644, 230645, 230647 Fax: (01792) 231902 
Corporate Identity Number: L64200HP1987PLC007466 
HFCL/SEC/23-24 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                February 09, 2024 
 
BSE Ltd. 
1st Floor, New Trading Wing, Rotunda Building 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai – 400001 
corp.relations@bseindia.com 
Security Code No.: 500183 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, C – 1, Block G 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400051 
cmlist@nse.co.in 
Security Code No.: HFCL 
 
RE: 
Intimation under Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the “SEBI Listing Regulations”). 
 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call on the Un-audited Financial Results of the Company for the 3rd 
Quarter and Nine Months ended December 31, 2023, of the Financial Year 2023-24.  
 
Dear Sir(s)/ Madam, 
 
This is further to our earlier announcement dated January 22, 2024. 
 
In terms of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III to the SEBI Listing Regulations, we hereby 
submit Transcript of the Conference Call held on February 02, 2024, on the Un-audited Financial Results of 
the Company for the 3rd Quarter and Nine Months ended on December 31, 2023, of the Financial Year 2023-
24, which were considered and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company, at its meeting held on 
February 01, 2024. 
 
This aforesaid Transcript will also be available on the Company's website at https://www.hfcl.com/.  
 
You are requested to take the above information on records and disseminate the same on your respective 
websites. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For HFCL Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(Manoj Baid) 
President & Company Secretary 
 
Encl: Copy of Transcript. 
 
MANO
J BAID
Digitally signed 
by MANOJ BAID 
Date: 
2024.02.09 
16:07:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“HFCL Limited 
Q3 FY'24 Earnings Call” 
February 02, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAHENDRA NAHATA – PROMOTER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR  
 
V.R JAIN – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
 
MR. MANOJ BAID -- COMPANY SECRETARY   
 
MR. AMIT AGARWAL -- HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '24 results conference call of HFCL 
Limited hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode, and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit. Please, over to you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Hi. Good afternoon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us for this call. In this call, we 
have Mr. Nahata, Promoter and Managing Director of the Company; Mr. V.R Jain, CFO; Mr. 
Manoj Baid, Company Secretary; and Mr. Amit Agarwal, Head, Investor Relations. So without 
further delay, I would now hand over the call to Mr. Nahata for the opening remarks and then 
we will open the floor for Q&A. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Technical glitch at the end of the conference agency has caused this delay. I'm really sorry for 
that.  
 
Good afternoon Ladies and Gentlemen and welcome to HFCL’s earnings call for the third quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2023 of FY24.  
 
I truly appreciate and express my gratitude for making it to today’s earnings call of the Company. 
I am sure that you got a chance to go through our financial results, press release and investor 
presentation, which are available on the website of the Company and also on the website of stock 
exchanges.  
 
To begin with, I would like to express immense satisfaction in witnessing the resilience of the 
Indian economy. The India growth story remains intact despite a subdued global growth outlook. 
Global economy is set for weakest half-decade performance in 30 years, said the World Bank in 
a recent report and warned that global growth in 2024 is set to slow for a third year in a row. 
Amidst this, India growth story is promising and the World Bank sees India retaining the fastest-
growing major economy title. It forecasts a growth rate of 6.4% in FY25 accelerating to 6.5% in 
FY26.  
 
India has witnessed an extraordinary decade making significant progress on innovation lead by 
technological advancement. India’s telecom market is now the second largest in the world. Our 
telecom industry is currently valued at USD 48.61 billion and is expected to reach USD 76.16 
billion by 2029, growing at a CAGR of 9.40% during the forecast period of 2024-2029. 
 
India’s Digital Public Infrastructure is testimony to its technological progress and we are well 
poised to become a global leader in Information and Communication technology (ICT) and 
becoming a global digital powerhouse.  
 
The ongoing digital revolution and investments in building a robust 5G network make us 
optimistic about the significant upswing in the demand for fiberization, both in India and 
globally. This heightened demand is further fueled by an increased governmental focus on 
fiberization including BharatNet project, the expansion of Fiber to the Home networks, the 
proliferation of data centers, widespread adoption of cloud computing, the rise of Internet of 
Things, investments in 5G capex and the continuous improvement of telecom infrastructure in 
key global markets, i.e., India, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Middle 
East and other nations.  
 
From being an ‘importer of telecom technology’, India has taken a significant leap in developing 
technologies indigenously. KPMG estimates that three technologies, 5G/6G, Satellite 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
Communication and Semiconductors, collectively will add $240 billion to the Indian economy 
in the next five years and add 1.6% to India’s GDP by FY28  
 
Government initiatives like BharatNet, implementation of FTTH, PLI scheme and growing 
demand for high-speed 5G connectivity will further foster indigenous manufacturing as a result 
of which India is fast becoming an attractive global investment and manufacturing destination. 
 
As our Company aggressively moves towards a product-centric approach, we embark on a 
transformative journey aimed at amplifying our global footprint and solidifying our position as 
an industry leader. With a strategic shift away from project-centric endeavors, we are proud to 
unveil an array of innovative telecom products tailored to meet the diverse needs of both 
domestic and international markets. This strategic evolution underscores our unwavering 
commitment to product excellence and customer satisfaction, indicating a new era of sustainable 
growth and expansion. By harnessing cutting-edge technology and leveraging our deep-rooted 
industry expertise, we are poised to captivate global audiences with solutions that transcend 
geographical boundaries and redefine the benchmarks of excellence. Embracing an export-
focused strategy, we are primed to unlock untapped opportunities, forge strategic partnerships 
and establish a formidable presence in key markets worldwide.  
 
Fuelled by sharp focus on Innovation, HFCL unveiled a comprehensive suite of next-gen 
connectivity and 5G backhauling products like Fixed Wireless Access   Equipment, MPLS  
Routers, Point to Point Unlicensed Band Radio and Unified Cloud Network Management System 
during the India Mobile Congress 2023 for both, India and international markets. We also 
launched 1728 high Fiber Intermittently Bonded Ribbon Cable, promising high-speed data 
transmission, expansion of FTTH connectivity and addressing the demands of hyper-scale data 
centers at India Mobile Congress. As per ANAROCK-Binswanger, 45 new data centres covering 
13 million sq. ft are expected to come up in India by the end of 2025. HFCL is well positioned 
to capture the growing impetus from data centres with the launch of its 1728 high-fiber IBR 
Cable. 
 
Besides launching the above telecom and communication products in Q3, HFCL is poised to 
transform its impact in the defence sector as well, HFCL through its 90% owned subsidiary, 
Raddef Private Limited, a R&D enterprise specialising in cutting edge radars and RF solutions, 
has designed a range of Surveillance Radars catered to meet diverse operational needs. These 
radars employ Frequency Modulated Continuous Wave technology offering numerous 
advantages over other radar technologies, including high accuracy, low power consumption, light 
weight and resistance to interference. HFCL is also actively engaged in the development of a 
state-of-the-art Drone Detection Radar, poised to be an important component of modern drone 
detection systems. HFCL’s ongoing cutting-edge research and development initiatives extend to 
a diverse range of radar technologies. These include Doppler Weather Radars, Threat Emulators, 
LTE-based Passive Radars, Fog and Foliage Penetration Radars, Coastal Surveillance Radars, 
Avalanche Detection Radars, Altimeters, and more. 
 
HFCL received an Advance Purchase Order aggregating to INR 1,127 Crores to transform the 
Optical Transport Network infrastructure across BSNL’s Pan India network. Within the dynamic 
landscape of India's technological evolution, HFCL stands unequivocally at the forefront of 
innovation and progress. The order aimed at revolutionizing BSNL's Optical Transport Network 
is a testament to our unwavering commitment to advancing the nation's technological prowess. 
Our comprehensive network upgrade will not only address the heightened demands of Enterprise 
and FTTH/Broadband services but strategically positions BSNL for the seamless launch of 4G 
services and the anticipation of 5G services. 
 
Another significant achievement is the receipt of INR 623 Crore order during the current quarter 
from a leading Telecom Service Provider for 5G Telecom Networking Equipment. This is first 
such large order for 5G networking equipment placed on any Indian company by any telecom 
service provider. This strategic win is a testament to HFCL’s vision of designing and 
manufacturing high technology telecom equipment in India. The newly secured purchase order 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
underscores HFCL's commitment to providing cutting-edge solutions tailored to the unique 
needs of the telecom landscape. Moreover, with enormous export market potential, these 
indigenously developed products are in line with the country's “Make in India for a Global Stage” 
vision. HFCL with its strategy is rightly positioned to not only bolster revenue but also enhance 
profitability leading to increased returns for the shareholders. 
 
In recognition of our superior quality products, HFCL secured product orders exceeding INR 
1700 crores   from its customers in the last few months. With these new orders, the current order 
book of the Company as on 31st December, 2023 stands at INR 7678 crore.  
 
HTL Limited, a subsidiary of the Company has secured an order from a Defense PSU for the 
supply of Fiber Optic Expanded Beam Plug Cable Assembly. This assembly is utilized in the 3D 
Central Acquisition Radar, a medium-range, high-resolution surveillance radar designed to 
detect and simultaneously track multiple targets in hostile environments. 
 
HTL has already established itself as a Go-To wiring harness supplier for a leading OEM, which 
is the largest supplier of logistics vehicles to the Indian Army. HTL’s Wire Harnesses is all set 
to be deployed in the popular high mobility  and specialized truck vehicles of the OEM that cater 
to the diverse needs of personnel  and logistics across the armed forces. 
HTL also secured an order from one of India’s leading vehicle manufacturers for wire harnesses. 
This order encompasses 1282 BS VI diesel buses intended for a significant state transport 
corporation. 
Our Hyderabad Optical Fiber Plant clinched the "Silver Certificate of Merit" for manufacturing 
excellence in Frost & Sullivan’s India Manufacturing Excellence Awards 2023, alongside the 
“Certificate of Appreciation for Good Practices in Digital Systems” at the 2nd FICCI Industry 
4.0 Award Ceremony. 
The Automotive team at HTL won the ‘Gold Award’ at Quality Circle Forum of India in the 9th 
Convention on Quality Concepts held recently. 
Our recent order wins are clearly a testament that our strategy of moving from projects to margin 
accretive products, launching new products, reaching out to new customers and new geographies 
is paying off well and will bolster our position even further in 2024. 
 
The expansion of Optic Fiber manufacturing capacities is progressing well and shall be 
operational as planned. In addition, the Company is also in process of expanding its optical fiber 
cable production capacity from 25mn fkm to 35mn fkm. This expansion will also lead to 
significant increase in revenue and profitability. The capacity will be added in a phased manner, 
with the completion targeted by FY 24-25. 
 
Let me now brief you on the key performance metrics of Q3FY24.  
● Revenue for Q3FY24 stood at INR 1032.31 Crores as compared to INR 1111.49 Crores in 
Q2FY24 and INR 1085.84 crores in Q3FY23 
● EBITDA for the quarter stood at INR 163.45 Crores as compared to INR 149.77 Crores in 
Q2FY24 and INR 193.33 Crores in Q3FY23; EBITDA margin stands at 15.83% for Q3FY24 
as compared to 13.47% for Q2FY24 and it stood at 17.80% in Q3FY23 
● Profit after tax for Q3FY24 stands at INR 82.43 Crores as compared to INR 70.17 Crores of 
Q2FY24 and INR 101.62 Crores in Q3FY23; PAT margin stands at 7.99% in Q3FY24 as 
compared to 6.31% in Q2FY24 and 9.36% in Q3FY23  
● Segment revenue for telecom products during the quarter stood at INR 363.83 Crores 
(35.24% of Q3FY24 revenue) as compared to INR 473.81 Crores (42.63% of Q2FY24 
revenue) 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
During this quarter, our product revenue declined QoQ and YoY, due to the continued softening 
in demand of Optical Fiber Cable. This temporary decline is in line with the worldwide trend 
seen in the last quarter and it can be attributed to inventory build-up with major operators, 
resulting in an overall reduction in revenue in absolute terms as well as lower sales realisation 
per kilometre of fiber. The revenue of all major manufacturer of Optical Fiber Cable has declined 
worldwide. 
We are optimistic that demand will be restored from next quarter onwards in both India and key 
global markets. Furthermore, we are confident that our continued efforts in designing and 
developing innovative and robust optical fibre cables for international markets, along with the 
introduction of new 5G telecom networking equipment, will further yield results in coming 
quarters. These efforts are expected to provide impetus to both revenue growth and profitability 
along with the potential to increase our margins.  
To conclude, 2024 is poised to be transformative year for HFCL. We can confidently affirm that 
our strategic focus on new products, global expansion, focus on building both capacities and 
capabilities, backward and horizontal integration has begun to yield positive results. Our 
commitment to strengthening market share and technology leadership position remains steadfast 
as we continue to invest in innovation for both cost and performance benefits.  
Thank you once again for your keen participation. With this, I conclude my opening 
remarks and open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you once again for your keen participation. With this, I conclude 
my opening remarks and open the floor for question-and-answer session. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Balasubramanian from Arihant Capital. Please go ahead. 
Balasubramanian: 
My first question regarding 5G capex side. One of the Indian telco talked about the 5G capex is 
peaked out in this year. On the global level also, 5G capex are coming down. Like what's your 
view on overall demand environment on 5G? This is my first question. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
So let me answer the first question. Yes. Thanks, Mr. Balasubramanian. 5G, when you said 
capex has peaked out, it has to be seen with respect to the application. 5G networks will again 
start growing. Its the initial stage, the 5G networks have been put on. Now the 5G network will 
grow as new applications coming in. 
But we find that one of the new applications that has come is a fixed wireless access is to the 
mobility. So we started increasing in the capex in that area. So as the applications for 5G grow 
related to IoT and other areas, medical, education, industry 4.0, you will find that 5G networks 
will again get expanded. 
Expansion will again take place. So mobility is not the only thing, which will drive 5G growth, 
it will be the applications, which will drive the 5G growth. So you find the new applications 
coming, the growth pattern is restarting in the 5G. It's a temporary decrease, not kind of a 
decrease on a permanent basis. Once the application is coming, it will start increasing again. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. Sir, as per our channel checks indicated, like still the majority of the inventories are 
with global telcos and distributor levels. Like are we getting repetitive orders and new orders 
from the telcos levels? And what's your view on this inventory issue like when the things are 
expected to shut out? 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I think you are talking about fiber optic cable, but you did not mention, we understand that 
possibly, you are talking about fiber optic cable. 
Balasubramanian: 
Yes, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
It is true. But there has been an inventory built up with the telcos as well as distributors. As a 
result of which you will find sale of fiber optic cable has slowed down, which I said in my 
opening remarks also, not only us but worldwide. What had happened a year ago in U.S. market, 
for example, delivery of fiber optic cable becomes 7 to 10 months. 
As a result of which, telcos around the world and there was a situation in many other places, 
telcos around the world had bought lot of cable anticipating that demand would be so high that 
cable availability would be low. 
So they have lot of stock so is the situation with distributors. But as it happened, Chinese demand 
was less than what was expected. And as a result of which, there was inventory build up in 
China, which was going into the market worldwide. 
So that, including then inventory accumulated with the operators, let to the –temporary lull in 
the demand. So we expect U.S. market is started looking up again. European market, we believe 
will start looking up again in the next 1 or 2 quarters. U.S. market, particularly with the 
government funding, which has been done to access the inaccessible areas of fiber is going to 
pick up very significantly in the next couple of quarters. 
So you're right, this inventory build up, there is lull in  the demand and that you will find in our 
results also that fiber optic cable sales has gone down drastically in the current quarter and in 
the last quarter also. But this is all expected to again come back to the normal levels in the next 
couple of quarters. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. Sir, right now, we are in the progress of new products on 5G. Like right now, you 
mentioned about the new applications are coming up. Like when the benefits are expected to 
realize on this new product side? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look, we have already started realizing those benefits. As I said, again, in my opening remarks 
that an order of INR623 crores has been received for  5G networking product by HFCL. Now 
Let me tell you, which I said in my opening remarks also that we are the first Indian Company 
to receive such a large order for 5G equipment for indigenously designed product, first Indian 
Company to receive such a large order for indigenously designed 5G products. 
Nobody else has done so. So this speaks itself of our initiative, which we took to design 
equipment in India keeping in view of our Make in India initiative of the Government. And 
today, we are able to receive 5G orders in large quantity. And not only this, we will be exporting 
these products to different countries also as we are doing in fiber optic cable. 
So we have done 5G fixed wireless access equipment, other networking equipment, routers for 
example, which are used in 4G and 5G both. But specifically, the routers which we have 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
designed are going to be used in large quantity in Bharat Net, which government has already 
announced and draft RFP has been frozen for industry consolidation, and we expect the final 
tender would come out in next 2 to 3 weeks' time, which would also see a large demand of fiber 
optic cables as well as routers. 
There is a demand of about 6 lakhs kilometers of cable, fiber optic cable, equivalent to about 20 
million fiber kilometer equivalent cable and about 160,000 of routers. All these are very large 
opportunities for HFCL because if these are indigenously designed products and more cost 
competitive. 
So not only in India, but we are able to export these products also in the coming financial year. 
So benefit of these products which we have designed has started accruing and number of large 
orders are further expected for these indigenously designed products. And I'm sure that export 
also would be a good market opportunity for HFCL. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. Sir, my last question is regarding on the telecom product side. So in the last 2 quarters, 
we have reported single-digit margins. I just want to understand like the lower performance 
because of volume driven or price realization driven. And I just want to understand about the 
OF and OFC side realization in this quarter. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Basically a decrease in margin has been the lower sales for optical fiber cable because lower sale 
of optical fiber cable has resulted in higher cost because the fixed costs are still remaining same. 
So it has been driven down by the lower sale of optical fiber cable. And these sales pick up, the 
margin will pick up once again. And, moreover, for the new products which we're building, 5G 
products and all that, their margin is reasonably good and it is expected to remain reasonably 
good. 
Balasubramanian: 
Okay, sir. So on the realization side, sir, OF and OFC side, like what are the current realization 
in Q3? How much it changed compared to last quarter? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Realization in fiber optic cable, if you look at fiber, the realization are, roughly, I would say, has 
come down by some percentages, it has come down. Practically, if you see that per fiber 
kilometer realization has come down roughly almost about 20%. What used to be in Q2 about 
INR1,200 per fiber kilometers has come down to about INR1,000-some per kilometer. So about 
15% to 20% decrease in the realization per kilometer is there. But that kind of some decline is 
there in the raw material cost also, particularly in case of fiber. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it, sir. On the OF side, sir, optical fiber side? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Optical fiber, again, as I said, the prices have come down. What used to be the prices of 
something like INR350 to INR380 per kilometer has come down to something like INR250 to 
INR260 per kilometer. 
Balasubramanian: 
Got it sir. Should I ask one more question sir or 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I think you should give chance to others 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Balasubramanian: 
Ya fine sir. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Santosh Sinha from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Santosh Sinha: 
My question is regarding the Bharat Net -III. Now government has actually, the cabinet has 
approved around INR1.3 -- 1.5 trillion for Bharat Ne-IIIt project. So are there opportunities for 
HFCL in areas other than optical fiber and optical fiber cable? Is -- are there other products that 
HFCL can supply? And what can be the overall opportunity size for this -- and what are the 
margins that we can expect from BharatNet IIIprojects? And yes, I will ask later the other 
question. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Mr. Sinha, thanks a lot for your good question. BharatNet is a large opportunity for everybody, 
all telecom companies involved. It's about INR1.4 lakh crores, out of which, but let me be clear, 
out of which roughly about INR40,000 crores to INR50,000 crores would be capex rest would 
be opex, which would incur over 10 years. So it is going to a turnkey contract whoever wins. 
There are 16 different tenders they have carved out. It will be 16 different tenders. And 
maximum 4 would be given to 1 company, not more than that. And it is divided into capex as 
well as opex as I just mentioned. 
Companies like HFCL, where are the opportunities? One, I first said we limited ourselves to 
capex. One, if we do EPC projects as we've been doing, still now, the payment conditions are 
not 100% clear because the current payment conditions are a little bit onerous on the vendors in 
a sense that part of the payment will be received much later with overall project execution.  
So all the vendors have represented that the payment condition need to be improved. So whatever 
draft tender has come that is undergoing some changes, and we would see the final tender coming 
up in the next 2 to 3 weeks' time. There's no other payment situation then.  
Imagining that payment situation will improve, which I'm pretty confident of, I think the 
opportunity may be we don't want to go for a very large scale opportunity for EPC projects. But 
yes, there are EPC opportunities because we are trying to transform our company into product 
company from an EPC company, from an EPC more of EPC driven projects , we are making our 
company not only trying in real sense, we've done so, to a product-led company. 
So one opportunity is there in the EPC business, Second opportunity is there if we win  in the 
EPC business, and there is a continuous revenue on every year basis for O&M, operational and 
maintenance, there will be an annuity revenue coming up for 10 years.  
Now but the good opportunity in the equipment side also and the fiber optic cable side. As I 
said, there is a demand of 6 lakh kilometer of fiber optic cable in this tender for 3 years. This 
implementation period is 3 years. So every year, there is requirement of about 2 lakh kilometer 
of fiber optic cable. So that's a good opportunity for us. 
Number two, then there is opportunity for selling fiber also because, let us say, somebody else 
wins a fiber optic cable from some other EPC players, and if he need fiber because there are not 
many people who manufacture fiber in India, we'll supply the fiber. 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 9 of 19 
Santosh Sinha: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Moderator: 
Pranay Gandhi: 
The routers. Routers is a significant part of the equipment, a significant part of equipment. One 
of the, I feel, most significant part of the equipment required and routers are required about 
160,000 plus in the quantity. Let me tell you we have designed our own router. We are now one 
of the 2 companies who have got indigenously designed routers required by Bharat Net, 
indigenously designed routers, only one of the 2 companies, we and Tejas which is Tata-owned 
company, they have routers and we have routers. 
So I think we enjoy a significant cost advantage over our multinational friends on account of our 
local production as a result of which we should be able to have a good opportunity for selling 
routers also. 
So fiber, fiber optic cable, routers, some of the other optical equipment, we have a good 
opportunity coming up in front of us. And I think Bharat Net should be a very significant 
opportunity, not only for HFCL, but all indigenous vendors who manufacture in India.  
 HFCL has a very significant footprint with its fiber, fiber optic cable, routers, other optical 
equipment. And then if you go to the next phase of Bharat Net, which is going to be implemented 
not by government, but which is going to be implemented by private enterprises for giving 
connectivity to the houses. The government is taking the network to the panchayat building or 
whatever. 
From there on, it would be the private enterprises, which will be giving connectivity. They may 
be using WiFi, they may be using optical ONTs. Again, those are the areas where HFCL is 
present. And those will also present significant market opportunity to HFCL. 
Thank you Sir for detailed answer. My last question is regarding the PLI benefit. So how 
much of the product of HFCL is actually eligible for PLI benefit? Is it only the optical fiber and 
cable or the other products also? And when is the first year from which this actually a PLI benefit 
will start coming from? 
PLI benefit is not available on fiber optic cable. It is available on telecom equipment, and we 
will start receiving this from this coming financial year '24. 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Gandhi from Green Portfolio. Please go ahead. 
Sir can you hear me? So firstly, I would like to express my gratitude to the management, 
including you, Mr. Jain and Mr. Agarwal, for accommodating our request to connect with 
the management on a one-on-one basis in the last con call. The proactive outreach from Mr. 
Amit after the last conference call reflects positively on the management, and it has really 
helped us understand the company prospects in a better way. So thank you so much. Now 
turning to my questions, I would appreciate if you could provide more details on the 
recent order from 5G telecom equipment secured from domestic telecom operator. 
Could you elaborate on the nature of the products that the company will be supplying? 
And considering the fact that the INR600 crore order is already on hand, are there any 
upward revision to the projected revenue of INR1,000 crores from this segment in FY '25? 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 10 of 19 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Pranay Gandhi: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Pranay Gandhi: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Look you know equipment is 5G networking equipment for subscriber access. So wireless 
equipment for subscriber access. So that's the equipment because there are certain nondisclosure 
agreements, so I cannot go in more detail, but it is a subscriber access equipment on wireless 
for broadband on 5G. And this is INR623 crores order, which has to be supplied within the 
next financial year or as soon as possible, if you can do it early. If we do it early, we can 
certainly expect more orders from our customers. 
And then this is the demand from one customer. But we would be going ahead to sell this to 
other customers also in India and abroad booth because this equipment has a very significant 
demand opportunities worldwide because fixed wireless access and a broadband access has 
come up by a significant use case for 5G networks. So we can definitely look forward for more 
revenue from this equipment in the next financial year. 
Now coming to INR1,000 crores or so, whatever numbers you're using, I think indigenously 
developed equipment, we should be able to do quite more than INR1,000 crores, which we might 
have projected earlier, it should be quite more than that because we are expecting more orders 
of reasonable size in coming weeks. We are expecting more orders including from BSNL, 
including from private operators. So I expect, I have no doubt that it would be significantly more 
than INR1,000 crores. 
Okay. And so these orders would be for telecom equipment itself and not for the projects, right? 
Well, this will be telecom equipment itself. I'm not talking about projects. Project is different. 
This is a telecom equipment itself because why I'm saying so. One, order with INR623 crores is 
already there. Some large orders are in pipeline, which I should be able to receive very, very 
soon, very, very soon. Then, as I said a little while ago, BharatNet is coming up. BharatNet has 
got huge demand for routers, which are, again, we have and we have indigenously designed 
them, which is a very major thing. We are only 1 of the 2 companies who have designed routers 
in India. We and the other is the Tata TCS Company Tejas, there is nobody else. All others are 
international multinational companies. So there is significant demand opportunity there. 
Then we have a significant demand opportunity for unlicensed band radio which are being used 
for enterprise connectivity, but not only that, but backhaul of the traffic of the 4G network. So 
that is also a good demand opportunity. In fact, BSNL came out with a large tender for that about 
INR200 crores for 5G, this backhaul for the unlicensed band radio. 
And we have been L1 in that. So we expect that we should receive order for that also. So these 
are all equipment orders, which I'm talking about, and which am saying that we should definitely 
cross INR1,000 crores without iota of doubt. 
Perfect, sir. Sir, just an add on to this, I believe, previously, you had mentioned that regarding 
the UBR equipment, you had received a very strong feedback from one of the international 
companies. So is there any progress? I mean in terms of it getting converted to orders? 
No, we are talking to quite a few companies.. I would not name them, but we are talking to quite 
a few companies internationally and locally also. Locally, we have deployed a huge quantity of 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 11 of 19 
Pranay Gandhi: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Pranay Gandhi: 
Moderator: 
this UBR we have been lowest in a large tender of BSNL also. And likewise, we are talking to 
a number of international companies also where I believe we will be receiving reasonably sized 
orders sometime in near future. 
Perfect, sir. Sir, my second question pertains to the defense side of the business. Previously, you 
had mentioned electro optics that we had participated in one tender, and there was an upcoming 
tender. So if you could give a brief on that, and same goes by ammunition fuses, I believe the 
company had approached Indian Army for trials. Any update on that? And lastly, the SDR, 
which was still under development and was scheduled to be completed by mid of this year. So 
if you could just shed some light on all these 3 aspects. 
I will go through all the defense products, which we are doing. Some are under development, 
some are being tried in army. Coming to one of the projects, which is recently we have 
participated is upgradation of BMP-2 armored fighting vehicle where fire control system and 
optical sites are to be upgraded. We have successfully gone through UTRR, which User Trial 
Readiness Review which is usual trial readiness, something like that, they call it. And now we 
wait for the RFP to come where we will be participating. 
On SDR, which is already under development, as I told you. On the other hand, the radars, which 
is a recent development where we have already gone through development cycle of some of the 
radars and others are under development. So we expect this year to receive reasonably good 
quantum of orders for the radars also. On the fuse side , we have not been lucky so far. We have 
been asked for a retrial by Indian Army, which, I think, expected to happen in next 2 to 3 months’ 
time. 
After we go through those trials, then would be the question of orders will come. So until now, 
we have no orders received for fuses, but yes, this is a consumable item, this is a consumable 
item and there is continuous demand for fuses. So I'm sure that once we pass through these trials 
in next 2 months' time, there should be demand coming up for fuses also. 
So again, since all the defense orders take a lot of time, we have not included in our projections 
even for FY 24-25 any orders from the defense. When we do AOP, they have not been included  
but we expect still  products like radars, products like electro optic sites should give us some 
revenue during FY 24-25 as well.  
On the optical side, yes, we have some products under development. One of the tenders we 
participated there has been a little bit unlucky, unreasonably unlucky. We could not get that 
order. But yes, nevertheless, our site has proven very successful. So we should be able to get 
more orders in future. So as I said, this year, we have not included in our projections any orders 
from defense but we are very bullish about it, particularly this BMP-2 upgradation, then for this 
electro optics products then radars, we are quite bullish about that, that they should fetch us good 
results in the next financial year. But yes, results will start coming in FY24-25 also. 
Ok Perfect sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity and all the best for future. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Path Mehta from M Capital. Pl go ahead. 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 12 of 19 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Good afternoon, Sir, my first question was, what is the new products on the 5G plant that we 
are developing at Raddef? The R&D expenses, are they deducted on the P&L? Or how do we 
capitalize them? 
No, Raddef, we are not doing any 5G product. Through Raddef, we are developing radars. There 
is no 5G products in Raddef. So nothing has been developed as a 5G product in Raddef. 
Okay. So whatever R&D expenditure we incur at Raddef for radar... 
Please repeat it, I could not follow you. 
Any of the 5G R&D that we do an indigenous products that we develop, is that being capitalized 
on the P&L? 
Yes. Yes. It is being capitalized and they are being amortized over a period of time. 
Okay. Sir, my second question is whatever products that we have developed, do we need 
approvals for these 5G products even if we are exporting globally, will we need a blanket 
approval or we will need an approval from each country for making it to the P&L? 
Well, look, any operator, which buys any telecom products goes through its own approval cycle. 
There are some countries where there are agencies, which approve the products omnibus basis 
for all the operators. 
But most of the places, operators have their own testing facilities and they go through their own 
approval cycle, whether the product suites to their requirement or not. So there is no such global 
approval that is you get it approved from one source then it is approved for everybody, it doesn't 
happen that way. 
It is more of a individual operator, like India for example. BSNL has got its own approval TEC. 
Jio has got its own approval, their own lab is there where they put the product, so is Airtel, so is 
Voda, so is Idea, So every operator goes through its approval cycle where it includes lab testing 
as well as field trials, which is very normal. 
Okay. So do we think that will happen in this financial year, and we'll see some contribution 
from those 5G products in the financial year 24-25? 
So yes, this INR623 crores order has been received after approval... 
More on that, we are looking to see in the next... 
We are looking for more such orders. There are, I think, 2, 3 places where trials are already 
going now. 
So they are domestic or they are export orders? 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No. No, this INR623 crores is the domestic, others I'm talking about are domestic as well as 
international. 
Path Mehta: 
Sir, my last question is on the front of contribution from projects and contribution from products, 
the line has been we have been going more on the product, 70-30 was the contribution that we 
were looking at. But if you look at contribution for this quarter, it has been tweaked on the other 
way. So more from the project side and less on the product side, apart from the fall in prices of 
OFC, what has gone wrong for the product side? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, there's nothing gone wrong. It is because of the lower sales of OFC. As I said, optical fiber 
cable sale has gone down significantly in the last quarter and the current quarter as a result of 
which, product-led revenue has gone down. If you look at same quarter last year, it was INR693 
crores; in the current quarter, it is INR364 crores. So with this kind of a numbers. What -- just 
let me correct this number. So it may be wrong, just hold on a second. 
Yes, this is more or less the same question, there would be some small difference will be there. 
But more or less, OFC sales, yes, I've given on the right numbers. Last quarter, it was -- 
December quarter of the last financial year, it was INR625 crores. This year, it has been INR295 
crores. It is less than half. So this is what is getting reflected in this ratio, which was changed. 
And as I said, the ratio will further improve again as the demand of optical fiber cable improves 
and also with this large orders we have received for products this current quarter, which is about  
INR1,800 crores. This will also improve the ratio of products into the overall revenue because 
INR1,800 crores orders for products is a very significant number. 
And also the fiber optic cable demand is expected to improve. So our overall strategy for 
becoming a product-led company is very, very successful, very, very successful. There is -- we 
can't compare it, take it on a quarter-to-quarter basis because quarter-to-quarter ups and downs 
may happen. 
On a overall basis, we are going very smoothly on that strategy. If you just exclude the optical 
fiber cable for temporary lull in the demand, you've seen that this quarter we've received orders 
worth INR1,800 crores for the products alone, INR1,800 crores for the products, which is a very, 
very significant thing, which includes INR623 crores and a little bit more other products we have 
received orders in the quarter for indigenously designed products. So our strategy is very 
successful, and I'm pretty sure that with this strategy, Company's return ratios will improve 
significantly in coming future. 
Path Mehta: 
Sir, are we doing any capex for these products, new products to be developed last time, I think 
we have said that we are doing a little  out of INR100 crores, we are doing capex for developing 
these products. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes. There are 2 kind of capex. One is R&D. One is setting up of the facility for manufacture of 
products. So we are doing both. R&D is happening, which would be a continuous process in the 
company. And also there would be expense of about INR80 crores to INR100 crores on setting 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 14 of 19 
Parth Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Path Mehta: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Moderator: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Saket Kapoor: 
up the facility for manufacturing of the products. So asto we can start taking benefit of PLI from 
the next financial year.  
And this will be for all the products put together and we don't need to go for another Capex. 
You are right absolutely 
Okay. So it is across products. 
Yes, yes. 
Okay. And I expect OFC cycle to improve a couple of quarters from now. 
Absolutely. 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen in order to ensure that the management is able to address 
questions from all participants in the conference please limit your questions to one or two per 
participant. Should you have follow up questions, we would request you to re-join the que. 
The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Co. Please go ahead. 
Thank you Nahataji and thank you for this opportunity. Sir, out of this order book of INR7,678 
crore for Q3 ending FY '24, INR2,051 crore is towards the operation and maintenance. So when 
this INR2051 will come in system and out of this balanced amount, how much is towards the 
OFC, especially about are we exporting optic fiber cables also, sir, if you could give that 
number? 
Order of what you mentioned about this O&M, this is the next 7 years. Optical fiber cable, we 
are exporting, no doubt, last year, we had a good year of export about INR800 crores. This year, 
worldwide demand has slowed down. The export will also go down. But yes, we keep on 
receiving continuous order for exports. These are not major orders at one point of time. 
Orders keep on coming, and we keep on supplying. We are expected to cross INR1,000 crores 
in this current financial year. But with this downturn in demand all over the world, of course, 
we are going to be falling short of our estimation through a large number. But as I said, from 
next year onward, it is expected to become better in the next 2 quarters, and it will further 
improve. 
Sir, as you just explained in the earlier reply that both OF and the OFC prices are corrected by 
20%, correct me there. And then also the demand is down. So where have the things gone wrong? 
I think one of the key players did mention about the demand fall from the U.S market has resulted 
in this percolating to the domestic Indian market. 
So do you think only when the demand from U.S. and Europe improve, then only our domestic 
OF and the OFC market will improve or when the Bharat Net comes into foray that is the time 
when things will start looking up. If you look at our operational numbers, sir, if we -- barring 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 15 of 19 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Moderator: 
Saket Kapoor: 
Moderator: 
this other income component, we have done the numbers are not up to the mark. If you exclude 
the other income part. 
Mr. Kapoor, let me explain you. Demand of fiber optic cable for Indian companies, when I 
say improvement will come from 2, 3 different areas. If you look at domestic, Bharat Net is 
going to play a major role because that's 6 lakhs kilometers of fiber optic cable, it's a large 
quantum. And which would be translated into more than 20 million kilometers of fiber. So 
which is a large quantum that is one. Second, U.S. demand is going to go up significantly in 
the next financial year. 
I tell you why. The U.S. government has announced a large subsidy for serving unserved or low-
served areas by fiber optic cable to ensure people are able to have a seamless broadband 
connectivity from their homes and offices. Total subsidy for the last mile, only for the last mile 
announced about $61 billion and state wide division has also been announced. Disbursement of 
this subsidy is expected to start from middle of the current calendar year. 
So once that subsidy disbursement picks up, the demand of fiber optic cable would increase 
significantly because this is for the broadband connectivity over fiber. So U.S. demand will start 
happening in the next couple of quarters itself, which is [bead and baba] and all those names are 
there, broadband subsidies, U.S. Government has announced. 
Similarly, when -- as I said a little while ago, the stocks with the distributors and operators go 
down as was there in a case in the beginning of the year demand for Europe will also pick up. 
Demand will pick up not only because of Bharat Net, it is demand from U.S., demand from 
Europe, all these places, either we will pick up from the another couple of quarters or may be 
quarter more, depending upon country to country, place to place. But demand is certainly going 
to pick up in fiber optic cable in the next financial year itself. 
Right, sir. So just to conclude on this point, then it is only the OF prices that has corrected led 
to be lowering of realization. The fresh capacity in OF has been added or the lower utilization 
levels for OFC worldwide has led to this decline? 
This is both factors. One, the prices have come down; second the utilization has also gone down. 
That is why this revenue reduction of roughly about 50% is there. To some extent, prices have 
gone down 15% or so rest is the less demand at this point of time, which, as I said, again, next 
couple of quarters, we are pretty sure will start improving. 
Okay. So one more question I would like to add, as you about. Sir, second question... 
I am sorry to interrupt sir, may I request that you return to the question queue for follow up 
question as there are other participants.  
Please give the opportunity. 
The next question is from the line of Rajesh Agarwal from Moneyore. Please go ahead. 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 16 of 19 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Rajesh Agarwal: 
Sir, going forward, what will be our product component, the mix, how the percentage mix will 
change and from when? And second, the margins in telecom products are more than the optic 
cables is higher? 
No. Look, market for telecom products is not only optical fiber cable, but it is for telecom 
equipment also. We have large orders for telecom equipment, which are indigenously designed 
telecom equipment also. But as I said, INR1,800 crores orders we have already received in the 
last quarter for equipment. 
But again, I would like to re-emphasize that we are becoming a product-led company. See this 
quarter was a particular aberration quarter because of a lower demand of fiber optic cable, but 
which is factored very quickly. From the equipment side also, we are doing significant amount 
of work. 
And I think, I can say with a lot of pride that your Company has received the largest 5G orders, 
which any Indian company has received till now, INR623crores. Nobody else has received till 
now, which itself speaks of the kind of development we are doing, and I am expecting  I don't 
know the size of the new orders, which will be there. 
But yes, I'm expecting more orders to come for the equipment in near future to HFCL. So if my 
target is to become at least 70-30, 70% product, 30% EPC or if possible, even reduce that also, 
may be 75%, 25%, something like that. But with 70-30, we should definitely be able to reach at 
least 2/3, 1/3 we should be able to reach in the next financial year itself. 
And when you will start delivering this order, sir? 
We should be this particular order, I'm talking about 5G related order, our target is to start 
delivering from April end. 
In a year's time. 
I would try to do it quicker than that. I would try my best to do earlier than that. 
And what would be EBITDA margins on that? 
Well, EBITDA margins, I don't want my customers to know my EBITDA margins and that 
would be a problem for me. 
But overall, the company's EBITDA margin will go up from here? 
EBITDA margin will go up -- definitely go up because what has pulled down the EBITDA 
margin is fiber optic cable reduced sales. Once that increases, EBITDA margin will definitely 
go up. 
Okay. And what your view on the optic fiber, from when it will improve, sir? 

HFCL Limited 
February 02, 2024 
Page 17 of 19 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Moderator: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I think, start improving from the first quarter of the next financial year, but a significant 
improvement in the second quarter. 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Sancheti from Manya Finance. Please go ahead. 
Just wanted to know what is the capacity utilization in optical fibers out of the 25 million 
kilometers. And what gives us the confidence for the capacity expansion that we're going to do 
plus-35-kilometers? 
So it is about 50%, even a little less than that. 
In this quarter? 
Yes, this quarter, I'm talking about. Now capacity expansion is the right thing to do. If you see 
when we started capacity expansion, the market was really booming we didn't have any free 
capacity. Our factories were running 24/7 and we were not able to fulfill the demand of 
customers. As a result of which we expanded our capacity. But this is a cyclical thing, every 3, 
4 years for some time, demand goes down and then comes up again. 
You have to see the overall need of the fiber optic cable and then we have to plan capacity, not 
on the basis of 1 year up or 6 months down. Because if you see, as our need for broadband goes 
up, as the need of a data goes up, as the need for  as video and kind of applications go up, today 
Netflix and Amazon Prime, all these OTT applications, you know how fast they have gone up 
Without fiber optic cable, would you have been able to access Netflix at your home, would you 
have been able to watch live television at your home without having access to fiber optic cable? 
Nothing of this would have been possible. This is all becoming possible because of fiber optic 
cable. So as these applications grow, demand of fiber optic cable is going to keep on going 
immensely. 
So this few month downturn because of certain factors does not mean that it is a downturn 
forever. It is only a temporary and which happens every 3, 4 years, it happens once. It has 
happened now, it will come up again. So increase in capacity was commensurate with this 
expected demand of increase in the fiber optic cable, and you would find the next couple of 
quarters, the demand will go up again, and this capacity utilization would again reach to the 
previous levels. 
Since you mentioned that it is cyclical. Generally, there's downturn remains, I mean in your 
experience that this downturn remains for how many quarters? 
There is no fixed rule for that. There's a fixed rule for that. So it will remain for how many 
quarters. Now this has gone down, but the U.S. demand is going to be there in the next couple 
of quarters. It is going to come up again. Indian demand is going to increase again, maybe next 
3 quarters 2 to 3 quarters with Bharat Net happening. So normally 2 to 3 quarters is our number, 
I would say the demand slows down and then comes up again. There's no fixed rule for that. 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Right. So what is the risk in the U.S. market as well as the Indian market, if something like for 
Tesla is developing a direct satellite Internet, what will be the risk to our optical fiber business? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
No, satellite is a... 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Have we assessed that? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Yes, we have discussed that. We have understood that. Satellite is a completely different segment 
of market. It can never compete with fiber. What bandwidth fiber can provide, satellite can never 
provide, at least not in a foreseeable future that satellite would provide that kind of bandwidth. 
And number two, handsets are very costly, service pricing is costly, satellite would be more used 
for remote areas where fiber accessibility is not there, broadband accessibility is not there, 
telephone accessibility is not there. So those would be the places where satellite would be used. 
For in terms of bandwidth, satellite will never be able to compete with the fiber optic cable. So 
it's not a competition, more of a complementary approach. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And just last question, is Bharat Net will give more opportunities on product base, is it 
the product-based opportunity or a project-based opportunity? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
It's both. It's both. It's a mixed opportunity. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
In what ratio? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
At least, there are 3. One is product, one is project and third is operations and maintenance, 
which is going to be annuity revenue for the next 10 years. There are 3 opportunities in this. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
And when we are bidding for Bharat Net opportunities, we are going to look at more product 
based or we're going to explore in all the opportunities? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
So we are currently working on analysing all the aspects of the tender. Let the final draft of the 
tenders come out, then only we will decide how are we going to do about that because final 
tender has not come out. It is the first draft come out for industry consultation. Many suggestions 
have been given. But once the final number comes out, final shape of the tender comes, we will 
decide at that point of time. We're evaluating, but yes, no doubt it's a good opportunity for us. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. And I was just going through the presentation, and it shows that domestic railway 
opportunities. How many orders have been received as Kavach and because that has been a buzz 
word for... 
Mahendra Nahata: 
We are not in Kavach. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
We are not in Kavach? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Part of product. We are in telecom systems for railways. So we are working on telecom. Kavach 
is signalling product. 

 
HFCL Limited 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
And how much of the orders we've received is from the railway sectors? 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Railway order should be around INR600-some crores, Yes, it is about INR620 crores or 
something like that. 
Dipesh Sancheti: 
Okay. I would really appreciate if you can divide the order book into how much is railways, how 
much is telecom, how much defense in telecom, how much it is for optical fibers? Because that 
will help us to understand how we're going to go... 
Mahendra Nahata: 
I noted your suggestion, and we'll publish it in our website, definitely. 
Moderator: 
That was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the conference over to the 
management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Mahendra Nahata: 
Thanks a lot, ladies and gentlemen, for attending this earning call for third quarter FY '24. As I 
have been saying that we have got 3 strategies, more number of products, more customers, and 
more geographies. And we are very successful at that. This quarter, though, you would see the 
results are a bit subdued because of fiber optic cable demand going down, and we see a 
worldwide factor and nothing to us, nothing in particular to us. 
But if you look at the product side of it, we have received orders for INR1,700 crores, INR1,800 
crores just for the products alone. And this effort  of making company a product-led company is 
becoming successful, and we will remain successful and we will keep on increasing our revenue 
from products and more so from indigenously designed products, not only for Indian market, 
but for the world market. And that strategy through our R&D is proving to be very successful. 
And I can assure you that this will improve not only the revenues but on the return ratios of the 
company also. And with the demand becoming better for fiber optic cable in near future, I expect 
this ratio of product to the total revenue will definitely go up, return ratios will improve. 
So with the growth of Indian economy, which is really growing at a faster pace than even the 
world market had estimated and we are growing despite of world economy going down, thanks 
to the leadership of and the policies of our honorable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi's 
government, I'm sure that the telecom sector, which is already doing well will further do better 
and companies which are more focused on indigenized development, indigenized 
manufacturing, like your company, HFCL will do even better in the future. Thank you very 
much, gentlemen. Thanks a lot. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
