 
 
 
 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
Allcargo House, 6th Floor, CST Road, Kalina, Santacruz (E), Mumbai - 400 098. Maharashtra. India. 
T: +91 22 6679 8110 | www.allcargologistics.com | CIN: L63010MH2004PLC073508 | GSTN: 27AACCA2894D1ZS 
e-mail id: investor.relations@allcargologistics.com 
February 19, 2024  
To, 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 532749 
To, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: ALLCARGO 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference Call for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30(6) read with Schedule III and 46 of the Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith transcript of earnings conference call held on Tuesday, February 13, 
2024, w.r.t. financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023. 
 
The transcript can also be accessed on the Company's website, from the following link: 
https://www.allcargologistics.com/datafiles/cmsinvestor/eevh16084 
  
We request you to take the above on record. 
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully 
For Allcargo Logistics Limited 
                    
 
                              
Devanand Mojidra  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A14644 
 
Encl: a/a 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTA
M MOJIDRA
Digitally signed by 
DEVANAND 
PARSHOTTAM 
MOJIDRA 
Date: 2024.02.19 
21:18:08 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
“Allcargo Logistics Limited Q3 & 9-months FY24 
Results Conference Call” 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 13th February 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI JAKHAR - GROUP CHIEF STRATEGY 
OFFICER, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAL SHAH - GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER, ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY PUNJABI - INVESTOR RELATIONS, 
ALLCARGO LOGISTICS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. HEMESH DESAI - DOLAT CAPITAL 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 15 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Allcargo Logistics Limited Q3 & 9-months 
FY24 Results Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hemesh Desai from Dolat Capital. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
Hemesh Desai: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all to the Q3 
and 9-month FY24 Earnings Conference Call of Allcargo Logistics Limited. 
We are pleased to have with us the management team represented by Mr. Ravi Jakhar – Group 
Chief Strategy Officer; Mr. Deepal Shah – Group Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Sanjay 
Punjabi – Investor Relations for Allcargo Logistics Limited. 
We will have the “Opening Remarks” from the Management followed by a question-and-answer 
session. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us for the Quarterly Earnings 
Call. 
I would take you through some of the “Business Highlights and the Macroeconomic 
Environment” and then handover the line to my colleague. Deepal, to take you through the 
“Financial Highlights.” 
As you are aware, during the quarter ending December, we also announced the scheme of 
restructuring which is currently under implementation and we've already filed the scheme with 
the exchanges and the scheme is being pursued. Just to reiterate, under the scheme, the 
international supply chain business would get demerged into Allcargo ECU and the remaining 
business of express and contract logistics which currently is under multiple step-down 
subsidiaries would all consolidate into Allcargo Logistics directly, thereby creating a very simple 
operating structure which will aid the management efficiency and provide for better financial 
flexibility thereby creating platform for better growth across both the businesses. 
Coming to the macroeconomic environment on the international supply chain side: 
On one hand from a global trade perspective, we have seen continued subdued demand. It is 
linked with the inflationary pressures in the western economies and the expectation is that with 
the interest rates and the federal rates likely to remain elevated for another couple of months, we 
see them not going up and perhaps stepping down during the latter half of the calendar year 
2024, which would lead to increased demand in combination with reduced inflation. Basically, 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 15 
that should translate into increased global trade in the second half of 2024. And therefore, we 
estimate that 2024 second half, which is July to December, we should expect better volumes in 
the international supply chain business. In the near term, we have observed that Red Sea crisis 
has eliminated some bit of capacity on the shipping trade lanes, thereby somewhat balancing the 
excess capacity which was on account of lower market demand. And as an outcome of that, we 
have seen an escalation in freight rates. However, given the overall subdued economic 
environment, there has also been a marginal negative impact on the volumes. And therefore the 
overall impact is marginally positive, not much, which we expect to see in the first half of the 
year as well. 
At the company-specific level, we have endeavored to reduce cost, and this initiative started 
with planning around August and subsequently we have made certain decisions to bring down 
cost by way of outsourcing some of the operations from high-cost countries to low-cost 
countries, eliminating certain positions by way of digitization and bringing in other efficiency 
measures and all these initiatives are bringing in substantial cost improvements. We believe that 
a significant part of these costs will start, benefits will start accruing from January. However, if 
you look at the quarter from January to March, there would also be a severance cost, as many of 
these countries, as we terminate employment contracts, depending on the longevity, require 
significant payouts to be made. So, overall, in the January to March quarter, we may still see a 
negative impact of the severance as compared to the cost reduction. However, with all of that 
completed by February and with some bit by March, from April onwards we believe that on 
account of cost reduction, the profitability should improve. In terms of the business volumes and 
the resulting gross profits, we have seen over the last couple of quarters, the profits have 
bottomed out and sequentially they have remained more or less flat in the international supply 
chain business and from April quarter onwards, initially on account of cost reduction and 
subsequently on account of renewed demand in global trade, we expect the profits to improve 
going forward. 
On the domestic side, economic environment remains strong. And on the contract logistics 
business, we have a healthy pipeline which gives us visibility that we should continue to see a 
good growth in the contract logistics business. On the express logistics business while we have 
increased the volume, the mix of product segments has resulted in lower yield and thereby 
revenue has not grown in line with the volume, creating an impact which has been negative on 
the bottom line with investments on people and expanded warehousing infrastructure capacities 
to handle higher volume, which we have been forecasting and like I mentioned have also been 
achieved. 
Detailed commentary on Gati business has also been shared separately in the Allcargo Gati call 
considering the business is separately listed. Therefore we tend to keep limited commentary on 
the Gati business in the Allcargo call. But these are the broad highlights in terms of how the 
business is performing. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 15 
I would request my colleague, Deepal, to take you through financial highlights and subsequent 
to that we'll be happy to take your questions. Thank you. Over to you, Deepal.  
Deepal Shah: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone. I will now discuss the performance for the quarter 
ended December ‘23. On the consolidated basis for Q3 FY24, our revenue stood at Rs. 3,212 
crores as compared to Rs. 3,307 crores for the previous quarter representing a marginal decline 
of 3%. EBITDA for the same period stood at Rs. 111 crores as compared to Rs. 118 crores, a 
6% decline and profit after tax more or less was similar to the previous quarter which is at Rs. 
17 crores as against the Rs. 16 crores for Q2 of FY24. The depreciation amount for Q3 is higher 
as compared to the similar quarter previous year that is primarily on account of the, the 
completion of the balance shares acquisition of ASCPL which is the contract logistics business. 
And this increases on account of amortization charge on intangibles, and depreciation on the 
leased assets. Exceptional gain during the quarter is an account of reversal of corporate guarantee 
given by Allcargo Gati, subsidiary of Allcargo Logistics on behalf of GI Hydro Private Limited. 
Our balance sheet remains healthy. Our net debt stands at Rs. 214 crores as a consolidated net 
debt as of December ‘23. 
Now moving on to the segment results, I will start by discussing the performance of the 
international supply chain segment. The demand scenario looks bleak like Ravi explained in the 
midst of a tough economic and geopolitical environment. However, economy expects a revival 
in the second half of 2024. LCL volumes for the Q3 stood at 2.2 million cubic meters as 
compared to 2.3, a flattish, one must say with the previous quarter. FCL though has a volume 
of, also remain flat at Q3 year-on-year basis and stood at 152,500 TUs. The international supply 
chain business reported a revenue of Rs. 2,721 crores as compared to Rs. 2,795 crores, a marginal 
2% decline. The EBITDA for the same period stood at Rs. 72 crores as compared to Rs. 62 
crores in Q2 FY24. 
Moving on to the express business operating under the GESCPL subsidiary of Gati, the segment 
recorded in the volume growth around 11% for Q3 FY24 as compared to last year. This growth 
has come on the back of improved operational performance and sales acceleration initiatives. 
The volumes for Q3 FY24 stood at 318 KT as compared to 287 KT in Q3 FY23. The revenue 
stood at Rs. 371 crores in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs. 385 crores in Q2 FY24 and Rs. 379 
crores in Q3 FY23. The EBITDA stood at 7 crores in Q3 FY24 as compared to 15 in the previous 
quarter and 21 crores in the last year's similar quarter. 
Moving onto contract logistics business, which sits under the Allcargo Supply Chain Private 
Limited contracts logistics revenue stood at Q3 FY24 stood at around Rs. 78 crores as compared 
to Rs. 76 crores for the previous quarter. EBITDA for the quarter ended December ‘23, stood at 
Rs. 35 crores as compared to Rs. 36 crores in the previous quarter. We've shared additional 
details on the performance of contract logistics segments in the presentation for your better 
understanding. 
With this, I would like to open the floor for questions-and-answers. Thank you. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 15 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
I wanted to understand considering the current freight rates and the severance pay that is 
expected to come in next quarter. So, what is the expected EBIT per TEU for next quarter? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we do not share quarterly or annual forward-looking guidance. However, as I mentioned, 
severance costs would be a one-off cost. So, I don't think it would be appropriate to look at that 
in the analysis of EBIT per TEU. Also, like you have spoken in the past, we have two segments 
of business. And over the last 18 months, we have, maybe now 24 months, we have been 
reporting the LCL and the FCL volumes separately. And therefore, for LCL business it makes 
sense to look at the CBM as a volume benchmark and for FCL business is a TEU. And in terms 
of the EBIT numbers, they are driven by gross profit and SG&A costs, whereby as I mentioned, 
if you look at the FY25 as a whole year, we estimate the SG&A cost would not go up on account 
of various cost reduction initiatives that have been taken and therefore, despite all the 
investments, inflation increases etc. the overall cost would remain similar or lower and therefore 
as the gross profit comes back on account of improved volumes and improved margins on the 
back of better utilization etc. we would expect the EBIT margins to expand as well. But I cannot 
share any specific guidance per se. 
Radha: 
Sir, how much are you expecting the severance cost to be? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
I cannot share specific numbers on that, but as we report the numbers, we'll be happy to give 
breakdown of what are the one-off costs in the quarter that follows. 
Radha: 
If I just understood it correctly, the SG&A cost we are expecting for FY25 to be same as FY24 
despite the increase in volume that we are expecting from 1Q FY25 onwards? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, SG&A cost in the normal course of events would have increased on account of inflationary 
increases plus new employees added during the year plus investments into some new initiatives. 
However, because of the cost reduction initiatives, all of that would be offset, and therefore we 
do not expect the SG&A cost to rise while we expect the gross profit to rise on account of 
increased volumes and improved utilization leading to expanded gross profit margins as well. 
That is the broad narrative for FY25. For the immediate quarter, we do not see any significant 
change. The volumes have remained subdued. There has been some marginal impact of the 
freight rates, but there has not been very significant because there's a downward volume impact 
as well, and then this quarter which is January to March would also have the Chinese New Year 
linked holidays and the delays on account of transit as well. So, overall, there's not going to be 
much significant impact in the Q1, but from April onwards, the cost reduction should show up 
as an impact in the P&L. And in the second half of calendar year 2024, which is July to 
December, we also expect the volumes to rebound. A combination of all of these things should 
lead to improved profitability in the international supply chain business. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 15 
Radha: 
Just wanted to understand any ballpark number also if you can give or just an estimate as to how 
big this severance cost is expected to be or will it be around Rs. 20 crores to Rs. 30 crores? Is 
that a correct way to look at it or would it be higher than that. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
No, it won't be that higher number but I cannot share more specific details in that. We are not 
looking at that high number. 
Radha: 
Secondly, we are saying that volumes are expected to pick up from second half of FY24. So, are 
we expecting any kind of customer additions? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Second half of calendar year 24, that is what I have said. And this I'm talking about the industry. 
In terms of as a company, we have already been, so the volumes actually if you see, globally the 
market has shrunk for the LCL industry over the last 12 months or so. However, our volumes 
have remained flat. So, we have maintained almost flat volumes by launching new trade lanes 
and by gaining marginal market share as well in some key countries on the back of such 
initiatives. So, as we move forward, we are expecting industry headwinds to recede and the 
market as an overall to see improvement in volumes and that would naturally benefit the 
company as well. Our growth rates would always be at par or better than market growth rates as 
we have maintained in the last several years and continue to remain confident about that. 
Radha: 
And sir in that improvement in volume expectations that we have, what are the key user 
industries wherein we are expecting good improvement? And if you could give a breakup of the 
end-user industries on a broad basis that we are catering to? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
We carry 15% of the global neutral LCL consolidation trade, capturing 2,500 trade lanes across 
180 countries. I'm just trying to give a perspective that we truly represent the global trade. So, 
all the commodities which get carried in the LCL trade would have an almost homogeneous 
distribution representing global trade. So, it's not dependent on any specific sectors or even trade 
lanes per se because we have strong presence on almost all the key trade lanes, whether it is out 
of Asia, into Europe, into US or intra-Asian trade, we have significant presence in all the key 
trade lanes across the world. There's no reliance on any specific sectors or segments per se. 
Radha: 
How much is e-commerce demand? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
E-commerce is one of the contributors to LCL trade. However, from our perspective, we work 
with forwarders who are our customers and we operate like, to put it simply, like an Uber of 
shipping where we do not only shipping vessels, but we operate like a shipping line, operating 
these trade lanes. And in this asset-light business model, forwarders are our customers, and many 
a time these forwarders carry loads for small and medium businesses which includes cross-
border e-commerce opportunities as well, wherein there could be shipments moving in from say 
a factory in China to some of these warehouses in North America for the end shipment to e-
commerce consumers. But our participation in that is a B2B part of it, which is pickup and 
delivery from a warehouse and pickup from a warehouse and delivery into a warehouse across 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 15 
the border. But e-commerce and emergence of small and medium businesses are two key drivers 
of LCL growth, which is why if you look at barring last 12 months, which have been a bit 
different, in general, LCL trade has been going at 2x the rate of global container trade growth. 
So, while the container trade growth has been historically about 3% over the last several years, 
LCL growth globally was about 6%. And e-commerce like I said is one of the key drivers to 
that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question from the line of Payal Shah from Billion Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Payal Shah: 
I have questions on Contract Logistics. So, I just wanted to understand our performance in 
various sectors we are present in like chemicals or auto or e-commerce. If you could please 
highlight something on it? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, you are talk about the contract logistics business. I would say that across all these sectors, 
we have had stable performance. And in terms of chemical, as you know, that is the biggest 
segment, which has historically been a much more dominating segment. And therefore, we 
would see more customers being added in the auto and e-commerce segments. And therefore, 
the revenue growth would continue to be more on the e-commerce and auto categories and some 
new categories as well as compared to chemical. Purely on account of chemical, we are already 
a market leader in an established segment, but the e-commerce, auto, and the new segments offer 
much bigger opportunities. Therefore, you will continue to see the segmental enhancement in 
these two sectors. So, that's the broad narrative on growth coming in from various sectors. 
Payal Shah: 
What are the sustainable margins for this business? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
In this business we have seen steady performance over last several years and we believe that the 
margins should continue to be rangebound in the similar range as we see today. We have invested 
in certain amount of white space for the purpose of planning growth, so that we have ready 
warehouse space available. And at the same time, so that means that there has a negative impact 
on the margin. We have also invested in people capacity, which also means that there's a negative 
impact on the margin. So, as we grow, the white space is an absolute number, would remain 
constant, but as a percentage it would reduce, which means that your white space cost will go 
down. There should be an operating leverage as well. So, these are the two positive factors 
towards the EBIT margins. However, at the same time, we also need to recognize that 
historically chemical was a much higher percentage of our total business and chemical by nature 
of being a very niche business has higher margins. So, as the share of chemical goes down, that 
would have a negative impact on the EBIT margins while operating leverage, reduction in white 
space is a percentage of total revenue would have a positive impact. So, overall, we expect the 
margins to remain rangebound, not much significantly different. And our EBIT margin is 
currently in the range of about 12% to 14% would remain broadly in that range in this business. 
And this is, , EBIT margins. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 15 
Payal Shah: 
So, my last question is following up on my above question. Are we tapping any new sectors, as 
in what are our plans to scale this business? And it would be helpful to get some outlook on the 
business. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we are looking at certain segments. For instance, we have been making inroads in consumer 
durables, IT products, furniture, and some of these sectors that we have been looking at. And if 
you look at the revenue contribution of these segments, you would find that the e-commerce and 
auto are more than twice of what they used to be, say, about two to three years ago, and therefore 
the similar trend would continue, wherein these sectors would also see a higher percentage 
allocation. 
Deepal Shah: 
Just to add here, so what we had is, a couple of years back we had a very heavy chemical segment 
and auto and e-comm was much less. Now if you see all of them are almost equal. So, we have 
diversified into various other segments and we will continue to do so to gain better market share 
and improve our utilization of warehouses, space and also to increase the number of square feet 
under the overall management of contract logistics.  
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so if you look at chemical, which at some point in time was about 80%, it come down to 
50%. Today, it contributes about 35% to 40% of our total revenue in the business, and it should 
perhaps come down to 25% to 30% over the coming couple of years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Neerav Savai from Abbacus. Please go 
ahead. 
Neerav Savai: 
My question is on the Opex on the MTO side of the business. So, sequentially we have seen a 
decline there by almost about 40 crores. And you said that the large part of this cost reduction 
measures, will get benefits in Q1 FY25 onwards. So, what would be the sustainable Opex going 
forward? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, I'm not sure which cost you're talking about on the decline, are you looking at the operating 
Opex? 
Neerav Savai: 
Opex for the MTO business? 
Deepal Shah: 
It is directly related to the freight, so you know there is a large amount of freight which is pass-
through. So, if your revenue shrinks, your Opex cost to that extent also shrinks to by that amount, 
similar amount. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, our commentary on operating cost reduction was not on the freight rates, I was talking about 
the SG&A cost reduction which was on account of I took some examples as well of how we are 
outsourcing from high-cost countries to low-cost countries, looking at eliminating certain 
positions by way of automation, etc. So, these are all the savings which will show up in SG&A. 
Operating expenses, we are already efficient and they are more driven by, one, freight rate 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 15 
environment and secondly, by utilization which then should improve on account of improved 
volumes. 
Neerav Savai: 
So, what is SG&A right now as a percentage of revenue per quarter and what was it last quarter? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, here again, as you would notice, and we have maintained in the past as well, the SG&A, 
again, I would recommend that for the fair analysis, it will be appropriate to look at SG&A as a 
percentage of GP or a ratio of that because revenue can go up or down dependent upon the freight 
rates. It is not only a factor of volume. So, as you would notice that freight rates have come down 
sharply, our revenue has also actually come down without the decline in volume, and alongside 
the operating expenses have also come down because freight rates are a pass-through expense. 
But at the same time, to answer your question, we can share the number. Deepal, would you 
share the number on the SGG&A as the cost of…? 
Deepal Shah: 
Yes, approximately 20%. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Around 20%, but like I said, the revenue is fluctuating, and therefore that number… 
Neerav Savai: 
20% of gross profit is what you are saying, right? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Revenue is the number, the question which you asked. What I'm saying is that it will be more 
appropriate to look at the gross profit to SG&A ratio, which we have been sharing as well. We've 
been sharing the gross profit and the numbers separately in the presentation. I'm just sharing that 
that's a better way to look at the business because revenue and operating costs both have rates 
which is passthrough. 
Neerav Savai: 
Okay, so when we say that quarterly gross profit is about Rs. 620 crores on the MTO side of the 
business, you are saying the SG&A cost is 20% of that? 
Deepal Shah: 
Yes. For the revenue, right? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
No, you had asked about the revenue, so I'd answer about the revenue. 
Deepal Shah: 
So, if you're looking at a pure MTO business, approximately it's around 20% of the revenue. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
And Deepal if you can answer on the GP as well, because like I said, it is better to look at the 
GP because SG&A is… 
Neerav Savai: 
would be Rs. 2,700 crores, 20% would be Rs. 540 crores. Is that the SG&A cost? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, 50% of the GP is SG&A cost. 
Neerav Savai: 
50% of the GP. And what was this last quarter? Just trying to understand the quantum. 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 15 
Ravi Jakhar: 
9-months approximately. 
Neerav Savai: 
Okay, so what has been the quantum of decline if we see on a Q-o-Q basis on the SG&A side? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Like I was mentioning, we have started taking the initiative on the month of August with 
positions being identified. There is typically a 3 month to 6 month notice period depending upon 
the country and tenure in the local laws. And therefore most of the terminations would happen, 
some have happened in the month of between mid-November and November to December, but 
most of them would be between January to March. And in the quarter ending December, while 
there could have been marginal savings on account of reduced SG&A in December, they've also 
been offset by some of the severance cost. In January to March, we believe that there could be a 
negative impact of severance cost. For the purpose of SG&A on a steady basis, it would be from 
first April that one would see the actual numbers. And for the quarter of January to March, we 
would provide the time of results, what is the actual expenses incurred during the quarter and 
what are the one-off severance expenses. It will be a fair comparison of SG&A cost for the 
October to December quarter and January to March quarter. 
Neerav Savai: 
Okay, so as per our assumptions any number if you can just highlight what would be the kind of 
SG&A going forward. I mean assuming about 50% of your gross profit is around about Rs. 300 
odd crores for the current quarter. So, how do we see this Q1 FY25 onwards? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I mentioned before, we would be most certainly able to offset any increase which 
happens on account of inflationary increases, investment into new people, capabilities, products, 
etc. All of that will be taken care of. So, SG&A costs will be similar or lower despite all these 
increases and therefore what it means is that the expansion in GP would straight away 
passthrough to the bottom line. In a normal situation if there was no cost reduction, you would 
typically find that remunerations and the admin costs on account of escalations, etc. would 
typically go up every year. Also, you have people who join during the course of the year and 
therefore the costs go up for the entire year. So, all of those positive, I mean, the increase in the 
cost would be offset by the cost reduction initiative and we expect the cost to be same or lower 
despite all of that, which means that the entire increase in gross profit would be carried down to 
the bottom line. That's the broad narrative we can share at this point in time. 
Neerav Savai: 
So, would it be safe to assume that about 310 odd crores is what the SG&A cost this quarter is. 
This will continue to be similar or maybe lower but would not increase next year. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so the current ongoing rate, quarterly rate of SG&A would continue or be marginally lower, 
while the gross profit is likely to grow in the second half of the year on the back of improved 
volumes and expectations on improved gross margins as well. 
Neerav Savai: 
And initially we had highlighted after the China New Year, we will see some upward trend in 
global trade. So, the demand still continues to be sluggish or you have seen any revival at least 
in the foreseeable future? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 15 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, we have indicated earlier that we expect the second half to be strong on the back of actual 
consumer demand coming in which has to be driven by inflation adjustments and the rate cuts 
which will lead to inflation adjustments and therefore disposable income being available with 
people. We have continued to maintain the same outlook that we expect second half of the 
calendar year 24 to be better. Currently, the environment remains subdued. The Red Sea crisis 
has increased the freight rates for several trade lanes which has led to slightly higher freight 
rates, but at the same time slightly negative impact on the volumes as well. So, as a trade-off, it 
has not had any significant impact. As the Chinese New Year comes to an end, there should be 
some pickup in volume, but we do not see any undercurrents of significant pickup, and therefore 
we continue to maintain that the pickup is more likely in the second half of calendar year 2024. 
Neerav Savai: 
And we maintain our guidance, which we had for FY26, or any revision in that? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
For FY26, we would come back with some guidance as we complete the 3-year business plan 
etc., but at this point in time, there is no standing guidance for FY26. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Jay from Dolat Capital, please 
go ahead. 
Jay: 
So, my first question will be, you have a higher market share in the Nordic region and a few 
European countries. How much of an impact has the Red Sea crisis been on that business and 
when do you expect the inflated freight rates to stabilize? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so we have high market share in several Asian countries, including India and Southeast 
Asia, as well as in Western Europe and Northern Europe. What we have seen is that Western 
Europe in particular as well as Northern Europe, to some extent, has been going through the 
weakest economic environment globally and the maximum impact on volume has been in that 
part of the world and that had led to significant capacity being available on the trade lanes from 
Asia to those countries and therefore it was a double impact of reduced revenues as well as 
reduced volume. However the Red Sea crisis has led to an increase in freight rates. However 
there has been no impact on the demand per se. So, what we have noticed is that there has been 
marginal improvement on the revenue side with some degree of impact on the overall 
profitability as well, but not significant. The volumes remain subdued in that part of the world 
and in fact, that has been one of the key reasons for continued subdued performance for the 
company as Europe in particular has not been contributing significantly to the profits. So, we 
have not seen any significant impact of the Red Sea crisis on those trade lanes to answer your 
question specifically. 
Jay: 
Sir, I have another question. Also, what are your future plans and what specific area or purpose 
you plan to fund them primarily? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so we have currently been looking at pockets of growth in geographies where we have 
relatively shallow presence. There are opportunities in Latin American market, for instance, 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 15 
where we expect to consolidate our presence and enhance our volume. It includes the market of 
Brazil, wherein we have made some management changes as well to drive growth. There are 
similar opportunities in other countries of Latin America, such as Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and 
Chile. These are also the countries where we have relatively lower market share. We also lack 
penetration on the door and we also have fewer products in terms of, for an instance, FCL 
product is quite weak in this area and LCL also we do not have market share like we have in 
other places. For instance, in Brazil, we would currently be #4, not even among the top three 
LCL consolidators and the aspiration is to gain market leadership in the coming years. So, Latin 
America is one key geography where we will be focused on for growth. Besides that, we also 
see significant opportunities to go deeper in China. China is a highly fragmented market and 
while we are currently the second largest in China already, but our market share is still close to 
9% to 10% and we see an opportunity for that to be increased by going deeper into Chinese 
market. The third opportunity for us is actually in terms of turnaround of key countries, where 
on account of various issues, we have been running significant losses. These two big countries 
are US and Germany which have been making negative contributions to our P&L and we believe 
that during the coming months, we should be able to arrest the losses. And as they come to the 
breakeven on a consolidated basis, there should be a positive impact on the profitability. So, 
these are some of the key drivers, as we see, for driving growth and profitability in the company 
in the coming year 2024. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Jiya Shah from Wealth Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Jiya Shah: 
Sir, I have two questions. One is on the ISC business. The demand scenario seems muted. When 
do you foresee the demand to recover and the trade to come back to normalcy? Or should we 
see this as the new normal? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, freight rates are normal, I would rather say, because of the recent Red Sea crisis, they're 
rather shot up and they might become slightly softer again, but that is going to have a limited 
impact on the consumer demand and the world trade. Like I mentioned before, we expect the 
demand to be back from second half. It is a function of consumer demand linked to inflation and 
economic environment, which based on the various forecasts that we see from leading 
economists on the decisions around interest rates and inflation across the world, we expect the 
second half of 2024, which is July to December, to see recovery in demand. 
Jiya Shah: 
So, another question that I had is that if you can highlight on the region-wise performance or 
rather how your trade lanes have performed, are you seeing any recovery from any specific 
region and sensing slowdown in some other region like just some outlook on that? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so like I mentioned, we have noticed that in the year gone by, there was lesser trade out of 
China and APAC, and we believe these regions would bounce back this year. I was just 
mentioning about the profitability scenario in US and Germany, which should see a turnaround, 
and our focus on Latin America would drive growth for us there. Western Europe has remained 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 15 
weak, and we do not see significant improvement in the near future on the Western and Southern 
Europe. So, that is likely to remain flat. So, that's where we see in terms of specific regions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ravi Shah from Opal Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Ravi Shah: 
So, actually I have two questions. The first one would be on the international supply chain. So, 
we have been seeing some volatility in terms of margin as well as realization. So, could you 
share some outlook regarding the same and where the business is headed in terms of profitability 
as well? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I mentioned, we have seen the decline in margins, which have now bottomed out over 
the last two quarters, remaining almost similar on account of the subdued trade demand. And we 
expect the trade demand to bounce back from in the second half of the year. But before that, we 
also expect the cost initiatives to also aid on the profitability in the quarter of April to June. So, 
that's the broad commentary like I mentioned before. That's how we see the performance. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood sir, thank you for a detailed answer. So, my next question would be, we are 
witnessing some improvement on the EBIT-to-TEU ratio. And in the presentation also, you 
talked about cost-cutting efforts. So, can you highlight the measures that you've taken to get to 
this improved operational efficiency? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, like I was mentioning, the majority of initiatives are focused on people cost, driven by 
outsourcing from high-cost countries to low-cost countries. For an example, moving payroll 
from US to Mexico, and by way of eliminating positions through automation and technology, 
and reorganization of the overall management structures. Some of these initiatives have helped 
us identify redundancies and eliminate costs. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Shailly Jain from Dolat Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Shailly Jain: 
On the contract logistics, the share of e-commerce is increasing which in turn has led to margin 
improvement. So, what would be the ideal margin levels going on forward and are these 
sustainable? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Let me reiterate the margins are highest in chemical which is the most niche specialized contract 
logistics and the overall blended margins are in the range of 12% to 14% which have remained 
in the same range. Chemical segment has much higher margins. However, chemical segment 
which used to be 80% of the business at some point in time is now already down to about 35% 
of the business. And we believe that this 35%-40% might come down to about 25% in the coming 
couple of years and therefore e-commerce and auto and other segments would grow. So, 
therefore the margin would remain broadly range-bound in the 12%-14%. 
Shailly Jain: 
And what is the distribution of your revenue share among LCL and FCL? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 15 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, on the LCL and FCL, like we mentioned, we as a company operate more on the gross profit 
because revenue has an ocean freight cost which is more passed through. On the gross profit, 
which is the number to look at from a topline perspective, approximately 65%-70% comes from 
LCL and around 30% comes from FCL. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a follow-up question from the line of Neerav Savai from Abbacus. Please 
go ahead. 
Neerav Savai: 
Hi, my question is regarding this US and German markets. Now you said they have been 
contributing negatively. So, what would be the quantum, if you were to see in terms of volume, 
which comes from this market or in terms of gross margin, what would it be contributing? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, volumes are obviously positive, and gross margins are also positive. The impact is on the 
SG&A cost which put together has led to a negative number because these are both high cost 
operating countries and we expect the business to rebound in these two countries and also there 
have been so when I was talking about the SG&A cost reduction, there are more sharper focus 
on these two countries and therefore they should see coming back to being profitable or 
breakeven in the coming months and therefore that would have a positive impact. 
Neerav Savai: 
I was just trying to understand how much does it contribute to overall volumes and at gross-
margin level what is the contribution from this to geographies? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
We would not be able to share country-specific details on this. 
Neerav Savai: 
In this Western Europe you expect it will continue to be challenging, you don't see any way 
about that. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
In the next 3 to 6 months we don't see any changes; however the expectation, what we read into 
the economic forecast is that the interest rates are not likely to rise and perhaps in the coming 2-
3 months they may start coming down which might revive the consumer demand. So, therefore 
second half of 2024, we believe should be good globally in terms of the consumer demand and 
of course then Western and Northern Europe should also bounce back. But it has been most 
severely impacted amongst all geographies. 
Neerav Savai: 
So, US and Germany you feel will turn positive, but this would rather take some more time to 
contribute positively at EBITDA level. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, that is right. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Rajavi Shah from Bright Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Rajavi Shah: 
I just had a few questions on the Gati front. Can you share some broad outlook on the future of 
this entity? 

 
Allcargo Logistics Limited 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 15 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Yes, so we can share the broad outlook. In Gati, we have been focused on 3 or 4 key initiatives. 
First has been improving operational capabilities and we have seen significant improvement in 
the operational parameters. We've also been investing in the infrastructure upgrade in terms of 
building new hubs and improving the capacities. And all these improvements in operational 
capacities should allow us to expand the market share. We have seen good growth in the 
volumes. However, the product mix has changed with large accounts being the first ones to come 
on the back of improved service and therefore the yield which is revenue per kg has dropped in 
that business. We expect the mix to improve and that should lead to improvement in terms of 
the overall profitability. I would say that and I would reference from getting to too much of 
details like I said it's a separately listed entity. However broadly speaking we should see 
continued expansion in volumes. We should now be backed by revenue growth as well and we 
have already invested in all the key hubs that were required and the personal costs as well so 
therefore there should be an improvement in profitability in the business. 
Rajavi Shah: 
Okay, I had just one more question. How do you see the Express Logistics performing? 
Ravi Jakhar: 
So, Gati is the Express Logistics business, which operates under the Gati Express supply chain. 
There's no other business than Gati. And Contact Logistics business is an Allcargo supply chain. 
So, I was commenting on Gati's performance which is Express Logistics. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today and I would now like to 
hand the conference over to management for closing comments. 
Ravi Jakhar: 
Thank you all for joining in for the conference call. Please feel free to reach out to our Investor 
Relations team for any further questions or information that you may have. We intend to improve 
our communication from time to time and when we see certain questions coming on a repeated 
basis, we try to include the responses to that in the upcoming quarterly presentations. And our 
endeavor is to provide as much detailed information as we could. So, please continue to engage 
with our Investor Relations team. Thank you for joining in today. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
