Siemens Limited
Management: Sunil Mathur
CIN: L28920MH1957PLC010839
Birla Aurora, Level 21, Plot No. 1080,
Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli,
Mumbai – 400030
India
Tel.: +91 22 6251 7000
Website: www.siemens.co.in
E-mail: Corporate-
Secretariat.in@siemens.com
Registered Office: Birla Aurora, Level 21, Plot No. 1080, Dr. Annie Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai – 400030. Telephone +91 22 6251 7000. Fax +91 22 24362403.
Sales Offices: Ahmedabad, Bengaluru, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Chandigarh, Chennai, Coimbatore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Jamshedpur, Kharghar, Kolkata,
Lucknow, Kochi, Mumbai, Nagpur, Navi Mumbai, New Delhi, Puducherry, Pune, Vadodara, Visakhapatnam.
28th December, 2023
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
BSE Limited
Scrip Code –
National Stock Exchange of India Limited: SIEMENS EQ
BSE Limited: 500550
Information pursuant to the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)
Regulations, 2015 (“Listing Regulations”)
Dear Sir / Madam,
Pursuant to Regulation 30, 46 and other applicable Regulations of the Listing Regulations, please
find enclosed the transcript of the Company’s Analysts / Institutional Investors Meeting held on
21st December, 2023.
The 
said 
transcript 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company
at: https://new.siemens.com/in/en/company/investor-relations/analyst-meet.html.
Kindly take the above information on record.
Yours faithfully,
For Siemens Limited
Ketan Thaker
Company Secretary
Encl.: as above
Digitally signed by KETAN 
NANDKISHOR THAKER
DN: cn=KETAN NANDKISHOR 
THAKER, c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
email=ketan.thaker@siemens.com
Date: 2023.12.28 09:10:27 +05'30'
KETAN 
NANDKISHOR 
THAKER

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
1
 
 
 
 
Siemens Limited FY 2023 
 
Analyst Meet 
 
21st December 2023 
 
 
 
Management:  
• Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited  
• Dr. Daniel Spindler – Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Siemens Limited  
• Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited  
 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
2
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Hello! Is it audible? At the back? Good afternoon and welcome to the Siemens Analyst Meet 2023. For those 
who don’t know me, my name is Venkatesh. I am responsible for investor relations in Siemens Limited. So 
before we begin, I would request the gentlemen from the hotel to do a safety briefing as this is an important 
topic for us. Please! 
 
- 
Mr. Bhavesh – Security In-charge: 
 
- 
Good afternoon everyone! Good afternoon! Myself Bhavesh. I am the security shift in-charge over here. I will 
brief you about the hotel evacuation procedure and emergency protocols. So in case of emergency, our fire 
alarms will get activated followed by the public evacuation systems. Please do not panic on hearing the public 
evacuation systems. Please immediately vacate this place as soon as possible by using the nearest fire exits. 
We have 2 fire exits in the hall. One is behind me, behind the stage and 2nd is behind you, on both the sides, 
left and right sides. Also we have tied up with, in case of a medical emergency, we have on-call doctor and tied 
up with ambulance services. Thank you so much. 
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Thank you. So as you know, we have Mr. Sunil Mathur, Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of 
Siemens Limited and Dr. Daniel Spindler, Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of Siemens Limited 
who would present the operational and financial overview of the Company’s performance. Post that, we will 
have the Q&A sessions. Before I hand it over to Mr. Mathur, let me begin with the safe harbor statement. 
Siemens Limited cannot give assurance to the correctness of such information and statements. These forward-
looking information and statements can generally be identified by the fact that they will relate to only historical 
or current facts. Forward looking statements sometimes use terminologies such as "targets", "believes", 
"expects", "aims", "assumes", "intends", "plans", "seeks", "will", "may", "anticipates", "would", "could", 
"continues", "estimate", "milestone" or other words of similar meaning and similar expressions or the negatives 
thereof; By their nature, forward-looking information and statements involve known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of 
the Company to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements that may be expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking information and statements in this presentation. Should one or more of these 
risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, the Company's 
actual financial condition or results of operations could differ materially from that or those described herein as 
anticipated, believed, estimated or expected;  
 
- 
Given the aforementioned uncertainties, prospective or present investors are cautioned not to place undue 
reliance on any of these forward-looking statements; No part of this presentation, nor the fact of its distribution, 
should form the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any contract or commitment or investments decision 
whatsoever. Investor/prospective investor must seek advice on specific situation from well-informed legal, 
investment, tax, financial, and management professionals; This presentation and its contents must not be 
distributed, published or reproduced. This presentation does not constitute a recommendation regarding the 
securities of the Company. So with that, I invite Mr. Mathur to begin his speech. 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Thanks Venkatesh. A very good afternoon to everyone here. It’s great to see everyone again in face after almost 
4 years. I think the last time we had a physical analyst meet, it was about 4 years ago. So it’s good to be able 
to interact with you. What I intend to do is really a start off with an overview of the Company and then take it 
from there. But both of us want to essentially run through the presentation pretty quickly. More importantly, 
answer questions of yours. So we will leave as much time as possible to be able to answer questions that are 
important to you. Maybe just kicking it off, I do believe we had a powerful finish to last year. Yet another good 
year and what I want to do really is, over the next couple of slides, start off really with an overview of the 
business.  
 
- 
Now having talked to many of you over the last couple of months, there have been a lot of questions around 
what exactly do each of your business segments do? What can you kind of granulize for us? A little bit more 
about, what the businesses are actually doing? What is included in each of these segments? Where you see 
the opportunities and segment wise perspective? So this time, I thought we start off with that and give you first 
an overview of what the business is actually about, go back to the basics and a lot has evolved in the last couple 
of years. We continue to evolve as a Company and then try and bring that together, show you a little bit about 
the businesses, tell you a little about our future plans and then sum it up right at the end. Daniel will then take 
you through the financial highlights of 2023 and then I will wrap it up. Then we will open it up for questions as I 
said. We won’t go into too much detail. We will show you the slides. We can always come back to them if you 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
3
are interested. The main purpose is over here is to answer the questions that are important to you rather than 
only give you a download from us. 
 
- 
Let me start first with the economy and with the way we see the economy over here. I think from an India 
perspective, very clearly, India is one of the growth markets of Siemens AG globally. We are the fastest growing 
market of Siemens globally. There is a huge amount of attention that we have here as the Indian company I 
think it is no.3 or no.4, I think we are no.4 in size of the Siemens’ global volumes. The parent company is very 
keen on continued engagement. Will Siemens in India be looking at the Indian story? And the main reasons for 
all that is really the dynamics and the economics that you see here in the country. If you look at it, I think it is 
fair to say that we got a stable growth on the GDP side. The economic indicators are looking good. Inflation and 
interest rates are stabilized. The economic situation continues to grow for the 3rd year, 4th year in a row. Actually 
post 2019, as you remember in 2019, the GDP was down to 4.2% and we are now, for the 3rd, 4th year in a row, 
over 6%, continued growth there. A lot of growth happening in public infrastructure, public spending in capex. 
Roads, highways, bridges, railways, a lot of it happening over there. Central government is spending a lot. As 
you know, we started off in 2019-20. 350,000 crores spending on capital expenditure and on infrastructure went 
upto 5 lakhs, went upto 7,50,000 and now we are at 10 lakhs. But what is different? What is different is, for the 
1st time, over 70-80% of these outlays, that have been announced by government have actually been 
implemented. And that is the difference! That is what gives us in Siemens in India and the parent company as 
well a huge amount of confidence. Now I have been asked multiple times, what is happening on the private 
capex? 
 
- 
Private capex as you recall, pre-covid 2019 was down to about 52-53% capacity utilizations. Right now, we are 
close to 80%, I say 75-80% capacity utilization. Not across the board in every market vertical but definitely some 
of the larger ones. If you take the average room temperature in the country, I do believe that we are around 75-
80% and that is why upto now private capex has not really taken off, fresh capacity additions. But I do believe 
that we are now at an inflection point where if this continues, we have no reason to believe that it will not 
continue, private capex will start kicking in because as you get to 80-85% capacity utilizations, this is when 
industry starts looking to what's the runway that’s ahead of them and will start making their plans for investments. 
So a lot of that is actually happening. We are getting a lot of enquiries, private sector enquiries, a lot of these 
are already beginning to turn into tenders. Of course a PLI scheme is helping a lot and we are not really directly 
linked in ourselves. We don’t benefit directly from the PLI but our customers are the ones who do get the PLI 
benefit. We are the ones who then are able to support them in their plans for growth. So overall I do see a very 
strong resilient economy ahead of us. Most of the macroeconomic indicators are in place and now it’s really 
important that we wait and see how things actually develop. Whether the strength continues, as I said, we have 
no indication that they will not. We are very very positive about it. 
 
- 
Now from a Siemens perspective, I would just like to quote from our President & CEO, Roland Busch which 
clearly outlines the strategy of Siemens at a global perspective. And this was the strategy that was launched 3 
years ago where the aim is really to move from being an electrical company to an automation company, now to 
a technology company by really combining the real and the virtual worlds. Now this strategy is actually paying 
off. We are seeing this in a lot of our customers, not only globally but here in India as well. As we continue to 
accelerate our digital portfolio, I will talk a little bit about this and then demonstrate what we are really doing in 
India. Many of you visited our Innovation Day where we showcased a lot of the technology that we are 
introducing here in the country and we have been working with customers in the country and I will talk a lot 
about that. Primary driver for all that is the sustainability concerns that a lot of our customers have. A lot of it 
coming out of regulation, a lot of it coming out of conviction but either way, this is really the core business where 
we believe that we as Siemens do have the capability to support our customers on their digital transformation 
journeys as well as on their sustainability journey as well. So as we move forward. let me now just start – is the 
mic working? I am not sure. It’s a bit low. Let me start right now with the explaining a little bit about the Digital 
Industries’ Business. 
 
- 
Now the Digital Industries Business is really looking at traditional parts or we have got the factory automation 
part which is part of, which is really dealing with discreet manufacturing. We have the process automation which 
deals with process industries. We have the Motion Control which is looking at the electrification, automation of 
machine building. For example, say we have got number one which is a digital CNC software which is really 
simulating and testing process workflows in a completely virtual environment. Now this is something where as 
machine building increases, there is a huge opportunity here and then of course we have got the customer 
services where customers are looking really around really to say, “We have got automation. We have got 
electrification. Can you help us to make that much more efficient? Can you help us with cyber security? Can 
you help us with logistics? Can you help us keep our machines more efficient?” So this is what this business 
does. In 2023, we launched the first industry ready 5G router here in India and this is used to really remotely 
monitor and service our plants and machines and devices actually via public 5G network. And this is really the 
take-off where you have machines communicating via communication device onto a platform, you get the data 
onto a platform. You use that data to create dash boards and then out of those dash boards create apps that 
make it user friendly to run your factories much more efficiently. This business is operating through multiple 
industrial market verticals and you see them all there at the bottom of the screen but in each of these, we have 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
4
the electrification know-how. We have the automation know-how. We have the know-how of the manufacturing 
processes and now the real challenge is, how can we bring that all together? These are the 4 product business 
units that we have within this vertical.  
 
- 
Let me give you some example of the kind of things that we are actually doing now. If you look at metals for 
example. We have been asked by a metal production company – can you have a look at whether our 
manufacturing equipment, we use a lot of automation there. Can you check whether we are free from viruses? 
We went in, we did a virus check, cyber security check over there and found that they were very highly 
vulnerable in terms of their machines and technologies that they were having. And this is where, because we 
understood the domain, because we understood the processes, because we understood the technology, we 
were able to bring that entire know-how together and introduce, being introduced to them a completely cyber 
security framework which they can use and which we implemented in the plant to make the cyber secure. And 
these are the kind of things which bring the competence that we have across all the verticals that I showed you 
earlier, whether it is automation, whether it is machine building, whether it is the service business, bring that all 
together, bring all that know-how, bring on to that a layer of data management and so on and then provide them 
with the necessary inputs that are required to really monitor the virus attacks that they have on their machines 
and prevent them from happening, becoming increasingly critical. This is going to be one of the largest areas 
of growth that we see. As companies become grow greater for automation, the need for cyber security is going 
to increase. As there are more attacks coming in, the need for cyber security is a huge opportunity that we see 
over here. 
 
- 
And then we went to 4-wheeler manufacturing company. On the production line, they have an aging production 
line. Efficiencies were going down over a period of time and they said, “Can you help us in improving the 
efficiencies?” Again over here, we were able to take all the systems that they had, all the sensors and 
communication devices that they had on all their machines, take them on to a common platform and remotely 
monitor and manage and improve their efficiencies of each of their production sub-systems and systems as a 
whole. Bringing them back up to what they were before they started declining their efficiency levels. This is 
again a huge area of growth. Not everybody has the capability to bring in latest technology, change complete 
production lines. What you do need to look at is how we can increase the efficiencies in our factories by doing 
more with less and more importantly, using what we have which is all tied up in different machines, different 
technologies, different automation systems, different platforms, bring that all together in order to create a 
homogenized platform which can then be used to drive productivity in the manufacturing space. If I look at the 
smart manufacturing space, here again we have got 6 verticals, the electrification and automation vertical is 
basically dealing with medium voltage, less than 33KV. Our ratings over here and they deal with medium voltage 
both in utilities and in all the other industrial verticals that we are looking at and with that, they are able to really 
be a part of the electrification process that we have across all our industries. Electrical products is more low 
voltage. Once primarily through distributor channels. These are MCBs, MCCBs, RCBs and so on.  
 
- 
And then you have the regional solutions and services and building products which is basically building 
technologies, energy efficiencies, fire safety and security, both as individual products but our sub-system has 
finally platforms as well and I will talk a little bit about it later. Then you have the GRID Technology business 
that looks at the entire grid deficiencies, both in the transmission as well as in the distribution space and finally 
the e-mobility vertical which is a new vertical that we have installed addressing the drawing e-mobility market, 
here in India but also globally. And here again, we cover primarily buildings but also utilities and data centers 
and airports, every commercial establishment. It could be malls, stadiums, airports, ports and so on in addition 
to industries. Now here for example, I give you an example of a data center. Again one of the largest issues 
that data centers have is the consumption of power. They are the largest guzzlers of energy. And here we had 
a case where you had large data centers which were co-located, hyper scaled data centers which had different 
sub-systems, be the chiller, building management system, the electrical equipment and so on, on different 
platforms and different technologies. We were able to bring all that on to a centralized platform and use that 
platform really to drive energy efficiency for the data center operator energy savings, for them and also help 
them improve their efficiencies over there. 
 
- 
Similarly on the commercial state developers, here again you have multiple systems. In this particular case, it 
is mainly electrical and the building automation system which we were able to bring on to a Cloud platform and 
use that to support them in bringing energy efficiencies and making them more greener. Now again, all of these 
are only to demonstrate, you saw the hardware part which comes across each of the verticals that I showed 
you there, the business segments, sub-segments that I just showed you earlier and this is where it all comes 
in. You have our medium voltage, our low voltage, our building management systems, our energy efficiency, all 
coming together to service a customer. So we are not only now looking at selling products, either directly or 
indirectly but we are using that to really add value and I will talk more about that later on. 
 
- 
Then we have our mobility vertical which is known to you. We have got the electrification and the signaling part 
which is part of the rail infrastructure. We have got the rolling stock which is spread into components and into 
systems. So, you have got hotel load converters, axle counters, traction motors and so on which are being 
manufactured in our Nashik factory but then you have got the bogeys and locomotives and so on which can be 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
5
used, like bogeys for example can be used in metros, EMUs and so on, locomotives and passenger trains and 
so on. And this is where we believe that this is a huge growing market and then when you look at the entire 
package, you look at rail infrastructure and rolling stock and you have got to do a complete EPC, that is what 
we do together in the turnkey business where we bring it all together. Customer wants a metro project in totality, 
covering both electrification signaling as well as rolling stock. We bring that together in the turnkey business 
and then there is after-market sales over there. Here again, we have got the main customer over here is of 
course Indian Railways. Huge opportunities that we see with metros coming up, propulsion systems, 
locomotives, train sets and so on, bogeys as well. A lot of tenders coming out, lot of tenders in the pipeline but 
here again, propulsion systems particularly we delivered for the 6000 horse power of the Indian Railways as 
part of the tender that they came out with in the last year. As also on the metros, we did the electrification of the 
Ahmedabad and Surat metros bringing together medium voltage, low voltage, switch gears, transformers as 
well as the SCADA systems. 
 
- 
Then we come to our Energy Business and this is where we have got the GRID technologies which is basically 
the transmission business. We are the transformation of industries technology which is basically generation and 
automation business. Then you have got the gas services which is basically service, aftermarket service both 
for steam and for gas business and finally we have got engineering hub which is really 1 of 3 hubs at the global 
parent has here in the country which is doing the engineering and project management, running across all these 
technologies, transmission, generation as well as service. They do the engineering as well project management 
for that. So this is really the energy portfolio. High voltage primarily, the distribution part comes in the smart 
manufacturing, the generation and transmission part comes here in the Energy part over here. Now here of 
course, we have got 765KV transformers that we deliver to some customers. We have also done some industrial 
steam turbine plants that we have installed together with GIS technology in terms of generation for the industrial 
customers. We are doing a lot of modernization and upgradation main customers over here are in the area of 
chemicals, fertilizers, sugar and so on, where they are looking at waste heat recovery, cement plants waste 
heat recovery is a huge area of opportunity out there. 
 
- 
Now let me just address briefly, very briefly the recent announcements that were made around the energy 
business as you all are aware. Siemens AG, couple of weeks ago expressed an intention to increase their 
shareholding by 18% and took over the shares of Siemens Energy by 18% and then they expressed their 
intention to de-merge the India business of Siemens Energy into a stock market listed entity in 2025. Since then 
on Monday, we received a formal request from the promoters to consider and explore the option for de-merger 
and that is what the Board has finally approved is to start the exploratory process, to examine potential demerger 
of the Company’s energy business. They have also approved of creating a separate 100% subsidiary of 
Siemens Limited should it be required at the time of demerger, provided the demerger is approved and that is 
basically kick starting the entire process that we have over here. This has been in line as you are aware 2017, 
Siemens Energy Global was demerged from Siemens AG Global into a separate stock listed company there as 
well and this is just a natural fallout request where the parent has turned around and said in order to increase 
the focus on the businesses for both companies it is important to ensure that we are able to demerge. 
- 
Now, how does a future look like for Siemens? And I've touched a little bit on this. Last year we launched 
Siemens Xcelerator and this was basically a platform, which consisted of three layers. One was a tech stack 
essentially which is outlining the entire suite of technologies that Siemens has. The second is an ecosystem, in 
other words, we need to be partnering, and the third is a marketplace offering examples of use cases where 
real benefits have been provided to customers in different market verticals. The platform is interoperable, 
flexible, open. It can be provided as a service and of course the most important it has to be cyber secure. Now, 
when you look at this, this is where we are now moving up the value chain. We have been providing 
electrification and automation products and sub-solutions so to speak, but customers come back and say can 
you help solve a real problem for us? And this is where Siemens AG came up and said with Siemens Xcelerator, 
our intent is to provide a product that can be repeatable to answer a recurring customer problem. 
- 
A repeatable product for a recurring customer product problem and this means essentially, can you create a 
solution that is typical to a particular customer, which can be scaled up within a customer, which can then be 
scaled up within a vertical, and finally can be scaled up across verticals in an ideal world. Can you create or can 
we create products of that kind? Obviously, everything that we do does not create a complete product of that 
kind. This is where we said we need a platform where we allow partners to come on partner with us to find real 
solutions that we can, where we can really answer customers problems and last year, we announced a launch. 
Already in the first year, we have over a 100 use cases that we can start operating on. We will start multiplying 
and this is where the scale effect comes in. The scalability factor does come in. We're starting with a couple of 
verticals. These four verticals that you see on the screen, but essentially what we can do and we've already 
started just to give you an idea, we had a steel customer- steel manufacturer came in and said can you help us 
streamline the logistics that we have in our steel plant, inbound logistics, intralogistics, outbound logistics, and 
we said as a technology company this should be possible for us to actually do. We know how steel is 
manufactured. We know how things move in and out. We are part of that ecosystem. 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
6
- 
We are part of the electrification automation. We can do the digitalization as well. This is where we brought in 
sensors, RFID's, counters, platforms, etc., used some of their existing devices and then brought them onto 
mounted them on weighbridges at the entry and exit points, created brought all that information via the sensors 
onto a platform, and we're able to then monitor the complete inflow and intralogistics and outflow of equipment 
within the plant, use that information through data analytics to actually find the seamless way to improve the 
productivity of that entire process. Now again, this required automation from a part of the Digital Industries 
Business. There was an integration of the IoT, it required software, it required digital know how as well, and this 
is where you are able with this platform to bring everything together. It's answering a customer need. Now, if 
you can do this in the steel plant, there's no reason why you can't do it in a food and beverage, pharmaceutical, 
packaging, paper, any other plant over there, and this is what we mean by being able to scale a solution based 
on the pilot cases that you have with one customer into multiple customers and indeed across verticals. 
- 
Another example was the cable equipment manufacturer where he has equipment that is actually manufacturing 
cables and he wanted to use or improve the efficiency of that equipment and here again using the complete 
sensors and communication devices across all our equipment, we are able to provide them with those platforms, 
use the platforms to give him information about the wear and tear of the machines, give him information about 
the speed and utilization levels of the machines, give him information about the quality of the raw materials, 
bring all that together with the process know how that we have, and then provide a solution with which they are 
able to actually monitor the efficiencies of the plant. Finally, we had FMCG, again a similar process where we 
are able to create a digital tool of the process of a particular process and this was a process where he was 
looking at converting milk into powder and can we increase the efficiency or the purity of the powder and use 
that for other purposes as well? Again, because we have the process know how, we are able to bring all that 
together not only the factory automation part that we have, not only the process automation part that we have, 
but including the software and the process knowledge that we have to put it on to a platform, and support them 
by providing them with dashboards that they can use to increase the efficiencies that they have. 
- 
When I look at sustainability, customers come to us very clearly with sustainability targets. We have hospitality 
or hotels coming to us saying we have to 40% of the cost of running a hotel is actually energy cost. Can you 
help us bring down those costs? And this is where with our building technology systems, with the platforms that 
we have, we are able to take all the data that they have, and help them increase their energy efficiency, bring 
down their costs, bring down their carbon footprint. The same with food and beverages, where we are able to 
now graduate from a pure vanilla solution in a hotel industry. For example, in this one chain, we actually brought 
them financing from our NBFC; Siemens Financial Services. We went in, we told them you need to incur certain 
capex if you want energy efficiencies. They said what efficiency levels will you guarantee? And we said we can 
do so much efficiency level, but you're going to have to incur capex and then we told them and they told us, no, 
no, you make a single the capex and then the efficiency doesn't come and then we are stuck, and that's where 
we were able to bring in our financing company to go in and finance the capex and out of the savings that they 
achieved through the energy efficiencies, they were able to pay back the EMI's to the financing company and 
these were the solutions that we did in hotels, in food and Bev, in one customer we were able to graduate from 
there to one step further to a pay as you save model and these are different business models that come in, but 
again they run across the hardware verticals, bring in a layer of software and digitalization and process know 
how on top of it. 
- 
Of course, you are aware of the e-mobility acquisition that we did 38 crores acquisition of Mass-Tech that is 
now completely integrated. We are now looking at scaling that up. Maybe a short word to sustainability within 
Siemens. As you are aware, we launched our DEGREE platform, our sustainability platform three years ago, 
very clearly covering these six areas of sustainability that we want to focus on around the decarbonization and 
resource efficiency areas. We made an announcement globally and this is applicable for us here in the Company 
as well, that we will achieve a 55% reduction in carbon footprint by 2025 and come down 90% reduction by 
2030 in the carbon footprint of our own operations. From our supply chains, we will get to net 0 by 2050 and get 
to a 20% improvement, reduction in the in the carbon footprint by 2030 and then we said we will get to 0 waste 
to landfill by 2030, 50% of that coming by 2025. From an Indian perspective, we are well on track to achieve 
that. Already a lot of our own energy is coming from renewable sources and we are adding on to that. Our 
carbon footprint has substantially reduced in scope one and scope two. Plastic waste is zero completely in the 
organization and we're also moving towards, we are on track towards reduction in the overall waste to landfill. 
So, that's just a brief overview of some of the areas that I thought may interest you. We will then take questions 
at the end where you can add if there are anything further, you'd like me to dive deeper into. 
- 
Let me hand over now to Daniel to take you through the financial highlights of 2023 and take it from there. Over 
to you, Daniel. 
- 
Dr. Daniel Spindler – Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Siemens Limited: 
- 
Thank you. So, good afternoon and a very warm welcome also from my side. It's really nice to see you in person. 
For me it's only the second time that I have this pleasure to speak to you in person. First one was yeah, late in 
2019 and it's very nice to see you all here. Similar to what Sunil was saying, I will also update quickly whatever 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
7
that means in financial terms because there's a lot to be talked about, about our financial performance, 
whatever, I have tried to rather not overwhelm you with financial details because we want to have also 
afterwards some time for Q&A, but I would like the opportunity over the next 20 or 30 minutes to give you a 
broad overview about our financial performance and for ‘23 as well as some highlighting our final quarter, the 
fourth quarter which was on quarter four financial year ‘23 and just to remind our financial year goes from 1st of 
October to 30th of September. So, when I'm talking about quarter four, it’s from 1st of July to 30th of September 
financial year ‘23. 
- 
Today, a few days before Christmas, basically we already almost at the end of our first quarter financial year 
‘24, but I would like to tap into our performance from now already previous year 23 and I structured my part 
basically into four different chapters. The first one this time to give you an overview about our key metrics for 
the financial ‘23, followed by quarter four ‘23 and then I'm tapping into the different metrics and new orders, 
revenue, profitability mix followed by a swift chapter which is about the performance of each and every of our 
four Businesses. You heard about 10 portfolios starting from Digital Industries or short DI. So, if you talk about 
DI, it's Digital Industries, Smart Infrastructure, SI; Mobility as well as Energy and then lastly, since the numbers 
that we are usually talking about and all these chapters that I just described, they are based on standalone 
figures. So, it’s only Siemens Limited, whereas I know that you have a lot of interest in also understanding the 
consolidated numbers, the group numbers, and in addition to Siemens Limited, we have two subsidiaries - fully 
consolidated subsidiaries. One is the e-mobility, some Siemens Rail Automation, and the other one is the newly 
acquired C&S Electric entity that is part of smart infrastructure. Then, I will explain to you how the Group is 
looking like when it comes to financial performance. 
- 
So, having said this and let me start with financial year ‘23. It was not only a powerful finish, I would say it was 
a powerful year throughout and we have seen new orders increased by 138.8% compared to the previous year, 
largely on account of a very robust base business, which is our short cycling product business, primarily in DI 
as well as in SI products. Certainly, there's some huge spike as you all know comes from the 9K Loco order 
that we were able to record in quarter two financial year ‘23, but overall it was a very compelling performance 
that we have seen and probably has also to a record high order backlog and we finished the year from 45,518 
crores of order backlog. It was the all-time high that was after quarter two when we had 9K Loco and since then 
we are very stringently executing on our order backlog to turn it into revenue. 
- 
Revenue very nicely was growing with 21.3% for the entire year. All our four Businesses have achieved a 
double-digit revenue growth and for the entire Company, we were ending above 20%. EBITDA, which is the 
earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which really gives you the performance - the 
operational performance of our Businesses was standing at +12.7%. The year before, we were at 11.0, so that 
is an improvement by 170 basis points. Similar profit before tax was 14.4%, up by 270 basis points compared 
to prior year, and profit after tax still double digit with 10.8%. Remarkably, also our ETR, effective tax rate was 
improving coming down from 25.6% to 24.9%, and personally I'm very delighted to talk also about the wonderful 
cash performance that we have been achieving, which is mentioned here ₹19.3 billion of a cash from operations. 
It's purely from operational operating activities primarily. Putting that into relation, we have had about 25.5 profit 
before tax in absolute terms and our goal is to turn from that profitability a cash conversion rate of 1 minus 
growth into cash and if you have a 21.3% revenue growth, then you want to have at least some 80% of that is 
cash and we have been able to achieve this very nicely in the financial year ‘23. 
- 
So, well a very compelling performance and talking about the last quarter of that financial year. We also finished 
on a very strong trajectory on our profitable growth from and to put it into numbers as you can see here very 
nicely orders were finishing with +12.2%. Again, very robust in our short cycling product business supported by 
some bigger orders. Revenue quarter four ended even on the 25.0% growth year over year. Again, all are for 
Businesses have been able to achieve a double-digit revenue growth also in the fourth quarter. EBITDA was 
standing and 11.9%, plus profit before tax 13.4%, after tax 10.1%, all still in the double-digit, which is our 
benchmark, and we have been able to achieve a double-digit profitability not only in the fourth quarter, but 
consistently throughout the entire year around every quarter of the last financial year. We have been delivering 
on a nice double-digit profitability. Earnings per share, first quarter at ₹15. For the entire year if you add up all 
the four quarters, ₹53.67. Also, nice improvement compared to the previous year when it comes to earnings per 
share. 
- 
With this, I want to show a little bit more in detail our development of the key metrics. I'm starting here with our 
new order situation and prior year is always in blue and the current financial year, which is 23 is in bright green 
color and I wanted them to share with you here, our previous five quarters to put them into perspective and as 
you can nicely see we have always over the last five quarters seen a year over year growth. So, the number 
within the column gives you the absolute numbers in billion rupee and above you can see the growth year over 
year, so compared to the respective previous quarter and the previous financial year. So, starting with on quarter 
four, we have seen a 25.4% and then throughout the entire year financial 23, we have seen positive orders 
growth starting with 5.7% in the first quarter and then by a wonderful 491.3% in the second quarter and this is 
9K, but also couple of other orders that we have been able to record third quarter 5.9% and the fourth quarter 
12.2%. So, we see a very nice surge in our order backlog. We finished at 455.2 billion, a little bit below what we 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
8
had in quarter two and quarter three and you see our orders are coming down and this is a structural normal 
natural behavior that we have seen also in financial year ‘22 also have repeated in ‘23 and that allows you will 
see that on the next slide that allows us to have a very steady revenue increase throughout the entire year. So, 
as far as very important to have a strong order intake in the first half, so that we can see also strong order 
conversion for the entire year. 
- 
Strong growth momentum in base business on to put it into a number, it's roughly around 20% on what we see 
is a growth we have seen multiple large orders in mobility, not only 9K and we heard from Sunil it was also for 
instance, Gujarat Metro, I mean Ahmedabad and then Surat, but also data center, some transmission oil and 
gas, just to name a few. So, we had a couple of large orders throughout three of our four Businesses. DI as you 
know is typically not a big project business, but in mobility as SI as well as in SE, we have seen nice large 
orders as well and that's also something to spend a few words on. We have seen a normalization of an advanced 
ordering effect how we call it, what does that mean? You may recall in the previous year and especially also the 
second-half of ‘22, there was a lot of disruption and constraints in our supply chain and that was leading to a 
behavior on the our channel partner side and customer side to start ordering in order to secure slots and in 
order to secure their deliveries. 
- 
Obviously, on advanced ordering effect especially in Digital Industries and now with the supply chains almost 
completely easing up, it hasn't been much of a problem anymore. You're every now and then hear a little bit of 
a supply chain issue, but I think that is an ongoing and that will be recurring all the going forward. We will never 
have any more situation where the supply chain is perfectly running, but we manage it very well and we manage 
it for instance also with a very close collaboration with our suppliers. We have strategic partnerships, some who 
are also to have some preferred partners, some to work closely together with our partners not to rely on single 
sources, and so on and so forth. So, we have a very elaborate supply chain strategy in place in order to secure 
our supply and respectively also in the supply of our channel partners and customers. So, this has been 
normalizing, meaning there was a huge ordering effect especially in Digital Industries in the first half of the year 
and that is now coming down and it is very important for us to execute on this order backlog and turn it into 
revenue by avoiding other cancellations, which has been also on a very, very low level thankfully. 
- 
With this, let me tap into the revenue side and put it as a header. Also, there's a very strong double-digit year 
over year growth which has repeated for several quarters now. You can see, almost double digit starting from 
the last quarter of financial year ‘22 with 10.8 followed by 17.2, 28.8, 14.0, and the first quarter with 25% revenue 
growth and the 53 billion for that particular quarter from July to September ‘23 was the highest - the highest 
absolute revenue that our Company has ever recorded. So, all we see a very stringent order backlog execution, 
which is leading us to this some steady revenue increase. As you can see, it's from an absolute perspective 
throughout the entire year. We saw an increase in absolute numbers. Again, just jumping back to others, we 
have seen a very strong order intake in the first half that allowed us to have a steady revenue increase 
throughout the entire year. Book to bill including 9K Loco is at 2.62, meaning we have a very slow order rate 
almost three years. However, if I take out 9K Loco, it’s still at 1.13, so attending towards future growth also 
going forward and lastly, H2 was benefiting from a strong order intake in the first half, which I have already 
mentioned. 
- 
Now, want to give you a bit more insights when it comes to our mix - portfolio mix, and business mix, and let me 
start with the first one which is on the mix, when it comes to domestic and export business. You know that we 
have a lot of factories here in India, which is part of the global supply chain for Siemens. So, there's a lot of 
export business happening also towards direct customers or towards other Siemens entities around the world 
and then traditionally, we were roughly around 20% when it came to our export business. In ‘22, it was at 17.8 
and in ‘23, it came further down to 15.4%, and the pure reason for this is a very strong domestic market that we 
are very delightful seeing here in India, which is allowing us to have a very strong growth and this is how revenue 
numbers to have a very strong growth on the revenue side. So, again, our total revenue growth was around 
21%. 
- 
If I now divided into our export business, even so relatively it was going down, but on an absolute number, our 
export business was increasing by 5% as well. So, don't get misled by the information. I think that our export 
business is declining just a portion, the relative portion was coming down due to the strength of the domestic 
market in India, whereas in absolute terms our export business was increasing by 5% and our domestic 
business by 25%. On the business mix side, which is some project versus some product and service business. 
Also, on the revenue side, we saw very steady development almost on very same terms. So, 13.5 - 13.6 is our 
project business in revenue and the remainder is some product and service business. Service business is 
roughly in the range from 10% to 15% supposedly to increase because it gives us a very nice profitability. So, 
our aim is also to increase our service business and on the other hand, what is very important for us is also 
when it comes to execution of this large orders to have a very solid project execution in terms of focusing that 
this projects also gives us a decent profitability like we have been enjoying it on the product side. 
- 
What you can't see here on the slide, but maybe also of interest for you, what is the portion of private versus 
some public business. Traditionally, we have been in the area of 20% of our business was public governmental 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
9
business. It has come down with a strong private focus of our Company. It has come down considerably to 10% 
in ‘22, now increasing towards 14% in ‘23, and in future now think of the 9K Loco order which is public business 
and as you know with Indian Railways, our portion in public business will again come back to historical levels 
which were more in the area 20%-25% and even above since it’s a large order that we are seeing with Indian 
Railways. Having said this on, let me guide you through our EBITDA. Same picture like for new orders and 
revenue. Header says its probability was maintained well above +12% on a comparable basis and I will explain 
to you later on our impact that we are seeing from FX and commodities. 
− 
Typically, we have quite a volatile profitability on high level so, but there are some volatility in especially because 
others have FX. We have a lot of import and export content that's why we also prone to FX volatility even though 
we have a stringent FX hatching policy. Same on the commodity side, commodity is also sparking, let's say last 
12 to 18 months quite considerably, now normalizing. Still our three most important commodities, aluminum, 
copper, and silver, we have seen a little increase, but we are hedging against that, but overall, we see a very, 
very strong profitability when it comes to Siemens Limited. So, I'm very happy to say actually that every of this 
quarters that you can see on this slide was above 10%. First quarter ‘23, even 15.3%, and here exactly that 
effect where there was just describing was kicking in that we saw quite some impact out of FX and commodities, 
but nevertheless, it was a strong quarter also in the second one, third one, and finally we finished the fourth 
quarter with 11.9% EBITDA and I put it here on the right-hand side first bullet without FX and commodity, we 
have seen a stable development 12.4% from ‘22 to ‘23 for the entire year. 
− 
So very strong and stable operational performance, unchanged. Operational margin remains on a very constant 
level. NCCs, which is Non-Conformance Cost Non-Conformance Cost typically arise in terms of project 
execution, if you have additional unforeseen costs, liquidated damages, etc. Our goal is to keep them on a very, 
very low single-digit (if not even below 1%) level. And, we have been able to achieve this, which is very important 
if you have a high portion of project business to keep your NCCs under control, which we have been able to 
achieve. 
− 
Then, another very important thing to mention here is, we were very successful, especially in Digital Industries, 
as well as in Smart Infrastructure, to get through with some price increases. So when commodity prices were 
increasing, we were able to forward those price increases, input price increases, towards our customers in 
several rounds in order to secure our margin. And lastly, we have seen some increases in discretionary 
spending, especially travel expenses or professional legal services or IT licenses and the like. Personnel 
expenses also went up. But we have been very much able to offset that with a higher productivity, and I will 
come to that on my very next slides. Actually, this one and the slide afterwards, to give you a bit more of a flavor 
about our operational performance on this one, and we have shown this in our last analyst call, because you 
had over so many questions about FX and commodity impact. So, we created this table here. I want to show 
this to you again for this year and for the 2nd half of last financial year. 
− 
So let me guide you through this one. It may be a little bit complicated for the ones that are not so financially 
expertised, but let me try to help you a little bit what we wanted to show you here. So, we have here the revenue, 
and then we have the EBITDA in absolute terms, and that gives you the margin, the EBITDA margin. And in 
that EBITDA margin, there's typically also included FX gains and losses, gains and losses that we have been 
recording through volatility, in especially Euro, Dollar versus Rupee terms. And you know also, the Rupee, now 
it's at 91.2 versus the Euro. There's some volatility in the Rupee. And then commodity, also very high fluctuation 
in commodity prices, and that's why we wanted to eliminate those effects and wanted to show you the adjusted 
EBITDA and percentage of revenue. So, for ‘22 and ‘23, if we now concentrate on the first two columns, then 
you can see that the EBITDA, as reported for financial year ‘22 was at 11.0%, and for ‘23 it was at 12.7%. 
However, in ‘22 we had huge losses out of FX and out of commodities, whereas we were able to record gains 
in commodity and forex in the financial year ’23 through our stringent hedging policy when it comes to 
commodities, but also out of mark-to-market and realized, unrealized gains and losses from revaluation from 
creditors and debtors when it comes to FX. So, if we eliminate this, then you see exactly what I mentioned on 
the slide before, that we have a very stable operational EBITDA performance. Actually, it's on the same level 
on both years. We have been able to achieve a 12.4% EBITDA margin for all our Businesses. 
− 
In the 2nd half, you see, if you do the same exercise, you see a little deterioration, and that has nothing to do 
with an operational performance. It has to do also with some additional expenditures now that we are doing in 
order to secure our further expansion. You have heard also with the last press release that we are investing 
quite a lot here in India into further expansion, 416 crore in VI, vacuum interrupter or power transformer. In ‘23 
we have invested a lot into our Aurangabad bogey bogie factory that Sunil was talking about. So, we have some 
additional operational expenses when it comes to factory ramp-up, R&D expenses and the like. And that's why 
you saw a little deterioration in the performance in the 2nd half, purely out of that reason. And later on, you will 
see that in much more detail when I guide you through the four different Businesses. 
− 
And I thought it would be also very interesting for you to see a bridge when it comes to Profit Before Tax from 
’22 to ’23. And we have been having a PBT, you remember from my first slide, it was 11.5% for ‘22, then going 
up to 14.4%. That was the 290 basis points improvement that I was talking about. And why have we been able 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
10 
to achieve this? Because in the very first place of a favorable volume mix and price extraction. And that has 
improved our profitability by 8.4 billion Rupee. So volume mix means we are shifting your business towards 
more favorable, more profitable business, product lines, service, software business, etc. And price extraction is 
what I talked about, that we were able to also increase prices into the market. 
− 
This was very much offsetting some counter effects like, for instance, employee benefits, expenses, employee 
welfare, salary increases that we have here experiencing in India. Also offsetting asset expenses. I mentioned 
some of the marketing, logistics, professional service, travel expenses, licenses, IT. The more we are going 
now into becoming a digital company, the more we also have to pay for licenses, for instance, or for IT tools 
and processes. Traveling has picked up. We want to be closer to our customers now than we were in the past, 
especially during Corona. We want to showcase our technology and that requires also customer proximity, 
meaning more travel expenses, which we were able to offset with a better volume and price extraction. 
− 
Then I mentioned already, we are experiencing some Fx gains out of mark-to-market, some revaluation of 
creditors and debtors. And, through our very stringent and strict hedging when it comes to commodities, we 
were also able to record a gain. And then finally, we had also some other income since we were also giving out 
some corporate deposits. With our nice cash position, we were able to record some nice interest income, and 
the interest rates were also going up compared to the year before. It's not only that we have more funds available 
to place these deposits, but also the interest rate was going up to 6.8% in average. That also allowed us to get 
more interest income plus dividends from our subsidiaries, which are also now very successful and are able to 
give us some nice dividend payouts. So all in all, we were then, with all these factors, able to improve our 
profitability by 290 basis points from 11.5 to 14.4%.  
− 
Now, let me run you through the performance of our four Businesses starting with Digital Industries or DI. On 
the left-hand side, you will always see the full year performance. Top is the orders. On the bottom, you see the 
revenue plus the margin, which you see here on the percentage points within the boxes. And on the right-hand 
side, you see the breakdown into the five previous quarters. So let me guide you through that. I’ll try to be a little 
bit quicker because I saw already that time is running and we want to have some Q&A for you available.  
− 
But let me give you a bit of an insight how DI was developing. 4% for the full year and orders growth. And here 
we see that impact out of this advanced ordering effect, where channel partners had ordered already quite a 
lot, and now it's normalizing and de-stocking is happening. And for the quarterly breakdown, you see that we 
had a very strong 1st quarter, followed by a solid 2nd quarter, and then normalizing in the 3rd and 4th quarter. 
Book-to-bill is still at 1.1, meaning that there's some growth to be expected also going forward. And we see a 
stable year, where your growth on account of normalization of the automation demand here also in the market.  
− 
Markets are intact. You heard it from Sunil. We see our key verticals being very strong, let it be metals or cement 
or food and beverage and the like, which are important for Digital Industries. So all in all, our market condition 
is still very favorable and continues to remain favorable. We have had a huge order backlog, which is now 
supporting the quarterly revenue. And there you see the nice impact now out of a stringent order backlog 
conversion, our revenue in DI was steadily increasing over the last five quarters. For the full year, 24% up 
compared to 22%. And on a quarterly breakdown, you see that every quarter was stronger than the quarter 
before, and ended at 11.5, which is 26% higher than the same quarter previous year. 
− 
Profitability remains very, very strong in DI. Always double-digit. 24.9 in the first quarter of ‘23. FX and 
commodity was playing a major role here. But in the 2nd, 3rd and 4th quarter, you see kind of normalized 
profitability, which is in DI, nicely in the range of 10-12%. So, we see a double-digit profitability out of productivity 
gains, higher volumes plus tight cost control, and also good price conversions. 
− 
Next one would be smart infrastructure. ‘23 had a very strong top-line development, which was leading to 
consistently improved margin quality. So, smart infrastructure was doing exceptionally well in ‘23. I don't want 
to say against odds, but smart infrastructure, I have to say to some extent, surprised me a little bit with the very 
strong development that they were showing quarter over quarter. So, this is really becoming a crown jewel here 
in our Company. And just to put it into numbers, 25% orders growth, 20% revenue growth, and especially if you 
look into the margin quality of smart infrastructure, and let me read it out here for you, 12.6%, 14.2%, 13.3%, 
and the 1st quarter at 14.1% is a very compelling performance of smart infrastructure here in India. And we are 
really delighted about the development that we see in our SI Business. So, a big thanks to our colleagues here 
in smart infrastructure. 
− 
What helped them to achieve this margin? I put it there, some better product mix, shifting to higher margin 
products and product lines, but also increased revenue, again, with combination with a tight control of your 
costs, allowed us to achieve that nice margin.  
− 
Thirdly, mobility. Mobility got a lot of attention and focus in financial year ‘23. 746% order growth, and you know 
that our 9K loco order is part of that, with 263 billion Rupees. Nicely, not only growing, but actually surging, 
spiking, so gave us a very nice performance in the 2nd quarter, as you can see here. And then we have also 
been in the 3rd quarter, able to get some nice projects. A couple of them we heard already in electrification, 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
11 
those in rolling stock, but mainly electrification and some also in signaling. So solid order growth. Maybe a little 
bit underplayed, solid order growth. If you take, of course, 9K into consideration, then it's a massive order 
growth. But also underlying, even without 9K, I would call it a solid order growth, which was coming especially 
out of rolling stock and rail infrastructure segments. 
− 
Then we see a strong revenue growth out of that project execution that we are seeing, and here it's of paramount 
importance that the project execution is going smoothly. It's really very large-scale projects that we have, 
especially in rolling stock, and a proper project execution will be key for success. So far, we have been able to 
achieve this, and I'm confident also that it will continue like that. 
− 
Profitability, a bit volatile, as you can see. Mobility, I'm starting with 0.8%, followed by 7.2%, 4.0%, 2.1%. This 
is impacted by ramp-up costs. This is impacted also by R&D costs. The underlying performance without such 
extraordinary effects would still be in a nice mid-single-digit range, and as per our expectations. 
− 
Lastly, energy. Energy was benefiting from favorable conditions in our key markets, which was leading to a top-
line growth and also to a continuous margin expansion. Order's growth in ‘23 was some plus 9%, revenue also 
some double-digit plus 13% in energy. If you break it down into quarterly development, let me focus here only 
on the revenue, then you see that we have been nicely increasing also our revenue from one quarter to the 
other. And then finishing with a very strong quarter at 18.3 billion, which also allowed us to record a very decent 
profitability with 13.0%. So very stable operational EBITDA margin here as well. 
− 
And as you have heard, we have also large projects in Siemens Energy Division, whether it be from oil and gas 
or transmission and the like. So also it's very important that the proper project execution is solidifying our top-
line development, which we have been able to achieve in every quarter in financial year ‘23. 
− 
With this, I basically come to my last slide. As promised in my introduction, I wanted to show to you how the 
group is developing. So far, we have only spoken about Siemens Limited's standalone on continuing operations. 
Here, I want to share with you the performance of the entire group, which is Siemens Limited, SL, which is then 
our 99.22 subsidiary C&S Electric, which was an acquisition 2-3 years ago, plus Siemens Rail Automation 
Private Limited, which is a subsidiary of our Business Unit, Rail Infrastructure. And, if you add up these three 
different entities when you come to the total, however, for the ones who are not so familiar with bookkeeping 
and accounting terms, there's also some eliminations happening until you come to the consolidated numbers, 
meaning that you have some intercompany purchases, sales, etc., that you have to eliminate for the group. So, 
if you add that up under different three entities, then you have to also subtract in the end intercompany effects. 
− 
Most important here is the last line. So, for the Profit Before Tax margin, this 14.4%, if you recall, that Siemens 
Limited has been achieving. For C&S, we have seen 10.9%, which is very much in line with our expectations. 
One-time integration costs have not been happening anymore. Integration is fully completed. C&S is fully 
running, fully operational, and also up to the expectations that we were having into this acquisition, even slightly 
above that. So, I'm happy to report that in 2023, we have seen C&S already with an underlying performance of 
10.9%.  
− 
And Siemens Rail Automation is a rather small one, as you can see, 2.5 billion of revenue. But that’s a crown 
jewel that we are having here in our group, because it is not only in ‘23 recording a 37.2% profitability, but also 
in the years before. So that is a substantial contribution to the success of our Siemens Limited group here in 
India, and it's a very successful business. 
− 
C&S, I would see as the next jewel to also develop. We are well on track, as I said, with 10.9%. And if you take 
these three companies all together, then the group has sum recording of 14.4%, like Siemens Limited alone as 
well. 
− 
And then, you have to take some intercompany eliminations and PPA effects into consideration, meaning that 
you have to write off, for instance, technology or customer relationships. And if you eliminate this, then you 
come to a group profitability of 13.7%. So, it's a little bit lower, and sometimes there may be a bit of a question 
mark from your side, how is C&S doing, because you can't see it directly. If you eliminate those effects out of 
purchase price allocation, then you see that C&S is having a nice profitability of 10.9% and double-digit as well. 
− 
With this, I would like to conclude my part. I hope I gave you a good insight into the financial performance and 
good transparency. And I'm curious to hear from you what other questions you may have. We're happy to 
answer now any questions when it comes to strategy, business, and of course, also financial performance. 
Thank you so much for the time being. 
− 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
− 
Thanks Daniel. So, with that, we can open it up to Q&A. Please raise your hands. Tell us who you are and which 
firm you represent. And we can take it from there. Sorry?  

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
12 
− 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
− 
A summary? 
− 
Mr. Sunil Mathur - Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
− 
Yeah, probably that. Sorry. I'll take one last slide as a summary. And that's basically how we see the 
environment. One is, essentially the geopolitical environment still continues to be volatile. We are not really 
aware of what could hit us next. But we have been very, very clear that in the last year, there have been a whole 
lot of series of Black Swan events that have come in. And I think, this is now the new normal. We are going to 
have to learn to operate in a very volatile environment, and we are geared up to do that.  
− 
Just to summarize again, we do believe the Indian economy is very, very resilient. We have a lot of positivity 
about the growth prospects of the country, and we do believe that this is a market that will grow. It will grow in 
all the verticals that we are actually operating in, be it manufacturing, be it mobility space. Every city requires 
infrastructure. The country needs infrastructure. Energy does need also transportation and so on. And 
manufacturing will be the backbone for all of that. And digitalization will be the underlying foundation that will 
bring all that together. 
− 
We see very clearly new emerging verticals. I have told you about the verticals that we are working in already. 
Food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, chemicals, water and so on. But very clearly, there are emerging verticals 
pushed by the PLI scheme, where we do see investments actually happening.  
− 
From a Siemens perspective, we will continue, as we have already announced, we will continue on further 
localization activities to expand our existing capacities. We will continue to grow our digital portfolio. And we will 
continue to support our customers on their sustainability journeys through the supply of our products, services 
as well as digitalization. That's really our strategy for the year ahead. We have our existing portfolio. We've got 
a portfolio to grow, and we see the market growing here; one of the few markets. We are adding capacities 
here, not only for ourselves, but also for global. And that will be our strategy for the year ahead. 
− 
Now let's open it up to you. Yes, question to you please. 
− 
Q&A Session: 
− 
Mr. Chockalingam – ICICI Prudential AMC: 
− 
This is Chockalingam from ICICI Prudential. First of all, congrats for a great year to the entire team. First, on 
the mobility order actually, on the business. I think Dr. Spindler kind of talked about, without those ramp-up 
costs, it would have been mid-single-digit margins. Is that the level that we should kind of expect in that business, 
or what is the normal state in that business? Because the reason to understand that is, because it's a pretty 
large order, and the difference between the L1 and L2 was actually pretty big. So, if you could touch upon that 
to whatever extent it's possible, that would be helpful. 
− 
And second, on the demerger of the Energy Business that we had kind of talked about. I just want to ensure, 
did we read it right that the listing will be in 2025?  
− 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
− 
So I will answer both the questions. Can we put up the mic? I'm shouting. Okay, just on your first question. So 
as far as the mobility order is concerned, the 9,000 horsepower, let me put this in context, because we've had 
this question about the gap between L1 and L2. We have the technology for 9,000 horsepower. The competition 
has the technology for 12,000 horsepower. The intent of the railways was to come out with both the 9,000 
horsepower and the 12,000 horsepower tenders together. Practically, no company, none of us, can do both of 
the orders together. And therefore, since both tenders were coming out together, we took a call that we will go 
for the 9,000 horsepower. I can't say what the competition decided for themselves, but since we had the 
technology, we already knew what the price point should be. And that is really the price point at which we bid. 
We cannot comment at the price at which the others did, but the others did not have the technology and were 
probably looking for the 12,000 horsepower as their target, and therefore bid accordingly. So, I don't want to 
speculate, but we are confident on our bidding profile. We are confident on the margin levels that we have bid. 
They are not margin dilutive. 
− 
Let me also explain a little bit about the order. This is 11 years of supply, 35 years of maintenance. It is 
essentially a product business. So, we supply components and subsystems out of our factories and from third 
parties. We bring them together in the factory of the Indian Railways. We build the locomotive in the Indian 
Railways’ factory. We are paid the moment we deliver the locomotive on a per locomotive basis. The price that 
we have given is a weighted average price, taking into account 35 years of maintenance and the 11 years of 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
13 
supply of the locomotive. What I can say very clearly is, this is not margin dilutive for us. It has met our margin 
hurdles for the business. 
− 
Dr. Daniel Spindler – Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Siemens Limited:  
− 
If I may just add one or two more important thoughts. Firstly, it gives us a good load for the next years to come, 
and also service business for many, many years. It also helps us to load our factories. And it also helps us on 
a very positive side effect to be successful in further bidding since we have a strong localization here in India. 
All in all, we are very happy with that order because it helps us a lot from a strategic direction to have a strong 
local footprint for rolling stock in India. 
− 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
− 
On the demerger of the business, look, it has not been decided yet. So, I don't want to speculate. The board 
has been requested or the board has received a statement of intent from the promoters. The board has asked 
the management to start the process of exploring what that means. As management, we are obliged to look at 
a 360 view of what it means for the Company and for our shareholders. We will examine that process, and as 
and when we are ready, we will place the results of our observations and our findings to the board to take a 
decision.  
− 
The intent of the parent is to demerge the India business of Siemens Energy. The process takes whatever it… 
the timeline will be whatever it will be. So, I can't give you… I can't tell you whether it will happen and I can't tell 
you when it will happen. Right now, we have only been mandated by the board based on a request by the 
promoters to examine the proposal, and that's what we are doing. 
− 
Mr. Harshit Patel – Equirus Securities: 
− 
One question here please. This is Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Sir, my first question is on our 
localization levels. As you mentioned, we have very healthy amount of localization levels, especially in energy, 
smart infra and mobility Businesses. However, the DI Business, at least on the product side, would largely 
depend on imports. Now, if not the exact numbers, but if you can at least give the descending order of 
localization among these three large segments, then that will be very helpful. 
− 
Also, what are our localization plans? I mean what are the product categories that we are currently importing 
and we plan to localize them in each of these three segments? If you could give that idea please. 
− 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
So look, our strategy as far as localization, has always been very similar… very simple. We look at, does it 
make sense? Is there a market big enough in India for us to start a factory in India and to justify business case 
for return on investment, right? How much, or can we achieve the price point that we need to achieve to reach 
out to the Indian market? Then does it make sense for us to make this product or should we buy/outsource the 
product within India or outsource the product from one of the Siemens factories worldwide? That is our view 
from an India perspective. The parent then looks at it from the perspective, does it make sense for us to have 
yet another factory when our existing factories are underutilized, right, or are we adding capacities? And can 
India substantiate or substantially support us in our global network of factories? Right now, we have 32 factories 
in India and a large element of our activities are localized; localized for India but also localized for global supply. 
So, we are a part of local for local but also a local for global part of their global network. 
 
- 
If I go business by business, you're right, our Digital Industries Business does not have any manufacturing in it 
primarily because to manufacture PLCs and SIMATIC and things of that sort you have got to have volumes and 
those volumes do not exist in India at this point in time. The price levels come only from volumes and those 
volumes are available in the existing factories of Siemens around the world. 
 
- 
If I look at our Smart Manufacturing or Smart Infrastructure Business, it is largely localized, which is a mix 
between what we need for our own requirements and what we need to supply as part of the global supply chain. 
 
- 
If I look at our Mobility, we are increasing our localization efforts over there. You know for a long time we were 
only working on the electrification and signaling area, we've expanded into rolling stock, we opened a bogie 
factory, we've now gone into locomotives using the factory of the Indian Railways and we will continue down 
that journey as and when there are requirements. We will add more component manufacturing into our Nashik. 
So, that's a continuous exercise. 
 
- 
On the Energy side, we've just announced an expansion for the Transformers business there. So, we are 
substantially localized there and we are adding capacities because the market is growing not only in India but 
growing globally.  
 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
14 
- 
Mr. Harshit Patel – Equirus Securities: 
 
- 
Sure. Sir, my second question is on we have one unlisted company named Siemens Industrial Software and 
also Siemens Technology and Services. Now, this is a fairly large entity with revenues close to 3,000 crores 
and very high EBITDA margins as well. And this is a service based company highly focused on exports, I think 
close to 95% of the revenues come from group entities only, so what is the difference between what this 
company does and what our DI, I mean, a part of Digital Industries does at Siemens? Is there any overlap 
between the two entities?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, over 95% of Siemens Information Software as well as Siemens Technology Services is purely internal 
application software, which is done internally local for global, right. Very little of it is actually being used. Very 
little of it is actually being used for us in our digital activities here. we want to increase that component but it's 
still very-very small low single digits, right. Now, the reason is very simple. Both of these are 100% subsidiaries 
of the parent company, both of them are only supplying software and services which are used internally to the 
global company. So, Siemens Information Software is primarily supplying into the U.S. for use for Siemens 
software globally. The Siemens Technology has got a mixture of R&D of software of shared services. So, 
Accounting, HR and that sort of stuff and all our internal shared services, which is also purely for global. 
 
- 
So, effectively all the business that we do, which is with third parties, external customers and non-internal, 
comes into this Siemens Limited legal entity. Whatever is done local for global as part of their global portfolio 
development, more  as a shared service resource, is done out of India is out of these two companies. 
 
- 
Mr. Harshit Patel – Equirus Securities: 
 
- 
Understood, Sir. Thank you. Thank you very much.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Yeah, right next to you, please. 
 
- 
Mr. Mayank – HSBC Mutual Fund: 
 
- 
Yeah. Hi, Sir. Thank you. This is Mayank from HSBC Mutual Fund. Sir, on the Mobility Business, I think for the 
last five quarters the margins have been pretty depressed. Like you said that we've been reopening our bogie 
factory and we've also incurred significant R&D costs, so first piece is the reopening exercise over now, so 
where are we on that piece? And we are generally not very heavy spenders of R&D in this entity, so what nature 
of R&D have we undertaken in this business?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Okay. So, the Mobility Business is heavy capex, right, and as we are growing the business we will continue to 
invest in that business. It is a business where we were under invested in the past. As I said, we were not present 
in rolling stock and that is something that we intend to build up. Competency is in but that is heavy capex over 
there. We are also looking at our Smart Infrastructure Business, which we also announced as part of the 400 
million investment, where we are looking at expanding capacities there as well into localization but also 
expanding capacities there. So, I think as far as Mobility in particular is concerned, there is an impact that will 
be there on the bottom line as we continue down the journey of making this more local, this business, for some 
time but we are getting very good orders both on electrification, signaling and now also on rolling stock. That 
will boost the topline as well as bottom line in the years ahead. That is the investment that we are doing. 
 
- 
What was your second question?  
 
- 
Mr. Mayank – HSBC Mutual Fund: 
 
- 
On the R&D piece, Sir. 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, we benefit terrifically from the R&D which is done by the parent company. So, again, we do not see a 
necessity to duplicate the effort by doing the R&D within Siemens Limited. The parent company spends close 
to €7 billion a year on R&D. A lot of that is done out of India in some of these entities that were just mentioned 
over there, a lot of that is done globally and then we take the benefit of that R&D in the products and solutions 
that they have to first sell them in the Indian market, then go towards the localization and adaptation to meet 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
15 
the needs of the Indian market specifically. So, we don't do the core R&D but we adapt through our localization 
efforts and our localization measures global products to local requirements. 
 
- 
One back there, please. Yes.  
 
- 
Mr. Kunal – BNK Securities: 
 
- 
Yeah. Hi, Sir. Thank you for the opportunity. This is Kunal from BNK Securities. Sir, you did mention about T&D 
as one of the key areas, if you can talk in detail about the outlook in the T&D segment? And also you have 
recently announced capacity addition in transformers and switch gears, so where will be our capacity post this 
addition? And a related question to this is, is this capacity addition largely related to the domestic market or we 
are seeing opportunities for these products in the export market as well? Thank you.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
No, thanks for that question. So, Transmission and Distribution or Transmission in particular is growing not only 
in India but globally. As you get more renewables coming into the grid over there, the requirement for 
transmission will increase and that's what we are seeing here in the country as well. Both for normal substations, 
400kV and so on, but also moving into the high end ones HVDC 765kV, 800kV substation there as well. So, we 
believe very clearly the requirement for transmission, stabilization of the grid through STATCOM facts, et cetera 
that will be a huge requirement. In India, we see a huge potential coming up. TBCB programs are running. On 
the Distribution side, RDSS are gaining more traction over there. So, Transmission overall, we do see a growth. 
There is undercapacity in the global market and in India around transformers, power transformers, and this is 
now slowly a booming market for equipment suppliers not only within India but globally as well. 
 
- 
So, when we looked at the expansion that we are doing over here, part of that expansion is to serve the 
expanding capacities that are required for the Indian market but a lot of it will be for capacities that are required 
for the global market as well.  
 
- 
Mr. Kunal – BNK Securities: 
 
- 
Sure. Sir, and how much would be our capacity post this expansion?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Total capacity, we’ll let you have the number.  
 
- 
Mr. Kunal – BNK Securities: 
 
- 
Sure. Thank you so much, Sir.  
 
- 
Mr. Amit Anwani – Prabhudas Lilladher: 
 
- 
Hi, Sir. This side Amit Anwani from Prabhudas Lilladher. My first question pertains to C&S Electric. We acquired 
that company 2-3 years back with the intent to have a complimentary full scale portfolio on LV side and I can 
see the margin for FY23 was about 10.9%, much lower than the overall margins for the Company. So, just 
wanted to understand is it playing well with the kind of strategy we acquired this business for? And at the same 
time if you would let us know which markets it is catching and the distributor led revenue in C&S Electric as well 
as Siemens as an entity? Yeah.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, our strategy for C&S was essentially to get into the second level market, what we call the mid-level market. 
Siemens has traditionally for all its products been in the prime markets, yeah, in the premium markets, and we 
were beginning to believe we need to get into the next segment which is why we looked for a company which 
was more active in the midsegment. 
 
- 
The second synergy effect that we saw is Siemens was very strong on the industrial market- low voltage. C&S 
was very strong on the infrastructure market- low voltage. And this is where we saw the complimentary benefit 
of that. We could bring that together and address both markets. So, it was a perfect fit. 
 
- 
The third rationale for C&S was exports, to see how we can use the exports over here as part of the global 
export strategy to penetrate markets where Siemens price levels were too high and we needed to get into 
premium markets. 
 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
16 
- 
So, let me go one by one. The margins that we have over here are better than pre- acquisition margins, right. 
So, we have actually improved on the pre-acquisition margins already in the third year of acquisition where we 
have brought in a whole lot of measures to turn it around. So, we are well on track in continuing penetrating the 
Indian market, bringing in the synergies between the Siemens business on the industrial side and the C&S 
business on the infrastructure side. We have started now and this is where we should expect marginal 
improvements to happen getting into the export market. Now, getting into the export market takes longer, you 
need to get approved by the regulators in the countries and that takes time and so on. But we have now started 
penetrating into Asia Pacific region, Middle East and South America and those are the markets that we see a 
huge potential for. 
 
- 
So, moving down the line, I think, we are well on track over there. In fact, the growth that we have seen in C&S 
has been better than our expectations there, both top line and bottom line, and we also see now an expansion 
also expected in the top line, bottom line as exports start kicking in a real way in C&S. 
 
- 
Dr. Daniel Spindler – Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Yeah, two more things maybe. First, we have also, I guess, you have heard it the Innova brand, which is a 
Siemens brand within C&S, which helps us also to boost the domestic as well as the export market and we 
have set up already a distribution network in order to cater for that additional export business which would lead 
to expansion.  
 
- 
Mr. Amit Anwani – Prabhudas Lilladher: 
 
- 
My next question on the order intake. This year we did about 7%-8% base order growth, excluding the large 
order, and you highlighted multiple opportunities across areas and as well as private capex at the inflection 
point. So, do you expect the sustainable intake growth to go up in double digits for next 2-3 years? What is your 
thought on order intakes in coming years?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, I'm not going to give you a guidance on the future but I do see as India's growth increases, GDP continues 
I had outlined to you the opportunities that we have over here and I do expect the growth in the topline coming 
over there. As I said, the only cautionary term, cautionary phrase is the volatility in the environment. There could 
be some slowdown due to elections in large orders, decision making may get delayed but not canceled. I believe 
the demand in the Indian economy is very strong. It is realizing, so there could be some delay shifting from a 
quarter to the next. Overall, the Indian demand scenario I see is very, very robust and we will be part of that 
growth story.  
 
- 
Mr. Amit Anwani – Prabhudas Lilladher: 
 
- 
My last question on LV Motors business, which we wanted to sell to parent six months back. You highlighted 
that time it's an outsourced model not making sense for us and the patents are with Siemens AG. So, what is 
the status now on that business after whatever events unfolded? Yeah. 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, you recommended to the shareholders not to vote in favor and that is the current status. The business is 
very much still a part of Siemens Limited. We will continue with the business within the constraints that we 
already informed you and we will see what happens with the parent company. When an event happens over 
there, then we will have to review with our Board what steps to take or what the options are on the table.  
 
- 
Mr. Amit Anwani – Prabhudas Lilladher: 
 
- 
Thank you. 
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
Yeah. Sir, this is Rahul Gajare from Haitong.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Where are you please? If you stand up? Thank you.  
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
17 
- 
Yeah. So, you know, I have a question on Mobility. Given that this is a fairly long cycle of execution and 
maintenance, do you all have a back to back arrangement with your vendors? Because what I do understand 
is typically globally vendors don't give more than 15-20 years of warranties or the price holding capacity, so 
what is your thought on how will you manage the entire service journey of about 35 years?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, this is not new business for Siemens. We are doing this all over the world, right, and this is where 
digitalization also plays a huge role where you can do predictive maintenance upfront where you can work with 
your suppliers together, where you can bring…Please, sit down. Where you can bring everything together. So, 
yes, we expect very clearly that we will get the benefits and that's all calculated into the margin calculation that 
we have, based on the experience that we have worldwide in doing similar projects. So, a project of this kind is 
not one off in the world, let me put it this way. This is fairly standard business where over a period of time you 
are having to make deliveries and then you have long term maintenance contracts that kick in over there and 
you use all of that to negotiate the prices with suppliers, terms and conditions with suppliers, warranty conditions 
with suppliers as well.  
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
But globally do you have contracts with such a large time frame of service?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Yes. 
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
Yeah, okay. Thank you.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Maybe not of the size, this locomotive order was the largest size of locomotive order but the nature of the 
contract, let's say the supply and long term maintenance, is standard.  
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
Yeah. I mean since we're talking about 9000-Horsepower… 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Yeah-yeah, I am talking 9000. 
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
Yeah. What is really holding back the 12,000-Horsepower? 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
I don't know. 
 
- 
Mr. Rahul Gajare – Haitong: 
 
- 
Thanks. 
 
- 
Dr. Daniel Spindler – Executive Director & Chief Financial Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Good question! 
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
Afternoon. This is Deepak Gupta from SBI Pension Funds. My first question is, what is the outlook on operating 
margins over the next 3-5 years as a share of Mobility Business increases in the overall revenue piece for the 
company?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
18 
- 
We are not providing a guidance there. We've given you complete data including the potential for the future. 
We've told you that the Mobility Business will grow; will grow topline. We've told you that the margins meet our 
margin hurdle targets. We've told you that Smart Manufacturing and Digital Industries is a huge opportunity for 
us. We've told you as we scale up standard solutions into repetitive solutions for our customers, the margin 
quality needs to improve over there. So, you can put that all together.  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
If you could share what is the margin hurdle that you walk at?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
No. 
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
Okay. And the second and last question is, Siemens Energy and AG had their restructuring a few years back. 
It was decided to do that in India currently, how would the equation work in terms of because I believe there are 
a lot of synergies that the Energy Business gets from the parent right now, which is Siemens AG?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
How will what work? Sorry? 
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
The relationship between Siemens Energy… 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
It worked for 6 years post demerger or global demerger. Where's the problem now?  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
Okay. So, it's going to upweight. So, why wasn't this done 6 years back then when Siemens India… 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
I can't speak on behalf of the parent company. So, both the parents took a call at that point in time not to 
demerge the Indian company or not to approach the Indian company for demerger. We heard about it at the 
same time that it was maybe a day earlier than you heard about it where we got the information from the parent 
company about their intent and that's it.  
 
- 
Mr. Deepak Gupta – SBI Pension Funds: 
 
- 
Sure.  
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Yeah, we, we have run out of time. We have maybe last one or two questions at the most.  
 
- 
Mr. Ashwani – 3P Investments: 
 
- 
Yeah, good afternoon. This is Ashwani from 3P Investments. I wanted to know globally since the manufacturing 
costs have been rising because inflation on manpower for the first time after many years has been rising, so 
how has it increased your competitiveness versus the U.S. plants or the European plants?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
You mean global inflation is rising and… 
 
- 
Mr. Ashwani – 3P Investments: 
 
- 
Generally because the manpower inflation everywhere has been rising.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
19 
 
- 
Yeah, that's a very good question. So, India was in the traditional manufacturing. Labor arbitrage was the 
strength of India, right. Cost per head per hour of a European, American blue collar was substantially higher 
than cost per head of an Indian blue collar. And this was a critical part of the manufacturing process where India 
had the benefit of labor arbitrage between the two countries. Reality now is that digitalization has changed that 
completely. We have a factory in Germany where the productivity level is 99.99%, the quality level is 99.99%. 
 
- 
Now, India operates at an average productivity level of close to 70%-75%. There is no way you can bridge that 
25%-30% productivity gap through skilling people. Digitalization will be the only response to that, right. So, right 
now the labor arbitrage, the inflation effects on salaries in America versus India don't play much of a role 
anymore because they are going in the West because of aging population and so on has gone in very rapidly 
into digitalization. We have a long way to go. We have large companies that have adopted digitalization but we 
need the entire supply chain, large, medium and small, to adopt digitalization. Only then you can get synergies 
that will give you the productivity levels that can actually outpace whatever the West is doing. 
 
- 
That is going to be the critical factor for India to become a manufacturing hub globally. Gone are the days where 
India will get the advantage of manufacturing just through labor arbitrage.  
 
- 
Mr. Ashwani – 3P Investments: 
 
- 
And, Sir, the second question was on Xcelerator Program which you said. Now the services business here, how 
do you bundle it with the product? Is it coming with the new product plus the service or is it coming on retrofit 
kind of business and the existing population which you have got? And is it agnostic to the brand, let's say you 
do something which is not an installed base of Siemens?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, we've got the classical Service and then there's the Xcelerator, Siemens Xcelerator. They are two different 
things, right. So, the classical Service business is you have an installed base and you're doing aftermarket 
service of those and you're using and you're increasing the efficiency of your service by providing greater value 
to the customer as well. So, it's not only repairs and maintenance but it's also, as I showed, improving 
productivity and so on, reliability of the plants. That is a standard. In some cases we do it only for our own 
equipment, in other cases using digitalization tools. As I mentioned to you, we are able to service even 
customers not equipment but the software, use the software, to direct the customer what needs to be done in 
the equipment.  
 
- 
Mr. Ashwani – 3P Investments: 
 
- 
And how is it charged, basically? How do you make money there? I mean, what is the way it is…Let's say, for 
example, if you sell a product cost is ‘X’ and price is ‘Y’, so Y-X, how do you make money in this? How does the 
customer like on what basis does he pay you in this case?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, it varies. If you're looking at Siemens Xcelerator, as I said, that's a completely different story where the 
customer comes and says ‘Can you give me energy efficiency?’ and we say ‘Okay, either you pay us for the 
software and the services that we are actually doing or you pay us based on outcome and pay as you save. 
The more you save, the more you pay. Pay us over there or you have a standard delivery of a product and you 
get your margins based on the product’. So, it can be a complication of everything.  
 
- 
Mr. Ashwani – 3P Investments: 
 
- 
Sure, thank you very much. 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Next question. 
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
The last question, please. 
 
- 
Mr. Aditya Mongia – Kotak Securities: 
 
- 
Yeah. This is Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. The first question is on the Cybersecurity business that you 
were talking about as being a very large growth driver incrementally for the DI portfolio. Could you give us a 

Siemens Limited – Analyst Meet – 21st December 2023 
20 
sense of how to think through the opportunity over here? As in, for instance, let's say every site is what like a 
million dollars and there can be so many sites?  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, I won't give you numbers but I can give you a feel of what that means. Every plant that has automation in it 
has got the risk of cybersecurity, right. As the world gets much more digitalized the danger and the risk of 
cybersecurity events increases. So, effectively, every plant in the country that has got a machine or a subsystem 
or a system that is automated has a risk of cybersecurity linked to it. 
 
- 
The same thing with every Energy plant. All your grids, all your substations, all your generation plants everything 
over there has got the risk of cybersecurity because they're all linked in to standard DCS systems or whatever 
which are controlling automation and control systems over there, which are controlling these machines, plants, 
and subsystems over there. And that is really the opportunity where you go in and you do an audit of the 
machines, do an audit of the subsystems and you are able to use that friendly hacking method to identify whether 
it is possible for viruses to come in and then to introduce Cybersecurity measures to ensure that the machines 
are protected, the automation systems are protected, the plants are protected overall. 
 
- 
Mr. Aditya Mongia – Kotak Securities: 
 
- 
Thanks for this answer; the clarification. The second question and the final one from my side. So, you talked 
about the parent spending a meaningful sum on R&D and I think you quoted $7 billion. If I'm not wrong, that's 
about 6% of the sales of the global parent. In India terms, the way we kind of think Royalty is a much lower 
number that to the parent. Do you think through that being a limiting factor? Maybe the market is not set for 
today but is that a limiting factor to what you can do inside the country? And do you see some convergence 
happening also? 
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Are you saying we are paying too much Royalty or too little Royalty?  
 
- 
Mr. Aditya Mongia – Kotak Securities: 
 
- 
Versus what the parent is spending on R&D, it is less.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Thank you. That's a great negotiation that we are doing but reality is we have access to all the technologies that 
they have. We take their technologies, we first adopt them or we take them one to one over here and then we 
localize them. I don't see the payment of Royalty as being a limiting factor to getting access to Royalty. Quite to 
the contrary, the parent company sees India as being their largest growth market. So, it is in their interest 
globally as well to provide us with all the tools and all the knowhow so that we can actually grow the business 
in the country. There are not too many countries around the world that are growing at the rate at which we are.  
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
I'm sorry, that has to be the last question. I know this can keep going on for the rest of the day. So, thank you 
very much, first of all, Mr. Mathur and Daniel.  
 
- 
Mr. Sunil Mathur – Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
Thanks, Venkatesh. 
 
- 
Mr. Venkatesh S. – Head, Investor Relations, Siemens Limited: 
 
- 
So, this has been indeed a pleasure for us to host this event after four years. It has been very good for all of us 
to also meet you in person. Thank you very much for joining us and for your insightful questions. In case there 
are any questions you feel have not been adequately answered, please do get in touch with me and I will see 
how best to address them. So, thank you very much once again. 
 
- 
I forgot to mention, there is high tea after this. So, please have some snacks and then you can proceed. 
 
 
 
END OF TRANSCRIPT 
