 
 
February 16, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051,  
Maharashtra, India 
BSE Limited, 
Compliance Department, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400001,  
Maharashtra, India 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject         : 
Transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analysts/Investors on February 09, 
2024 
 
Stock Code  :    BSE – 539787, NSE – HCG 
 
Reference    :    
 
Regulation 46(2)(oa) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 
 
Please find attached herewith the Transcript of the Earnings Call held on February 09, 2024, with 
Analysts/Investors to discuss the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023.  
 
This is also available on the website of the Company www.hcgoncology.com. 
 
Kindly take the intimation on record. 
 
 
Thanking you, 
  
For HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
 
 
Sunu Manuel 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited 
HCG Tower, # 8, P Kalinga Rao Road, Sampangi Rama Nagar, Bangalore - 560027. 
080 33669999 | info@hcgoncology.com | www.hcgoncology.com | CIN : L15200KA1998PLC023489 
 
SUNU 
MANUEL ABEY
Digitally signed by 
SUNU MANUEL ABEY 
Date: 2024.02.16 
10:09:22 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
“Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th February 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. B.S. AJAIKUMAR –EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MR. RAJ GORE – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
MS. RUBY RITOLIA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
HEALTHCARE GLOBAL ENTERPRISES LIMITED 
 
 
 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Q3 and 9 Months FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited. 
 
This conference call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are 
based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company. As on the date of this call, these 
statements do not guarantee the future performance of the company, and it may involve risks 
and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
Now I hand the conference over to Dr. B.S. Ajai Kumar, Executive Chairman of HealthCare 
Global Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Thank you very much, and good morning to everyone, and a very warm welcome to those who 
are all present on this Q3 9-month FY '24 earnings conference call for HealthCare Global 
Enterprise. 
 
I just want to take a few minutes and give a little bit of background how things are evolving in 
India and how this has made a difference for HCG. India is on the cusp of significant democratic 
change, leading to doubling of population age over 60 years by 2050.Cancer incidence is 
expected to increase by 77% during this period, a significant increase. HCGwith its network of 
our present 22 cancer centers and expansion plan is poised to play a dominant role in serving the 
diagnostic treatment needs of the forecasted demand and also play a role in preventive aspects 
of cancer. 
 
HCG's performance for the quarter serves as an evidence of its progress in advancing towards 
focused cancer care, where research and collaboration are the key drivers for improving patient 
outcome. By leveraging this unique value propositions, we are able to provide targeted 
treatments such as adaptive radiotherapy and immunotherapy to our patients. 
Moreover, our integration of technology into patientcare process, including computational work 
and AI platforms, allows us to be continuously on the leading edge of the change creating a 
differential in the way the cancer has evolved, and this has truly made us a global leader in 
oncology, not only in terms of service but R&D work. 
 
Our outcomes today, I can probably say are equal to the best top centers in the world. At HCG, 
we have always embraced technology and innovation to be in the forefront of advancement in 
cancer care. We have consistently adopted cutting-edge solutions to ensure that we provide the 
highest quality health care to our patients. 
Our ability to deeply connect with patients is built on foundation of compassion, trust that is 
unmatched which is what truly sets HCG apart from others in our field. We remain committed 
to continue making a meaningful difference in the lives of those we serve in making cancer truly 
a chronic disease. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Embracing a collaborative approach, our tumor board discussions prioritize patient-centric 
conversations, utilizing multidisciplinary clinic across our extensive network. Entering 2024, 
our dedication to excellence in cancer care remains a high priority. 
We are focused on our goal of making quality cancer care accessible to all through continued 
investment in research and development, we endeavor to push the boundaries of medical science, 
uncovering novel treatments and enhancing existing ones to offer the best possible outcome to 
every patient. 
 
I now hand over to our CEO, Mr. Raj Gore, for his comments on the strategies going forward 
and operational performance for the quarter gone by. Raj? 
Raj Gore: 
Thank you, Dr. Ajai. Good morning, and a very warm welcome to all the participants on the 
call. Last Sunday on February 4, the world observed World Cancer Day. I want to emphasize 
the crucial role of awareness and early detection in cancer care. Awareness regarding key risk 
factors like HPV, alcohol and obesity remains very low in India and less than 1% of Indians 
undergo screenings for major cancers, such as oral, breast and cervical cancer. 
 
Unfortunately, over 2/3 of cancer cases in India are diagnosed at advanced stages contributing 
to a higher mortality to incidence ratio compared to other nations. The first line of defense 
against cancer is awareness, and it is instrumental in saving lives. We welcome the government's 
initiative to promote cervical cancer vaccination for girls aged 9 to 14. This is a pivotal step 
towards raising awareness and taking preventive measures to reduce the cervical cancer cases 
burden in India. 
 
Now I would like to update all of you on some key growth initiatives of the company. Few 
quarters ago, we had embarked on our digital transformation journey to create an omnichannel 
end-to-end patient engagement platform. Our vision is to increase accessibility to HCG by 
making it easier for cancer patients across India to find and reach HCG care from wherever they 
are. 
 
I'm happy to introduce our first-of-its-kind app, HCG Care, specifically designed to serve needs 
of cancer patients and one-stop solution for patients to navigate seamlessly from MDT 
consultations to second opinions, diagnostics, pharmacy needs, rehab services and home care 
support and post discharge follow-up, ensuring a smooth and a personalized journey. 
 
With this, we are confident of building a long-term relationship with our patients to be their 
structured adviser over a lifetime. With over 30% market share and growing, we have a dominant 
leadership position in our home city of Bangalore.  
To further reinforce our dominance, I take great pride in announcing a new 100-bedded hospital, 
a comprehensive cancer care center in the thriving North Bangalore market, a strategic move 
aligned with our philosophy of going deeper in the market of our strength. The hospital is 
expected to be operational in 15 to 18 months. 
 
As you remember, we also have a project in Whitefield in East Bangalore that is under 
construction right now. With the network, encompassing 4 strategically positioned hospitals and 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
three daycare centers across Bangalore, we remain steadfast in our mission to provide advanced 
and comprehensive cancer care solutions to our discerning community. 
 
Our recent acquisition in Nagpur and Indore have progressed in line with our plan, and right -- 
we are rightly placed to consolidate our position in the Central India region. As we move 
forward, we are confident of offering quality health care to our patients through integrated 
physical and digital health systems, accompanied by advanced technology and research and 
more importantly, make quality health care accessible to all. 
 
With this, I hand over to Ms. Ruby, our CFO, for financial and operational highlights. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Thank you, Raj. In reviewing our performance for the quarter, I'm pleased to report 11% year-
on-year growth, culminating in a top line result of INR470 crores despite a seasonally muted 
nature of quarter 3. 
 
Some of the growth highlights for the quarter are as follows: we operationalized 4 radiation 
machines in 9 months 
 and with their successful ramp up, the revenue mix for the quarter 
has improved leading to revenue from radiation modality growing at 13%, faster than the overall 
revenue growth 
 
Investments in building superior clinical talent and business promotion has started showing 
results in two of our focus markets in Kolkata and Mumbai, which has delivered 57% and 17% 
growth, respectively. EBITDA losses at Kolkata has reduced by half on a quarter-on-quarter 
basis from INR2.2 crores in the previous quarter to INR1.1 crores in the current quarter of 
quarter 3 FY '24. 
 
Other centers that have notably increased revenues are Nagpur, showcasing an impressive 59% 
rise; and Ranchi, exhibiting a robust 31% growth in quarter 3 of FY '24. The average revenue 
per occupied beds are of notable increase standing at INR42,800, reflecting a significant 15% 
year-on-year growth. 
 
We have increased 59 beds during the quarter across our network hospitals. On the EBITDA 
front, our Y-o-Y EBITDA witnessed a growth of 7%, reaching to INR82.6 crores, compared to 
INR77.3 crores in the quarter 3 of FY '23. Notably, contribution margin improved during the 
quarter driven by a better revenue mix. However, due to the seasonal nature of the quarter, 
operating leverage did not come into full effect. 
 
Our cyclotron operations in Chennai were adversely affected by floods resulting in a 30 bps 
impact on EBITDA. Additionally, strategic decision of coming out of the last shop-in-shop 
model led to a scale-back of operations in M S Ramaiah Bengaluru (Bangalore), affecting 
profitability for the quarter. 
 
PAT for this quarter stood at INR5.7 crores as compared to profit of INR7.5 crores in quarter 3 
of FY '23. The decline is on account of depreciation for acquisitions of Nagpur and Indore. Our 
capex for 9 months of FY '24 stood at about INR118 crores. Net debt stood at INR367 crores as 
on December 2023. We are very comfortable with the current debt levels and project a better 
cash flow in the coming quarter. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
With this, I would like to open the floor for question-and-answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Kabir from Bluestar. Please go ahead. 
Kabir: 
I wanted to know what are the strategies for Milann going forward? Are we looking to hive off 
this business completely? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes. I think we have made the statements in the past. We are working on it. As we know, post 
COVID there was a downtime, and we are putting efforts to bring it to the level where it was 
pre-COVID. And we are looking to see at the right time to divest. So certainly, we'll inform at 
an appropriate time 
Kabir: 
Okay. And when do we expect this to happen, like... 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
It is difficult to give timeline right now because we are working to see at what time we can 
maximize our value 
Kabir: 
Okay. Okay. Now my second question is with Dr. Ajai. So there have been rumors about CVC 
exit. And everyone expects them to exist some time. So just wanting to know what's their future 
at HCG to provide health care? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
So the way I see this is CVC is an investor who came to HCG. you should really ask them to see 
at what point they exit. But as far as we are concerned, we are interested in the HCG to grow. 
And as a shareholder, if they feel they have made requisite return, they will try to exit. But really 
the comment should be made by CVC on this. So at this point, I would like to not say anything 
about this aspect. But I'm sure you will be able to contact them and get comments from them. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. Please go 
ahead, sir. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Yes, sir, in your matured center where the growth rate is about 8%, are you constrained by any 
capacity there? And second, when I'm looking at your occupancy number, so despite your initial 
comments on oncology and the demand in India, the occupancy looks lower. So the single-digit 
growth and occupancy, if you could give some more comments there? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So this is Raj. Let me take that question. First, I'll answer your occupancy question. I think 
this occupancy is based on next 60 additional beds as we have added some beds in Baroda and 
some minor beds in other hospitals. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, what is the bed addition, you said? 
Raj Gore: 
60 beds. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
On a total count of? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Raj Gore: 
Close to 2,000. I think it's mentioned on the footnote of the same slide. Second question, you 
asked about the capacity constraint, if there is any capacity consent on any of our mature centers? 
We have addressed this before also, let's take one by one. 
 
K.R. Bangalore, which is our center of excellence, we had informed you earlier that we have 
added about 20-plus beds in a newly premium wing. our occupancies are around 65%, 70%, we 
still have enough headroom there in all modalities, including beds. You also know that we have 
a project in Whitefield for comprehensive cancer center, 25 bedded, Bangalore is one of the 
affluent and fast-growing market which will be ready early next year in FY '26 or calendar year 
'26. 
 
We just announced another project in North Bangalore towards the airport. City is growing very 
fast.It is an  attractive market and the citiy is growing in this region. So that addresses Bangalore, 
which is our most mature market. 
 
Second mature market is Ahmedabad, where we have 100-bedded facility, which is doing very 
well on all parameters. As announced earlier, we are relocating to a newly constructed premium 
state-of-the-art hospital in first quarter of the coming year, new financial year. And therefore, 
that hospital will continue to grow for the near foreseeable future. 
 
So these are the 2 big markets. I'm just giving it an example. However, for every hospital, 
whether mature or emerging, we have a 3-year plan where we have enlisted  capacity 
requirements and we are taking pre-emptive action to make sure that if radiation is coming to 
capacity, we will add one more machine. If beds need to be added, we will add beds. If OPDs 
need to be added, we will add OPDs. So we don't see any capacity constraints for next 3 to 4 
years in any of our mature centers going forward. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, your answer mentioned about on incrementals. So when I look at the 8% growth as of now 
and based on your answer, can I conclude that at least today, you're constrained by capacity? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
No, no. See...  
Pritesh Chheda: 
No. So if you are not constrained by capacity, why in the mature centers, the occupancies are 
lower and why then the growth rate is 8%? 
Raj Gore: 
See, to simplify this, what we just informed is that we have added 45 beds in our Baroda center. 
So that has increased the bed capacity. Second question on revenue – emerging center of 8%, in 
our CFO speech, she said that we have scaled down our operations at MSR that contributes to 
about 3% to 4% of growth at our emerging centers. Adjusted for that, our emerging center's 
growth would be closed about 13%. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
So I want to say this, I think your question mainly is in last year we had an occupancy of 65.7%, 
and we are now seeing 58%. It is exactly for the reason what Raj explained that we have 
expanded our beds because we feel when you reach close to 70, overall, you're reaching a 
capacity, more or less 70- 75%. But now with the need for customers in center of excellence, 
others -- we are seeing the need for expansion. So that need will be met from this expansion, and 
that is why we are doing it. So this, I think, is positive, that is showing the growth we are having. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. My second question is, sir, with respect to the pre-Ind-As EBITDA margin. What is the 
Pre Ind-As EBITDA margin in our business on a 9 month and a quarter basis? 
Raj Gore: 
The rental impact of capital leases is close to about INR22 crores. You need to adjust for INR 
22 crores to arrive at Pre Ind-As EBITDA margin. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry, I couldn't understand. So INR78 crores is a reported EBITDA minus INR22 crores, so 
you take it about INR56 crores.  
Raj Gore: 
Yes, that's the number.  
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And lastly, this 2,000 beds which is there today, what beds will we see at the year-end 
and what beds we'll see at the FY '25 and '26 based on our expansions? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Over the next 3 years, we will be adding about 350 beds, including our Ahmedabad project and 
Whitefield projects. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And at what capex? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Please refer our presentation, for Whitefield facility, it's INR25 crores and for Ahmedabad 200-
bedded facility, it's INR106 crores. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So INR106 crores plus INR25 crores, about INR130 crores, INR140 crores for 350 beds? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
No.. This is related to these two projects only. We have already spent about 48 cr in our 
Ahmadabad project. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what assets turn? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
See, the Ahmedabad Hospital is already operational hospital. We are just shifting to a newer 
facility. It's a hospital, which has EBITDA margin in high 20s, ROCE around 30%. It was a 
hospital where have capacity constraints for future growth. And in another quarter, we will go 
to an expanded facility. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bino from Elara Capital. 
Bino: 
This Whitefield facility would be a stand-alone facility, right? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Whitefield facility is a stand-alone comprehensive cancer center facility. We are focusing 
on women's cancer diseases. We'll be treating -- primarily focusing on women's cancer there. 
Yes. 
Bino:  
Okay. And how many bedded would be that? 
Raj Gore: 
25. 
Bino:  
25, okay. And the Ahmedabad one would be 85 bed, the expansion that you're doing? 
Raj Gore: 
We are moving from 100-bedded to a 200-bedded facility. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Bino:  
So 100 additional beds are coming up. Yes, understood. There was a need to additional 100 beds 
that you had planned for Indore, which I'm not now seeing in your slides, is that plan still on? 
Raj Gore: 
No, sorry, can you repeat your question? 
Bino:  
Sure. Earlier, you had also guided to adding 100 more beds in the Indore facility in a couple of 
years' time. So I couldn't find that in your slides on the capex program. So that plan is on? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, you're right. We would like to increase our capacity eventually in Indore. I think it's a Phase 
II plan. We recently, a quarter ago, we have acquired this hospital. And as and when we have -- 
we form the plan, we will share it with you. 
Bino: 
Understood. And sir, for this 100-bed facility in North Bangalore, what's the timeline? Again, I 
can't find that on your slide. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So we are looking at operationalizing this facility in 15 to 18 months from now. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abdulkader from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Abdulkader: 
Sir, just if you could shed some more light on how Indore has been in this particular quarter? 
And if I refer to your slide among the clusters, which you have shared, where does Indore fit 
into this cluster, so that we could better track this from the next quarter onwards? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. it's added to North India cluster. So as you know, 3 October, we took charge of our Indore 
operations. This is a market which is -- Madhya Pradesh is a very attractive market, many cancer 
patients from Madhya Pradesh travel to Mumbai as well as Ahmedabad. Mumbai, Ahmedabad, 
we have our own hospitals; Nagpur, we have our hospital, which is doing very well. 
We have a sense of that market, and we understand the potential. We have already a brand 
presence from patients in that market. This is an important entry into a newer state for us. Right 
now, we have an integration plan for this hospital. So let me give you an update on what is going 
on. 
 
So far, we have been able to plug this hospital, a newly acquired hospital on our entire digital 
platform, whether it's HIS, ERP, CRM, our websites, etcetera. So we've been able to successfully 
integrate from an IT perspective. This is a hospital, which is an older hospital. We have done an 
assessment from infrastructure as well as clinical perspective. 
 
We have undertaken value creation plan at Indore as project. Right now the project is underway. 
when we enter in a new market, we want to ensure that the facility that we have, the clinical 
services and the quality that we have is as per our HCG standards, we are upgrading that facility, 
including rooms, ICU, facade, etcetera. That project is almost about to complete in this month,. 
And so the integration is going as per plan, and we're very excited about this opportunity. 
Abdulkader: 
Sure, sir. Understood. And sir, then just commenting on your capex. So if I see the 9 monthly 
capex for matured center, that has already surpassed where you were at FY '23. So for next year, 
how do we look at this capex number on the spending side as well as on the debt front? And on 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
debt again in this quarter, Q-on-Q has gone up slightly. So is it entirely due to the spending on 
Indore or any other factors if you'd like to highlight? 
Raj Gore: 
Indore acquisition investment has not been included in the capex table. However, the capex in 
mature center is primarily on account of the expansion we are doing in our Ahmedabad center. 
So far, it's spent about INR48 crores in Ahmedabad that is included in our mature center's capex. 
 
Now question on your capex going forward, I think we have indicated in our previous calls as 
well that our maintenance capex remains in the range of about INR70 crores to INR75 crores, 
and that is what one can expect. This is apart from the growth plans that we have. 
Ruby Ritolia: 
And yes, you're right, in the net debt number, it has slightly inched up because of our acquisition 
in Nagpur and Indore, partly funded by debt and partly funded by our internal accruals. 
Abdulkader: 
Sure. Understood. And one final one, if I may. So with Ahmedabad now coming in Q1 of FY 
'25, I mean, how do we see the cost element going up? And are we still confident of maintaining 
this 16%, 17% EBITDA margins? Or how should we look at the entire cost profile going ahead? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So very good question. So look, let me again refresh everyone's memory on Ahmedabad. 
This is our second center of excellence. It's performed exceptionally well. As I mentioned earlier, 
our EBITDA margins are in the higher 20s. Returns are very good. It's -- we have a very strong 
team of clinicians, and we have a very dominant market share in Ahmedabad. 
 
We will release the additional capacity gradually as and when we need to operationalize it, start 
it accordingly so that we are not incurring costs first and getting revenue earlier. So we'll try to 
balance that equation. And we -- I think we are very excited. I think it will be a really showcase 
facility for HCG going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dhara Patwa from SMIFS Limited. Please go ahead. 
Dhara Patwa: 
Sir, will we previously provided guidance of achieving 20% EBITDA margin, either by Q4 or 
Q1 FY '25 be upheld? If yes, then what will be the factors driving the anticipated margin 
expansion of 200 to 300 basis points going forward? 
Raj Gore: 
So yes. In our CFO speech, you would have heard that our EBITDA margin little got subdued 
in the current quarter, and it's due to operating levels not being played out. One good thing to 
inform here is that as we had announced in the previous quarter that we are installing new 
machines in our various centers. Those have already started showing results. And happy to 
announce that while the overall -- on quarter-on-quarter basis, overall revenue has gone down, 
but our radiation business has picked up, that helps our contribution margin to go up. 
 
As we go in quarter 4 and when the revenue comes back, we feel that the higher contribution 
margin coming from better service mix should help our gross margin improve, that will improve 
our profitability. Along with that, I think we are focused towards maintaining our fixed costs 
and overhead the way it is. That would help us reach desired EBITDA margin going forward. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Dhara Patwa: 
So we are still upholding that guidance of 20% by -- at least in the next 2 quarters, right? Like 
from 17.5% margin, we will at least achieve 20%-something in the next 2 quarters or something, 
right? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
I think just to go back and clarify, now we have acquired Indore. We have done all this because 
those will pull down our EBITDA margin to some extent because Indore is not going to deliver 
the 20%. So it will bring it down. So we have to take into consideration that our Whitefield 
project also becoming functional. 
 
So we'll put all together. Obviously, we are striving towards a 20% margin. But we feel we may 
fall short of it this coming few quarters because of the reasons I mentioned. And we also are 
very cognizant of some of the government functions increasing. We have taken some measures 
in that area also. We want to make sure a significant percentage of ours cash and private pay. 
All of these are happening. So I would like to state that our 20% may not be achievable in the 
first quarter or second quarter, but we'll certainly strive to achieve the same. 
Dhara Patwa: 
Sure, sir. That's helpful. And one more question. What could be the peak occupancy for our 
mature centers that beyond that, we might think of adding more beds? So will it be something 
like 90%, like the other multi-specialty hospital or after 80% occupancy, we might think of 
adding new beds or something? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Historically, I don't know which multispecialty hospital can say 90% is the peak because most 
of them when they reach in their late 70s, will start looking for expansion because there's a 
turnover, particularly in oncology where we have daycare people coming and going, it is very 
important to have the beds and not put them on a waiting list because particularly oncology 
patients, as you know, it's not a good idea to put anybody on a waiting list or defer their 
treatment. 
 
So in this area, historically, the function hours has been when you reach close to late 70s, we 
look at whether it is now occupancy we need to look for. And we also look at the daily sensors 
in the hospital. Is there a waiting list? Is there an issue? So we get feedback from the center 
heads and all to decide. So sometimes it is a moving target, but we certainly feel with all this 20 
years experience in oncology -- more than 20 years, that late-70s is when we should start looking 
for, okay? 
Dhara Patwa: 
Okay. Sure, sir. Sir, occupancy emerging centers now have reached a good occupancy rate of 
60% and ARPOB is also similar in line with the mature centers. So -- but we haven't seen much 
improvement on the EBITDA margin side. So at least in the next 2 years, can we see some 
improvement on the EBITDA margin side for our emerging centers at least 15%, 16% or 
something like that? 
Raj Gore: 
Is it a question on the emerging center or... 
Dhara Patwa: 
Emerging center. 
Raj Gore: 
So if you look at last 4, 5 quarters, emerging centers have been steadily growing its EBITDA. 
And I think our margins have also improved. In CFO's speech, we also heard that Calcutta Center 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
has reduced its losses quarter-on-quarter by half. In the previous quarter Calcutta losses were 
close to about INR22 million that has come down to INR11 million. And in the current quarter, 
our emerging center's EBITDA is close to about INR13 crores. if I can draw your attention to 
slide nine, -- our EBITDA has grown by 66% against a revenue growth of 19%. 
Dhara Patwa: 
Correct. So if I want to see this at a consol level, emerging -- mature centers will grow steadily 
and emerging centers will pick up more growth going forward. That's how it should be, right? 
Raj Gore: 
Absolutely. Absolutely. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
I just want to clarify your question about occupancy of emerging centers. See, we have stated it 
earlier, our capacity is much larger. We have not operationalized entire capacity in the emerging 
centers. And therefore, it's showing higher as and when hospital by hospital, we feel that we 
need to operationalize already-installed capacity, we will continue to release that. Won't see any 
capacity constraint in terms of number of beds in any of our emerging centers. 
Raj Gore: 
And just to add one more point, our emerging -- sorry mature centers are already delivering 
20%-plus EBITDA margins. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
I think that is an important -- the answer to your question, that we have reached and if you look 
at our center of excellence and all, we are close to 30%. So -- and our ARPOB is over Seventy 
thousand. So our goal is to see the mature centers also reach that level. And I think like what 
you heard from Raj and our CFO, Ruby, I think we are on the track to achieve that, which will 
obviously bring us to the 20%. 
The only caveat here is our new centers coming, you too should be well aware of, like Indore or 
Whitefield and later on our North Bangalore, they could have some drawdown in terms of 
EBITDA margin. But we are confident that will be compensated by the growth happening in the 
emerging centers. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. I think Dr. Ajai made an important point about ARPOB. If you look at our ARPOB this 
quarter, it's about 16% higher than same quarter last year. We've always insisted that historically, 
most of our hospitals have been in Tier 2 and Tier 3 cities. When we embarked on our expansion 
journey in the last 5 years, most of our emerging centers are in cities that are bigger and with a 
population which is more affluent. And we kept saying that as the share of emerging center 
revenue goes up, our ARPOB will continue to grow, and we've demonstrated that on previous 
many quarters. If I have to give you a sense of our ARPOB, our centers of excellence in K.R. is 
in higher 70s ARPOB. 
 
Our center of excellence in HCC is about 90,000. Now to give an idea of our emerging centers, 
our Colaba center is in higher 80s ARPOB; our Borivali is in 50s; in Kolkata, we are setting 60; 
in Baroda, we are at 60; in Nagpur, we are closer to 50. As these centers continue to grow the 
way they have grown this year in terms of top line as well as profitability, our overall number 
will continue to look better and better on all operational parameters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shyam from Goldman Sachs. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
Shyam: 
I joined a little late. So if this question has been asked, I apologize. But just on the disruptions 
that happened, one at Chennai as well as the shop-in-shop that we have now scaled down, right? 
How should we look at like Q4? From an occupancy perspective, have they improved now? And 
what is the kind of outlook for utilization that we look forward, say, for fiscal '25? That's my 
first question. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So see, Chennai, let me just remind everyone, we have a cyclotron facility As you 
remember, November there was a big flood in Chennai. Our Cyclotron bunker got flooded. So 
we have to take a downtime on it due to flooding. It's still down. We expect it to be up by end 
of this month, and it's a highly profitable business. As soon as the cyclotron facility is up, I think 
we will get back to the normal operation. On MSR facility, as we said earlier, it's a smaller, 30-
odd bedded shop-in-shop facility in a medical college hospital setup, it was one of our last shop-
in-shop stability. 
 
And as you know, if you look at our track record last 3 years, we scaled down or exited some of 
the shop-in-shop. What we've also done is in our dominant market in hospitals that are 
performing well we've consolidated our position. You look at Suchirayu, well performing, we 
took a majority. You look at Nagpur, well forming, we acquired that. 
So our endeavor is to continue to consolidate in our dominant market and well-performing 
hospitals. As you know, Bangalore is our home market. We have insight of all major players 
having oncology presence, multiple hospitals. We have a dominant 30-plus percent market 
share. 
 
This MSR facility, a smaller facility was in the vicinity of North Bangalore. We felt that it's time 
to put our own facility premium on this airport road, which is a 100-bedded facility because 30 
beds, you can't do much. With 100-bedded facility, we feel we have a growth part in North 
Bangalore as well as total Bangalore market share going forward. So it's a strategic call to get 
into North Bangalore and move to our own facility, and we are very excited about it. 
Shyam: 
Yes. Just the outlook on how should we look at AORs going forward? 
Raj Gore: 
AOR, Shyam, I mean, you know that Q3 is usually because of activities footfalls are down. And 
in general, in the industry, it's a little muted. I think it's a blip. We are already seeing business 
back to our growth trend in the current quarter, we -- I mean it's just 1 quarter seasonal mutation. 
Shyam: 
Got it. Helpful. Just second question is on the competitive landscape. And I remember, I think a 
year back maybe, we did a complete price rationalization exercise, right, or the price comparison 
benchmarking exercise. So my question ties into the ARPOB dynamics, right? 
 
You've given us some different centers with higher ARPOBs. This quarter again, ARPOB has 
grown healthily. So I just want to understand the outlook for ARPOBs as we go forward. Is there 
an element of price changes upwards that we can think of as well? And just the competitive 
dynamics... 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes. I think one of the things we have to remember is like what Raj also said, we have a 
differential. Our ARPOB in our main centers, like particularly Bangalore, Ahmedabad is high. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
And we do not believe that there is -- because of our technology mix and the type of patients we 
deal, those also being a destination. 
So naturally, our ARPOB will be higher than the competitors. And we are also maybe somewhat 
equal or when the technology is not there, which we have, we've quickly higher. But that is 
something we feel if we continue to grow as we bring in more technology, more 
multidisciplinary clinics and also provide better excellence of medical care. 
 
For example, if you look at our mortality rate, some of -- if we look at it. We had only 7,200 
discharges happen in the month of November. Our mortality rate was below 1%. And we have 
brought it down -- at one time 5 years ago, it used to be 3.4%. So center of excellence, -- first 
time the right treatment makes a difference. 
 
So that involves, obviously, costs. That is why the ARPOB could be high. So can we compare 
it to the multi-specialty hospitals what to provide? I don't think you can because being a 
specialized oncology service, ours will be little bit different compared to multispecialty, which 
is also providing cancer care, okay? 
 
Because our cancer care patients who come are also complicated because when they go to 
multispecialty hospital, get their first sign of treatment. When they recur, they come to us as a 
destination. My own clinic is an advanced and recurrent tumor, in complicated cases. So 
naturally, it will make a difference. And also a technology, like CyberKnife, Digital PET also 
will we make a difference. 
Whereas if you go to the Tier 2, Tier 3 cities also, I think the difference may not be that much 
because it is smaller centers. So when you aggregate all of this, our ARPOB growth in the future 
will be very good. And also, there will be a differential between the major cities, particularly our 
center of excellence and others compared to the other competitors. 
 
And we feel one more thing, Shyam, is we have to really, in my view, it's my personal view, 
stop looking at the competitors, really look at where is the oncology center of excellence, where 
the growth is going to happen. As I said in my beginning statement, the oncology cases are going 
to increase. One in nine in India have cancer and breast cancer is increasing. It is also affecting 
the female population. 
So we should focus really on what is the type of quality of care we are providing, are we the 
quality, like that is what we should focus and that is where I think even like Raj mentioned, our 
dominance in Bangalore, Ahmedabad will play out. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. Thank you, Dr. Ajai. Just to add to what Dr. Ajai said. Shyam pricing is just one of the 
levers to drive ARPOB. High-end treatments, as you know, we have introduced robotics in three 
more centers. That gives us the ability to differentiate as well as increase realization per patient 
and reduce the ALOS. ALOS is the second factor. 
As surgeries are becoming less invasive, we are able to turn around the patients faster on the 
same bed. As we are introducing more linear accelerators, radiation machine, we are able to 
drive radiation business. So combination of high-end treatment, faster turnaround, lower ALOS, 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
I think will be main levers more than pricing for us going forward, which will also help us to 
drive volumes going forward. 
We will see about 5% to 7% improvement in our year-over-year is something that we should 
expect going forward. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Got it. And just lastly, I'm just being greedy here, is there any growth guidance that you would 
like to share for, say, the medium term in terms of how we should look at top line growth going 
forward? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Shyam, we've never given growth guidance in the past. What we've always said is our endeavour 
and our track record has been to grow faster than market, and we will continue to drive that 
going forward. 
Shyam Srinivasan: 
Sir, help us, what is market growing at, sorry? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Market is growing about 10%, 11%, and we plan to grow at a higher rate. I think we have a good 
track record on our existing hospitals. We have good growth pipeline. Combination of that, we 
will -- I'm sure, will beat market growth rate going forward. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Ankeet Pandya from Incred Asset Management. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Khemka: 
This is Aditya Khemka here. Sir, I'm just little concerned with the revenue growth rate that we 
have reported in the mature centers. I understand that you expanded that in the mature centers 
and therefore, that has impacted occupancy and margin. But what I'm failing to understand is 
the mature center revenue growth rate of 8% year-over-year. 
If you look at what the other counterparts are reporting, that seems to be a significant gap 
between the growth rate that HCG is doing and your peers are doing in the hospital space. So 
can you talk about why mature centers grew only 8% despite your standing there? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes. So I think we mentioned it earlier also. We have scaled back our operations in one of the 
facility in Bangalore, which was categorized as mature center. There is an impact in Chennai 
due to flooding. This, again, was classified under mature center bucket. If we adjust for these 
two, that 8% becomes 12%. I don't see issue in our growth rate. 
Again, this is something that has happened this quarter. I think we have a good track record and 
driving mature center growth year-on-year. And you will see in Q4, it's coming back to normal 
rates going forward. 
Aditya Khemka: 
Understood, sir. Secondly, just to understand the margin profile. Again, I'm comparing it to the 
other hospitals that we know of and they report. Even EBITDA margins for most of these 
hospitals are 25% and north of 25%. And these are also national chains like you are. They are 
also expanding like you are. They also have some new centers, emerging centers like you have. 
So -- and it's not like a quarter or two that we you're lagging behind their operating margins. I 
mean, they have been consistently doing more than 25%. And we are consistently hoping for a 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
20% number from HCG. So is there something in the business model that leads to a lower margin 
compared to last year? Or is it that we have too much overhead? Or is it that the cost of physicians 
add in our business model compared to what these guys have? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Let me answer this question in two parts. One is there are hospitals which are based in big cities 
who could have a higher EBITDA margin. And I don't know why you made a statement all 
hospitals at 25%. I don't think all hospitals are above 20%. So even look at some major corporate 
hospitals which are across India, in different cities, their EBITDA margin is low. And as you 
come up with more growth opportunities and put more new hospitals, your EBITDA margin will 
come down. 
 
So 25% is the limit, but I feel that is only anomalies in terms of few hospitals showing that 
individual hospitals. For example, if you take the GI hospital as far as I know they have a good 
margin, maybe 28%. But we have a good margin in Bengaluru (Bangalore). We have 30% 
margin, Bangalore Center Of Excellence. Our center of excellence in Ahmedabad has close to 
23%. 
 
Our established center for your information, is at 24% EBITDA margin, established centers and 
particularly in cities it is higher. -- our Cuttack center, for example, produces 30% EBITDA 
margin, it is there for a long time. 
 
. I think our business model is very robust. We are in a growth mode. As you mature, some 
growth comes in, it will cause us to change. 
But as I said before and as Raj also said, I think we are looking at reaching that 20%, but it will 
be push and pull because of performance of new centers, So that is how the investor community 
should look at it. They should look at it and see how would be and what is the future? Like what 
happens when all the centers reach 25%, 20% in the next three to four years, where we will be? 
So we should look at it that way rather than making a generalized statement in my view. 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, add to Dr. Ajai. As you rightly mentioned, our established centers or mature center are 
delivering 24% margins. And as our emerging centers continue to grow, we should be able to 
expand our overall EBITDA margins. Just a point of reference maybe, if you look at last year 
same quarter, our EBITDA margin was less than 7% which has grown to 10%. As this 10% 
keeps growing towards and keep inching towards mature center, we should be able to expand 
our EBITDA margin. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
A center like Indore can come which is great for long-term opportunity, that can pull down your 
EBITDA for a while. So that is how we have to calculate this. Otherwise, we have to do only 
M&A activities, where all of them give us EBITDA margin of say 25%, then only we acquire 
it, then where is a growth, where is opportunity for growth for any investor? Do you see any 
growth, if you... 
Aditya Khemka: 
No, no, I understand what you're saying, and I appreciate it. Sir, one last question on the EBITDA 
margin. So I just wanted to understand, you gave examples of certain centers, which had 30% 
EBITDA. I understand these are your center excellence centers, right? So is there a difference 
in the peak potential margins of your center of excellence centers and some other centers, which 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
were not the centers of excellence. If yes, could you quantify what a center of excellence could 
achieve and what another center could achieve? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
So I think as we said, center of excellence reaching 30% is extraordinary in the single speciality. 
That has to be appreciated. I think, will that sustain? Yes, you can sustain. But do we want it to 
be higher? I think that is not our objective. We are satisfied in the higher 20s to 30. But as the 
technology improves, as the mix improves, as the footfall improves, our growth will happen. In 
the centers of excellence, we have witnessed growth happening significantly, that growth will 
continue to happen. 
 
 
Aditya Khemka: 
One last question, sir. On the payer mix, so what percentage of our revenue would be out of 
pocket, what could be private insurance and what would be public insurance? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Our Cash TPA and Corporate business is in the range of 70-75% And as Raj mentioned, Raj 
maybe you want to comment that we are trying to obviously maintain this or improve our cash 
and payer mix more, right? Do you want to comment? 
Raj Gore: 
Again, just to -- most of our new centers, emerging centers, are in bigger cities, where 
affordability as well as insurance penetration is higher. Because of our historical presence, larger 
presence in smaller cities, our mix was in a certain way. But as the emerging centers start 
contributing more and more towards our revenues, our mix will improve going forward. 
Aditya Khemka: 
So when you say improve that, you need more out-of-pocket and lesser public or do you mean 
more out of pocket and lesser private and public? 
Raj Gore: 
No. So I think we should not look at it cash only. I think we should look at cash plus TPA. 
Because TPA insurance -- as insurance penetration is growing, cash will get cannibalized as 
people will have more and more insurance policies. I think we should club insurance and cash 
together and target at that segment. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
I just want to add. What is our wishlist? Our wishlist is obviously we don't want patients to spend 
out of pocket. There is no question. If you look at advanced countries, majority of them are 
cashless. I was practicing there for 28 years. I never bothered about what is the cost because the 
insurance company would pay, you would do the right thing. 
 
So for us to do the right thing for the patient, ultimately dropout rate to be less, everybody should 
be in the private insurance. So that is what we should strive for. But fortunately, post COVID, 
what we have documented is that the private insurance has increased. That means people have 
become more concerned about health care and until then I can attest to that, the people were not 
bothered about the insurance. 
They thought they were immortals, but now people are beginning to realize, they are coming 
into that. There are more insurance companies that are also opening. So I think it is definitely a 
positive trend for health care industry. Not just insurance penetration is growing, but I think the 
covered amount is also growing. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Raj Gore: 
Yes, yes, historically, it was about INR3 lakhs, now it is closer to INR10 lakhs. So it's more and 
more -- we have understood the importance of having sufficient cover. I think it's a good time 
for entire industry going forward. 
Aditya Khemka: 
And Raj, would it be fair to say that public insurance patients would be at a lower EBITDA or 
whatever gross margin compared to private insurance/out-of-pocket patients? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes. I think one of the important things to realize is it is state-by-state. You look at Odisha, for 
example,–the rates are better and payments are more or less on time, that is why our EBITDA 
margin is good, and the patient care is also extraordinary, which is what we focus on, what is it 
can provide. 
 
For example, you take a drug like Herceptin, which is needed for, let's say, breast cancer patients. 
With the insurance company, they won't pay, how can you say for a 28-year-old woman, I won't 
give you the right drug. So it is, we can say, a more significant moral issue, ethical issue for us. 
But what Odisha has done, to some extent what Gujarat has done and Maharashtra is, they are -
- some of them are even covering immunotherapy. 
 
So I think we are moving in the right direction state by state.. So some states have a good 
EBITDA margin, but some states are very bad, very poor. So we need to now develop those 
states which are not good to encourage them. We are showing them the comparison with Odisha 
and other states to the state government and see that they also concur in paying this. But the 
standard answer which they give out is, we don't have money. So we need to address that, 
obviously. 
Raj Gore: 
Also just to add, I think the beauty of HCG model is -- let's take Andhra. Andhra is a state which 
pioneered state schemes right? But because of higher turnover, higher asset turn, we've been 
able to -- even at a government rate, we are able to deliver 20-plus margin, 20-plus percent 
EBITDA margin in Vijayawada, Vizag, similar case in Bhavnagar. So I think you just need to 
figure out how to treat your model to make it work for you. 
The reality is some of these Tier 2, Tier 3, Tier 4 cities, it's a government scheme which brings 
affordability and quality care to these patients. And as HCG, as cancer care to other, we want to 
find a model to make sure that our care is affordable and accessible to them in this market. 
Otherwise, it wouldn't be. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rishabh Tiwari from Allegrow Capital. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Our understanding was that the Ind AS adjustment was around INR17 crores till FY23. Has it 
increased significantly to INR22 crores? Is it because of... 
Ruby Ritolia: 
It has increased to INR24 crores in the nine months of FY24. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
INR24 crores for the nine months? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes, yes. 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Even that doesn't look right, because INR17 crores is quarterly till last year, right? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
Sorry? 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Our understanding is that INR17 crores was the Ind AS assessment for the quarter, right, for last 
year? 
Ruby Ritolia: 
In the nine months, it is INR73 crores. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Okay. That is also a significant increase, right, from INR17 crores going to INR24 crores? 
Raj Gore: 
See, since we acquired the assets of Nagpur and Indore, those -- these centres have also come 
under ROU capital leases. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Okay. Okay. What is the corporate costs right now that we are incurring per quarter? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Yes, about 4%. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
And can you also comment on the performance of Borivali and South Mumbai centers? 
Raj Gore: 
Yes. So look, Mumbai has been doing very well. We have Mumbai growth about close to 20%. 
Borivali has done fantastic. Its EBITDA margin is 20-plus percent. We were running out of 
capacity in our LINAC. We have added one more LINAC in the last quarter. We've also added 
robotics in Borivali. Colaba, we had earlier indicated that we want to position it as a destination 
for international patients, we had tremendous success in the last 3, 4 months in attracting 
international patients to Colaba. 
 
For Colaba, international patient is almost -- mix is about 30-plus percent now. I think both we 
are on track. As combined HCG in Mumbai, we are one of the few players -- one of the two 
players who have been able to grow our market share in oncology over the last two to three 
years. So I think Mumbai is an important market for us strategically. It's a competitive market. 
We -- I think we have the right plan, and we are growing as per our expectations in these two 
markets. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
What margins are you able to achieve in the last quarter in Bombay? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
So Borivali is over 20% EBITDA margin. I think in Colaba, the South Mumbai centre, we are 
still loss-making. We are expecting in a couple of quarters to get to a breakeven point. Our focus 
right now is, as we indicated earlier is to build clinical talent. We started building brand. We 
started driving specific products, –focussing on specific markets specially international markets. 
The centre is being positioned as destination for international patients in the field of cancer care. 
In addition,  we have opened a women's wing specifically focusing on women's cancer, breast 
cancer and cervical cancer in this unit.This makes us hopeful that both centres combined, we 
will grow our market share in Mumbai. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
Understood. Just one more question on Borivali. This 24% is pre-rent, right? What is the rent 
cost that we're incurring for Borivali? 

 
 
Healthcare Global Enterprises Limited 
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
Raj Gore: 
INR92 lakhs per month. 
Rishabh Tiwari: 
INR92 lakhs. Okay. And just one more question. What is the CapEx that we are planning to 
spend in North Bangalore? 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Actually, it's a 100-bedded facility where we are -- yes, it's -- I mean, as you know, our current 
center of excellence we started our journey here. As we grew, we started taking more and more 
buildings. It's not a pre-planned, pre-designed hospital. As we became more successful, we just 
added buildings there. In North Bangalore, we want to make a statement by building a state-of-
the-art advanced premium facility, just like what we are doing in Ahmedabad. It's 100-bedded 
facility, the expected capital outlay for that is about INR90 crores. 
Moderator: 
And there are no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
B.S. Ajai Kumar: 
Once again, I would like to thank all of you for your active interest, participation in HCG's 
journey. We are -- as you see, we are very excited about our growth initiatives. We are -- we 
feel that as a dominant oncology player in the country, it's up to us how we take HCG cancer 
care across India to more and more markets. We will continue to make cancer care accessible 
and affordable across India. Please stay in tune -- stay tuned. And thank you very much, and 
have a good weekend. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of HealthCare Global Enterprises Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
