Registered & Corporate Office 
Redington Limited 
(Formerly Redington (India) Limited) 
Block3, Plathin, Redington Tower, Inner Ring 
Road, Saraswathy Nagar West, 4th Street, 
Puzhuthivakkam, Chennai -600091 
Email: investors@redingtongroup.com 
CIN: L52599TN1961PLC028758 
www. redingtongroup.com 
 
 
February 13, 2024  
 
The National Stock Exchange of 
India Limited, Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051.  
 
Symbol: REDINGTON 
BSE Limited  
Floor 25, Phiroze Jeejeebhoy  
Towers, Dalal Street,  
Mumbai — 400 001  
 
Scrip: 532805 
 
 
Subject: - Transcript of the Investor/ Analyst Conference call  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(2) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015, as amended we are enclosing herewith the transcript of the Investor 
conference call held on February 7, 2024. No unpublished price sensitive information 
was shared/discussed in the meeting. 
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 the same is also uploaded on the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://redingtongroup.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/SGA-Redington-07Feb-2024.pdf  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking you.  
 
Yours faithfully 
For Redington Limited  
 
 
K Vijayshyam Acharya  
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: a/a 
 
 
 
 
K Vijayshyam 
Acharya
Digitally signed by K Vijayshyam Acharya 
DN: cn=K Vijayshyam Acharya, 
o=Redington Limited, ou=Redington 
Limited, 
email=vijayshyam.acharya@redingtongro
up.com, c=US 
Date: 2024.02.13 11:14:19 +05'30'

 
 
 
“Redington (India) Limited 
Q3 FY ‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the audio 
recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 7th February 2024 will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. V S HARIHARAN – GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE 
OFFICER  
 
MR. S. V. KRISHNAN –FINANCIAL DIRECTOR  
 
MS. PALAK AGRAWAL - GENERAL MANAGER, 
INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Redington Limited Q3 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call. This call may contain forward-looking statements about the company, which 
are based on the beliefs, opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These 
statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are 
difficult to predict.  
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touch 
tone phone. Please note that this call is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Hariharan. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Hariharan: 
Thank you so much. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining in, and it's my pleasure to 
talk about our results for Q3. We continue on our journey and theme of profitable growth with 
good revenue growth this quarter and good PAT growth this quarter and continued progress on 
sequential profitable growth. There was solid execution across geographies and businesses. India 
growth continues to be solid. And in Middle East, Africa, we continue to drive growth in Saudi 
Arabia and UAE. 
 
The execution and results are even more sweet when you look at the context of various 
geopolitical factors, like conflicts in Ukraine, Hamas-Israel, the Red Sea conflicts, the Africa 
currency volatility, and the Turkey high inflation rates and the high Central Bank lira rates. Also, 
if you compare with some of our other global distribution peers who have degrown in revenue 
in the same period, our execution and results are even sweeter. 
 
Specifically, talking about businesses and geographies. So in terms of business line, the cloud 
business continues to grow strongly, both top and bottom line. The Technology Solutions Group 
also continued to offer lots of opportunities, and we realized opportunities that are meaningful 
for us from a profitable growth perspective. The software license renewals and subscriptions 
within the TSG business are becoming a larger part of our business and also one that is growing 
fast. 
 
Mobility grew well across all the theatres, India, Middle East, Africa and Turkey on continued 
momentum from the NPIs and some of the new Android models and some of the new go-to-
market initiatives we drove. 
 
Specifically, within ESG, while there were some flattening and declines we saw in the PC part 
of the business, the emerging business continues to do well. And these are products that we call 
emerging within the consumer space, like lifestyle, pro audio, pro display, surveillance, etcetera. 
 
And within services, ProConnect, Ensure; ProConnect being the logistics service business and 
Ensure being the service support business in Middle East, Africa all continue to provide a good 
contribution. 

 
Within the Technology Solutions Group, we made progress on Redington-led business in India 
and specific new solutions we have put together, like Digi Glass, building NOCs for customers 
-- SOCs for customers, I'm sorry. So those made progress. 
 
On the key initiatives like digital platform and cloud platform, we continue to build our 
technology capabilities, but optimize the investment, so that there's continued ROI focus here, 
which is similar to what we discussed the last quarter. 
 
From a go-to-market perspective, we are getting much clearer focus managing the business 
through large managed partners supported by sales reps, complemented by a large number of 
small partners managed by inside sales reps and digital platform. 
 
The main idea is to provide enough attention to the large number of partners we serve; at the 
same time, optimizing the cost to serve them. We're also intensifying our focus with the brands 
with a deeper focus on the large brands, having joint business plans and things like that with 
them, and more creatively maximizing business for the large number of small brands we carry 
through various routes to market we have created. 
 
We are beginning to look at AI as is the new trend, starting to get real with many products across 
the line. And we need to have a better understanding of what customers need and what are the 
right brands we need to have and what solutions we need to bring to the table. You will hear 
more from us over the next few quarters on this. 
 
We continue to win many awards and industry accolades across all geographies as this 
distributor. And now this year, even with some of the hyperscalers giving us the best distribution 
awards across the theatres, showing Redington's pioneering and leadership position in newer 
areas, too. 
 
That's a quick high-level Q3 update, and I'll hand it over to Krishnan to give a deeper dive on 
the numbers and the narrative behind the numbers. Thank you. 
S V Krishnan: 
Thanks Hari. Good afternoon to all of you. We finished the quarter Q3 with about INR 23,550 
crores of revenue, which is our highest ever quarterly revenue. On a year-on-year basis, this is 
an 8% growth over last year Q3. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, this is a 6% growth over Q2. 
 
As we had mentioned, we are looking at improvement from the previous quarter, and I'm pleased 
to say that we are continuing that trend. While the revenue has grown by 6% quarter-on-quarter, 
the profits have grown by 12% quarter-on-quarter. 
 
With the EBIT percentage before factoring -- we will talk about factoring, before factoring, it's 
about 2.6%. So we are broadly within the range that we had kept for ourselves. And the PAT 
has moved up to 1.45%. I think I need to make a mention here, we started the year in the first 
quarter with 1.17% PAT percentage, that got improved to 1.36% in Q2 and further got improved 
to 1.45% in the current quarter. 
 
If you get into the geos. India distribution grew very well, as Hari said. The revenue grew by 
about 21% year-on-year and the PAT grew by about 10% year-on-year. MEA revenue in this 

period has grown by 4% year-on-year. And in Turkey, Arena more specifically degrew their 
revenue by about 3%. 
 
The contribution by various geos. Between SISA and the rest of the world, the contribution is 
49% of the revenue from SISA, 51% from rest of the world. But in terms of profits, it is 46:54. 
 
Working capital days. There is a small increase in the working capital days compared to Q2 from 
35 to 36, and this is mainly on account of a drop in the accounts payable day. The free cash flow 
for the quarter is at minus INR 273 crores, a negative free cash flow. And for the first 9 months 
is minus INR 429 crores. 
 
All the return ratios have improved. ROE, return on equity, is about 19.4% this quarter vis-à-vis 
17.4% in the previous quarter. Return on capital employed is at 22.1% vis-à-vis 21.6% last 
quarter. 
 
Debt-to-equity is broadly in control. The gross debt-to-equity is about 0.5x and the net debt-to-
equity is about 0.3x. Inventory provision is slightly on the higher side. We are at about 0.22% 
for the quarter. 
 
In Q3, it normally tends to be higher, which has been the case even in the previous year at about 
0.21%. However, the provision towards AR is about 6 bps vis-à-vis 3 bps for Q3 of last year. 
 
More specifically, with respect to business verticals, we had been talking about cloud. I mean, 
it continues to grow at a good pace. It has grown by 43% year-on-year, the total cloud business, 
and about 24% quarter-on-quarter. Within that, the growth in resell is much stronger at about 
45%. The growth in managed services is about 2%. 
 
In the case of managed services, we have consciously been rationalizing some of the business 
segments where the profitability is in question. 
 
So with that, let me pause. I'm sure there are a lot of questions, which we will handle. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Nitin Padmanabhan from Investec. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
I have a couple of questions. The first is on the factoring cost. I'm assuming it's around INR 141 
crores for the quarter. It was INR 86 crores for last quarter. So this factoring cost, is it driven by 
any specific geographies? Is it more ROW driven or India driven? And when do you see this 
sort of tapering off? That's the first question. 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, I will answer that, Nitin. Overall, you would have seen from the financials, interest cost has 
come down. Last quarter, it was INR 106 crores; this quarter, it is INR 85 crores; has dropped 
by 20%. If you just look at the factoring, it has gone up by INR 8 crores from INR 86 crores last 
year to INR 94 crores in the current year. 
 
If you take these 2 together, overall, it has come down from INR 192 crores in Q2 to INR 179 
crores in Q3. The primary reason for this is while interest rate reduction from a market 
perspective is going to take time, we see some softness in the interest rate across geos. This is 

true for India, this is true for Middle East and Africa, also true for Turkey, even though we all 
know even now the interest rates in Turkey are high. This has enabled us, in addition to the 
working capital efficiency, to bring down the interest cost -- interest and factoring costs together. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Okay. So this would be the way you would sort of operate on a going-forward basis, more 
factoring and less of -- how should we think about it? Lower debt, more factoring, is that how 
you're thinking about it? 
S V Krishnan: 
See, about 85 percentage of the factoring cost in this quarter is Turkey related, Nitin. So let me 
address the question in 2 parts. In Turkey, it is more situational. It is not our willingness. The 
cost that we pay on factoring is pretty high. Still, we have no option. The funding in other 
banking channel is literally very less, so we are only hoping that things will get normalized. We 
are able to see some improvement, but a lot more to happen. 
 
Looks like things are changing to the positive on the ground. So we expect this impact to come 
down moving forward, but that's something which is completely market related. We will not be 
able to say with any certainty. 
 
Outside of it, in other markets, we do some factoring. That is more from the perspective of if in 
case we expect higher risk from the customer or if we would want to do X number of days, 
customer wants X plus Y number of days, which we are not comfortable, that's where we go for 
factoring. And all these are completely nonrecourse, but this portion is very small compared to 
the total factoring amount for us. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
Got it. Got it. The second question was on the mobility business. We've seen very strong growth 
in the current quarter. I think the highest revenue we have seen in mobility so far. What's driven 
this growth? Is it an addition of a geography or anything specific out there? Or is it seasonality 
and we should expect some normalization in the following quarters? 
Hariharan: 
Can I take that question? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, yes, Hari. Thank you. 
Hariharan: 
Okay. Thanks, Nitin, for the question. So I think it is seasonality largely driven by the NPI that 
happened from a key brand, and that resulted in a good business this quarter. So I think we'd 
expect some normalization. We did not add any specific new geographies, but we did add some 
new Android brands and models into our portfolio that has also complemented, but the large 
growth has come from the NPI. 
Nitin Padmanabhan: 
 Perfect. Just 1 last question, if I may. What's driven the weakness in ROW? Any specific 
geographies you'd like to call out? And whether things should sort of improve going forward, or 
you think this weakness will continue? That's all from my end. 
Hariharan: 
Okay. So maybe I'll just give a quick commentary and Krishnan you can complement. We did 
talk about last quarter too in taking our cautious approach to Africa when it came to risks because 
of currency volatility and currency availability, et cetera. So we have clearly focused on that to 
make sure that we manage our risks and manage our growth. So that is 1 of the main reasons. 

 
But we don't -- we see this normalizing as we go forward. The main factor -- we'll continue to 
be cautious in Africa, but maximize our opportunities in Saudi Arabia, UAE and the GCC 
countries and rest of the world. And in Turkey too, we will continue to play to win and not lose 
share, based on how much capital is available, et cetera. So Africa is our big key call out. Yes. 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. Just to supplement what Hari said, Nitin, is also that, see, one of the very brightest markets 
that you see in the overseas scheme of things is KSA. And I mean, our business is pretty large 
there. It would be about 1.3 billion, 1.4 billion for the current year, and it is growing at a good 
pace. For the quarter, KSA has grown by 14%. So that's something which we feel is a good 
progress. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Choudhary from Nuvama. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
My first question is going to be regarding your ROW driven decline, which you have just 
commented. I want to understand what should be the expectation going ahead, especially the 
kind of business we are doing? Are we done with balancing our risk-reward in ROW business, 
or they are yet to slow down or cut down some of the area where the risk is high? 
S V Krishnan: 
Your question, frankly, is not clear to us. I will state it, maybe you can confirm. I think your 
point was, what is the sustainable growth in ROW? Are the currency issues are all sorted out? 
Is that your question? 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yes, the short-term growth till the time you are still working on the issues, and then medium-
term growth outlook? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. Hari, would you want to pitch in or I'll answer? 
Hariharan: 
Yes. Okay. There was a bit of a noise, so I couldn't hear the full question. Thanks for rephrasing. 
No, we continue to see good opportunity in ROW. And in the same businesses that we talked 
about, both cloud and TSG, we see very strong opportunities across the board, whether it's KSA, 
whether it's UAE, GCC and in Africa, too. 
 
In Africa, we do a lot of back-to-back business on TSG and on cloud. So definitely, the growth 
will continue to be there. And mobility, and PCs also, we expect, based on what we see from 
IDC and Gartner and others, the projections for market in the coming year, from what the 
analysts say, looks promising. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure, sir. My second question is on software licensing revenue. Like you have highlighted, cloud 
is growing faster for you, and software licensing is increasing in terms of overall contribution of 
revenue. In terms of overall margin, can we assume that margin in this business is relatively 
much higher compared to our blended margin? 
Hariharan: 
So in the pure software and the software-as-a-services business, hyperscaler margins are similar 
to hardware margins. The platform-as-a-service, software-as-a-service is slightly higher, but not 
much higher, because it's still a resell. And Krishnan talked a little bit earlier about services, 
managed services we provide. So there is an opportunity for us as we resell. Whether it's 

infrastructure-as-a-service or platform-as-a-service or software-as-a-service, there is an 
opportunity for us to play a role as a distribution company to appropriate some managed services. 
 
And so those definitely yield higher margin. And we are at the initial stages. We do small 
amounts in all regions right now, and we are building competencies to scale that and work 
together with our reseller partners to provide that. I think there the margins will be a lot higher. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure, sir. Understood. I have just a couple of bookkeeping questions. One is in terms of how 
should we think about tax rate as we are going forward? And sir, second is that the employee 
expense as a percentage of revenue is one of the lowest or close to lowest historically. So how 
should we think about it? 
Hariharan: 
Yes, I couldn't get it. So if he can repeat the question? 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Yes. First is regarding the tax rate. What should be the normalized tax rate going forward? And 
second is, your employee expense as a percentage of revenue is kind of the lowest or close to 
lowest historically. So how should we think about it? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. So on the tax rate, if you recollect the earlier conversations, Nikhil, we had been saying it 
would be about 22%, okay? That's where the current tax rate is. In the current quarter, it is 
slightly down. That's to do with the mix. Also, there are 2 factors, if we can be more specific. 
The profit contribution from the KSA, from Saudi, was a bit less, which is where our tax rate is 
more in Middle East and Africa. Second, the lira depreciation in Turkey on a comparative basis 
was lower in the current quarter, and because of which the tax rate was lower in the current 
quarter. So these were the 2 reasons. 
 
Having said that, it's important for you to know that there is, I mean, a corporate tax that's coming 
in UAE starting in the next financial year, and that's at about 9%. So we expect, from next year, 
the overall tax rate to be about 25%. So while I said normally it would be about 22%, going 
forward, we should plan for about 25%. And for the current quarter, it is on the lower side when 
compared to 22%. That's on your first question. 
 
Second, on the employee cost. As we had said, we are trying to optimize some of these cost 
factors and there is a lot more focus and sensitivity. But having said that, whatever is required 
that we need to do, you may have to plan the employee cost similar to what it is today. A further 
reduction is something that may not be easily possible. 
Nikhil Choudhary: 
Sure, sir. Sir, just to confirm, 35% for combined business? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, consolidated. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aejas Lakhani from Unifi Capital. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Sir, couple of questions. The first one is that just given that seasonally, mobility is a strong 
quarter, and you have curtailed your OpEx and employee costs very well and as per what you 
have been guiding for the last 2 quarters. Is it fair to assume that in the next quarter, we can see 

an EBITDA margin improvement as the lower yielding mobility business share reduces and the 
other segments improve? 
Hariharan: 
Krishnan, do you want to take that? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. See, on the cost part, maybe you can take something similar to this. But having said that, 
see, on 1 hand, there is a mix factor; on the other hand, there is also normalization of the margin 
that's happening in the industry. So I think you should take the current gross margin into the 
future. 
 
We expect our EBIT percentage to be about 2.5%, 2.6%, which is where we are. So for the 
immediate quarters, my submission will be to take a similar EBIT percentage. But as we move 
forward, as the proportion of TSG business goes up, services contribution goes up, this tends to 
go up. But that to happen in the immediate quarters is unlikely yet. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, sir. Sir, the next question is, could you just provide some growth outlook in India and 
overseas for FY '25, both from an enterprise segment as well as mobility or consumer segment? 
Hariharan: 
See, from a market perspective, what we see based on IDC and other projections, clearly, on the 
technology solutions and the services piece, there is a high double-digit teen growth projected 
in the next year. So that's what we will take as our framework to operate on, because we want to 
keep our market share and grow it if possible. Mobility also is projected as a growth, but may 
not be double digit, but both are expected to grow in India and MEA as projected right now by 
the analysts. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it. Krishnan, sir, could you just call out what is the absolute debt? And what was the exact 
factoring costs for the quarter? I think I missed that. Did you say INR 94 crores for the quarter? 
S V Krishnan: 
Okay. Absolute debt is about INR 2,200 crores at a net debt basis. From a factoring cost, last 
quarter, it was at INR 86 crores: this quarter, INR 94 crores. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the gross debt is? 
S V Krishnan: 
Gross debt is about INR 3,600 crores, which is why I said 0.5x. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the controlled slowdown that we have sort of calibrated for the ROW market 
this quarter, and the outlook that you're calling out for the next year, is it fair to assume that this 
is just a quarterly phenomenon, for which ROW you have curtailed down the rates of growth? 
And that, again, we'll see good double-digit growth in the next year or maybe the next quarter 
even? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes. I think so, Aejas, see, the thing is, I would want to mention that if you look at the long-term 
trajectory, we have been maintaining a double-digit growth, and that even for the first 9 months 
of the current year, I think we should be able to maintain similar growth as we move on. 
 
But having said that, our objective, very clearly, as we had articulated, will be profitable growth 
and with capital efficiency, we don't want to make a compromise on profitable growth and 
capital efficiency for sure. 

 
Second, you also need to keep in mind, with evolving geopolitical challenges, every day there 
are various news that are coming. Last time that we had the call, we have not had the Red Sea 
issue, which is currently, I mean, becoming more and more, I mean, grievous. So we just need 
to be careful. We will evaluate the situation because a lot of capital is being deployed, and we 
would take a conscious call what is beneficial for us. 
Aejas Lakhani: 
Got it, sir. And sir, the working capital, now can we assume it has completely normalized, and 
it will remain in this current range that you've been calling out of 35 to 40 days, and no surprises 
or changes here, right? 
S V Krishnan: 
I think so. That's what we are working on. And you would have seen some stability in the last 2, 
3 quarters. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Parin Gala from SageOne Investment Managers. 
Parin Gala: 
I apologize if this is a question that's been posed earlier in previous calls, but I wanted to 
understand our sort of positioning as brands would want to expand their own footprint, their 
organic sort of store level growth, kind of what Apple is trying to do. I mean, a broad sense on 
how that impacts us as a company, as a distributor for that? 
Hariharan: 
Sorry, can you repeat the last part of the question? So is this specific to Apple, is it? 
Parin Gala: 
Not just Apple, but I mean also Samsung is trying to open experience stores. Brands are pushing 
towards engaging with customers directly. So as a company that's mostly in distribution, how 
does it impact us? 
Hariharan: 
So I think there has been a long discussion on this. The overall market pie actually continues to 
grow. There continues to be a direct place. Apple has grown very well in India, as an example. 
And they open their own stores, they go through their online store and they work with Flipkarts 
of the world, but the addressable market for distributors to be able to go to resellers, upcountry, 
to work on the pipes we have continues to grow as well. So their business has grown nicely -- 
our business and their business has grown nicely. And we have seen this over the last 10 years 
that continues to happen. So we are -- as long as we continue to be innovative and continue to 
play our game to expand the customer reach for each of these brands, which is what we are 
doing. 
 
And sometimes I mention Redington-led business, which is basically the pipes and channels we 
are creating or big brands to go to customers they cannot reach directly. So I don't see that as an 
area of threat for us. We will continue to complement the brands' direct approach. 
S V Krishnan: 
And just to add to the point, Parin, sorry, if you just see the first 9 months, the incremental 
revenue that we have generated is about $1.2 billion compared to the 9 months of last year. Now 
you can imagine what is the opportunity available in the market space. 
Hariharan: 
And I will also want to complement 1 more item. I'll just give an example since you mentioned 
Apple. There are specific requirements or things like configure-to-order, where customers are 
requiring specific configurations that cannot be bought online or something like that. And we 

work on specific efforts like that, which can be only done by distribution, because we have 
logistics and we have the ability to fulfil specific configurations. 
Parin Gala: 
But I mean, that would be a pretty small piece in the overall market... 
Hariharan: 
I'm giving an example, but there are several such initiatives, which add up to a larger number. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Vimal from Clearview Capital. 
Ayush Vimal: 
I just have 2 questions. The first question is on the growth of large-format stores in India over 
the last few years. How do you see that structurally impacting the business of Redington? 
Because some of these stores might be directly reaching out to brands or maybe compressing 
the bargaining power that Redington has as a distributor. So just wanted to see how structurally 
this changes the business? 
Hariharan: 
So you're right, the retail scene is evolving very rapidly, but that actually is very interesting for 
us too. Because we see state-level retail. For example, not pan-India retail, but state level retail 
evolving. We also see consumer electronics stores wanting to sell mobile phones and wearables. 
So we have specific initiatives, like we have a direct-to-retail initiative where we reach smaller 
retail stores across the country. We have built this for Android brands and wearables. 
 
Similarly, we have an initiative with some of the PC brands specifically in states to open up state 
level retail chains, which are not pan-India. And it is very challenging for the brand to really 
focus on multiple direct models, because they have fewer resources and they want to be more 
efficient. So these are real opportunities for us. And we have stepped up the game on these kinds 
of opportunities. 
Ayush Vimal: 
Fair enough. But are these large format retail stores directly reaching out to the brands and 
buying, or they're still routing the purchases through Redington, just in general? 
Hariharan: 
It depends on the brand. So obviously, brands like Apple go direct, but there are other brands 
who work directly with us and our peers to go into large format retail. So we do have a good 
large format retail presence. And again, there are many new ones also opening up. So you see 
Lulu coming up with many stores in India. So we do work with many LFRs, but some brands 
decide to go directly to LFRs, but the pie is large enough. Some brands just continue to work 
only with distributors. 
Ayush Vimal: 
 Fair enough. That's helpful. Just 1 more question. So we see a lot of thrust on manufacturing in 
India where the government has promoted electronic manufacturing of laptops in a big way in 
India for export purposes. So does Redington see itself playing some part in the value chain here 
or is that something that's outside the purview of our business? 
Hariharan: 
So not directly, but definitely, there are evolving things that are happening not just because of 
Make in India, because of all the other initiatives in India as well. Especially if you look at things 
like refurb and e-waste and those kinds of areas, we are exploring how to get into all these things. 

 
Specifically, on Make in India, we will continue to source the big brands, whether it comes from 
outside or Make in India. But there may be some new brands that may become available as a 
result of Make in India possibilities, which we could then explore distribution both here and 
overseas. So we are just looking at it. Right now, it is very early stages. We've not seen any 
major change in terms of our opportunity landscape, but we are studying that very closely. 
S V Krishnan: 
Would you also want to talk about the rural PC, Hari, if you think is appropriate? 
Hariharan: 
Sure. I mean, it's very early stages and early discussion still, but we all know that out of the 1.4 
billion population, nearly 800 million to 900 million live in rural areas, and they've all got 
smartphones now. The PC penetration is very low. And again, this is a big opportunity, and we 
are exploring that segment and the ability for that segment to start buying and getting into 
compute. Especially with the lower-end PCs and with AI coming into the picture, there is a lot 
of possibilities now where things are -- the computer does things for you rather than you work 
on the computer. 
 
So again, this is exploration going on where we are partnering with some brands and some rural 
go-to-markets to be able to make this segment a viable opportunity for the future. 
Ayush Vimal: 
Sure. Just to clarify, for electronic items which are purely manufactured in India for the purpose 
of export and not for consumption in India, I don't think Redington has some role to play there, 
right? That's the value chain that's outside actually the purview of our business, if I'm not wrong, 
right? 
Hariharan: 
Yes, it is. But what happens is because Redington is seen as a pan-geography distribution partner 
and because of scale, we do get approached sometimes to be able to do things in Africa or MEA 
where something has worked in India. So it does happen. So that's where the opportunity comes 
up. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kushagra from Old Bridge Asset Management. 
Kushagra: 
A few questions. One, so in your opening remarks also, you sort of mentioned that you have 
started working with some Android brands. And if I look at your numbers as well, while your 
top 5 brands contribute around 60-odd percent, but it's actually the remaining 50%, 40%, which 
is growing actually much faster, and that sort of coincides with the growth in mobility as well. 
So just wanted some more color on your tail brands in a bit detailed manner. Like is this more 
like market forces taking their shape or your conscious strategy towards making them bigger? 
And how do you see working capital and margins associated with these brands? Some more 
color over there will be quite helpful. 
Hariharan: 
Okay. I can just give you a little bit on the brand perspective. And maybe the working capital 
and margin, Krishnan, if you can jump in on that. So I think it's a combination. We definitely 
want to be able to participate in areas to maximize our market opportunities on smartphones. 
And we are clearly focused more on brands that are more international and multinational and 
have a global brand name. So that has been our focus, without naming specific brands. 

 
And so some of these brands, they use us as an exclusive distribution partner to be able to get an 
entry and foothold into various routes to market. But we definitely want to continue to maximize 
our partnership and our relationship with the leading brands like Apple, but we will continue to 
play a supporting role for the Android brands and to maximize the opportunity there. 
S V Krishnan: 
And with respect to margins and working capital, this is more or less similar to what we see in 
other MSG brands. On a comparative basis, margins will be lower, but the working capital 
deployment is also lower. From a growth rate perspective, it's still an attractive space and it 
provides a lot more opportunity for growth because there are multiple brands. 
Kushagra: 
All right. Sure. Just a follow-up on Apple. So last year, I think somewhere same time, you called 
out that out of those 30% Apple revenues, iPhone is almost like 20-odd percent. So 2/3 of Apple 
revenues for you is iPhone. And in India, it's slightly higher with Apple being 1/3 of your 
domestic revenues and 24% of your revenues domestically coming from iPhone. Can you give 
us similar numbers this time as well? I mean, specifically for domestic, because mobility in 
domestic as well as Apple seems to have grown quite well. 
 
And also, apart from these numbers, if you can help us understand what would be your wallet 
share in Apple's overall India revenues right now? A ballpark number, a broad figure, or a range 
can also work. 
S V Krishnan: 
See, I don't know in what context we had said this before. But see, the thing is, we are not 
supposed to talk about any specific brand. That's not something that's allowed under the 
contractual terms. So if you permit us, we would want to pass this question. Sorry. 
Kushagra: 
Got it. No worries, sir. And last, if I can just squeeze in. So I just wanted a perspective on your 
enterprise business as well, both overseas as well as domestic, because past couple of quarters, 
you guys have been quite categoric about investments increasing from government, enterprises, 
including some prominent banks as well. But of late, I mean, the numbers have not been very 
optimistic. So just, is this more like lumpy thing coming in or something else? If you can give 
some more color over there will be quite helpful. Yes, those were my questions. 
Hariharan: 
Krishnan, you want me to say something, then you will add on? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, yes, Hari. 
Hariharan: 
Okay. So the opportunity continues to be very sizable on the enterprise and the technology 
solutions business. And there are a combination of reasons you will see numbers in a particular 
quarter. It could be that the decision cycles are a bit longer and we have a larger backlog that we 
carried on from one quarter to another. That is 1 situation. 
 
Second, we decided to walk away from a few that were not profitable enough. So that was the 
second one. And as we work into -- I specifically mentioned about license renewal and 
subscription opportunities. From an accounting perspective, there are some specific things that 
happen in terms of gross revenue and net revenue on this, and maybe Krishnan can throw a bit 
more light on it. 

But the opportunity size clearly on the TSG space continues to be very promising and we want 
to continue to play very hard on it in terms of -- because it gives us, one, a good growth on top 
line, and a higher margin as well. So clearly, we are focused on that. But from a specific quarter 
perspective, there are many things that play that happens on it. SVK, you want to add some 
more? 
S V Krishnan: 
Yes, Hari. See, in the technology space, very specifically in the services part of the business and 
renewals part of the business, because of the risk and reward that we take vis-à-vis the vendor 
in some of these businesses, the complete invoice amount cannot be recognized as a revenue, 
which is what Hari called it as gross and net accounting. 
 
So as we do more and more of these businesses, only the spread, I mean, between the invoice 
value and our cost of goods sold would be the revenue. So to that extent, there is -- I mean, this 
quarter, we have had more proportion of the services and renewals business, which has 
dampened the growth in the Technology Solutions Group. 
Hariharan: 
We continue to get healthy margins, but the top line between gross and net actually shows a bit 
as if it is lower growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Sir, 1 question, which I could not understand. So when I see your ROW, renewable sales, they 
have been drawn down to 0. So that was 1 point I couldn't understand. 
S V Krishnan: 
ROW, what sales? 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Renewable. 
S V Krishnan: 
Okay. See, when we say renewable energy, these are the solar business that we do, okay? We 
do solar business currently in 2 places, 1 in India, 1 is in Turkey. And in Turkey, because of 
some challenges, that has got sizably reduced. But having said that, this is definitely a business 
that we would want to focus on, and Hari would articulate the strategy. But to answer you, it's 
because of this specific factor. And it was anyway lower as far as Turkey is concerned. 
Hariharan: 
Yes. So maybe specifically on Turkey, I will just add some color. The government, because of 
the inflationary situation, was trying to temper down the overall business borrowing and things 
like that. So it had an impact on the solar industry and the solar rollout. That combined with the 
solar panel prices falling, the Turkey business became very challenging to deal with. 
 
So for the last quarter, pretty much we didn't want to take a risk on the solar business in Turkey. 
And so that's what happened. But solar as an outlook, whether it is India, whether it is Africa, or 
whether it is Turkey, quite promising. And we see good future in it. But since there is volatility 
in the environment, both on panel pricing and others, we're just being cautious to avoid taking 
too much risk from a capital perspective. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And secondly, in general, in Turkey, given the high amount of factoring costs involved, are we 
making losses there, because the margins that we operate is very thin, and if we have to pay such 

kind of a factoring and interest cost, then are we not profit -- I mean, why should we even try to 
maintain or grow our market share in this sort of environment, which also has been continuing 
for many, many years now? I mean, why can't we strategically take a relook at this market, in 
general? 
S V Krishnan: 
Sarvesh, I think I had mentioned this in one of the call, I don't remember whether it was last 
quarter or the previous quarter. See, the environment is far too difficult in Turkey. I definitely 
agree with you. But kudos to the team, we have not had a loss situation ever in our business. 
Even in the current quarter, that's the case. We have made profits. Is the profits attractive enough, 
sufficient enough, definitely not. 
For your point, should we then push the business? I would want to refer to what Hari said, see, 
when you are in this business, you're in an ecosystem. If you decide to downsize or if we you 
decide not to participate in many transactions, then you become irrelevant, irrelevant for the 
brand, and hence, I mean, it is equal to conveying a message that I want to exit the market. 
 
I really don't know whether we can call it like that. Definitely, Turkey is a very large market, 
very interesting space. Unfortunately, for whatever reasons, the economic situation has not been 
great. And as you know well, when we invested, the Turkish lira was TRY1.48 to $1. And today, 
it's north of TRY30 to $1. So we are in a situation where there's a lot of volatility, but definitely, 
we still believe it's an attractive market, and it's a space which can be a launch pad for us to get 
into European markets, some of the European markets. So I mean, we would want to keep 
focusing on this market, try whatever best that we can. Definitely, we will be sensitive about the 
profitability, and we have not had any flip on that till now. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
 Understood. And finally, just 1 question, if I may. So if I see your Y-o-Y growth rate from as 
high as 25%, 26% in quarter 1 to double digits in quarter 2 to now less than -- single digits. So 
we are steadily falling down in terms of our growth rate. And our margins have been broadly 
stable. I haven't seen such a jump despite lower growth rate. 
 
So I mean, I know that you don't provide any guidance, but what should we expect going forward 
in the coming year given this sort of a slower growth rate that is happening in terms of our top 
line. So if you can help me with some guidance there or some thought process there, it would be 
helpful. 
S V Krishnan: 
Okay. I mean, a part of the question I'll answer, Hari, and if you can pitch in. See, the thing is, 
this year, the lower profitability is mainly on account of the finance costs, okay? As you know 
well, we have been coming out of the COVID period, we've had an extremely good situation in 
terms of capital deployment and we all knew that that's not something sustainable. 
 
And that on top of revenue growth and on top of interest rates has resulted in a very high increase 
in interest costs. And this is something that you can see across all the distribution companies, 
leave alone even other companies. So if you adjust for this increase in interest cost, I'm sure the 
situation would be completely different. But that's the way things are, and we need to manage. 
Our objective has always been to generate a ROCE of more than 20%. We are very highly 

focused on it and that we had done even in the current quarter. So that's something which -- I 
mean, it would continue to be our decision-making principle, and we would follow that. 
Hariharan: 
Yes, I can just maybe add a couple of things. In the first half, Krishnan mentioned that we added 
$1 billion of revenue. And we are correcting as we speak in 1 or 2 quarters to manage our risks 
in Africa primarily. And we still continue to grow 8% as we showed in this quarter. So I don't 
think we are -- from an outlook perspective, we are still bullish about growth on revenue. 
We are making sure that we go after a minimum profitability percentage and a minimum return 
on capital employed, so we can return best value to the investors. So that's how we are focusing 
on. But we do see, in every space we operate, enough opportunities. So there is technology 
solutions, cloud, mobility, and even in consumer, with AI around the corner, all the discussions 
we're having with the brands, there is AI PC going to be introduced and AI chip in the servers 
and new solutions. 
 
So the next 2, 3 years, there are going to be inflections. Clearly, we're going to take advantage 
of those. But we do want to be careful about not taking too much risks in certain markets. We 
are correcting for that. We're also correcting, as we mentioned, a little bit about the investments 
in some of the platforms and technology we did, so that we can appropriate the right profitability 
levels, yet getting the return on those technology investments. So those are the broad directions 
we are taking. I don't think we are slowing down or deliberately slowing down on revenue 
opportunities or market share. So that would be my thought process in terms of outlook. 
S V Krishnan: 
 Just an addition, Sarvesh. If you see for last quarter, we don't have the info for the latest quarter, 
this is for July, August, September. Globally, PC unit shipments are down by 7%. Smartphone 
unit shipments are flat. Printers unit shipments are down by 8%. So you need to understand this 
environment vis-à-vis what we have done, and I'm sure you will appreciate this growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyam from K C Capital. 
Priyam: 
Sir, I had questions regarding the cloud business. Firstly, do you believe there is a risk in the 
cloud business where the cloud companies can go directly to the customer?  
Hariharan: 
Sorry, can you repeat that, there is a bit of echo on the line? 
Priyam: 
Okay. Sir, like do you believe there's a risk in the cloud business where cloud companies can 
directly go to the customer? 
Hariharan: 
Yes. So that has been there right from the beginning. So if you look at all the hyperscalers, 
whether it is AWS, Azure or Google, they all used to go direct to customers. Clearly, they see a 
big requirement for them to be able to take advantage of distribution companies like us to reach 
the mid-market and the smaller enterprise customers. They're not able to do this on their own. 
And as they start adding software modules and other kinds of services around it, they clearly 
need someone to engage. 
 
That's the reason why increasingly, many of the hyperscalers are talking to distribution, and that 
business as you see is growing very rapidly for us because that's where they see the scale. And 

the same is happening for Platform-as-a-Service companies as well as software-as-a-service 
companies. So initially, when the whole cloud thing journey started, the large enterprises were 
the ones that were adopting these and it was more convenient for these companies to go direct. 
Priyam: 
Okay. Okay, sir. Okay. And then second question, like to what extent is cloud business a repeat 
business? Like is it like depending on cloud migration or are there any other recurring activities 
also? 
Hariharan: 
So there is a variety. So first is a resell, just selling licenses. That's the first thing. Second, 
understanding which customers are growing, which customers are not growing. And then there 
is a whole ecosystem around cloud, because there are ISVs, there are small companies called 
born in the cloud and digital natives. 
All these companies are trying to market their products and solutions along with hyperscalers to 
the customers. So it is a very complex ecosystem. So it doesn't mean that all the services have 
to be provided by a hyperscaler or us. There is a whole lot of solution partners. In the big 
enterprise space, there will normally be system integrators or big SIs. But when it comes to mid-
market and smaller enterprises, there are many, many people who are providing. 
So we are able to provide an ecosystem where we bring in ISVs, we bring in digital natives and 
born in the cloud partners who provide these services along with us on migration, modernization, 
managed services, professional services, professional consulting, a whole range of services, 
that's what we are creating. So we are beginning to specialize and build competency in a few 
areas as a distributor, but then we partner with these people, so that as licenses are bought for 
these services, there can also be managed services created around it. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to management for 
closing comments. 
Hariharan: 
Thank you so much for attending. I hope you found the Q&A session useful. And if you need 
some more answers on anything that we have not been able to answer, or if somebody wasn't 
able to get on the line, please feel free to reach us, and we'll be happy to respond back to you. 
Krishnan, you want to add something? 
S V Krishnan: 
No, no, perfectly fine. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Redington Limited, we conclude this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
