 
 
 ABB India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office  
Disha - 3rd Floor, Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage 
Peenya Industrial Area IV 
Peenya, Bengaluru – 560 058 
Karnataka, India 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
GST: 29AAACA3834B1Z4 
Phone: +91 80 2294 9150 – 54 
Fax: +91 80 2294 9148 
Investor.helpdesk@in.abb.com 
www.abb.com/in 
REF:INABB:STATUT:LODR:ANALST_TRNSPT: 
 
 
February 26, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
P.J. Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
 
 
(Attn : DCS CRD)  
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E). 
Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
 
 
 
Attn: Listing Dept. 
Dear Sirs 
Sub: Transcript of Analyst concall 
 
In continuation of our letters dated February 13, 2024, February 20, 2024 and February 21, 
2024, we are enclosing a copy of the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took 
place on February 21, 2024 post announcement of audited financial results of the Company 
for the fourth quarter and financial year ended December 31, 2023.   
 
The said transcript is also uploaded on the Company’s website. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
For ABB India Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Trivikram Guda 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
ACS 17685 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
Digitally signed by Trivikram Guda
DN: cn=Trivikram Guda, c=IN, 
o=Personal, 
email=trivikram.guda@in.abb.com
Date: 2024.02.26 10:58:20 
+05'30'
Trivikram 
Guda

 
 
 
 
ABB India Limited  
Q4 & Full Year CY 2023 Earnings Conference Call 
(October – December 2024) 
 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJEEV SHARMA – COUNTRY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR 
MR. T K SRIDHAR – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. SANJEEV ARORA – PRESIDENT, MOTION 
MR. SUBRATA KARMAKAR – HEAD, ROBOTICS  
MR. KIRAN DUTT – PRESIDENT, ELECTRIFICATION 
SMART BUILDING AND SMART POWER 
MR. GANESH KOTHAWADE – HEAD, ELECTRIFICATION 
DISTRIBUTION SOLUTIONS 
 
 
 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to ABB India Limited’s Q4 – October to 
December Quarter & Full Year CY 2023 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded and any unauthorized recording of this 
call is strictly prohibited. The recording will be made available on the Company’s website and 
SEBI’s website subsequently. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. T K Sridhar – Chief Financial Officer of ABB India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
T K Sridhar: 
A very good morning to all of you. Thank you for joining this Q4 and Full Year Results Call. We 
are in Nashik today right, where we have entire board as well as the management team over here. 
Along with me on the call is Mr. Sanjeev Sharma, the Country Managing Director and I also 
have in-person Ganesh Kothawade, the head of the location in Nashik over here. And also on 
the call, I have Mr. Sanjeev Arora, who leads the Motion Division and then we also have Subrata 
Karmakar, Robotics Business. We are not able to have Balaji because of customer requirements 
where he’s travelling, but we will try to make sure that we are able to answer the calls which 
pertain to process automation as well. 
So, I think it’s a good time now to go to the presentation what we have already uploaded on the 
website. So, I hand over to Sanjeev to take us through the Business Highlights. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Thank you, Sridhar. Good morning to all of you. Thanks for joining this Call. 
And again, I recognize our host Ganesh Kothawade, who’s hosting us. He leads the largest 
business we have in the country, which is Electrification Distribution and also we have an 
Integrated Facility here in Nashik. Very good sustainability credentials and the board when he 
was here yesterday, they were quite impressed in terms of how our facilities work and how well 
our teams are performing in business with us as well. Thank you, Ganesh. Thanks for hosting 
us. 
Now, with respect to Q4 and the Full Year: 
Last year, we talked about it, but just as a reminder, just to again anchor how ABB India operates 
and what ABB India structure is, we have four Distinct Business Areas -- Electrification which 
largely deals with Power Distribution, both at the medium voltage and low voltage level and 
also Installation Product and some UPS Services. So, these are the typical products which go 
into increasing the reliability of power distribution in the cities, industrial plants, infrastructure 
projects, and also making sure that the buildings where they are deployed, they are more energy-
efficient and they have a better energy footprint. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Motion Division, with large deals with the Low Voltage, Medium Voltage Motors and Drives, 
it’s an Energy Efficiency portfolio. Wherever we apply these, with more of our products being 
used, our customers benefit in terms of having a better energy footprint and reducing the 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions created by them. So, that’s the kind of power of this portfolio. 
Process Automation is Automation of the Energy Industries; Process Industries, which are in 
the core sector; and also our Marine and Ports which are very critical infrastructure for imports 
and exports; and of course, Measurement Analytics, which goes into the sensors that are used by 
the industry. 
Now, what we have as the fourth division is Robotics and Discrete Automation. That’s where 
we have the division which is delivering automation to increasing appetite of manufacturing 
industries which are not only working well, but they are expanding and their need for applying 
robotics automation is increasing day-by-day. We are seeing very healthy growth and healthy 
results in this division as well… and also the sophistication what industry is dependent on. 
We are operating in 5 manufacturing locations in Maharashtra, Gujarat, Haryana and Karnataka 
and we have 25 plants in these manufacturing locations with 28 sales offices across the country 
to serve them for sales as well as services, and we have an increasing network of our partners 
who really take us to the different market segments and to the depth of geographies of the 
country. 
You may be familiar with this picture. This is, in short, our strategy to engage with the market. 
So, what we have here is on the bottom, they could be the smallest contributors but highest 
growth market segment because they have come into being recently like Data Centers, Railways 
and Metro, and Electronics. These are the sectors which are growing very fast and we are having 
an increasing contribution into our order books from these market segments because we have 
product portfolio with this market requirement. Renewables, Electronics Metro, Data Center, 
and Railways, they are really tracking forward positively. 
And when it comes to the water, wastewater, warehouse, logistics, power, distribution, building 
and infrastructure, all these sectors have a moderate growth. Moderate growth when I say it is 
between 10% to 15% and these are also contributing in a significant way. These are the ones 
which we maybe started engaging in the middle of last decade and we have matured these market 
segments in a significant way, and they are becoming good contributors. 
Low growth segments, which are traditionally in the core sectors. For example, marine and ports, 
oil and gas, pharma, healthcare, pulp and paper, cement, they have been muted for a period of 
time, but now we see many of these market segments have started tracking. The project pipelines 
have been built well. We have a very strong installed base in this market segment, and we service 
them quite effectively and we have a very strong ongoing relationship here. By the way, though 
it may be low growth, it has the highest contribution to our order book. So, that means as and 
when the formation of growth and CAPEX takes place, we get another pickup in this segment. 
So, most of it is led by high growth and moderate growth into our growth from the segment 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
perspective and also our geographical penetration in the market, but the low growth segment, 
though they call low growth, but they have a substantial contribution. When they move, they 
move really well for us. We do see there are some growth triggers which still have to happen for 
our business as we go forward despite having very strong growth already into our books in the 
last many quarters. 
Now, we are going to cover like every time we covered a segment: We take a deep dive there. 
So, in case of India, India aims for 500 GW of Renewable Energy installed by 2030, and it has 
been very impressive how we have gone about executing it, we have almost 180 GW of installed 
capacity wherein it is distributed into different resources, wind power, solar, biomass, small 
hydropower waste-to-energy, large hydro, and there have been 30 times increase in solar power 
and two times increase in wind power since 2014. So, it’s very impressive. 
I spent quite a bit of time in Europe, especially in Germany. This was back in 2008, 2007 when 
they were forming strategy, and I could see similar kind of development there wherein there was 
a policy and there was a policy bias towards renewals and within five to 10 years they really 
became leaders in this particular area. So, India has a very natural need to expand into 
renewables and you can see the government policy is really very well aligned. And I think that’s 
something which is the new normal in India, wherein the national policy and the action and the 
entrepreneurs and the incentives and the long-term vision in this area is all coming together, be 
it in the form of National Green Hydrogen Mission, PLI, Solar, PV Manufacturing, Solar City, 
Solar Park, and 30 GW Offshore Wind. We believe this is something is a long play, and we have 
a very good portfolio to support it. And we sometimes continue to add new products which really 
debottleneck these market segments because when you expand too much, then you require 
special technology, we continue to pay attention to it, and we also bring in technologies which 
help and aid in distribution of this power generation. 
Now, with respect to how our growth is coming quarter-to-quarter: It is totally rooted into how 
our teams and our businesses engage with customers. We have a very strong engagement strategy 
with customers. We go deep into the country and across the market segments. We are engaging 
with the customers in Mumbai, Kochi, Mahad, Ludhiana, Lucknow, Leh. So, this is our secret 
open recipe for you that is how we continue to find new customers, get them excited about ABB 
products and technology and quality and our credentials on sustainability. We get a very good 
response wherever we go, and have a long runway in the country to reach out to more and more 
customers on the geographical spread basis.  
Some Business Highlights for you: 
First, on the operational performance: We had a strong operational performance with Q4; we 
had orders which were up 35% from both emerging and traditional segments, as I explained to 
you earlier, the mix. Revenues were 14% up, profit after tax is 13% up, mostly driven by 
operational efficiencies, and we continue to maintain a strong cash position. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
The Board has recommended a final dividend of Rs.23.8 per share. I think maybe Sridhar can 
explain to you a little bit more in terms of where we were and where we have expanded in a very 
short period of time. I think a lot of cash is being directed towards the shareholders and we are 
very happy to do that together with our shareholders. So, what we are doing is, we are sharing 
the performance of ABB with our shareholders in terms of expanded divisions. 
Now on the ESG and Customers: We have 50% of the Company’s manufacturing campuses 
certified as water positive. Just to give you a color to it, Nelamangala which was our first plant 
which became water positive. That means that we are putting more water in the ground than we 
are taking out. About two years back, we monitored the water levels with an electronic meter 
and we have invested in technology. Two years ago, we had water depth around our Nelamangala 
plant at 60 meters, and one month back when we checked, it had risen to 29 meters. So, these 
positive elements when you do it consciously, you do it with the right technology and you 
monitor it in good faith and you want to make sure that you succeed, they work. We will have 
all our manufacturing campuses go to water positive as per our plant. And we have reduced 
almost 88% in greenhouse gas emissions in Scope-I and Scope-II with the baseline from 2019. 
So, that shows our commitment, and the programs are working, and they are well monitored, 
they’re well managed at the central level, but really led by our campus teams or the location 
teams and all of them are very proud and our global teams are very proud the kind of 
achievements ABB India and the businesses have made here. We do it not to impress the world, 
because the management team feels is the right thing to do for the simple reason, India is a water-
stress country, India is an energy-stress country, India has waste to the landfill issues. We want 
to make sure that from our side, we create a minimum footprint on the environmental impact, 
and we create a positive impact in terms of contributing to water tables, contributing to no waste 
to landfill and also other elements which really contribute to the environment and also encourage 
our suppliers, our customers as well as other partner companies in the areas we are present in or 
the industry forums we represent. 
Now, we had significant orders in traction, large orders with the steady-base orders. We had the 
automotive sector performing well for us and likewise in process industry, metal, mining, 
chemical, textile companies gave us good integrated solution orders. And on the transport side, 
railways and electrification of metros is a net positive for us. And high growth sectors like data 
centers, electronics, railways and metro and renewables, these are really tracking very well for 
us in our order books, and our portfolio in all these segments which are tracking well, we have 
a sweet spot in terms of how we can serve these customers. And as a result, our order backlog 
grew 30% to INR8,404 crores. So, that again gives us a very solid outlook for our revenues 
going forward. And we have a fairly good mix of large orders as well as the base orders that 
convert rather quickly. 
Now when it comes to the overall impact on our balance sheet: You can see that we have good 
growth where 23% backlog has grown by 30%, revenue grew by 23%, operational EBITDA and 
margin grew by 54% and EPS has grown by 11%, cash has grown by 31% and our GHG emission 
have gone down, with 2019 base, by 88%. So, we believe we are tracking the right KPI in the 
right direction. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Return on capital employed is one of the good measures for all of us to manage. So, you can see 
compared to 2019 when we had 10%, we are now at 21%. So, this is something which is notable 
for all of us and it has grown 110% over this period of time. 
Now, we get orders across market segments. As we say, we have 18 divisions which connect 
with about 23 market segments, so gives you some kind of idea that Power Distribution package 
which comes out of Nashik, where we are sitting, for a data center of IT major, there’s a huge 
expansion of data centers in the country for small, medium and large size and ABB products 
portfolio provide the power supply at the medium voltage and low voltage into it. We become 
the core because data center is nothing, but a power consuming block wherein you have servers 
which require a lot of power and ABB supplies that power into it. We work with the global IT 
majors as well as majors in the country, we do get a lot of preference because of our portfolio 
and our ability to execute. 
Robotic Solutions for Electronics business of a conglomerate. Again, lot of demand for robotics 
from us and newer applications are being tried out by the customers. And then our traction 
technology offering for railways, electric drives, automation for the leading integrated metals 
and mining Company, our Distributed Control System for specialty company, Vacuum Circuit 
Breaker for solar and wind projects, these are the few highlights of some of the applications. 
On our “Green” credentials you can see all our units are now green certified units, mostly 
Platinum, and our Scope-I and II GHG emissions on as I mentioned before to about 87%, 88%, 
energy productivity of 65%, water recyclability is 45%, 50% of our units are water-positive and 
already one unit has become zero waste to landfill and we will convert other units also. 
And the picture you see on the left is our real picture of our plant in Bangalore. This is not a 
stock picture from the internet. So, we really pay attention for our green consciousness. So, when 
you visit any of our plants, you will see a lot of green-conscious among our campuses are 
managed. 
We continue to make sure part of our value system of care. We have a meaningful and impactful 
CSR project. And the external agency reviewed our project. We got very good scores in terms 
of impact and our ability to create a positive movement into all the projects wherein we are 
focused, so be it in the infrastructure, women education, water and providing medical equipment 
for cancer patients. So, we make small contribution in our way given the amount of contribution 
can be done, but, we are happy to engage with what we do. And we are also very happy that our 
earnings have increased, they have doubled in the last few years, that means our CSR budget 
also has doubled in proportion. So, that gives us even more capacity to serve society as we go 
forward. 
So, on the “Financial Highlights”, now I pass it on to my colleague, T K Sridhar to take you 
through this. Thank you. 
T K Sridhar: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. So, I take this opportunity to take you through the performance numbers. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
I think this is more focused on how we have performed in Q4’23 and also some snapshots of the 
full year. So, orders, we closed at Rs.3,147 crores for the quarter which is 35% above the 
previous year, the same quarter, and of course this also include a large order from the projects 
and the systems division from traction in our business, which is one-time of order. Then, we 
have an order backlog of Rs.8,400 crores, this is an all-time high because we had good order 
intake in this particular year which is almost 23% growth for the full year, and this has definitely 
resulted in order backlog of Rs.8,400 crores which gives a better visibility of revenue for the 
future.  
And when it comes to profitability, we are Rs.454 crores for the quarter with 13% up on the 
profitability compared to previous year, and also on the PAT similar 13% which are there. 
But if you look at the full year, we are definitely up on the profit after tax by 22%. And this is 
despite the fact that last year included exceptional income of Rs.339 crores for the sale of 
Turbochargers business to Accelleron, and therefore this year represent pure operational 
performance, which has improved substantially than what it was in the previous year. 
How did this happen? I think it’s more about the quality of the orders, operating efficiencies, 
capacities which are utilized now to quite a good extent and also definitely supported by a 
positive price movement, which contributed to profitability. 
Last but not the least, now that our portfolio is pretty straightforward on product businesses, so 
our predictability of profitability is in execution and also a good orientation towards service is 
really helping us to become move into these particular ranges what we are seeing. 
The next is around cash. We are at 4,700 crores as well. It is also reflected by the fact that all the 
net income which we have generated over the years, our conversion ratios to cash has definitely 
improved and we are trying to make sure that every profit which we earn is reflected into cash.  
So, orders received we discussed 35% for the quarter, revenues we grew 14% and for the full 
year 22%, profit and operational EBITDA is somewhere pretty solid about from how we want 
to do it. 
So, one point which I would like to bring to your attention is that if we remove the so-called 
one-off items of the last year, which is of the sale of Turbochargers business, our growth is 
almost 400 basis points in the margin level. 
Just to give you bit of a more color on how did we perform in the structure of the profitability, 
right? So, here if we look at it, I think our material cost is about 62.6. This is probably a very 
comfortable area where we are in the range where we are in. The teams have been consistently 
working on localization, on improving the mix of the businesses what they are executing, and 
also making sure that we don’t have any profit leakages during the execution of the orders what 
we have. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
And just to mention if someone is curious about what is other income, other income, majority 
of them, almost Rs.70 crores represents the interest on the fixed deposits what we hold, and 
that’s something because of cash which is there and we are allowed to invest only absolutely in 
safe securities and which is the bank deposits and the other related instruments is where we gain 
this particular interest. 
So, personal expenses, we are holding on to 6.5% for the quarter and 6.8% full year compared 
to 7.4% last year and the majorly coming out of the fact of increasing productivity and making 
sure that we are ideally employing people over here. 
The one element which probably is not largely under the control of the business is about 
exchange and commodity variation. So, this is Rs.10.5 crores negative compared to the Rs.3 
crores positive in the immediately preceding quarter and Rs.30 crores positive in the last quarter 
of the same period last year. So, I think the swing is around about Rs.40 crores. So, this is 
something which will also see in the waterfall chart, which is already included in the next slide. 
Depreciation, we have been investing consistently in the modernization of a factory, the 
expansion and sort of stuff. So, that’s probably increasing the depreciation, but that is for a good 
cause and that supplements that ROC still stands at 21% is what we have to do. 
Interest cost is Rs.8 crores at this point of time for the quarter and this is more related to the 
MSME vendors what we have to accrue the interest which we have. And also, to be mindful of 
the fact that this is something which we make sure that we have a straight dealing for MSME 
and we pay them on time, we make sure that we have no large interest cost going over there. 
Effective tax rate stands at 25 percentage is what you would have seen. In this quarter, probably 
the six months and the full year, we decided that we would give more details on the press release 
and that’s something which we have been published in this quarter as well because it is the year 
end. 
This is about talking about what’s the waterfall. So, if you look at it, we had a favorable volume 
impact and a mix impact which contributed to the accretion of the profit and slightly 
compensating the increase in expenses, absolute values and also the FOREX which is there and 
still we did manage to get to the numbers which was considerably a credible number as what 
you see. 
So, just a bit of a deep dive into how we see the business wise performance. So, this is pretty 
interesting as I see that how business is evolving. So, electrification growing at almost Rs.1,000 
crores every quarter in terms of order booking and they grew about 24% for the quarter from the 
previous year. And then, of course, electrification being short cycle businesses, you should see 
the conversion of the orders booked into revenues as well and that probably has a healthy impact 
on the profitability, which is there in the chart below and their order backlog has increased by 
24% compared to the previous year. So, they have a good short-term visibility of revenues going 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
forward. The orders also constitute from new growing sectors like the data centers, OEMs, and 
major metals, and energy players. 
Motion is represented by motors, system drive, services division about it and also the traction. 
So, we did definitely book large orders in Q3 and Q4 from the traction business. So, that is 
reflected in the large orders, and this also gives us a good visibility of revenues going forward. 
The profitability, I think there could be a bit of an explanation which I need to do in terms of 
how from 19.4 to 17.4. I think if you look at the FOREX impact which we mentioned earlier. 
So, this is something which has impacted the motion because they have quite a bit of imports, 
when it comes to drive and drive products and system drive, and that’s something which has 
impacted them. I think this is more temporary in nature, it will settle down in the average rates 
what is already being depicted over here. 
So, order backlog, even though it looks pretty impressive around Rs.3,500 crores, we need to 
understand because that got a system order, large component, it gets executed over the next 24 
months and so that’s something which we should be aware of, it’s unlike electrification where 
you get executed in the immediate quarter. 
Process Automation, I think they have been having a consistent run and there are more projects 
focused, so they are a bit cyclical sometimes but that’s why you could see a slight dip in the 
order intake numbers and revenue is definitely driven by the order backlog. They have got a 
good execution pattern and we see no margin slippages in the projects what they’ve executed. 
But good part is that they have a consistent order booking which comes from the installed base, 
that means the services revenues are consistently increasing that’s what we see. And here also in 
the PBIT, they were also impacted by the negative FOREX impact that they have. 
Robotics missed certain orders in Q4, but they would definitely, going forward, will see the 
pipeline stronger. So, they would be able to make it up run rate going forward as well. The 
revenues are consistently increasing with the backlog what is there with them, and PBIT they 
are at 12% and that’s more from because they have orders which is also good in the team. 
So, overall, if you look at often how we are structured, I think this is something a slide which 
you would be all familiar with. So, products constitute 76% of the revenues and 12% from the 
services and projects constitute 12%. 
And the next slide is interesting as to if you look at the composition of the demography of the 
revenues, today, we are talking of 90% of our revenues from the domestic market and 10% 
coming from the exports. So, this doesn’t mean that exports are falling down. This only means 
that the domestic market is expanding faster than the export market. But if we take an absolute 
value of the growth in the exports, right, we are almost making more than 13% to 15% growth, 
which is pretty decent considering the sort of vagaries which we have in the different global 
markets. But whereas when it comes to India, it really reflects the investment momentum which 
is happening in India, which always is growing faster than the global markets. So, this is 
basically how we see the structure of the business models in terms of our offerings. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
And if you just roll it forward, because what is it we see in store for 2024, I think there are two 
topics. One is what is going to drive the growth, the other one is what are the factors which we 
definitely have to monitor. So, from the growth factors, we think definitely investment in the 
private sector along with the public sector will drive growth. All of us believe that the public 
spend will happen, investment will happen and so this will definitely propel the growth. The 
nation-led programs like “Make in India” and this is also going to really help the investment 
patterns in India and this will also help us focus on the local content which is there. 
And the next important factor which we have so far not often talked about it in the past, but we 
see that this is a trend which is visible in the market is about premiumization. That means the 
affordability for quality products from the consumers have increased and therefore a concern is 
there. Quality products or technologies and technologically advanced products is something 
which the customers will start to prefer and therefore we expect that the sweet spot for ABB 
going forward. 
Having said that, there are definitely certain key factors to monitor. I think all of us know that 
inflation and higher interest rates will be an item to monitor because that impacts the so-called 
OEMs and the small vendors because we are talking of the fact that we are exposed to quite a 
bit about tier-2, tier-3 cities, which is our breadwinner at this point of time, and there could be 
impact. So, this is something which we think as a parameter which we need to watch out for. 
And consumption growth is also driven by the rural demand is definitely another factor to 
consider in the growth patterns what we see. 
And the last but not the least, we have in this particular year, several of the countries in the world 
are going for election, and India also will see an election period in Q2. While we believe that 
there could be certain delay in decisions, we see that the fundamentals are in place. So, having 
said that, I think we expect that we will have a positive momentum as what we see in this point 
of time. So, this is probably my last slide. 
So, I think with this, we could open up the session for more questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first question from the line of 
Renu Baid Pugalia from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Renu B Pugalia: 
My first question is a little bit more basic. Typically, if you look from a trend perspective, fourth 
quarter tends to be far more lumpier and better in terms of sequential revenue growth. And given 
that our backlog has been, especially from your side this quarter was broadly flattish and not a 
growth on a QoQ basis, specifically for EL and MO, both which are product-oriented portfolios 
for us. So, any revenue slippages, delays or any specific comments from your side? 
T K Sridhar: 
Renu, from my side, I could say there has been no revenue slippages. I think there is no 
destocking issue also which we see from the channel partners or our customer side as well. I 
think what we see is more about meaningful execution according to the milestones and the 
offtake of the customers, which is very important. I think if you look at the patterns previously 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
when we are coming out from the COVID scenario, I think people try to execute whatever was 
required at that point of time as a backlog which they had to do. So, therefore the offtake was 
far faster in the previous quarter, but now it has started to stabilize, right? So, that means it’s 
going to be more even in a way which matches with the execution of the various projects with 
the OEM and channel partners have. And that’s basically what we see both in electrification as 
well as motion. 
Renu B Pugalia: 
Secondly, if we look at directionally, while we have been guiding or we are broadly mentioning 
of maintaining double-digit net margins now, this year has been pretty strong with combination 
of factors, mix as well as multi gain side in terms of benefits. So, looking at the backlog that we 
have in hand, wo what is the outlook that you would like to share for the next calendar year, 
especially on the profitability given the way the macros and your order backlog is tied up today? 
T K Sridhar: 
Renu, we don’t share outlook that’s I think that we know, right. So, I think I could only give a 
color to that; our order backlog is a good mix of orders from the 23 market segments what we 
cater to, and also it has an element of good amount of services which is also a service thing. But 
the other factor which we need to consider is 90% is from the domestic market, right? So, that 
means a content which is basically more driven by the local prices, local competition sort of 
stuff. So, I think given this particular scenario and we have a major event election which will 
happen in Q2, I think we should be realistically cautious when we have given estimation about 
these profitability indicators. So, given that we are at the double-digit margin at this point of 
time, I think our ambition is to make sure that we remain credible over here. 
Renu B Pugalia: 
And last question, more is related to the end markets. If we see electronics has been one of the 
key growth drivers for ABB and now with deepening of presence in OSAT and the entire value 
chain, there will be more factory automation opportunities. So, how are we looking at this market 
unfolding, and have you already started to see activities from the customers in terms of enquiries 
in this segment? So, how should we look at both in terms of opportunities on the manufacturing 
side and electronics in specific going forward? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Definitely, electronics is a segment wherein we see positive development. Not only we see the 
formation of CAPEX and expansion, we see direct impact in our order books, and we are 
delivering meaningful projects in electronics sector and also the nature of electronic 
manufacturing is now especially when more modern plants are being… because every time an 
electronic manufacturing plant is set up by a global major or local, they always go for new 
technologies. So, robotics automation is one element that go quite well into these manufacturing 
and we are seeing a good uptick in that part of our portfolio, and in addition when you have these 
integrated facilities come, you have other related products of ABB from electrification, motion 
also find place in these facilities. So, definitely, we see an uptick and positive uptick of electronic 
segment, Renu. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Mohit Kumar: 
My first question is on the order inflow. Was there any large order inflow in this particular quarter 
like previous quarter? And a related question is, the life cycle of the current order book, is it very 
different from the order book at the end of CY’22? 
T K Sridhar: 
I will answer to your two questions. The first question is, did it have a large order? Answer to it 
is yes, it did have a large order. I had mentioned that it had basically come from Motion from a 
traction business from a railways customer. So, that’s #1. And #2, what’s the composition 
looking like of the order backlog? It’s a good question. I think earlier we used to have from the 
order backlog, probably 7-8% as large order content… as the project orders in other words, but 
in the current order composition order backlog, Rs.8,400 crores, we have almost 15% from the 
large orders. So, these large orders get executed over a period of 18 to 24 months depending 
upon the project what we are executing, and the balance gets executed over a period of time with 
the predictable revenues. 
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is on the gross margin. Our gross margins were the highest in fiscal and this 
particular quarter. How do you think about as we go forward especially for CY’24, do you think 
any gross margin correction? I think last quarter you alluded that there was some correction. 
T K Sridhar: 
So, first of all, Mohit, we don’t give any forecast as far as gross margin is concerned. So, gross 
margin is basically a resultant of two to three factors. One, of course, is the composition of the 
orders what we execute, and if that has a larger element of project orders which get executed, as 
you see that we have already mentioned the 15% are large orders. So, I think that will have a 
lesser contribution to the gross margin, but whereas the product order definitely has. So, I think, 
as the prices are stabilizing in the market both in terms of pricing, which we do with the 
customers as well as with the vendors with the material prices stabilizing, I think the possibility 
of increasing the prices into the market will be more even-based and not a normal pattern, right? 
So, that’s how it will happen. So, more expansions in the margins will come through capacities 
through different market segments what we go into and value-based selling, right. So, that’s 
basically how the margin expansion going forward will happen. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
I had two questions. One was on the motion business that is. Just wanted your comments on how 
are you seeing the competitive intensity, pricing and also demand there because one of the peers 
said, it almost seems to be like a price war going on in that, especially on the low voltage motors. 
So, that’s my first question. Second was on the automation segment. While Q4 is being seen 
good growth, overall order inflow seems to be flattish on a YoY basis. So, is it that some orders 
are kind of deferred and you probably think that should pick up over the coming quarters or 
maybe it’s more like post-election, so do you have some comments there as well? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, your question is about process automation. Yes, our pipeline is quite strong and there are 
certain orders we feel got deferred and they will come in most likely in this quarter. When it 
comes to terms like price wars and others, I think we never use this kind of terminology within 
our own internal system, because that shows an erratic behavior of someone. And we stay quite 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
steady with respect to how we serve our channels and our customers with more consistency over 
a period of time. So, our pricing strategies are very stable based on how the market and the 
market segment show up based on the strength of our portfolio. But yes, if there is some kind of 
a behavior in the market, so it’s not the whole segment gets affected, there may be a kind of 
stress in a particular market segment on the lower side wherein it is more price-sensitive. So, 
that’s how we deal with it. I do have my colleague, the President of Motion Division, Sanjeev 
Arora. Sanjeev, would you like to add to my comments? 
Sanjeev Arora: 
Thank you very much for the question. Thank you, Sanjeev, for giving me this opportunity to 
answer it. I think you are just spot on. And definitely as Sridhar has also mentioned, it is the 
value-based selling, it is the portfolio and the technological advantage what we have, that is 
playing very well for ABB low voltage motors. And the customer has the belief that if they are 
going for the sustainability as a subject on top of their mind, it is the energy efficient motors of 
ABB which can support them very well, and that’s how we are keeping ourselves a bit more 
isolated and protected from I would say the general trend and that’s our strategy will be going 
forward as well. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Amit Mahawar from UBS Group. Please go ahead. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Sir, my first question is on the motion division. This year, almost 50 billion plus worth of orders, 
right, the largest subset for us and that’s more driven by traction. In CY’24 how should we look 
about traction orders, do you think we’ll have the same momentum, any color on that? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
As far as the traction orders are concerned, is a direct result of spend being made in the railways 
and in the metro segment. In railways, specifically in terms of the new trains being launched, we 
have a substantial technology footprint in those areas. With respect to traction, our focus market 
segments are railways and metro and within railways it is the new trains like Vande Bharat and 
more modern trains wherein our technology, the sweet spot technology for those segments. They 
are preferred technology, but we participate with the railways tendering process or through the 
OEMs who are building those trains. And we have good position there. And also in the railway 
electric engines, when they are buying and expanding that line, we also have some technologies 
going there. And in the metro of course we supply substantial amount of technologies there. So, 
these segments are tracking. So, yes, it is cyclic. Not every quarter you have a very large tender, 
but whenever large tender happens for the OEM wins and then the OEM takes their time to place 
their offload of the ABB technology orders to us. So, I would say, I would consider it as an 
engineer to order business, but it will be more cyclic going forward. We will not track it quarter-
to-quarter, we will track it as it comes. 
Amit Mahawar: 
Second question is on the EL division. Our profitability has seen a material ramp up and it’s 
more close to the global peer like Schneider operating in India at 18%, 19% plus. But there’s a 
significant gap in top line. I’m not saying, we have all the product portfolio, but our top line vis-
à-vis say Schneider in India is materially different. So, which are the areas where ABB will 
expand and target in the EL Division in terms of product profile? 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, let me admit my ignorance because we never track our competitors, we only track what we 
can do for our customers with our portfolio. So, I will not be able to relate with the percentages 
you said. But yes, relative to our quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year performance and the markets 
and the customer segments we want to do, I think we continue to make very strong progress. So, 
we are quite happy with what our distribution that ELDS division is doing as well as how our 
business in smart power and smart distribution are working. And I think we are on track in terms 
of localization, in terms of penetration, expanding our product portfolio, and we are making 
substantial kind of investments in that area. Do we compare with somebody? No, I think we 
haven’t done that. Maybe it’s a good question from you. Maybe we should look at it. But at this 
point of time. I think we are going by our plan. 
Amit Mahawar: 
But at least on LVM, which side is maybe we are leaning towards in terms of expansion, sir, 
some color? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Last year we expanded quite well on the medium voltage side in Nashik. You may have tract it 
and Ganesh since he’s sitting next to me, I can take benefit of him. What do you think on the 
medium voltage side, what kind of opportunities you see connection? 
Ganesh Kothawade: 
Thanks for giving me the opportunity, Sanjeev. So, medium voltage, definitely, we did the 
expansion in the last year. We brought our eco-friendly product line which has been introduced 
and also a couple of other products which is from the contractor side also has been introduced. 
So, there is an expansion which is in the product portfolio that has also been done and also 
investment which has been done in basically the capacity expansion to meet the demand in the 
market. So, we can see a very good demand which is coming from the renewable, building and 
also rail and infrastructure segment and of course the data center because it is highly energy-
intensive usage which is coming from the data center. So, we do see this good expansion coming 
and we have seen good growth in the last quarter also when it comes to the distribution. 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
So, in short, what Ganesh is alluding is, we have a very solid performance. I think our benchmark 
is how well we do as ABB globally and I think ELDS, or our division really is on the top of the 
benchmark globally when it comes to business performance and also the growth. When it comes 
to low voltage, we have Kiran Dutt. Kiran, would you like to put some color on it? 
Kiran Dutt: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. From the low voltage perspective, I think you also made certain points in 
terms of localization and expansion of our portfolio. I think we have been doing that 
continuously over the past few years. We have added some products which are addressing 
different segment of the market, not only the segments what we were already having, we are 
also trying to get into different segment of the market. One is in terms of the portfolio expansion 
where we talk about, the rest is also important when we talk about the localization part of it. So, 
overall, it’s in two ways we look at it. One, while expanding the portfolio, we also want to 
introduce those products into India as a localization part of it. Let me give you an example in 
one of the segments of data centers. We also launched some solutions on the UPS side. So, that’s 
been launched in the last quarter of last year, that’s Q4 of 2023. So, a good portfolio and a very 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
particular segment of the market called data centers and that kind of portfolio will support us in 
future growth. So, overall, we continue to expand portfolios as well as localization. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura India. Please go ahead. 
Umesh Raut: 
My first question is pertaining to your opening remarks about premiumization. So, basically, it 
is really heartening to see that there is a shift now happening at a ground level to more towards 
premiumization. But I want to kind of understand more on the vertical side basically in which 
all products you are seeing this particular shift happening and how this can also lead to a further 
better realization for the Company? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
Mr. Raut, thank you for your question. It’s a good one. I think we have seen the significant shift 
of customer behavior especially post-COVID. During COVID period, customers realize that 
when they are in dire straits, which are the companies Which stand for them, and which are the 
ones has the ability to serve them. Obviously, companies like ABB stood very tall during that 
period, the way we were organized to help our customers who were in the remote location with 
our digital technologies, digital support technologies, and we didn’t leave any customer wanting 
relative to maybe not so great experience they had during their clinical phases with some of the 
other participants in the marketplace. And I believe that has created a strong impression in 
customers’ mind and I do believe that have a large contribution in terms of how customers started 
thinking about reliability, availability and the overall strength of the Company. So, that’s one 
reason we find.  
Apart from the organic market growth, there’s a shift of the preference from a large customer, 
which was very kind of price-sensitive earlier towards more reliable supplier, and they’re willing 
to pay a reasonable price for the products and the quality and the services they get from a 
Company like us. So, that’s we could measure it, but we find that there’s substantial shift on top 
of the market growth itself. So, that’s why you can see our growth numbers are relatively 
multiple of the GDP growth in the country. It is being contributed by that behavior as well. Now, 
when it comes to the verticals, we definitely see that very clearly in robotics, we see that very 
clearly in the A-grade buildings which are being built, and the infrastructure projects being built, 
whether our electrification and motion products, there’s a clear preference for those products 
from us. The people are demanding it by brand that what brand they would like to place in when 
they have that flexibility. And not only that, even the contractors who are working in very 
prestigious government projects, they want to make sure they’re using the best technologies and 
components, because now the government infrastructure projects are of such a high quality, 
whether it’s a parliament or it is Ayodhya, airport, railway stations, Ram mandir, you will find 
ABB technology footprint there because there’s a preference that they should put best-in-class 
equipment. So, it means it’s not only the government procurement which says that buy the 
cheapest, they are saying, buy the best for the best infrastructure we are putting in and that’s our 
sweet spot and that’s where our brand placement is quite good. So, in the electrification, all these 
areas, premiumization is taking place. Data centers again, the large global players when they are 
coming to India, they have a choice to buy cheap, but they don’t, they come and they buy our 
premium technologies because the data center is all about reliability, availability for the 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
customers and they want to ensure the best of technology goes there. So, that’s another area 
where we see a distinct advantage.  
Especially on the sustainability side, we find the industry behavior has changed; cement industry, 
steel, industry, pulp and paper, there’s a lot of demand for high quality products which reduces 
their greenhouse gas emissions by using technology which gives them more efficiencies. Same 
thing is with the contractors who are doing residential building, commercial buildings, they also 
have a preference for high technology, and they buy it by name or sometimes they buy 
exclusively. And we have an example: we are executing, I will not name the customer, they 
placed an order three months back, and without our asking, they repeated that order by sending 
an e-mail to us to listen, hey, I’m setting up another project, just please repeat it. So, that’s the 
kind of a behavior we think people are using because the amount of money they are spending 
for their project is so high, they don’t want to compromise on the last component which used to 
be a behavior earlier, but we see a mark shift there and it’s a sweet spot for us. I hope that answers 
you, Mr. Raut. 
Umesh Raut: 
Yes, sir. Very much. Sir, my next question is pertaining to exports and services business. So, if I 
look at our trajectory, I think overall at a Company level, we are doing very good in terms of 
growth, but as a percentage of share in terms of services and exports, that has kind of marginally 
remained same or marginally declined as compared to last CY’22. So, any particular color on 
this front, especially now that you are saying uptick on the renewable side globally and there 
might be a chance of getting better sourcing from parent side as well especially on these lines? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
As far as services are concerned, we are growing well and our exports by percentage may look 
low, but in net terms we are growing 15% there. But since the domestic market is so strong, 
when it moves percentage wise, you will see that the exports and the service look relatively or 
percentages are low, but we have a healthy growth in that area and we are quite happy. Now, as 
a multinational corporation working in India, investing in India, localizing for India, our prime 
focus is Indian market. That’s why we are here and that’s why we want to help the Indian 
customers. And since we have sophisticated factories, I don’t drive the export business, my 
business leaders don’t drive export business. What they drive is they run best-in-class operations 
which are so attractive for our global business leaders that they want to buy from here and serve 
other markets. I think that’s how we treat it. So, we are finding increasing interest from the global 
business leaders who manage other markets, either they are giving the allocation to our factories 
to supply into markets, or they’re even asking our domestic leaders to be responsible for other 
markets. So, we see that this will be a kind of a long-term trend wherein we will have more and 
more participation in global market, but that’s not the focus we have, we have the focus on the 
domestic market, and I believe that’s something which will be very rewarding and is rewarding 
at the moment, and export will be a consequence of it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
In the last four quarters, we have been reporting an order inflow of Rs.3,000 crores around that 
number and the base effect is going to come up from next quarter onwards. So, is it fair to assume 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
that we will continue to grow, but the growth rate won’t be like the 30% growth that what we 
were reporting for the last many quarters? 
T K Sridhar: 
Yes, I think it’s a fair point. So, I think we grew from a smaller base to a more solid base at this 
point of time, which now consists of both base orders as well as large orders. It depends on how 
faster the large orders get decided in the future as well. So, having said that, our focus is basically 
to make sure that our base orders are as strong as what it was in the past. So, that’s how we 
would like to look at it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya Mongia from Kotak Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Mongia: 
I’m kind of picking up a comment that you made earlier about integrated solutions becoming 
more and more relevant. And if I’m not wrong, you had also just announced an order with Tata 
Steel, which is kind of more integrated across their plan. Could you give us a sense of how 
meaningful this, let’s say, a different line of work can become for your positioning inside the 
kind of boost to margins if any that can come from here? 
Sanjeev Sharma: 
As you said, the core sector orders are concerned, we always have good healthy orders from 
here. Even when the CAPEX was not as high, we had very good OPEX orders wherein there’s 
always an expansion or two which keeps happening. But now what we find is that, yes, those 
tick up in certain market segments have started happening and then we are seeing growth in 
these core sectors. They are a good and a large contributor to our orders and we see that as this 
momentum takes place, I think it will meaningfully contribute to the weighted averages we have 
going forward. But you’re right, there is an uptick on the projects business and that’s what we 
have been talking about in many quarter calls that is something is a matter of time, when it picks 
up and starts contributing even more meaningfully. That’s where our mix of products ETO and 
the projects start becoming such that our projects take longer time to execute, but at the same 
time still our 70%, 74% of the volumes or the revenue still comes out of products and the ETO 
business. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
So, I have a question on your online marketplace. So, you’ve been talking it for many quarters 
in the past. So, if you can help us and understand over the last couple of years, how has been the 
ramp up from that in terms of contribution towards revenues, market share gain, etc.,? 
Kiran Dutt: 
I think e-marketplace has been quite good in India now. It’s gaining traction over a period of 
time. If I just compare what it was in 2022 and what it is in 2023, we see a substantial increase 
in the offtake from the customers on the portal. There’s also something known as we call it as 
(ROPO) Research Online and Purchase Offline. I think that has been a game changer for all of 
us. We find that a lot of customers research the product, find the technicality, find out what are 
the specifications and lot of technical data which is available online and they would like to 
purchase offline. So, we allow that to happen and that’s something which we see having a 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
tremendous growth going forward. There is also an important aspect that being digital is actually 
reaching out to many customers across the country. So, that is something on a penetration level 
it is really supporting us. And it is also easy for a customer to connect with ABB because of this 
particular portal. So, we see lot of inputs coming us, lot of leads coming out from this because 
of this portal. So, that’s the way the development is. And we feel that this particular business 
going forward will definitely be at exponential level.  
Sanjeev Arora: 
Thank you, Kiran. I think Kiran, you have touched upon all the important aspects of this piece. 
I would say, this is in a nascent stage and developing, and this would be one of the very important 
revenue streams in times to come and will definitely support the reach and response time what 
customer requires. So, yes, we are very bullish about this piece. 
T K Sridhar: 
But to give you some you know data, because I think you guys require data, so I have more to 
deal with data, right? So, I think out of the total orders what we have, I think only at this point 
of time from an e-commerce as in order stream or revenue stream, I think we are very nascent 
as what Sanjeev was alluding to. So, I think we are just a couple of percentages there. The market 
is yet to catch up on that particular journey. But we expect that this could grow quite fast in the 
periods to come and that’s something which we are investing on at this point of time. And in this 
process we are also making sure that internal processes like our order management system and 
the other-related customer interfaces are also upgraded to talk seamlessly on this particular 
technical solution. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we’ll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to Mr. T K Sridhar for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
T K Sridhar: 
Thank you, Yashasvi, and thank you, everyone for joining this particular call. This being the year 
end and also the last quarter of the result quarter, right, so we thought we should try to answer 
as much as possible so that efforts we also increased the time, right… so we sort of elongated to 
another by 15 minutes in the call. I am hopeful that this could have answered quite a few 
questions of yours. In case if you still have certain things which you need clarification, please 
do feel free to contact us back and we will try our best to revert back to you soon. Thank you 
very much for joining this call once again and looking forward to see you for the AGM wherever 
is possible, which is in May. So, very good and thank you for all the support, all the sort of an 
understanding of what ABB is. So, it has been a great journey for both Sanjeev and me since for 
the last five, six years. And that is also reflected in the confidence with the shareholders have in 
the performance of the organization and the resultant share price. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ABB India, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may 
now disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability) 

 
ABB India Limited 
February 21, 2024 
 
 
Investor / Analyst contact: 
TK Sridhar 
Chief Financial Officer   
sridhar.tk@in.abb.com 
 
Sohini Mookherjea 
Country Communication Manager 
sohini.mookherjea@in.abb.com 
  
Registered & Corporate Office: 
ABB India Limited 
Plot No. 5 & 6, 2nd Stage, 
Peenya Industrial Area IV, Peenya 
Bangalore 560058 
Karnataka 
 
CIN: L32202KA1949PLC032923 
https://new.abb.com/indian-subcontinent 
 
