NEAPS/BSE ONLINE 
19th February, 2024 
The Corporate Relationship Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Building 
Mumbai - 400 001 
(BSE Scrip Code: 542905) 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Plot No. C-1, Block-G 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
(NSE Symbol: HINDWAREAP) 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held on 13th February, 2024 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call 
held on Tuesday, 13th February, 2024 for discussion of the financial results of the Company for 
the third quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023. 
The transcript will also be available on the website of the Company i.e. 
www.hindwarehomes.com.  
You are requested to take the above information on your record. 
For Hindware Home Innovation Limited  
(Formerly known as Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
Payal M Puri 
(Company Secretary and Sr. V. P. Group General Counsel) 
Name:                                  Payal M Puri 
Address:                              301-302, 3rd Floor, Park Centra, Sector-30, Gurugram-122001
Membership No.:            16068 
PAYAL 
M PURI
Digitally signed 
by PAYAL M PURI 
Date: 2024.02.19 
16:16:16 +05'30'

Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHANSHU POKHRIYAL – CEO, BATH BUSINESS  
 
MR. RAJESH PAJNOO – CEO, PIPE BUSINESS  
 
MR. SALIL KAPPOOR – CEO – HINDWARE HOME 
INNOVATION LIMITED 
 
MR. SANDEEP SIKKA – GROUP CFO  
 
MR. NAVEEN MALIK – CFO – HINDWARE HOME 
INNOVATION LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. NIKHIL SHETTY – NUVAMA WEALTH 
 
 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 & 9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call 
of Hindware Home Innovation Limited, hosted by Nuvama Wealth. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, opinions, 
and expectations of the company as on the date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
You are requested to refer to the mention in this regards in the earnings presentation. 
 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nikhil Shetty from Nuvama Wealth. Thank you, and over 
to you, Mr. Shetty. 
Nikhil Shetty: 
Thank you, good afternoon everyone. On behalf of Nuvama Wealth, we are delighted to hold 
the senior management of Hindware Home Innovation Limited. From the management side, we 
have Mr. Sudhanshu Pokhriyal, CEO of Bath Business; Mr. Rajesh Pajnoo, CEO of Pipe 
Business; Mr. Salil Kappoor, CEO of Hindware Home Innovation Limited; Mr. Sandeep Sikka, 
the Group CFO; and Mr. Naveen Malik, CFO of Hindware Home Innovation Limited. 
 
We will start the call with the opening remarks from the management, then we'll move to the 
Q&A session. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Naveen Malik: 
Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Hindware Home Innovation Limited’s 
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Call. 
I would like to provide a brief overview of our company's performance for the quarter, post 
which the business CEOs will share the key highlights of the respective businesses. 
Despite the challenging macro environment, our performance for the quarter and nine months 
has been stable. While demand sentiment across categories and regions has been muted, the 
resilience of our business model and the strength of our brands have enabled us to continue 
delivering value. We are confident that as the market improves, our performance will further 
strengthen. 
Hindware Home Innovation achieved a consolidated revenue of Rs 693 crore, with a 
consolidated EBITDA of Rs 61.3 crore in Q3 FY24. For the nine months ended December 2023, 
our consolidated revenue reached Rs 2,027 crore, while consolidated EBITDA stood at Rs 210 
crore. 
Our strategy for all businesses is to continue building our brands, expanding our reach, 
enhancing our operating and supply chain efficiencies, optimizing working capital, and 
augmenting margins. 
I would like to call Mr. Sudhanshu Pokhriyal to take you through the bath business. Over to you, 
Sudhanshu.  

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Thank you, Naveen. Good afternoon, everyone.  
As you know, demand sentiment remained subdued due to challenges rising out of muted 
demand, inflation, and interest rates. Our Q3 revenues amounted to about INR402 crores, 
reaching INR1,160 crores for nine months. Despite market challenges, profitability and margin 
performance remains resilient with EBITDA at about INR55 crores and EBITDA margin of 
13.6% for quarter three FY24. Margins for the Q3 could have been higher but for the additional 
marketing spend incurred during the quarter. I'll talk more a bit later in my commentary.  
Customer response to our new offerings continues to remain encouraging as reflected in the 
increasing share of new products, which contribute to 24% to our sales in the first nine months 
for FY24. We're actively reducing our dependence on imports, focusing on manufacturing high-
value items at our plants to boost margins and manage inventory levels. Working capital 
management remains a priority for us. 
 
We continue to penetrate new markets, recognize untapped potential in Tier 3 and Tier 4 cities. 
We're actively expanding our distribution network to broaden our reach. Simultaneously, we're 
investing in strengthening our presence in Tier 1 and Tier 2 cities by opening more brand stores.  
Our commitment to enhancing brand visibility remains steadfast. Like I mentioned earlier, we've 
invested in marketing and building on our cricket collaboration, we advertised throughout all 48 
matches in World Cup during quarter three with an overall expenditure of ~INR7 crores plus. 
 
Our working capital efficiency has also shown improvement with a decrease from 122 days in 
Q3 FY23 to 117 days in Q3 FY24.  
Our endeavour continues to be to grow 1.25 times of the market in FY25. Our strategic initiative 
reflect our commitment to growth, innovation and delivering value to customers. With 
diversified offerings, a strong brand and aggressive expansion plan, we aim for profitable growth 
in the current environment. 
I'd like to now hand over the call to Mr. Rajesh Pajnoo to take you all through plastic pipes and 
fitting business. Over to you, Rajesh. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Thank you, Sudhanshu. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us.  
Despite challenges such as sluggish demand and fluctuating raw material prices on a downward 
slide, our quarterly revenue reached at INR174 crores with INR531 crores in nine months FY24. 
Our Q3 EBITDA stood at INR13 crores with a margin of 7.7% and INR45 crores in nine months 
with a margin at 8.5%.  
Margin pressure during the quarter were attributed to reduced realization. We're actively 
exploring measures to reduce our current working capital timeframe, ensuring greater efficiency 
and agility in our operations, while our effective inventory management, maintain control and 
stability.   

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
Our market presence remains strong with CPVC pipes and fittings contributing over 40% to our 
revenue.  
We actively engage with pumping consultants, plumbers, and conduct training sessions for our 
channel partners to strengthen our market presence. Currently, our network includes over 300 
active distributors and approximately 30,000 retailers.  
The construction of our new manufacturing plant in Roorkee, Uttarakhand, is underway, and we 
anticipate its operational launch in December of FY24-25, marking a significant milestone in 
our journey. We are diversifying our product portfolio with our introduction of high value-added 
items commencing with foam core, that is underground drainage, in Q1 FY25. Furthermore, we 
plan to manufacture double wall corrugated pipes and fittings and also fire sprinkler systems 
which will go till Q3 FY25. 
 
In conclusion, Truflo remains committed to market expansion, enhanced brand awareness and 
pursuing profitable growth.  
I would now like to hand over the call to Mr. Salil Kappoor to take you through Consumer 
Appliances and retail businesses. Over to you, Salil. 
Salil Kappoor: 
Thank you, Rajesh. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our Q3 & 
9MFY24 earnings call.  
Consumers businesses have been facing headwinds since at least last two quarters. And in midst 
of this, in Q3, our Consumer Appliances business revenue stood at about INR112 crores with 
nine- month revenue reaching INR314 crores. Our growth was subdued due to muted consumer 
demand and inflationary concerns. 
Our Kitchen Appliance business remains resilient and continues to grow. Our chimneys continue 
their dominance on both the online platforms, Flipkart and Amazon. We are number one on 
Flipkart and number three, reducing the gap with number two, on Amazon. We are actively 
expanding our portfolio in Kitchen Appliances, adding more products doubling down on the 
overall portfolio where we are doing well and capitalizing on our strengths in this segment and 
concurrently, also working to streamline the product portfolio by focusing on select categories 
with the goal of increasing margins. 
 
We have expanded our presence with the introduction of new kitchen galleries nationwide and 
have also boosted our distribution network to capture increasing demand. The setting up of 
several residential apartments is also an opportunity that we are looking at more from the B2B 
perspective.  
Although post festive season experienced destocking, indicating weak consumer sentiment, we 
anticipate a recovery in the premium residential segment over the year. 
 
In conclusion, we are using this macro consumer slowdown, trying to put few things in order. 
There are two themes that we are currently working on. The first one is our rationalization of the 
portfolio, where we are doubling down on the kitchen part where we are doing well. We're also 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
exiting some non-performing and low-performing categories so that we can focus the resources 
on the areas that we are doing well. And the second theme is to put the business hygiene in place 
where cost, both product as well as operational, is under focus. We are putting some corrections 
there and also improving the efficiency on the operational front. 
 
That concludes the opening remarks, and I would like to ask the moderator to open the floor for 
question-and-answer session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
The first question is from the line of Praveen Sahay from Prabhudas Lilladher. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, first question is related to the Bathware segment. And in the Bathware segment, what we 
observed that the peers or even the smaller peers who has ventured out in this business are doing 
far better in terms of the growth. And looking at the nine-month numbers, their growth rate is 
better than ours. So is there a market share shift we are seeing in the Bathware segment? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
We have seen in the last 3-4 years, just about every tile company has got into Bathware segment 
in a notional way. And to the best of our understanding, none of them have achieved any 
significant revenue as of now. The way the market is structured, we already have some network 
and when you placeyour first product into the market, a primary dispatch happens and revenue 
gets booked in the books. 
 
We have seen many companies, when you do initial revenues, you do it on zero volume, so your 
growth look very high. But not many companies have been able to follow up on similar growth. 
So to answer your question, yes, the competition has intensified across sanitaryware and faucet 
business because existing tile brands have come into this business. 
However, we don't believe this business will be a building materials business. We believe this 
business will be a consumer business wherein brands are very important and basis the brand 
consumer buys the product. So I'm sure that we will see consumers coming to the bigger brands 
over a long-term period. 
 
So to answer your question, yes, there is competition. We can't stop competition from happening. 
But yes, have they made a dent? Yes, initially they would have, but we don't believe in a larger 
scheme of things, with larger competition in mind, we have lost any share. We have actually 
performed better than all the other listed peers as well if you look at their last quarter results or 
you know even over the last 8 to 10 quarters, the answers is evident. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Got it. And if any color on the segment like 5.5% of growth in the Bathware, how is 
sanitaryware, how the faucet has done? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. So for us, both our segments are positive. And of course, our faucetware business is actually 
doing far better. It's a low single digit for sanitaryware and double-digit for faucets. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. So double-digit for this quarter and even for nine months? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. This is static. What I'm saying is for the full year only. And in my view, we have seen 
muted demand as seen in the entire category. But if you look at the real estate sector, the real 
estate sector goes through a cycle. 
 
In last two years we saw huge demand for this business, if you will recall, last two years, I mean, 
even our business grew by nearly 35s-39% in the previous two years. This year, we've seen a 
muted demand because of the real estate cycle. 
 
What we see is an early-stage real estate cycle right now and for which demand for our products 
will come in the next financial year. So I personally believe this muted demand will start looking 
clearly positive as we enter the next year when construction gets into a cycle with sanitaryware 
and faucets gets installed. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Sir, next question is related to the pipe business. As I see, our large peers has delivered a very 
good growth of double digit, whereas our number is in the decline on Y-o-Y side, and similarly, 
we had also seen that the EBITDA per kg number has also significantly down for a quarter. So 
what's the way forward? Like are we expected to come in the positive in the coming year. How 
is the volume shaping up? And are we getting impacted more versus large peers? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Okay. You have two parts to your question. One is what you said is the large peers, so it's only 
because almost everybody has reported their balance sheet. So only two companies, if you have 
gone through their transcript, have reported volume growth. The prices are at all-time low. So 
nobody talks about value. 
 
if you see what they have indicated there is all this volume growth, whichever has come from 
new product categories, which have been introduced in the last three to four years only. So the 
categories like underground drainage, double wall corrugated, fire sprinklers, column pipe 
systems and also the volumes have come now on a very higher side from government space, that 
is huge, Jal Jeevan Mission project, which is going on, which is Prime Minister’s Modi Ji's 
dream, Har Ghar Jal, and that's all HDPE pipe. 
 
We are not into that category. We are just four years old into this market. This is our fifth year 
of operation. So when we entered into this market, we entered the plumbing category. This year, 
we'll be coming up in three of out of these four categories. So all these categories have shown 
growth in their volumes, where we are not present right now. Otherwise, if you see, the 
companies have show a decrease in volume. That is one thing. 
 
Second is, we have a vision that, this quarter and then the next year, we will have a volume 
growth. If you see our YTD growth, that's almost around more than 11%. This is similar to all 
the peers. But yes as far as Q3 is concerned, we have degrown by around 4% of volume, and we 
look forward positively to next year where we will be marginally very high as far as our volume 
growth is concerned. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. Any color on the EBITDA per kg because there, we had seen a significant correction. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes. What happened in this industry is if the prices go up, that is the trend, you must be knowing, 
the prices go upwards. Once the resin prices go down, the price also comes down. So in last 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
year, we were exactly in the same position, that is ending of quarter three where the raw material 
prices were at INR 91. Presently, it is INR 76, that is down by around 16%. When this happens, 
your average metric ton realization comes down. So that is the pressure on the net realization. 
We are hopeful that things will be positive in the future and then the realization will come up. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay. So it's largely to do with the realization, which has come down that has impacted. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Absolutely correct, absolutely. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Okay, okay. Got it. And the last question, sir, in the press release or in the presentation, you 
mentioned about the kitchen fitting business. So can you give some color on that? What is the 
industry size, competition and where we are in that segment? 
Salil Kappoor: 
We are exploring the overall portfolio in the kitchen fitting segment. The overall market size is 
about INR7,000 crores to INR8,000 crores. our existing partners are already a well-established 
brand internationally. Though our partners were acquired by the global market leader , but now 
we have clarity in place that we will continue to drive this business in India . 
Our plans are to increase the portfolio, and it's a good margin business and also fixing our overall 
kitchen strategy where we are doing well. 
Praveen Sahay: 
Currently, we are not generating any revenue in this segment. 
Salil Kappoor: 
We are. We are currently generating revenue, though not at a large scale, but we've already tested 
the waters, and it goes well with the brand because of the kitchen and other fittings. And there 
is a market and there is also synergy within the channels. Our existing team can take care of it. 
So therefore, we would like to scale it up going forward. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Utkarsh Nopany from BOB Capital. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Sir, my first question is on the plastic pipe segment. So as you mentioned that we are currently 
expanding our total portfolio range and planning to launch few products in the coming June 
quarter and December quarter. So I wanted a sense from you, going forward, do we expect to 
grow our pipe volume at a better pace than the leading player because our base is pretty low? Or 
do we expect to grow at par or at a lower rate going forward? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes. I'll answer this. See, what has happened in the past when the prices were stabilized, if you 
have seen in the last four years, in fact, percentage wise, at par with worldwide rates of PVC 
resin, we became the largest / fastest growing company in terms of percentage in the segment, 
which we still are. But at the moment, now the pressures from the prices are almost around 16% 
lower than last Q3. 
 
What I said earlier was definitely we will grow, we are looking forward because as I said, this 
year itself, in the first quarter, our underground drainage machines have come, there will be 
trials, we'll apply for BIS licenses. And I think in the next Q1, we will be definitely able to sell 
these products. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
 
And the other two categories which is double wall corrugated, the machines have been already 
ordered. I think, almost around Q3 of FY 2025, we'll be installing these machines, and we will 
have a direct commercial production, and also fire sprinkler systems which are now gaining lot 
of ground, if you have seen recently that the normal conversion from conventional GI piping 
systems is now converting to CPVC piping. 
 
And the department is also giving approval for it. So, by this quarter three of the next year, we 
will be entering into this. So there will be definitely an incremental growth for these products, 
which were not there till now. We definitely assume a positive cadence of around 15% or more 
in the next financial year from the volume growth. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Sir, but on relative basis, wanted a sense from you. Say, whatever may be the market 
condition, are we confident of clocking better volume growth than the leading players? Or we 
feel that because our base has become pretty high, it would be difficult to grow at a better rate? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
We need to clarify this once that the piping sector is a very huge sector. There are around 11 
categories of different products where companies are operating. So if we talk about Supreme 
and Astral, they are into all the 11 categories. We were there into four categories. And we will 
be entering into three categories in year FY25. So we will be into seven categories. 
 
When we talk the comparison about apples to apples, definitely we'll be going at a very high 
speed which we have been doing in the past. But if it comes to the other categories, as I said, the 
Jal Jeevan Mission, that is the HDPE entire area. And as we all know that before elections, this 
is going to get completed. I don't think this will be a big category next year after the first quarter. 
So in totality, if you see we'll definitively be growing. I'm giving you a positive guideline for 
this but when we have to compare an apple to apple. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. Sir, my second question is on the retail segment. So I believe two quarters back, we 
mentioned that retail is not a core focus area for us, and we are evaluating alternative options. 
So have we arrived at some decision about it? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We had a Board meeting yesterday and in-principle, the Board has approved that we should 
aggressively work on all the options relating to this, whether it is an assets held for sale. I think 
you have to bear with us for maybe another quarter or so before we finally take it to the Board 
and get a  final conclusion on this. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Okay. And sir, lastly, on the capex part, can you give the guidance? What is our capex guidance 
for FY24 and FY25? And how much amount we are planning to spend on our Uttarakhand unit 
for our pipe plant? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Okay. It's like till now in Uttarakhand plant, since we have started late because we lost two 
months to heavy excessive rain, we have spent around INR14 crores till now in this current 
financial year. Next year, we intend to spend INR100 crores of investment in Uttarakhand 
because we will be commercially operating this plant by end of December next year. So we will 
be operating with a higher capacity of around 12,500 metric tons per annum. This will again add 
up to the sale. At the moment what is happening is, pipes only for the agricultural or SWR pipes, 
we're not able to sell in these market. We're only able to sell the other products, because we 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
didn't have a manufacturing facility. And as the freight part in pipes is so high, you cannot 
transfer pipes at a larger volume to these places. So once this plant is operational, I’ll come back 
to your question, we definitely have a chance to score better than our competitors. 
Utkarsh Nopany: 
Yes, sir, I was looking for the total capex guidance for FY24 and FY25?  
Sandeep Sikka: 
One  big capex is relating to pipe plant, which is being set up in Roorkee and rest of the major 
capex is towards establishment of market retail outlets. Other than the pipe plant expansion, I 
think we will do CAPEX of around INR60 crores to INR70 crores in terms of the Bathware 
business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Nikhil Gada from Abakkus AMC. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Sir, I just have a couple of questions. Firstly, on the sanitaryware and faucet’s part or just 
Hindware overall, can you give us the A&P spend number for this particular quarter and what it 
was year-over-year and last quarter? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So you want exact sales number? 
Nikhil Gada: 
A&P spend – advertisements and promotion spends. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. So we've spent around INR25-odd crores this quarter, which is about INR9 crores to INR10 
crores higher than on an average what we do, right.  
Nikhil Gada: 
So was it INR15 crores the same period last year, same quarter last year? 
Salil Kappoor: 
I'm talking ballpark numbers,  
Sandeep Sikka: 
And this is primarily on account of the fact that we had two big events in the last quarter, 
especially relating to the World Cup, and Sudhanshu, I would request that if you can talk about 
our efforts. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Like you said, we got an opportunity to make our brand with people around, in 48 matches, one 
of the biggest opportunities of impact property of the quarter, and we took that opportunity. We 
were available across 48 matches in a very widely seen World Cup, nearly 4.5 crores to 5 crores 
people saw our ad for nearly 25 to 30 times in 48 matches. So that's where we spend that money, 
but yes, and I gave you the number as well. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So if we sort of adjust for this, the extra INR10 crores, INR12 crores spend, then we are seeing 
the margins are broadly in line with the run rate that we have seen for the past couple of quarters, 
right? There is no change in product mix is what I'm trying to say. Any adverse product? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Absolutely. We have absolutely no issue and I would also like to bring to your notice that for 
the nine-month period, our EBITDA margins improved by 200 basis points from 13.4% to 
15.4%. If you remember, our guidance in the previous calls have always been about 100 basis 
points improvement. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
 
But on a nine-month basis, even after doing this extra spend in this quarter, we are 200 basis 
point higher. So there is no adverse product mix. There is no margin pressure, in fact, we're on 
track for our localization initiative as well, which is bound to give us further gains as we go 
forward. We've been mentioning in every previous guidance calls as well. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So safe to assume that the 16%, 16.5% run rate would continue from the coming quarters for 
Hindware? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Maybe not 16.5%, but 16% for sure, yes. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. Fair enough. Secondly, sir, on the pipes business, while sir explained about the impact on 
volumes, is it only the realizations have fallen just purely because of the fall in PVC prices? Or 
there's also some product mix angle as well? And just in that the margin part, were there any 
inventory losses as well in this quarter? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
As I said earlier also, purely the resin rate as on December 31 have fallen by 15%. That is from 
INR91 to INR76 and realization PVC has gone down from INR147 to INR125 which is exactly 
15%. As far as last year is concerned, the industry had huge inventory losses, if you recall, and 
we took a cue from that. We have controlled our inventories this year. I can tell you that in this 
quarter only, we have booked an inventory loss of approximately INR1.5 crores, that's all, which 
was very huge last year. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay, okay. So sir, do we expect, we did a commendable margin in the last quarter around 10%, 
11%. So if we assume this sort of a realization run rate to continue, do you think we'll be going 
back to the double-digit margins? Or we also needed a volume spike up to go to those levels? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
You're talking about pipes? 
Nikhil Gada: 
Yes. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
Yes, definitely. See, we are expecting that maybe around by March or something, we cannot 
give the guideline. But definitely, there will be a correction in the prices. So once that happens, 
automatically, your per metric tonne realizations goes up. That is one part. At the same time, 
when we are talking that we will enter into different categories next year, there will be an 
incremental growth which will come from those categories. And all those categories, since they 
are new into the Indian market, if you understand because there will be only four or five players 
who will be manufacturing, in fact only 3 players that is manufacturing in this category. So the 
GP margin of those products is on a higher side. We will definitely realize a better EBITDA in 
future. 
Nikhil Gada: 
Got it. Sir, my next question is on the consumer part of the business. When do we see this 
business once again going to breakeven levels at EBITDA? We have seen a significant amount 
of time where the growth has also not come, and also the margins have sort of dwindled away. 
I understand the overall demand environment, but can you give some estimates by when can we 
see breakeven coming in this business? And what kind of growth do we expect in this business 
in the next couple of years? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Salil Kappoor: 
As I said earlier, we're working on some rationalization of portfolio and also correcting some 
things on the cost front, both operational and on the product side. These initiatives should lead 
to us getting to the positive EBITDA in a couple of quarters. As far as growth is concerned, we 
want to focus and double down on the kitchen area, where we are doing well both in online and 
offline now and we want to expand it further. And this should give us good growth going 
forward. And we will reduce our dependence and also exit certain categories which have not 
been doing well. That might have a temporary effect on the growth, but in the long run, focusing 
on the kitchen is the right strategy that we want to follow, and that is how we have planned. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So if I understand what you mentioned, so in the next couple of quarters, we see EBITDA 
breakeven and the product rationalization should also get over in this next couple of quarters?  
Salil Kappoor: 
Yes, yes. It should get over within the next couple of quarters.  
Nikhil Gada: 
Okay. Sir, just one last question, especially for Sandeep ji. Sir, we look at now the nine- month 
net debt numbers, we are now closing INR1,000 crores, and we were planning to bring this debt 
levels down. Definitely, it has gone the other way. So any realistic number in terms of when do 
we see this debt level or any sizable correction in this debt numbers because even on the working 
capital part as well, we are not seeing any major improvement across categories? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We had given a sort of a statement at the start of the year that we should be able to run off the 
debt by about odd INR100 crores with the profits which we are earning. The whole market 
momentum has not moved the way we have planned the growth numbers are muted. But in terms 
of our EBITDA margin protection, I think we have been able to demonstrate it on the Bathware 
side. 
 
I think give us another two quarters, we should be able to demonstrate on what we talked about 
because there is no other exit of the money. Whatever is Hindware earning, actually its being 
deployed towards reduction of the debt only. What I think our investors should bear with us for 
another quarter or so. Once the market momentum starts growing, the inventory liquidation will 
also start happening fast. 
 
Definitely, there has been some increase in the debt on account of the incremental capex, which 
is relating to the pipes because it's very critical. Rajesh has already spoken about it that pipe 
business, we are not looking at what we are in the pipe business today. We are looking at a very 
aggressive pipe business doing almost INR2,000 crores plus in the next five years for which we 
will require some sort of an investment because it's not a business wherein outsourcing can 
happen. Rajesh has spoken about entering into newer categories around the core product. We 
feel, give us one or two quarters, I think some level of debt should come down, but most of the 
debt which we are now contracting is for a long-term growth. Had we not taken  Roorkee plant, 
then that quantum of money would have definitely come down also. 
Nikhil Gada: 
So I understand, sir. But then at least the working capital is something which you see. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I'm saying once the whole market momentum because some of the inventories are contracted in 
anticipation of growth. We were expecting Q3FY24 to be shown growth because generally it is 
a season when demand picks up. Q4FY24 are showing some good signs. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
 
I think Q1, Q2 because we have seen historically, like whenever you have a muted period, after 
which, you get a good growth because some of the things, some of the investments which 
ordinary consumers have not made, then all of a sudden, it starts increasing. So we are bullish 
and forget about all these one or two quarters, wherein we have this muted growth. We are fairly 
bullish on the long-term growth. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anish Jindal from Dolat Capital. 
Anish Jindal: 
Yes, so my question is for the tiles division, what is the price of natural gas sourced from Gujarat 
Gas at Morbi? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
We procure tiles from Morbi.We do not have a plant in Morbi right now. So I won't be able to 
tell you exact pricing of natural gas from Morbi. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chirag Fialoke from Ratnatraya Capital. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
My first question is on the retail business. I understand that the guidance is that we are trying to 
sort of come to a conclusion on that business, but for the first three quarters, we've cumulatively 
had a loss of INR9 crores on that side, whereas the last whole year was just, I think, INR1-odd 
crores. So I just wanted to understand, is this, are we trying something there, which is why we 
are trying to sort of increase the investments on the opex side, or can you just give us a little bit 
more colour there? How much more do we expect to sort of lose on that business this year? 
Salil Kappoor: 
The overall sales have come down. We haven't expanded the franchising network. And since the 
fixed costs have been always there, and there was no growth, there has been an impact, or a 
negative impact on the bottom line. But as we said now that we've already got the clearance, and 
we will be moving ahead in that direction. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Understood. So it was just fixed costs and the revenue going down, that's all we see, that's the 
only impact. There's nothing new that we are trying there. 
Salil Kappoor: 
Yes, yes. There's nothing new. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
Okay. Understood. My second question is on the sanitaryware component of the Building 
Products Division. Sequentially, there has been a little bit of a margin compression there also. 
Is that largely attributable to the incremental advertising costs? Or is there anything else, not on 
the pipe, just on the sanitaryware? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. So like I answered in the previous question, yes, that's purely on account for the advertising 
expense which we did. We shared the numbers. We nearly have 200 basis point impact because 
of the money we spend on advertising. 
Chirag Fialoke: 
And a lot of that can be just attributed to only sanitaryware. Is that because you'll obviously sort 
of bifurcate those costs across divisions, but for sanitaryware itself, that the component was 
almost 200-plus basis points. 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes, it is, I mean we're talking about sanitary, faucet and tiles business combined together, that's 
what we call BPD. That's purely on account of BPD, yes. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
Chirag Fialoke: 
But not including the pipes because the pipes has sort of another impact, right?  
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Not including the pipes. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rusmik Oza from 9 Rays Equi research. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Sir, my question was actually on the broader thing because in the first nine months, on a 
consolidated basis, we've done INR91 crores PBT in the Bathware business, but overall consol 
PBT is INR30 crores. Actually, we're losing some INR61 crores in the other businesses. So I 
guess the question was, we had around INR32 crores loss in the Consumer Appliance business 
also in the nine months. So any internal guidance or aim you have, what kind of ideal EBITDA 
margins and net margins you are aiming for in the, one, pipe business, and two, in the consumer 
appliances? Because as a shareholder, if I look at it on a INR2,000 crores revenue, our net margin 
is only 1.5%. So how do we move up this goal of EBITDA margin and net margin going 
forward? This is my concern and question. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
First, let me answer on the pipe. So there are a number of initiatives which are on the pipes 
business. The fixed cost structure for pipes is still high. The pipes team is working on 
rationalization of certain costs. And as the volume builds up, certain costs relating to the 
production will come down. And also relating to the fixed cost of the business, things like the 
manpower cost will also get rationalized over a period of time. There, we have already given a 
double-digit 10% to 12% EBITDA coming through in the next 18, 24 months with all the 
investments which we are doing. 
 
On the consumer side, I feel another two or three quarters will be required in terms of 
rationalizing the whole things, and we should be back to the market the way we were around 1.5 
years back. Right now, this business is facing an extreme headwind not only for us, when you 
see the competitors and the peers also, a similar sort of numbers are coming from there also. But 
good part is that we have a core kitchen business today, which is now the focus area. And we 
are working on a strategy. given the fact that we are in this business for almost eight years now 
and we are charting the path that in next three quarters or we should make it a profitable business. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Sir, just a follow-up on the same question. Sir, I assume you go to a double-digit, 10%, 12% 
EBITDA margin in the pipes, rationalize your Consumer Appliances business and try and 
improvise over there and as you all are taking initiatives to reduce the losses in the retail side. 
Any guidance you can give maybe the steady-state FY25 if things have seen normalized, then 
what kind of consolidated EBITDA margins and net margins you can look for or aim for going 
forward? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
We avoid giving short term trend. But historically, we have given those long-term trends. If you 
see it on a combined basis both the entities together over the next 24 months, we should be in 
the range of around 13% to 14%.. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Okay. And obviously, you said about the net debt also, but maybe on 24 months, if you can just 
similarly give us a guidance at what kind of net debt are you comfortable with going forward? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
Sandeep Sikka: 
With all the margins which we're earning other than the capex which we have announced, 
everything goes towards the debt reduction. I think from our side, we have built a robust business 
model. We have the first-mover advantage. The rest of the players are now experimenting in the 
market in terms of expanding the horizon for the brand. We feel that we should be able to 
continue our growth trajectory somewhere in the range of 15% to 17%. And EBITDA margin 
expansion I've given. And what I'm talking is not immediate quarters, but I'm talking a trajectory 
of say 2 to 3 years CAGR. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Okay. And my last question, sir, cumulative, till date, what kind of investments we've done in 
the pipes, plastic pipes and fitting business till date? And going forward, what kind of further 
investments, I think Uttarakhand plant is there. If you can give us a little bit of, cumulative, by 
the end of next 24 months, what will be our total investments in the pipe business? And what 
kind of revenue potential can pipe business give by the next 24 months? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
At our Hyderabad plant, we would have spent around, almost INR350 crores. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
This financial year, we have spent almost around INR34 crores in Hyderabad and INR14 crores 
in Roorkee. And next year, we are planning to spend around INR100 crores in Uttarakhand, that 
is the Roorkee plant, wherein we'll be getting an additional capacity of approximately 13,000 
metric tons. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
So Rajesh, your question was what is the total investment in pipes at Hyderabad till now? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
You are talking about the cumulative. I didn't hear your question.  
Rusmik Oza: 
Sir, I wanted to understand till date in the last five years, what is the cumulative investments you 
have put into the pipes? 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
It's around INR340 crores. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
It's not only linked to Hyderabad plant and the plant in the Roorkee. We may have to entail 
further smaller plants for the pipes in the west or in east going forward, which the Board has not 
approved today, but this is a broader plan. We are going to have a pan-India pipes business. 
Fittings we can continue from the Hyderabad plant. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Yes. And a small clarification, sir. You had mentioned in between that you want to aim for the 
INR2,000 crores plus revenue in pipes business. By when can we achieve this figure of 
INR2,000 crores, sir? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
This is a plan over the next 5 years. 
Rusmik Oza: 
Next five years. Okay. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tushar Raghatate from Kamayakya Wealth Management. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, on the investor presentation, you have mentioned that in Consumer Appliance business, like 
we have 180 exclusive brand stores. So in which region of India is that? 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
Salil Kappoor: 
We are spread all over the country with more concentration in north and east, moderate in west 
and a little lower in south, but we are across India, and we are also focusing on the larger cities 
during this expansion. Because we feel that the growth is going to come from select clusters all 
over the country, considering there has been a significant urbanization, which is already 
underway, and will also be a source that will drive the businesses in coming years. Keeping all 
that background in mind, we are driving our future growth of galleries, which further strengthen 
our visibility as well as retail presence of the kitchen business which is our core engine. So we 
will be doing this more in the cities and in Tier 2 and as I said, current presence is more in north 
and east, moderate in west and a little lower in south. I hope I have answered your question. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Fair enough. Sir, in terms of percentage of sales contribution from Tier 3, Tier 2 and Tier 1, what 
would that be? 
Salil Kappoor: 
It is much higher from Tier 1. So, around 40% to 45% from Tier 1, 30% to 35% from Tier 2 and 
the rest from Tier 3. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
And sir, you online-offline mix would be? 
Salil Kappoor: 
Depends on businesses. In kitchen, we are about 35% to 37% online, and in our home appliance 
business, which is air coolers, we are almost about 45% to 50%. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Sir, your kitchen appliances business contribute what percentage of total Consumer Appliance 
business? 
Salil Kappoor: 
60% to 65%. 
Tushar Raghatate: 
Just water heater business, what would that be? 
Sandeep Sikka: 
That is a JV company actually. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshil Jhaveri from Crown Capital. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So a lot of my questions have been answered. So just wanted to just get a broad understanding 
of the market in the Bathware segment right now. You had a muted year right now. But has the 
overall market degrown and we have grown, what is kind of market story that we can see play 
out for FY25? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. You're asking me to project the future, so I'll sort of go with my view. I think what has 
happened in this previous year is that a lot of projects which kind of got held up during COVID 
and got impacted, in FY21 and FY22, got completed in FY23. We saw huge buoyancy in the 
market. And immediately after this, there was a period there were no launches as for the real 
estate market. And those launches, is what was supposed to get fructified in FY24, which got 
delayed quite a lot. In my view, we can see a lot of launches right now, but for them to really 
start using our products, and to actually buying them, it actually got delayed. So what I believe 
is in FY25, we'll see a huge buoyancy in the market. So that's one definite aspect of market 
demand, which is going to happen. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
The other thing is that if you look at its segment-wise, we've also seen a huge buoyancy also in 
the upper part of the segment, like in terms of premium luxury kind of market. While the 
affordable housing, it has got impacted because of inflation itself in the market. There is a 
correction which is happening in the overall market structure in terms of what is affordable, what 
is mid-premium, what is premium, what is luxury. So this entire change is something which is 
happening right now. And because of the new launches getting delayed, there will definitely be 
an upswing in the demand as we go forward. 
 
In the short term, you may see some impact because of the general elections because our markets 
are still cash based markets, and during general elections, there is generally a reduction in terms 
of committed expenses around renovation, interiors, and everything. But what we believe is that 
the post-general election, we will see a huge buoyancy in the market coming back, which is very 
evident in terms of the way the real estate market is structured. 
 
Additionally, I think from a company perspective, we are extremely committed towards our cost 
reduction. So, like I mentioned in the previous question, we've got a nearly 200 basis point 
improvement in our margins. And we expect that we will take out another INR25-odd crore in 
the coming two, three quarters, which is basically come out of our fixed cost, which is definitely 
going to boost our bottom line as we go forward. So honestly, from my perspective, I see an 
extremely positive market sentiment as we go forward, be it on the top line, be it on the way the 
margins are structured right now. I hope I've answered your question. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
Yes, sir. So that helps a lot, sir. So even conservatively, we can see growth in the teens for sure, 
even if it maybe a bit lag coming in quarter 1. So is that a fair assumption that not a perfect win 
but teens to mid-teens seems fair, sir? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
I cannot give you any specific number in terms of the teens and mid-teens. We've always 
maintained, we'll grow 1.25 to 1.5x the market. And I believe that on a long-term basis, the 
market has grown. If you look at eight years CAGR, market has grown at anywhere between 8% 
to 10%. So yes, your numbers could be close to that or even better. In my view, it will be better 
because we believe we have gained share substantially in the last three years.  We believe that 
our performance will continue.  
Sandeep Sikka: 
As the market moves upward, I think there are two, three very key levers, which should boost 
our margins. One is definitely this year; we have been able to enhance our margins despite a 
very sluggish growth on the top line. Once we get a boost on the top line, the entire operating 
leverage starts coming.. Sudhanshu has already spoken that, we are looking at various cost 
reductions, including manpower costs and other costs, wherein we should save around INR20 
crores, INR25 crores on annualized basis which will be implemented in the next one or two 
quarters, the impact of this alone can be in the range of 1% to 1.5% on the overall margin, plus 
the in-sourcing, which is another initiative which we are doing. We are trying to reduce cost and 
we're trying to insource more. So that also will give a boost. So there are a number of initiatives 
which are focused either on the growth or on the cost reduction or margin expansions. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
So just wanted to ask, one, in terms of marketing, so this year, we spend good on marketing, but 
I think another World Cup is coming in. So what was the marketing budget for FY24 and will it 
be on similar lines on FY25 because more events are also coming up? 
Sudhanshu Pokhriyal: 
Yes. So we set about anywhere between 3.75% to 4% of our revenue on the marketing side. And 
the decision is based on the opportunity and the situation at that point in time. So quarter three 
being festive season, the World Cup happening in India gave us an opportunity of a very different 
nature. While the World Cup coming up in June, immediately after IPL, which we already 
sponsor, may not be a great opportunity also because World Cup is happening in America, right. 
So the decision making is not only basis that Cricket and World Cup will we advertise. It depends 
on so many other things. If I'm already doing a spend on IPL, which is preceding the World Cup 
and which I did last year as well, so I may not participate in this year's World Cup, the T20 
World Cup which is happening in U.S. and not in India. So these decisions will happen very 
differently. So to answer your question, we spent about 4% on brand building. We will continue 
to spend that. Ideally, I would love to spend more, but at this point in time, as a strategic call, 
we've kept it at 4%. We believe this business is a consumer business and not a building material 
business. You can't compare it with cement business or other so-called building material 
business. This is a branded business. So I would actually love to spend more than 4% of this 
business, but currently, to answer to your question, we spent about 4% which is our budgeted 
marketing spend. 
Darshil Jhaveri: 
That helps me a lot. So it gives me great clarity. And sir, just like last one, in our piping business, 
we are saying we have some higher fixed cost and manpower cost, which might get rationalized. 
But if I could turn in terms of utilizing, we are, I think, around 75% utilization, correct, sir, with 
our sales volume on our capacity. So like, how would be the delta between getting our operating 
leverage for better margins in pipes? That's just what I wanted to know. 
Rajesh Pajnoo: 
The one you are talking about realization and that is better margins in terms of our products as 
well as the capacity utilization. If you see, we reportedly as of YTD, we are at around 78% 
capacity utilization, and even we have gone till around 85% in the last quarter. We are focusing 
more; the capacity will remain the same. We are in the process of adding up capacity. The 
industry runs at 65% average of capacity utilization because of the various moulds and prices 
being run on lesser number of operations. That is how this industry runs. As far as the margins 
are concerned, Mr. Sikka was already telling you we are working on it. If you see we are focusing 
more into the whole system, that is why the fixed cost work because the people who handle all 
these products go up. We are definitely sure once we process and the rates come up, these 
employee cost are going to come down. Mr. Sikka has given a guidance that in the next couple 
of years, we should be definitely bringing our employee costs by around 2%. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sandeep Sikka: 
I thank everybody who has joined in the call today. I hope we would have been able to answer 
most of your questions both on the market margins for each of the business segments. If still any 
questions are there, we'll be happy to take any further questions. Thanks again for joining us on 
the call. 

 
Hindware Home Innovation Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
Notes: 
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings. 
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference. 
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Hindware Home Innovation Limited (formerly Somany Home Innovation Limited) 
 
