 
 
 
 
 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE 
 
GRANULES INDIA LTD., 2nd Floor, 3rd Block, My Home Hub, 
Madhapur, Hyderabad – 500 081, Telangana, INDIA. 
Tel: +91 40 69043500, Fax: +91 40 23115145, mail@granulesindia.com, www.granulesindia.com 
CIN: L24110TG1991PLC012471  
 
 
Date: January 25, 2024  
To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
BSE Limited  
Symbol: NSE: GRANULES: BSE: 532482  
 
Dear Sir,  
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference call for Q3 of FY24. 
Ref: Our letter dated 11.01.2024 for intimation of the schedule of the Earnings Conference 
call for Q3 of FY24. 
Pursuant to regulation 46 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company for Q3 of 
FY24 is enclosed with this letter and has been uploaded on the website of the Company at the 
below-mentioned link:  
https://granulesindia.com/investors/investor-resources/earnings-call-transcripts/    
 Kindly take the above information on record. 
For GRANULES INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
CHAITANYA TUMMALA  
(COMPANY SECRETARY &  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER) 
 
 
CHAITANYA 
TUMMALA
Digitally signed by CHAITANYA TUMMALA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=1722, 
pseudonym=5a1421da00444714ae97e87640a0419e, 
2.5.4.20=f7feec72a52be0b16d0827d9d73aa615bad953
8180242f5bb3efe11f1a5fd10d, postalCode=500013, 
st=TELANGANA, 
serialNumber=ae6c5085a4c307805711d3f1ab8a1ff2da4
8346a26aa5fe898e52ec0775c3c69, cn=CHAITANYA 
TUMMALA 
Date: 2024.01.25 15:08:11 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Granules India Limited Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. KRISHNA PRASAD CHIGURUPATI – CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR 
DR. K.V.S RAM RAO – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MS. PRIYANKA CHIGURUPATI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR  
MR. MUKESH SURANA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. PUNEET VARSHNEY – HEAD INVESTOR 
RELATIONS & GM FINANCE 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL PTY LTD. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Granules India Limited Q3 and 9 months FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" and then "0" on your touch-
tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan Raeen from Orient Capital. Over to you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
On behalf of Granules India Limited, I extend a very warm welcome to all participants on Q3 
and 9 months FY24 Financial Results Discussion Call. 
Today on our call, we have Dr. Krishna Prasad sir – Chairman and Managing Director; Dr. 
K.V.S. Ram Rao sir – Joint Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer; Ms. Priyanka 
ma'am – Executive Director (GPI & GUSA); Mr. Mukesh Surana – Chief Financial Officer; and 
Mr. Puneet – Head (Investor Relations) & GM (Finance). 
Before beginning with this call, I would like to give a short disclaimer: 
This call may contain some of the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon 
our beliefs, opinions, and expectations as of today. These statements are not a guarantee of our 
future performance and involve unforeseen risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would have to hand over the call to Krishna Prasad sir for his opening remarks. Over 
to you, sir. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Thank you, Irfan. A very good evening to all of you, ladies and gentlemen. And thank you very 
much for attending our Q3 Earnings Call today. 
A detailed presentation of our Q3 FY24 performance has been uploaded on our website. And 
I'm sure all of you must have gone through it by now. 
We had a stable Q3 after the IT incident had an impact on our previous 2 quarters' performance. 
Our Finished Dosage contribution during the quarter had increased to 66% resulting in an 
improved VA of 57% and improved EBITDA of 21.7% for the quarter. Our operating cash flow 
for Q3 stood at Rs.188 crores, driven by better collections and an improved EBITDA margin. 
Our operational expenditure is higher compared to the previous year, driven by higher manpower 
cost, which is built for higher revenue and growth. 
We expect the Formulation segment to drive the volume growth in the short-to-near term, 
primarily in North America and Europe. We are gearing up our Finished Dosage capacity to 
cater to this incremental demand. The construction of the new Formulation facility at Genome 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
Valley as part of Granules Life Sciences is progressing at a good pace. This plant when fully 
completed will add another 8 billion dosages to our Finished Dosage capacity. 
We inaugurated the pilot plant at this site in the month of November 2023. In addition to new 
filings, commercial supply of monograph tablets is expected to start in Q2 FY25 which will 
gradually be ramped up during the coming year to go up to 2.5 billion capacities in the first 
phase. We expect the second phase to be completed by Q3. 
During the quarter, we received approvals for 3 ANDAs from US FDA and 1 EU approval. 
Launches of these and a few previously approved products were delayed, and we expect to catch 
up in the next few quarters. During this quarter, we filed 2 ANDAs for the US. As of today, we 
have 62 approved and tentatively approved US ANDAs; 8 European dossiers, two in the UK, 
six in Canada, and three in other geographies – a total of 75 dossiers approved and 21 global 
dossiers to be approved. We have a total of 36 US DMFs, 24 CEPs, 5 EDMFs, 9 KDMFs, 5 
Canadian DMFs, 5 Chinese DMFs, 2 Japanese DMFs, and over 50 filed across several regions. 
We are anticipating a higher number of ANDAs filing during Q4 FY24 and accordingly a higher 
R&D outlay. 
At Granules India Limited, sustainability is a core element of our DNA. We are committed to 
healing lives sustainably through pioneering green science. I am happy to share that Granules 
India Limited has been honored with the prestigious Economic Times RE-Pharma Award for 
Excellence in contribution towards sustainability. This recognition is not just an honor but a 
significant motivator bolstering our confidence to continue our journey with conviction. At 
CZRO, a green pharma initiative, we are focusing on strengthening our core business for 
backward integration of paracetamol and metformin in a sustainable manner. In the first phase 
at Vizag, we are putting up a pilot plant for DCDA and commercial production of PAP. The 
DCDA plant at Vizag with a capacity of 108 tonnes per annum is expected to start by Q4 FY24. 
The PAP plant at Vizag with 10,000 tonne capacity is expected to be completed by the end of 
FY25. The project work at the main Kakinada plant is expected to start in FY25. 
Over the past 2 years of organizational transformation, we have strengthened the organization 
and the leadership at R&D, operations, and other functions. The focus now turns to further 
strengthening the sales & marketing organization. I am pleased to announce the joining of Mr. 
David Gonzalez as CMO of B2B business. David joins us from Polpharma, and he has been 
previously associated with Teva and Glenmark Life Sciences in global roles. Most importantly, 
we have also strengthened our board by inducting Mr. Sethurathnam Ravi as Independent 
Director. Mr. Ravi was and is on boards of many prestigious companies in the public and private 
sectors in various capacities including Chairman in some of them. We have also inducted Ms. 
Priyanka Chigurupati as Executive Director. Priyanka will be responsible for global marketing, 
portfolio, and new product launches. 
With this, ladies and gentlemen, I hand over the call to Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao: 
Good evening everyone. As briefed in my last couple of conversations, there is a paradigm shift 
in the management of portfolio of new products from the traditional Para 2 filing, the company 
has shifted its focus to Para 3 and Para 4 filings. The shift in focus is followed by strengthening 
of portfolio teams, R&D teams, and technology transfer teams to enable smooth integration and 
filings of the products. The new portfolio of the organization is aimed at not only oral solids but 
also other dosage forms, leveraging the capability of Granules' technological capabilities in API 
and formulations. Significant progress has happened on these dosage forms, and we expect to 
file new dosage form ANDAs in the next financial year. The mix of portfolio includes launch 
on approval, Day 181, first to launch, and NCE-1 products. Most of these products are in the 
area of non-oncology. 
Granules has built excellent infrastructure in APIs and formulations in oncology at our Vizag 
facility. We have started building a very strong portfolio of oncology products. The dosage forms 
of oncology products include oral solids and others. The portfolio, again, is focused on Day 1, 
NCE-1, and first-to-launch products. The approach here is also global product development. 
This should enable us to leverage our infrastructural and R&D capabilities and build a very 
strong oncology pipeline for the organization. This strategic shift in portfolio has led us to build 
platforms around the strength of Granules and the global product development should enable us 
to become a strong player in most of the chosen geographies including the US. 
I'm happy to say that this year, we will have double-digit filing of DMFs and ANDAs including 
Quarter 4, the progress demonstrates our commitment in execution of our strategy. This is going 
to increase the R&D spend in Quarter 4. Yet another significant aspect of strategy is to focus on 
sustainable new technologies. The technology development team has made significant progress 
on application of biocatalysis. Two products have completed the pilot scale and commercial 
production plants are under preparation, and the 3rd molecule has done the optimization in the 
lab and we are planning to commercialize the product. 
Global cost leadership has been one of the strategic levers identified by the organization. While 
the backward integration from CZRO will give us leadership for paracetamol and metformin, 
we have started our work on additional 10 products which are critical for the organization in 
terms of both profit optimization and protecting market share in geographies of interest. The 
program is expected to bring in the desired results a year from now. With global product 
development as the chosen portfolio in oncology and non-oncology products, we have now 
embarked on a commercial excellence program. This program will serve as a catalyst for our 
business growth and business building in both new and existing commercial portfolios across 
the chosen geographies. To accomplish this, we have recently appointed a new Chief of Sales & 
Marketing as explained by the Chairman earlier. 
We are also actively reinforcing our commercial team to ensure we have the necessary talent 
and expertise to expand in these chosen geographies. This also includes our capabilities in 
regulatory filings and addressing the nuances of regulatory requirements across the geographies 
to enable smooth market entry and long-term success. This leadership capability building, 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
excellence in our commercial processes, and customer centricity will be instrumental in the 
success of this program. This should result in larger market opportunities and drive profitability 
and growth for the organization. 
With this, I hand it over to Mukesh, CFO. 
Mukesh Surana: 
Let me take you all through the top financial parameters now. 
Revenue: 
The 3rd quarter revenues were Rs. 11,556 million as compared to Rs. 11,461 million in Q3 
FY23, a growth of 1% in value terms. Sales in the US region grew well, led by both existing and 
new products. Revenue declined by 3% as compared to Q2 FY24. The sales breakup as per 
business division and the geographic division are presented in our investor presentation which 
is available on the website. You can see that the focus on Formulation sales has increased 
resulting in the momentum shifting from API and PFI to Formulations. 
Value Added: 
Our value added as a percentage of sales for Q3 FY24 was 57% as compared to 48.4% in Q3 
FY23. The value-added percentage as compared to Q3 FY23 has increased by 8.6% points, 
primarily on account of better product mix - increase in sales of formulations. Price erosions 
were more than offset by the reduction in prices of key raw materials. The value added as a 
percentage of sales for Q3 FY24 is up by 5.3% points from Q2 FY24 as well, primarily on 
account of better product mix - increase in sales of formulations coupled with the reduction in 
rates and prices of key raw materials. 
EBITDA and EBITDA margin: 
EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 2,505 million which is 21.7% of sales as compared to Rs. 2,313 
million, 20.2% of sales in Q3 FY23, a value growth of 8% over the previous year primarily on 
account of better product mix. EBITDA for Q3 FY24 is up by 3.8% points from Q2 FY24 with 
a value growth of 18%, primarily on account of better product mix - increase in sales of 
formulations, coupled with reduction in price of key raw materials. 
R&D: 
Our R&D spend for the quarter was Rs. 468 million as compared to Rs. 229 million in Q3 FY23 
and Rs. 496 million in Q2 FY24. We are going to continue to spend on R&D in the coming 
quarters as well. 
 
 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Net Debt: 
Our net debt was Rs. 9,285 million as compared to Rs. 7,671 million at the beginning of the 
year. The net debt has increased by Rs. 1,614 million, primarily on account of reduction in 
operating cash flow. Net debt has decreased by Rs. 610 million from September 2023, primarily 
on account of improvement in operating cash flow in Q3. 
Cash to Cash Cycle: 
Our cash-to-cash cycle was 162 days in the current quarter as compared to 132 days at the 
beginning of the year and 162 days in the previous quarter. 
Operational Cash Flow: 
Operational cash flow for the quarter was Rs. 1,880 million as compared to Rs. 329 million in 
Q2 FY24. Higher EBITDA and improved cash realization from receivables resulted in higher 
operating cash flow.  
Capex spent during the year was Rs. 1,047 million. 
ROCE: 
ROCE for Q3 FY24 is 15.3% as compared to 12.9% in Q2 FY24, primarily on account of 
increase in EBITDA due to the reasons stated earlier. 
With this, I open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal Financial Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, just on this DCDA, now that plant is expected to start in Q4 FY24, so effectively stabilization 
and then meaningful contribution to profitability when should we start expecting? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Tushar, like I said in my remarks, the pilot plant from where we would be doing filings and also 
site transfers has already been inaugurated. Work is going on on the filings. Meanwhile, in the 
same block in another floor, we are putting up some compression machines and coating 
machines where we will be doing monograph products for the US, which doesn't need an FDA 
inspection to start with; they'll come later. Meanwhile, when we do new product filing and also 
site transfers, the FDA will come to inspect us even before the main block is ready. Once they 
inspect this pilot plant where there is some product running, the site is approved and then we are 
ready to go which will be in Q3-Q4 of next fiscal. We can straightaway start production. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
Meanwhile, we will also look for expediting the European approval. So, rather than waiting for 
1.5 to 2 years applying after the site starts, we are applying for an FDA approval from the pilot 
plant itself and also some production will happen there from Q2 of next fiscal – Q2 or end of 
Q1. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
This is to do with DCDA, right? Not the FDA? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
DCDA pilot plant trial runs will start in March of this quarter. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, effectively, the commercial meaningful benefit will start hitting…. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
The commercial, again after the pilot plant run, we will have to possibly modify the main 
equipment a little bit if required and then erection and all that will go into FY26, Tushar. PAP 
will start in '25 but this will go into '26. That will happen in the big site in Kakinada with 
renewable power. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Sir, the LATAM business with this inventory in the channel, is largely that correction done or 
you can expect some more in the coming quarters? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
It's a mix of inventory correction and also some of our important customers have lost certain 
government tenders. So, I'm not sure it will come back to normal, but it will definitely improve. 
And as of today, we are a little tight on capacity. In case we don't have too much PFI from 
LATAM, we will make it up for PFI from some other market. That's not a big issue. That's not 
going to hit us too bad. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Likewise, paracetamol as a product given that this quarter was not great as far as paracetamol in 
Europe is concerned, but how to think about it in the coming quarters? 
Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao: 
I think our paracetamol, again, the inventory which have been built up by our customers, include 
Europe, and as we see and move into Quarter 4 and Quarter 1, I think the inventory levels are 
expected to come down, and then will start picking up the business in Europe for paracetamol. 
The trend will continue for some time in Quarter 4 because we bounced back to normalcy. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Basically, there has also been a sale price decrease in paracetamol. So, when you look at revenue 
numbers, they will come down, but the margins are intact since raw material prices also have 
come down. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Lastly, the metoprolol, when do you expect it to launch in the US? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
It's on the sea, delayed by the ship going around the cape. Once it reaches, I think they will start. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions. This recent dichotomy seen in your performance in your US and ex-
US business; while I understand the situation with LATAM and the general trend of raw material 
prices going down, I just wanted to get a sense on your comment on both US as well as ex-US 
business. In the US, if you could give us a sense on how your volume has grown this quarter and 
some of the key products that have contributed to that? And similarly, if you could give us a 
sense on what really has happened in Europe and ROW business, maybe some commentary on 
the volumes there. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Actually, the US Finished Dosage business has grown and continues to grow, mainly driven by 
new products made from India and also products made at our US facility. The controlled 
substances business is growing and some of our new launches are also contributing. And as we 
launch a few more products, the revenues of FDs in the US are going to increase. Europe was 
mainly a paracetamol driven market and especially API. So, we had the sale price reduction in 
paracetamol and that's why the revenues have come down. And while volumes will be there, the 
revenue will definitely not catch up to the old level where after COVID, the prices were very 
high. I don't expect the price to go there. However, our formulations that we are launching in 
Europe are going to drive the growth in this region, and we see a steady increase in Europe too. 
So, while the US will be doing better than Europe in the short term, like I say 1 year or 1.5 years, 
after that, the growth rate in both geographies should sort of be equalized. LATAM, we are now 
trying to get into Finished Dosages in LATAM and it's going to take some time. While it will 
improve as a percentage of revenue, I don't think it will go back to those old levels because the 
US and Europe are growing very fast, and as a percentage, LATAM will continue to be low. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a follow-up; if I look at your dossier filings for Europe, right from June 2021 till December 
2023, almost 2-1/2 years, the number has moved up from, say, 5 total filings to about 9 filings. 
How should we see this? Should the intensity or the speed of these filings increase as we move 
forward? 
Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao: 
As I said in my brief, the focus is on global product development and we are getting into the 
filings across the chosen geographies in the globe. Europe is a preferred destination. Already we 
have started working on more filings in Europe and you will see this number increasing very 
rapidly each quarter from Quarter 4 onwards, and we will to be able to see a lot of traction in 
Europe on the dossiers and also a lot of focus on the launches of these dossiers which we have 
filed sometime back. So, Europe is going to be definitely a value-added formulation supply 
business through dossiers. That is the focus of the organization. And also the portfolio that we 
have created in the last 1.5 years, I think all those are also destined to be filed in Europe in the 
next 2 to 3 quarters of time. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sajal Kapoor, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
How much of the gross block is not optimally utilized today or waiting for ramp up but we are 
incurring fixed costs there? 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Mr. Kapoor, the number will be given by Mukesh in terms of rupees. But the Vizag site at unit 
#5, the onco and the other APIs, due to delay in approvals of some of our formulations, which 
will be using APIs from that site, that have been idle for a long, long time. And also, onco block 
has been idle. You just heard Dr. Ram Rao say that there are lots of very exciting plans for onco, 
APIs, and FDs. And we also expect with some approvals for some of the MUPS products 
formulations we have filed, the APIs will start being manufactured in that site; and maybe within 
a year or so, we should start seeing some good revenues from there. In terms of gross block, 
Mukesh will answer that question. 
Mukesh Surana: 
The net block is about Rs. 350 odd crores where we use commercial as well as R&D. So, partially 
it is commercial and partially it is R&D. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Dr. Prasad, I just wanted to understand, as a percentage, by the sound of what you just explained 
in the response, it seems like a significant or a material part, if not significant, of the gross block 
is still fairly underutilized but the fixed costs are already flowing through the P&L. Is that a fair 
assumption? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
You are perfectly right, Mr. Kapoor. That still forms a sizable portion of our net block. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
And the second related question is, what could be the EBITDA on about 70% capacity utilization 
assuming no material change in product mix and no material change in the cost of raw material? 
With 70% capacity utilization, we keep the same product mix as in the current quarter, let's say, 
assumption, of course, and the cost of material also remains kind of largely stable. I'm just trying 
to get a sense on what could be the optimal EBITDA margins and ROCE because the current 
numbers are not giving a true reflection of the business potential. 
Mukesh Surana: 
Currently, we still have a lot of room for capacity utilization both in Gagillapur as well as 
Bonthapally which are our largest plants. And there the utilization is higher than 70% but still 
we have room to go up to 90% to 95%. And also, we are continuously investing on 
debottlenecking and also improving production. It's a continuous process. And currently, we 
have in Gagillapur, the capacity in the range of 23 billion to 24 billion. With various 
improvements, we can further increase. And we are also adding one more facility, Granules Life 
Sciences. So, always it will be ever evolving. We will continuously add capacity. We will always 
have some capacity to be utilized. 
Sajal Kapoor: 
Just a small clarification. Yes, I get that Mukesh. On a dedicated capacity, we expect no less 
than 95% steady state utilization. But on the fungible capacity, is it difficult to go beyond, let's 
say 85%? So, capacity utilization on a blended basis on a steady state will be hovering between, 
let's say, 85% and 95%, including both fungible and dedicated capacity. Assuming we don't do 
any fresh CapEx which is not correct – I know that what I'm trying to understand is, can we get 
to 25% EBITDA margin when we get to optimal capacity utilizations across dedicated and 
fungible capacities? Or can we even breach 25% with the improvement in the product mix? 
That's the sense I'm trying to get here. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
I understood that Mr. Kapoor. And basically, with optical product mix it can definitely go up to, 
a few percentages than what we are doing now, not 25% but close to that. But the product mix 
will happen with the new launches. So, new launches, we have to see how they go in the market, 
we are quite excited, but we have to see how they perform. Definitely, the margins will go up. 
And again, another thing to add here is if you, if we remove Unit-V, where you rightly said, a 
lot of assets is not being utilized. Definitely our EBITDA levels will be higher than what you 
are saying. That means when that asset is utilized we can see some much better numbers.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of CA Nihar Shah from Crown capital. Please go 
ahead. 
CA Nihar Shah: 
I have two questions. One is on margin, though our margin has seen a good jump this quarter, 
like we are around 21.5% to 22% level. So, what are the sustainable rate at which we are looking 
at going ahead? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
It will be around this number Nihar definitely, and like I always say that we are always aiming 
for above 20% and every quarter, or maybe year-on-year, we will see the EBITDA levels going 
up. Definitely and as like I said, when discussing with Mr. Kapoor, the product mix which when 
it becomes optimal definitely the margins will go up. But it will take maybe a few quarters to 
see the effects. 
CA Nihar Shah: 
Understood. And also our revenue this quarter went down on quarter-on-quarter basis like 
slightly. So, we are looking to improve from this at what rate and how can we look the revenue 
outlook for next year? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Next year should be quite decent. But again, to answer your question for this quarter, the revenue 
I won’t say de-growth, no growth in revenue was caused because of prices of Paracetamol, like 
I said the margins were there. If you see the value-add was fairly good. But the revenue came 
down and next year definitely we will see an upward trend. Also, this year, if you see we also 
lost the first quarter. So, this quarter, this year is going to be not so exciting, but next year seems 
to be going great. 
CA Nihar Shah: 
So, any ballpark figure, what kind of revenue are we looking for next year or any year-on-year 
growth rate which you would like to give?  
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
No, we made it clear a few quarters ago that we will stop giving guidance. But you will see the 
improvement Nihar. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Sir, basically on the US business and just to understand more on the gross margin side, the entire 
gross margin expansion, that we are seeing a sharp jump from quarter-to-quarter as well as on 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
Y-o-Y basis, it is mainly driven by this US business only or some other factors are also 
contributing it? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
It’s a mix, actually it’s a mix of product mix, which we are selling in the US. So, you are right, 
it is the US business that is giving us a higher value add. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. So, if I try and understand, what is the volume growth currently, which you are seeing in 
the US business and what is the kind of price erosion that we are seeing in the US? 
Mukesh Surana: 
We have multiple products; some are in metric tonne and some are in tablets so it is difficult to 
give. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
On an average if you can give something, some ballpark number just to understand? 
Mukesh Surana: 
So, currently we are much higher in terms of volume compared to the value. So, just to give 
some ballpark number, the price erosion range ranges from 6% to 10% at selling price levels. 
Raw material level will be much higher. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it. And, what, I understand that the FD sales contribution has seen a sharp jump if I just 
compare nine months data to nine months data of FY23 from 50% contribution it has gone to 
61% and our API and PFI segment has actually come down. So, whether this kind of 
performance will be there in the subsequent quarter also or we will see some fluctuation going 
ahead? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
There will be some fluctuations Rashmi, but definitely they will be at the same sort of at these 
levels with minor fluctuations. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay, but this from 61%, any aim or anything which you are targeting that in next two years the 
FD contribution to overall sales to go to any particular number? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
I cannot give you a number, but definitely our objective is to have an increased FD contribution 
because the FDs gives us the best margin. So, we are aiming for a higher percentage, and we 
definitely see the number growing, I cannot give you an exact numbers. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And what is the outlook on the API and PFI business because we have seen a big decline 
this quarter, this year which I understand is due to the pricing and also due to the Paracetamol 
pricing on higher base. But going ahead, have you seen that most of the impact has already come 
in and now the prices are stable, or do you feel that we are going to see much more impact in the 
coming quarters also? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Again, our objective is to convert API’s and PFIs into FDs, which has started, so you will not 
see any as a percentage. The APS BFIs would stay approximately around this range. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Rashmi, just to add to that, can we say the percentages that remain same, but the volume growth 
will be quite significant, which means in terms of absolute numbers, you will see an increase 
primarily on the larger volume API. There has been a little bit of inventory stocking that 
happened because of COVID for some molecules, which as we go increase, because our 
customers will be depleting in the existing inventory. So, we do have some capacity available 
for them and we will be utilizing that going forward. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And in your FD business, how much does US geography contribute, as of now. Now the 
US has become a big business, so you can at least give some idea. Only in your FD segment, 
how much is the US contribution, followed by Europe? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Majority of our FD business is from US, Rashmi so as major part, Europe is growing now. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And how many launches have we done till date? Till date in the sense for this year in the 
US business only for this year? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
We’ve done about four to five launches this year. But some of them have been soft launches like 
CMD indicated in his speech earlier. Some of them have been delayed because of logistics 
issues. But those will be resolved because we are building inventory in the US before we take 
on new businesses and we will see our continuous stream of launches going forward. In Q4, we 
estimate to launch between three to four products and Q1 in addition to gaining more market 
share from the existing products we’ll be launching about three to four products. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
So, this year you will end up by eight to 10 launches? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
No, we will have about four or five launches yet another three launches about seven new 
launches. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Seven to eight launches and next year how much are we targeting? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
With the visibility we have across the regions we will have between four to eight launches with 
the current visibility. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Harith Ahamed from Avendus Spark. Please 
go ahead. 
Harith Ahamed: 
So, in recent months, you had some interesting approvals like generics of Toprol-XL, Protonix 
and a few others. So, can you give an update on launches of these products and how the market 
shares have ramped up and also try to understand if there is a change in the contribution from 
our top five core molecules, which has historically been above 80%? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
So, like I mentioned just now when Rashmi was speaking to us, we have delayed a few launches 
intentionally because of logistics issues. Now that said, we have already launched four to five 
products we will be launching during a soft launch of three products in this Q4. And going 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
forward, we’ll be doing the remaining launches. Sorry, what was the second half of your 
question? 
Harith Ahamed: 
Given these are molecules outside our core, top five molecules. I was trying to understand if, 
there will be a change in the contribution or decrease in the contribution from top five molecules 
when we launch these products? 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Yes. So, as we have always committed, if you see our numbers over the last couple of years in 
quarters, our core contribution has always been around 85%. As of this quarter, it’s about 72%, 
so this goal is always to increase the contribution from the new products, and you will see that 
going forward as well. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Harith to add to that also, the margin contribution from the newer products is quite decent 
compared to the older products as of today. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Did I hear correctly that the core molecules this quarter contributed 72%? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Priyanka, yes. 
Priyanka Chigurupati: 
Sorry, you cut off for me. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
She is right, around 72%. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay, 72% of the overall revenues?  
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
That’s right. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Not the FD revenues? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
No. Overall. 
Harith Ahamed: 
Okay. And when I think of CAPEX in FY25, in FY24, we are tracking around Rs. 400 crores, 
estimated for the full year. Now when we are starting phase two at Kakinada how should we 
think about CAPEX in FY25 and this phrase two at Kakinada approximately, how much will be 
the overall spend and over what timelines? 
Mukesh Surana: 
Harith, I will give you a complete perspective on the CAPEX, as of now for first three quarters 
we have spent Rs. 283 crores and we are expecting to spend for the full year around Rs. 500 
crores so that is the reduction in the capital expenditure primarily Granules Czro and that 
Kakinada as Chairman has explained in will start in F25 and commercial will start in F26 so 
there will be some deferment of capital expenditure but not so much substantial in the next year 
as well. Next year, we are planning for overall Rs. 600 crore CAPEX, Rs. 200 would be regular 
and Rs.400 crores would be on the growth project like Granule Life Science and Granule Czro 
and few other projects which we are exploring. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bino Pathiparambil from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Bino Pathiparambil: 
Just a quick one on raw material. So, when you say the decline in raw material prices helped 
margin, are there any two or three key raw materials which has mainly contributed to this? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
The main thing is the biggest product for us today are Paracetamol and Metformin. And the raw 
material for Paracetamol is PAP para-aminophenol and Metformin is DCDA. So, both these 
products prices have come down drastically. Of course, so as the selling price grew, but these 
are the two main products that have contributed. 
Bino Pathiparambil: 
Understood. And what do you attribute this reduction in prices to and how do you think it will 
remain though?  
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Sorry, I lost you, I didn’t get you. 
Bino Pathiparambil: 
What would you ascribe this reduction in prices of these raw materials to, is there a specific 
reason and how you think it will sustain at those levels? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
During COVID that this price has shot up, there were shortages and now after COVID new 
capacities also were added and as of today their surplus material and I do have every reason to 
believe with the surplus capacity available the prices should hold on for a few years. Plus, or 
minus some percentage.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nagesh M an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Nagesh M: 
Just wanted to know your viewpoints on dollar INR how it works in future. And what is your 
hedging policy, because for the last six, eight months the dollar has been stagnating it around 83 
only? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Mukesh will answer that. 
Mukesh Surana: 
So, dollar-INR there are divergent views, our internal view is, in this range for next quarter and 
also next year in this range of 82 to 83. And as a hedging policy, we have a risk management 
policy and also we have a clear hedging policy in terms of whatever net exposures are there we 
take time to time coverage. 
Nagesh M: 
Okay. What will be the average dollar rupee for your entire nine months period this year, 
realization? 
Mukesh Surana: 
Around Rs. 82.5. 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Nagesh M: 
Okay. One more question is, is there any chances of getting a bonus shares, because the company 
has not issued any bonus? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Nagesh we did two buybacks, and that was really something we thought we were doing 
something very good. So, now with all the CAPEX and other things that we are doing, we may 
not do a buyback at least another year or two. Bonus shares, we have not thought of it, and we 
don’t think I can commit at this moment in time. 
Nagesh M: 
Okay. And any chances of the pledge of shares being totally released because you have done the 
reduction for a very long time and now it is stagnated? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
It will be totally released. You will see that shortly.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vikas Sharda from NT Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikas Sharda: 
You mentioned that the raw material prices for like PAP and DCDA have fallen quite sharply 
this year. So, I was just wondering when you are talking about backward integration in your, 
Czro subsidiary. So, how does the viability of those projects change with say the changes in the 
prices or are these not really linked, how do you look at that prospect of that backward 
integration? 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Even though the price dropped, when we make a product, going based on current yields, and 
other data we have now, we should still be profitable, not an exorbitant profit, but we will be 
profitable. And we have been able to justify our investment. More than just this, I’ve mentioned 
many times, the entire world is dependent on China for DCDA, and the geopolitical crisis 
somewhere there can lead to global shortages of Metformin. So, once we make the DCDA 
ourselves, it’s a lot of self-reliance and customers would prefer to buy from a company which is 
fully integrated, and the other advantages. We will have the lowest carbon footprint when we 
make our DCDA, our product Metformin will be green compared to anybody else. Even though 
you don’t see it today, a few years from today, you will see the effects. And people, every 
company in the world pharma company, distribution company, including Walmart’s and all have 
taken targets for achieving net zero, and the only way they can achieve that number is to buy 
products with less carbon footprint. And they do believe there will also be a premium for having 
products with carbon footprint. To Sum it, its self-reliability and also premium price based on 
green chemistry, in addition to nominal margin. 
Vikas Sharda: 
Thank you. And one more question that, like when one looks at say the revenue growth for this 
quarter overall, it’s a 1%. How would you look at the volume growth versus the price movement 
mix? 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
Mukesh Surana: 
So, it depends on a lot of product combinations and also a new metric tonne and tablets. On 
average, from lower side to the higher side 5% to 6% to 10% range of price erosion has been 
there.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saurabh Shukla, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Saurabh Shukla: 
Actually, I have two questions. The first one is, like related to this R&D section, which is 
research and development. So, may I know how much increase we can see in the R&D spending 
in the upcoming quarters for the financial years and in addition to this, is there any specific new 
products in the pipeline that is going to be adding new portfolios? 
Mukesh Surana: 
R&D expenditure, we are spending 4% of sales, this quarter we have spent about 47 crores. In 
the Q4 we probably would be spending much more than the 47 crores. As a percentage to sales 
also, we will increase our spend in Q4. A lot of filings are in process in the next two months. So, 
expenditure is going to go up and some new launches.  
Dr. K.V.S. Ram Rao: 
So, on the new product launches, Priyanka has just spoken. So, we have done about four to five 
launches now. New products in R&D. So, as I said in my brief, regarding the new products in 
R&D, we do 10 to 12 filings every year. And this you will see, based on our R&D expenditure 
that we are already slated for Q4, we will be ramping up around 10 to 12 every year, not only in 
the US, but I’ve also mentioned that this is a global product development. And we will be looking 
at not only filing in the US, but extending these filings into the chosen geographies, including 
Europe. So, overall, we will be looking at as Chairman has pointed out earlier, more of 
converting assets into a good finished dose players in markets outside the US along with the API 
sales. So, it will be 10 to 12 products every year in the R&D for at least the coming couple of 
years. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
A lot of development oncology also is happening in the R&D as of today and will continue. 
Saurabh Shukla: 
Okay. One more question, like as I said, as I saw there are two sites that are being, Vizag and 
Kakinada apart from that, is there any other like other new sites that Granules India basically 
going into find out in India or any other geographies in the upcoming years or upcoming quarter 
itself. And I just wanted to please emphasize that part, that is the question. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Let me try to understand your question a little better, it wasn’t clear. So, are you asking if other 
than Kakinada are we having any other expansions in different geographies?  
Saurabh Shukla: 
Correct. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Okay, we have a lot of investments going on right now. And even though Kakinada is delayed, 
it’s not going to be small. And also, we have this in Genome Valley, which is a different site 
other than current formulation facility, about 500 crores of investment is going on there. And 
recently, we have started a packaging unit at a fairly high investment in Virginia, in addition to 

 
Granules India Limited 
January 23, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
our GPI facility. So, we have already invested in we have made plans for some more. And as I 
see it today, I don’t think any other geography is visible. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that was the last question of the day. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Krishna Prasad for closing comments. 
Dr. Krishna Prasad: 
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for attending this call. And I hope that you have got 
all your answers. And if you have any other questions, please feel free to reach out to our team 
Puneet or Mukesh, and we will be glad to clarify. So, once again, thank you very much. And 
have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
On the behalf of Granules India Limited that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
