 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
February 7, 2024 
 
The Manager 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, 
Rotunda Building, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
The Manager 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Listing Department, 
Exchange Plaza, 
5th Floor, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Subject: Transcript of Investors/Analysts Call – Unaudited Financial Results for the 
quarter ended December 31, 2023 
 
Scrip Code: BSE – 500304; NSE – NIITLTD  
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to the requirement of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith Transcript of Investors/analysts Call organized on February 2, 2024 post declaration 
of Unaudited Financial Results of the Company (Consolidated & Standalone) for the quarter 
ended December 31, 2023. 
 
The same is also available on our website i.e. www.niit.com.  
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours sincerely, 
For NIIT Limited 
 
 
 
Arpita B Malhotra 
Company Secretary & 
Compliance Officer 
 
 
Encls: a/a 
ARPITA 
BISARIA 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
ARPITA BISARIA 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2024.02.07 
17:04:45 +05'30'

Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
 
“NIIT Limited 
Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 02, 2024 
 
.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
• MR. RS PAWAR – CHAIRMAN 
• MR. VIJAY THADANI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND VICE 
CHAIRMAN  
• MR. SANJEEV BANSAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
• MR. KAPIL SAURABH –M&A AND INVESTOR RELATIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 10 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to NIIT Limited Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference 
Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vijay Thadani, Managing Director and Vice Chairman 
of NIIT Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thank you very much. Good afternoon, and welcome to this investor meet for NIIT Limited's 
Quarter 3 FY'24 Results. I have with me our full management team. I have Mr. Sapnesh Lalla, 
who is Non-Executive Director and on the Board; Sanjeev Bansal, who's the CFO; Kapil 
Saurabh looks after M&A and Investor Relations; and also Mr. RS Pawar; and Mr. P. Rajendran. 
Mr. RS Pawar is the Chairman; and Mr. P. Rajendran is the Joint Managing Director. 
 
We would address questions together. But what I would start with is a brief outline of what 
happened in quarter 3. The results have been with you for a while. So I think I'll be very quick 
on this so that we have more time for questions. 
 
So as usual, we thank you for your interest in NIIT Limited and for joining the call today. Just 
wanted to say in the beginning that the NIIT's business is seasonal in nature. And quarter 3 is a 
weak quarter, just follows a very -- a peak quarter of quarter 2. And therefore, to that extent, in 
the history of NIIT quarter 3 is always lower than quarter 2. 
 
Despite continuing freeze in technology hiring, this quarter business has recorded positive Q-o-
Q growth, which is, as I mentioned earlier, is a positive thing given the fact that quarter 3 is a 
weak quarter. And this was done through broad basing of customers across BFSI, across global 
capability centers, GCCs and focus on Tier 2 global systems integration. 
 
So the revenue for quarter 3 was INR852 million, which was up 5% Q-o-Q. And as I mentioned, 
that looks good, but down 9% year-on-year, and I'll explain that in a minute. Thus closing the 
gap with the last year's trajectory. I'll explain the up 5% Q-o-Q and down 9% Y-o-Y as we go 
forward. 
 
EBITDA was at INR78 million as compared to INR22 million in quarter 2 and INR80 million 
in quarter 3 last year. EBITDA margins improved 646 basis points quarter-on-quarter and 55 
basis points year-on-year. Net other income in quarter 3 was INR154 million, which includes 
the benefit of treasury income and also from other income, which came out of interest on tax 
refunds and certain common cost recoveries. 
 
PAT was at INR144 million in quarter 3 as compared to INR106 million in quarter 2 and INR143 
million in quarter 3 last year. In percentage terms, PAT is up 35% Q-o-Q and nearly flat or you 
may call it 1% Y-o-Y. EPS was at INR1.1 per share, which was up 32% quarter-on-quarter and 
1% year-on-year. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 10 
 
 
So we started -- just to explain this, a 9% year-on-year decline. We started the financial year, as 
you know, we were going very well till quarter 3 last year. And then in quarter 4, we hit a big 
bump. And from then onwards, the bump continued in quarter 4, quarter 1 and is actually 
continuing and that was the freeze in hiring by the technology sector. However, the corrective 
measures which we took started kicking in and therefore, the recovery started. 
So in quarter 1 last year, we had a 33% year-on-year decline -- sorry, quarter 1 this year, we had 
33% decline year-on-year with sequential pickup in business throughout the year through 
alternate strategies, we have been able to get close to the volumes achieved last year. But the 
fact that technology hiring trends and training trends have not recovered, we have not been able 
to cover the full gap in this quarter. We do anticipate that to happen in the fourth quarter. In fact, 
fourth quarter growth is likely to be fairly decent. 
 
I also want to just -- since I'm banking a lot on the argument that technology services hiring has 
been frozen or has been negative in the sense they have been -- technology sector has been 
dropping people numbers, I thought I'll share one data point. During COVID, the IT services 
sector swapped two quarters of decline in headcount in IT services. 
 
Now for the last five quarters, we have seen -- five successive quarters, we have seen a Q-o-Q 
decline in headcount and the aggregate headcount reduction seems to be 4x in the last five 
quarters compared to the reduction that happened in COVID over two quarters. 
 
If we look at the revenue mix by product, while revenue from technology training is down 19% 
year-on-year, and I explained why, revenue from BFSI and other programs is up 34% Y-o-Y. 
But given the fact that they were BFSI and other programs for a smaller subset, just 20% of the 
whole last year, that growth has not been able to make up for the decline in the technology 
trading revenues.  
And therefore, while BFSI and other programs have grown up by 34% year-on-year, 
contribution from BFSI and others has increased from 20% last year to 30% in Q3. Therefore, 
the mix that we have in Q3 is 70% coming from technology revenues and 30% coming from 
BFSI and other programs. 
 
In summary, the business has shown resilience and agility by, number one, broad basing the 
customer set in a very tough environment. Second, achieving operational efficiencies. We did a 
massive cost structure rationalization, variablizing costs, whatever we could, and that exercise 
is still continuing. And that led us to improve our margin. So if you see year-on-year, while the 
revenue has declined by 9%, our margin is the same and in fact, there is a 55 basis points 
improvement. 
 
So as volumes recover in large GSIs and looking at the positive of it, this would mean a 
meaningful growth opportunity with better profitability. Why? Because our cost structure would 
have got rationalized to the new reality and the growth opportunity of GSIs will sit on top of the 
new markets that we have created in GCCs as well as Tier 2 GSIs. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 10 
 
 
Another aspect is we are seeing early signs of success in training on artificial intelligence, AI 
and generative AI. And we have been able to not only train in AI, but also use AI for training. 
So the company is investing in products to equip customers with the AI skills. During the quarter, 
company introduced new specialized programs in the AI for its customers and is also adding AI 
components across its portfolio of programs, such as Full Stack development and digital 
marketing. 
 
Going forward, every program that NIIT offers will have a component of ranging from an 
introduction to AI, but most certainly, how AI could be used to improve the efficacy of the 
particular job grower. The company is also investing in the use of AI in improving our pedagogic 
and platform so that learning effectiveness increases and learning efficiency also increases, as 
well as users get or learners get a better experience. 
 
Coming to balance sheet. The balance sheet metrics remains strong. The DSO was at 59 days as 
compared to 55 days last year and 53 days in last quarter. This small change would be transitional 
as -- and the customer mix driven with different payment terms. The capex for the quarter was 
at INR83 million.  
With better working capital management as well as strong cost rationalization exercise, net cash 
at the end of the quarter was at INR7,179 million versus INR6,974 million last quarter. This is 
up INR205 million quarter-on-quarter, despite payment of a dividend of INR67 million during 
the last quarter. 
 
One aspect of cost rationalization was also headcount rationalization, where we variabilize a lot 
of headcount as well as downsized wherever it was required. Headcount has reduced by 65 Q-
o-Q and is now at the end of the quarter was at 778 employees full time. 
 
On our guidance, despite the challenging environment, we arrested the decline in quarter 1 and 
have been seeing sequential improvements in both enrolment and financial performance in 
quarter 2 and quarter 3. We've been able to reduce the Y-o-Y decline over these three quarters. 
Our expectation was we would be able to make up by end of quarter 3 on the Y-o-Y decline. 
 
However, given the strong -- the more stricter freeze in headcount addition that happened in 
technology services, we could not achieve that. But given this recovery and the low base in 
quarter 4 last year, we do expect to see a meaningful Y-o-Y growth as well as expect H2 of 
FY'24 to be positive versus second half of last year. Therefore, we expect to see H2 FY'24 will 
be positive growth over the previous term.  
BFSI is the weak -- for BFSI, quarter 4 is the weak quarter, and therefore, revenues would be 
down quarter-on-quarter. But the fact that quarter 4 last year was worse off, we would be able 
to see growth given the recovery has set in. 
 
We have made up for loss of volume by the increase in profitability front while lowering the 
cost base, and therefore expect to benefit substantially when volumes normalize. Our new 
rationalized cost will help us achieve better margins as we go forward and would have reduced 
the breakeven point for newer businesses and new products as in the case for launch. 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 10 
 
 
In summary, Tier 1 GSI stopped hiring and have continued to see quarter-on-quarter decline in 
headcount. Success with Tier 2 GSIs, GCC penetration and BFSI penetration has led to recovery, 
although it has not helped make up completely for loss of volume from traditional customers. 
Cost rationalization and efficiency gains have led to positive EBITDA at a lower revenue run 
rate. 
 
Sequential growth will sustain barring seasonality impact as I discussed for BFSI sector in 
quarter 4. Hiring resumption by Tier 1 GSIs, which should happen in the next few quarters, will 
definitely result in a step increase. New products and new initiatives, of which there are a number 
of them in the making, will lead to acceleration in the coming years, and therefore, we remain 
committed to our long-term vision and the stated aspiration.  
I will stop here at this time and open it for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Ganesh Shetty, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Sir, congratulations for a good set of number in challenging environment. And coming back to 
the TPaaS and accrued offerings, which are a specialized offering from NIIT Limited, how 
would you see the coming quarters shaping up in these offerings, special offerings? Can you 
please throw some light on this, sir? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Thank you, Ganesh. Yes, I think the TPaaS from -- which predominantly comes out of banking 
customers has been on an increase. And I think the requirements remain strong. Typically, for 
higher-end goals like wealth management, as well as -- well, all roles, but typically wealth 
management and relationship banking roles. And those requirements and the intents that we 
have, stand in good stead. So we should see a similar volume or slightly better volumes in the 
coming quarter.  
Having said that, the fourth quarter is not the time when a lot of joining happens. So till it is 
quite likely that the programs run in a slower mode and therefore, we may not be able to clock 
as much revenue because their employers will be busy with the year-end commitments. But yes, 
we see this as a positive story. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Sir, regarding StackRoute. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So StackRoute. StackRoute, the volumes are very strongly dependent on large GSIs 
returned to hiring -- of hiring pressure. Of course, we are doing our best to make this up -- this 
gap up through GCCs as well as Tier 2 GSIs. We did meet with success in quarter 2 with Tier 2 
GSIs. But in this quarter, last quarter, quarter 3, we did -- there was movement, but it was a little 
subdued compared to quarter 2. 
 
We think GCCs will continue and Tier 2 GSIs will perhaps remain muted, muted but not stopped. 
Tier 1 GSIs have stopped. In fact, they have a negative hiring in terms of the overall numbers 
were going worse than or lower than the previous year or previous quarter. So I think that's the 
situation we see. And to that extent, StackRoute, though will see some growth quarter-on-

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 10 
 
quarter, but I don't think substantial enough to make up for the loss that we have with the GSI -
- Tier 1 GSI is not high. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Thank you very much, sir, for the explanation. Sir, my second question is regarding our new 
offerings or new acquisitions or new segments which we are going to start in this year, that is 
the very purpose of separation from NIIT and NIIT Learning. And given the present scenario, 
what is your take regarding this subject that we can acquire a new company offering new skills 
or we can organically grow in that way so that we will be equipped with better business 
proposition in the future. Thank you very much, sir, and all the best. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. Thank you very much for your question. But let me answer that. First of all, we are very 
bullish on some of the sectors which are emerging. There is a whole team, which has separately 
been isolated, which is working on newer initiatives. And in these newer initiatives, we are also 
looking at make versus buy issues. And while we do have a pipeline of inorganic opportunities, 
but as you know, inorganic opportunities have multiple variables and therefore, difficult to 
pinpoint on when those might converge into a successful transaction. 
 
And therefore, that we can only talk about once something happens, but sufficient to say that 
newer initiatives are achieving the tension at the highest level and as well as there are special 
teams working on it. And simultaneously, we are also looking at make versus buy options with 
the funnel which we have for inorganic opportunities. More about this as we cross some 
reasonable milestones. 
Ganesh Shetty: 
Thank you very much, sir. That's all for now. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just have a couple of questions kind of clarification. While 
I understand that your revenue in tech is down on a Y-o-Y basis, but it's been improving for the 
last two quarters. So do you think you still kind of have a weaker tone there because of weaker 
hiring in general? Or you think the driver for your growth, which has been GSI -- sorry, GCC 
has a limited room and that's why you're worried on that aspect? 
Vijay Thadani: 
No. So first of all, the -- our coverage is strongly on early careers but is also equally strong now 
on working professionals, especially with our offerings in Gen AI, cybersecurity and advanced 
subjects like digital architecture and stuff like that. But those volumes cannot make up for the 
volumes, which large GSIs used to do in fresher hiring and fresher onboarding. They are 
covering the gap but not sufficiently. So while GCCs focus will increase, I think the GSIs 
returned to some decent amount of hiring will definitely move the needle substantially more. 
Rahul Jain: 
Secondly, I just see that your headcount is down 20% Y-o-Y. You said partly, it is because of 
third party. But also, I see your opex is down on a Y-o-Y basis. So what explains this, where 
these savings are coming? Is it kind of a tuning down on expenses since we are seeing not so 
great in with on met? 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 10 
 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. So we are actually very, very strongly focused on improving our cost structure and making 
it more aligned with the volatility of the revenue. Our fixed cost structure was actually becoming 
an overhang on us. And at a particular point of time, that got added because the going was so 
good, if I were to see 4 quarters ago. And that obviously helps you with better efficiency and 
profitability because you save the cost structure. 
 
But given the fact that now times are changing very fast and volatility is only going to be an 
order of the day, higher voice volatility will be order of the day. It is only fair that we variabilize 
it to the extent that it is possible. Second, with automation, we are also looking at efficiencies 
and taking away all those people who are head count, which is doing routine chores. And to that 
extent, I think the impact of all this is what you feel or what you see in the headcount reduction. 
 
Will this continue at the same level? No. I think in the last quarter, we have done a substantial 
amount. There may be smaller amounts coming up as we introduce more automation and more 
and make the organization leaner and more agile. I think there may be some more cash cost 
rationalization happening, but I see much of the stat is behind us. But variabilization of direct 
cost variabilization of direct cost is one of the strong motivators for cost reduction. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes, I understand that's important and relevant for the new business. But the more question 
comes from the point that were very high aspiration on growth a few quarters back. We don't 
talk much about those hyper-growth opportunity maybe given the matter we are in. But what are 
-- how those goalposts are changing in your renewed thought process? Or those are intact, if yes, 
then what would drive it and when you expect that traction to happen? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Yes. Okay. So first of all, gold costs have not changed. We remain very committed and 
optimistic because the number of levers we have are many. We have hit a bump in the early 
stage of realizing those plans. But that doesn't deter us because we have a strong balance sheet. 
We have a very strong capability that we can handle this kind of a bump and handle the ups and 
downs that come along with it.  
As far as our background work is concerned of getting ready for newer domains, getting ready 
for newer forms of trading, getting ready for newer pedagogies, that work is going on at full 
speed. And I think during next quarter itself in this quarter 4, you should see a few things on 
which we have been working, which will start becoming visible. And of course, how we are 
banking on the fact that 9.5 million people graduate every year.  
And we have a 5 million strong IT industry and about 3 million strong BFSI community. And I 
think all of them require ongoing training and 9.5 million people need jobs, which match their 
intellect as well as their aspirations. So we see those opportunities, and we are prepared for those. 
The good news is we have now been able to introduce scalability in our business model. 
 
And therefore, if opportunities come faster than we could have otherwise handled them, we will 
be in a position to take advantage of that. That's what we are preparing for. We are also getting 
ready with workforce that we really require and we would require a room that's for.  

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 10 
 
Agility is a very strong, should I say, attribute that we would like NIIT to be very well known 
for. So far, our agility has been in the form of identifying opportunities, but we have been 
cautious in taking advantage of them given the multiple constraints, which we have. The agility 
also to handle volatility is an extremely important element. 
 
The good news is that with variability and variabilization but yet keeping that workforce within 
our fold as a community, I think we will set some new ways of working, in which our costs will 
remain variable, but we would have an access to a large network, which we can dip into our pool 
that we can dip into when we want.  
So I think there are a number of initiatives. So in short, our ambition of that famous INR1,200 
crores by FY'28, that right now holds, and we're just finishing our planning cycles. And yes, it 
will be a steeper client given that the first year has not been the best. But then it's a 50-hour 
match. 
 
First five hours have not worked out well. We do hope that in the balance, 45, we will be able 
to make up. That's where our confidence is coming from. There are also inorganic opportunities, 
which is a cost -- which is a contributor to this.  
EdTech, the volatility and the happenings in EdTech, and I wouldn't like to spend too much time 
more than that fact that, that also opens up opportunities for some interesting targets, which may 
come our way, which we may not have otherwise have considered. So these are all the elements 
which are contributing to the confidence of the organization. The proof the pudding will be in 
tasting it. 
Rahul Jain: 
Right. So I like your analogy of cricket, but if you're already chasing a target, which is very, 
very steep, those five overs are also very crucial because your compounding expectation was 
very higher. So would appreciate if we are able to explain the nuances of that number at an 
appropriate juncture and how we attempt to achieve it? 
Vijay Thadani: 
I couldn't agree more with you. And I also couldn't agree more with you that cricket is not the 
best analogy to use in current times. 
Rahul Jain: 
Yes. Thank you. Best of luck. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Rahil Shah from Crown Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Rahil Shah: 
Hi, sir. Good afternoon. I just want to ask about going ahead. You've mentioned that you expect 
H2 to be better year-on-year? So what should we think about the next year in terms of growth 
margins? Just an overall perspective and outlook, what are your expectations given the current 
situation in the market and the business? 
Vijay Thadani: 
Okay. I could put together a response, but let me be honest that response will be strongly 
dependent on the return and the assumptions that we have for the return of the large GSIs hiring. 
And therefore, to that extent, I think the picture will be clearer if we looked at this same we 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 10 
 
shortened one quarter from now. But since you asked the question, I will give it a shot just in 
any case. I feel that we should be looking for assuming that GSIs event really have come back 
into the market and hire. 
 
And if there was a reasonable response, it should be possible for us to see a growth which is in 
excess of 15% year-on-year. And on a margin front now variabilization of cost, I think for us to 
have double-digit margins, barring a few investments, which we will be making next quarter 
onwards, actually, in the coming quarter onwards, to grow the market, now that we have been 
able to get the organization ready or fit for growth. 
 
There will be barring such small changes. I think overall in a steady state for us to work for a 
double-digit margin will be very much possible in next year. But having said that, that is a back 
of the envelope with a huge assumption of large GSIs returning. I think we would get a better 
picture if we were to discuss this 3 months from now, and we would be discussing annual results. 
Rahil Shah: 
Makes sense. Thank you for answering anyway. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Vijay Thadani: 
Operator, if there are no questions, I would just summarize. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please go ahead. 
Vijay Thadani: 
I'll wait if there is anybody who wants to ask a question. So I just want to reiterate that we 
continue to see a large opportunity ahead of us. NIIT has played a pivotal role as talent builders 
to the nation, especially in the technology sector over the last four decades, with accelerating 
pace of transformation across industries, we are excited about the opportunity ahead to recreate 
this impact across multiple sectors, including technology and BFSI, which are strongholds of 
NIIT already. 
 
To aid us in this journey, we must remember, NIIT has a strong and trusted brand, a 
differentiated deep scaling methodology, 200-plus active corporate partnerships and customers, 
and 90% of our revenue every quarter comes from repeat customers. We have more than 30 
OEM partnerships, which give us early access to cutting-edge technologies, and we have a strong 
balance sheet to invest in innovation and growth. 
 
From the opportunity point of the view since much of the irrationality that was prevailing in the 
market due to start-ups willing to burn cash under friendly pressure having died down, I think 
we have an opportunity to create a healthier industry and a more competitive environment. 
Significant business transformation cycle is ahead of us, which would create demand for 
specialized talent with all organizations adopting AI. 
 
And therefore, this focused entity, NIIT Limited, will enable us to be nimble and agile to address 
the new market opportunity. We continue to look for opportunities for both organic and 
inorganic growth, which I've said before. And we look forward to a much better year than the 
year that we would complete this in the next three months. So with that, at this point of time, I 

 
 
NIIT Limited 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 10 
 
will take a pause and see if there are any questions. If there are none, then we would move on 
and close this conversation. So operator, there are no questions, then we will close this 
conversation. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Thank you all for joining today's call. On behalf of NIIT Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
