 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051        
 
Symbol: LALPATHLAB        
BSE Limited  
Corporate Relationship Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip Code: 539524 
 
Sub: Transcript of Conference Call on Financial Results for Q3 & 9M FY24 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find attached herewith Transcript of Conference Call on 
Financial Results for Q3 & 9M FY24. 
 
We request you to please take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
 
For Dr. Lal PathLabs Limited 
 
 
 
Vinay Gujral 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: As above 
VINAY 
GUJRAL
Digitally signed by VINAY GUJRAL 
DN: c=IN, st=Haryana, 
2.5.4.20=0fa538e55ae7b0266a2316103152d8776702b6422
f0d8a36edadf26c85c60a16, postalCode=121004, 
street=Flat No 502 Ambience CGHS Ltd GH-4 Sector-2 
Ballabgarh, 
pseudonym=ef8f0b52b0d8c14f4dad79c263665819, 
serialNumber=3086abc082bae5dcf46bd0def545ce4237763
545c86d24c0cc0c5382400562c0, o=Personal, cn=VINAY 
GUJRAL 
Date: 2024.02.07 15:40:10 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
Dr. Lal PathLabs 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 01, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Call Duration 
• 
1 hour  
Management Speakers 
• 
(Hony) Brig. Dr. Arvind Lal – Executive Chairman 
• 
Dr. Om Prakash Manchanda - Managing Director 
• 
Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan - Chief Executive Officer 
• 
Mr. Ved Prakash Goel – Group Chief Financial Officer 
• 
Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO Suburban and other Group Companies 
Participants who asked 
questions 
• 
Prakash Kapadia – Anived Portfolio 
• 
Rahul Agarwal – InCred Capital 
• 
Rahul Jeewani – IIFL Securities 
• 
Omkar Kamtekar – Bonanza 
• 
Punit Pujara - Helios 
• 
Prashant Nair – Ambit Capital 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 14 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ 
then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar of CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you sir. 
Siddharth Rangnekar: Good evening, everyone and welcome to Dr. Lal PathLabs’ Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. 
Today we are joined by the Senior Members of the Management Team including 
(Hony) Brig Dr. Arvind Lal – who is the Executive Chairman, Dr. Om Prakash 
Manchanda – Managing Director, Mr. Bharath Uppiliappan – CEO, Mr. Ved Prakash 
Goel – Group CFO along with Mr. Shankha Banerjee – CEO of Suburban and the 
other Group Companies. 
I would like to commence by stating the standard disclaimer here. Some of the 
statements made on today’s call could be forward-looking in nature and the actual 
results could vary from these forward-looking statements. A detailed disclaimer is 
also available in the results presentation that has been circulated to you earlier and 
is also available on the stock exchange website. 
With that, I would like to invite (Hony) Brig Dr. Arvind Lal to share his perspectives.  
Dr. Arvind Lal: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen and a warm welcome to all participants on the 
call. We are gathered here today to delve into the Q3 FY24 earnings of Dr. Lal 
PathLabs. I wish to begin by sharing my thoughts on the evolving market dynamics 
and the progress that we have made. 
India’s diagnostic sector is undergoing a rapid transformation. Increasing burden of 
non-communicable diseases as well as new emerging and existing communicable 
diseases, increased adoption of evidence-based treatment and a growing emphasis 
on preventive healthcare diagnostics are expected to sustain the growth momentum.  
While the competition in this space has increased, the established pan-India chains 
like Dr. Lal PathLabs are strategically positioned to exceed industry growth, 
progressively expanding their market share compared to both organized and 
unorganized players. This is possible due to the continuous improvement in scale 
achieved through our deep penetration in Tier-2 and Tier-3 towns and offering the 
largest portfolio of tests and services at competitive prices.  
Dr. Lal PathLabs has continued to be the preferred choice for customers seeking 
latest high-end testing and accurate diagnosis, over the last 75 years. Yes, this is 
our platinum year. For example, we have achieved a milestone in Histocompatibility 
and Transplant Immunology testing with Next Generation Sequencing or NGS by 
carrying out 600 runs of HLA-NGS with 27,000 samples analyzed for Bone Marrow 
and Solid organ Transplantation across India, Africa, Bangladesh and Nepal. We 
have also taken the lead in establishing ‘donor derived cells free DNA’ as a non-
invasive monitoring test for solid organ transplantation and have recruited 475 
patients for post-transplant monitoring of which 222 patients are for kidney, 70 
patients for heart and 183 patients for lung transplantation.  

 
Page 3 of 14 
 
To maintain affordability, we have predominantly retained our pricing mix, barring 
minor adjustments in prices to account for cost inflation in speciality and super 
speciality tests. Through this, we aim to cater to a larger patient base, solidifying our 
position as the leading diagnostic brand in the country.  
Our performance going ahead will be guided by expanding our presence in the 
underpenetrated Tier-3 and Tier-4 markets, coupled with the targeted focus on high-
potential markets in the west and south regions. This is in addition to extensively 
utilizing our digital infrastructure where we have made investments across AI, data 
analytics, machine learning etc. Not only will this enhance the overall patient 
experience and provide tailored solutions but will also accelerate the volume 
trajectory.  
In the western markets, through Suburban diagnostics and especially its Reference 
Lab we are emerging as a formidable player, aiming to achieve rapid scale by 
outpacing industry growth. Our synergies are beginning to unfold, and we are on 
course to fortify our position in this market. 
That concludes my initial remarks. Thank you and I would now like to hand it over to 
Dr. Om. Over to you, Om. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Welcome to our call today. I shall walk you through the evolving industry scenario 
and progress on strategy. 
In the current financial year, at an industry level, whatever the impact of Covid-19 
testing was on the revenue side has all gone away. We have also experienced the 
same, therefore we stopped reporting the split since last few quarters. It is now only 
one figure that we report, thereby making the analysis easy and simple. Covid-19 
also created an unevenness on growth pattern both on revenue and volume. That 
pattern is now getting smoothened. 
Our business has delivered double-digit top-line growth rates on Y-o-Y basis both in 
the current quarter as well as on YTD basis. We have significantly improved our 
operating and net margins profile driven by efficiencies of scale and productivity 
initiatives. Our efforts continue to look for expansion in Tier-3 and Tier-4 towns 
through organic means of growth. Our teams have carefully identified pockets and 
the markets that will drive future growth for us.  
Industry experienced bundling of routine tests as a new consumer trend. We led this 
trend and successfully built a brand – Swasthfit. The revenue contribution from 
Swasthfit has now stabilized, ranging between 19% to 21% of our total revenue. The 
next wave of bundling, we believe, would be in the specialized test as that could be 
medically more efficient for clinicians. 
Our investments in technology and digital at the infrastructure level, at the front end 
and in the interactions with patients are also translating into salience. We are pushing 
ahead with some of the brand and chosen geographies, while meticulously executing 
a network and test menu expansion agenda. With that, I would like to hand over to 
Bharath to continue the conversation. Over to you, Bharat. 
Bharath Uppiliappan:  I warmly welcome you all on this call today. I will now take you through the business 
and operating highlights.  
I am pleased to share with you that we have delivered yet another quarter of double-
digit total revenue growth and a healthy margin profile. In Q3 FY24, we clocked a 
revenue of Rs. 539 crore representing a growth of 10.1% by serving 6.7 million 

 
Page 4 of 14 
 
patients and testing 18.6 million samples, representing a sample growth of 7.1% over 
last year.  
The RPP for Q3 FY24 is at Rs. 807, a growth of 1% over Q2 FY24 mainly due to 
mix.  
Further, to accelerate the patient volume and revenue stream as a team we are 
sharply focused on putting into play a white space expansion plan. Last quarter, we 
shared that we have put in place the program for 20+ new labs expansion. This plan 
is progressing on track and parallelly the creation of collection centers and pickup 
point ecosystem is also tracking well.  
During COVID, a trend of acquiring and serving patients digitally emerged, popularly 
known as D2C. I am pleased to share that we have in a focused manner developed 
end to end D2C capabilities starting from digital marketing to lead generation to 
servicing the patients at home. We are now expanding this D2C program to Tier-2 
and Tier-3 cities as well.  
Our key product programs like Swasthfit contributing to about 20% of revenue. 
Medical centers of excellence like LACE and LCoRD continue to fortify their position 
amongst the medical community and patients.  
In addition, digitally enabled initiatives like CHIPs and recommendation engine 
continue to make meaningful contribution in enhancing patient loyalty and stickiness. 
Overall, we are moving the right levers to optimally set a growth trajectory that will 
give us sustainable growth. 
With that, I would like to invite Ved to take you all through the financial performance. 
Over to you, Ved.  
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Hello everyone and thank you for joining this call.  
I am sharing the key Financial Highlights for Q3 and 9 months: 
• 
Revenue for Q3 FY24 came in at Rs. 539 crore against Rs. 489 crore last 
year same quarter, a growth of 10.1%. YTD revenue for 9 months is Rs. 
1,681 crore Vs Rs. 1,526 crore in last year same period, a growth of 10.2%.  
• 
EBITDA for Q3 FY24 came in at Rs. 141 crore as compared to Rs. 113 crore 
in Q3 last year, registered a growth of 24.6% with EBITDA margin of 26.1%. 
9 months EBITDA is Rs. 465 crore Vs Rs. 374 crore, last year same period 
with a margin of 27.6%.  
• 
PBT for Q3 FY24 came in at Rs. 116 crore, registered a growth of 51.6% 
with PBT margin of 21.5%. 9 months PBT is Rs. 386 crore with a margin of 
22.9%.  
• 
PAT for Q3 FY24 came in at Rs. 82 crore Vs 54 crore last year same quarter, 
registered a growth of 53.3% with PAT margin of 15.3%. 9 months PAT is 
Rs. 277 crore with a margin of 16.4%.  
• 
EPS in Q3 FY24 is Rs. 9.8 with a growth of 53.2%. 9 months EPS stood at 
Rs. 32.9.  
• 
Cash and cash equivalent as on December ’23 is Rs. 957 crore. Net of 
borrowing it is Rs. 853 crore.  
At last, we are pleased to announce that the board of director has approved a second 
interim dividend of Rs. 12 per share. With this, total dividend for the year 2023-24 
stood at Rs. 18 per share. 

 
Page 5 of 14 
 
That brings me to the conclusion of my opening remarks, and I would now request 
the moderator to open the quorum for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Prakash Kapadia from Anived Portfolio Managers 
Private Limited.   
Prakash Kapadia: 
A couple of questions from my end, diagnostic industry growth has definitely slowed 
down from earlier pre-Covid days. So, what is our sense, is it customer fatigue? Is it 
something else which is affecting volume growth for the sector? We have obviously 
grown at 10%. But this is on a 9% base of last year. So, any sense you could give 
us for the industry?  
Secondly, if I were to envisage higher growth from hereon for FY25 and beyond, so 
for us what would drive that? Is it Suburban scale? Is it increased contribution? Is it 
newer geographies where we have been pretty aggressive in Tier-3, Tier-4 cities 
where we have an early mover advantage? Can specialized test increase? As you 
know the price rise base is also now anniversary is happening in February so, what 
will drive growth from here on? And lastly, on Suburban what is the game plan? 
Because now centers are added, labs have opened, Reference Lab is done, the 
integration of infrastructure is done. So, can we expect much higher growth in 
Suburban from here on or not? Those are my questions.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: You have asked 2-3 questions. So maybe I will first pick the industry part then 
probably give the other growth and Suburban questions to my colleagues later. I 
think on the industry front, you are absolutely right that the growth rates of all the 
companies which are the figures are in public domain. If I add it up, industry growth 
rates don’t seems to be adding up to what we were having pre-Covid levels. I think 
what you just said is very right. In fact, we are industry-leading growth because 
double digits many of the other players we see are in single digits.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
Very low single digits. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Very low single digit. Yes, and I think in fact our number is actually all inclusive. If 
you take their numbers all-inclusive then it is even contrasting now. I think earlier all 
of us were attributing this to new-age competition. We were thinking that probably 
it’s losing out to that even. They also seem to be in some difficult situation though I 
don’t have any data to support that. But I think as we travel in the market and overall, 
in general, that intensity which was there 2-3 years back is not there anymore.  
The question arises what is going on? One hypothesis that we have probably been 
that fatigue factor that you talked about is during COVID times there’s a tremendous 
amount of testing and a lot of people went for health checkups etc.  
There is a bit of a pause because this is not a want that you want to get tested every 
now and then. It’s a bit of a need base and then suddenly you say listen I just got 
myself tested last year. Then can I give it a pause because there’s too much testing 
and healthcare and all being talked about. So, there could be one qualitative reason 
but there is nothing that supports this argument. Second also could be a lot of these 
bundling things that we have done, like say for example we were discussing earlier 
within us is that this fever panel is one test and one visit. Now in the earlier years, 
this fever panel may have been multiple visits because you test for dengue and then 
you test for malaria you test for something else. Now you want to get everything 
tested in one sample itself. So that probably could be there could be a correlation.  
While one has seen in the industry revenue per patient going up, but volume growth 
is not that high. I think revenue per patient for most organizations has been 
significantly higher, but volume growth has not been. So, could the bundling be 
causing this less frequency of visit? The third hypothesis could be that many of the 

 
Page 6 of 14 
 
hospitals have woken up to this idea of how they keep their captive business intact 
and not let this leak out to private players. At least this is someone’s phenomena that 
I’ve seen in larger cities where probably some of the hospital chains have become a 
little more aggressive in retaining their OPD business for diagnostics as well. So, I 
think on the whole this is what probably I can think of. Now I think the million-dollar 
question is that going forward do we see the softness, or do we see this reviving, my 
personal view and I think I’ve always maintained that is that diagnostic is the 
important part of any medical practice. Without this, actually to my mind there is no 
medicine. And these days wherever I go without prescribing a test, doctors really 
don’t shift to medicine. I think the next phase of growth actually lies as we go down 
the pop setup. A lot of action has been in the diagnosis in the larger cities. I think we 
just need to go down and probably trigger more shift from unorganized player, trigger 
more sort of prescription habits of higher order test. So, I think that is where the 
industry growth lies and we have been talking about this Tier-3, Tier-4 towns now for 
last three-four quarters and we have separately started tracking this data. So, we are 
putting a tremendous amount of focus in these towns, technically speaking going 
deeper into our core markets. The idea is to really increase market access, get more 
patients by getting deeper and wider is where we are. Now other questions related 
to Suburban, and I think you asked something else as well. I’ll hand it over to Bharath 
to respond. 
Shankha Banerjee:  
On the Suburban question, I think like you rightly said that the reference lab has been 
set up. It’s almost a year. The infra expansion of CC is actually not only expansion 
we are also looking at strengthening the way that channel is being run. I think quite 
a lot of work on that has happened and to cut the long story short yes, growth rates 
will improve in the future. That is really what we are working towards. There was 
something on Dr. Lal PathLabs. I think Bharath will take that question.  
Bharath Uppiliappan: That Dr. Om addressed on Tier-3 and Tier-4.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
So, in terms of the growth drivers if any I was just trying to understand, will Tier-3, 
Tier-4 be the biggest driver or will specialized test drive this, increased worse 
contribution looks unlikely to majorly drive growth from here on or it’s going to be 
Suburban scale which will grow now at a much faster pace. So, the overall revenues 
could be significantly higher or much better than what we are currently trending is 
what I was trying to understand. 
Bharath Uppiliappan:  So, I think what we have said so far is that we will significantly scale up a Tier-1, Tier-
2 presence led by Suburban obviously in Mumbai and some parts of Maharashtra. 
It’s a wide space for us. We will build an aggressive presence in Tier-1, Tier-2 cities 
in that fashion. The second thing we have said so far is that Tier-3-4 is where Dr. Lal 
PathLabs in the core markets will focus to drive its growth from. From a product point 
of view, Dr. Om mentioned in his opening speech that apart from doing bundling on 
Swasthfit we are now looking at bundles on the higher end specialty tests also. So, 
you must see as product innovation continuous pipeline as other source of growth. 
In my opening remark, I mentioned D2C as a capability we have built in. So, we are 
building multiple other capabilities in the company to drive the channel growth 
including PUP, key account management etc. So, there are three verticals, the 
Geographic Expansion is one vertical, Channel is one and Product is the other one.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
You are saying all of this should at least directionally looks like we should head for 
higher growth.  
Bharath Uppiliappan: Yes, we are trying the best we can to get the numbers moved up from where it is.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
Yes, despite a low base.  

 
Page 7 of 14 
 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, low base for Q3 always remains low base. So, I don’t think that is because Y-o-
Y is the best way to look at. In fact, this quarter number by the way is very similar to 
what we did in Q1 and if you look at historical trend Q1 and Q3 being very equal. So, 
to that extent it’s not below.  
Prakash Kapadia: 
I’m saying industry, obviously doctor has slowed down. What I was referring to the 
low base was last year in the base of Q3 there was a 9% growth in non-Covid 
revenues. That is what I meant. From that perspective, despite being 9% non-Covid 
revenues, our overall revenues are up 10%. I’m just trying to figure out what is that 
missing link because everything seems to be there but it’s not translating one for the 
industry. Obviously, we are doing better than the industry but looks like there is a 
large potential and the scientific based or evidence-based testing because anywhere 
you talk, go talk to friends, fraternity without a report no doctor is willing to give a 
medicine. So somewhere I was trying to understand what I am missing.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Agarwal from InCred Equities.   
Rahul Agarwal: 
I have four questions. I’ll try to be very quick. Firstly, on this Tier-3, Tier-4 cities. Dr. 
Om basically the management commentary around this has obviously increased as 
you also alluded that last 3-4 quarters, we have been highlighting this. I wanted to 
understand what does management really expect in terms of the change in business 
when we started tracking this? There are two things here, one is purely in terms of 
operations, how does it change your daily routine in terms of the entire effort of 
capital allocation and sales force being focused on Tier-2, Tier-4?  
Secondly in terms of financials as analysts and shareholders what should we focus 
on when this business actually sees higher growth in Tier-3, Tier-4? It could be 
revenue mix, it could be more B2B, it could be higher working capital, it could be 
lower margins, anything. And related question to that also was that the doctor 
influence in these cities according to me should be even tougher to break in Vs. what 
we see in metros. So, your thoughts please.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So, I think one of the hypotheses that we have is that our strong areas are UP, Bihar, 
Orissa, the rest of north like Punjab, Haryana etc. We have a great sort of franchise 
in larger cities. And if you look at the population of this block, I’m told UP alone is 
nearly 20+ crore. It’s a huge market and there are 75 districts and 335 tehsils. Even 
in all the districts we still don’t have labs. And these districts actually they don’t fall 
in big sort of population numbers. So, the idea is how do you go deeper in these 
markets and there’s so many businesses lying there. So, this Tier-3, Tier-4 idea 
comes that if we take larger test menu to district headquarters, so that will give us 
the ability to go deeper.  
If you look at it, Government medical infrastructure also operates something like that. 
You have a district hospital which have very large patient flow coming in and if you 
analyze that flow, actually it’s all building it up from ground up which is like Tier-3, 
Tier-4 villages etc. So, we just want to actually follow that pattern and go deeper and 
leverage our strength in these places because our brand is very strong. Now 
obviously this Tier-3, Tier-4 strategy will not work in the South and West market 
because there even in metro and Tier-1 town itself our presence is weak. So that 
clearly falls in this bucket of looking at inorganic opportunities. That’s the whole idea 
of Tier-3, Tier-4. Now I think your next question was how do you look at from working 
capital perspective, operations perspective and infrastructure? I think from a financial 
perspective, I don’t see any difference between what we do otherwise and higher 
folks on Tier-2, Tier-3. I know the realization would be lower as we go down the pop 
setup, so would also be the cost as well because many of these tests that will come 
from these places will be routine in nature. And routine testing is not in the range of 
20%-21% of the revenue but it’s more in the range of 15% odd. So, to my mind the 

 
Page 8 of 14 
 
financial profile of the P&L and the balance sheet may not change. Operationally 
yes, it’s a bit of a challenge for us because you are technically managing a network 
of business which is much more spread out than what it is today. But that I think has 
been our differentiation as well because that is why we have grown the way we've 
grown in the past mainly because our management capability of managing remote 
infrastructure and do it in a quality manner. So, I think operationally there is a bit of 
a change for us because we will have to really get the management more 
decentralized than running it from the corporate office is what I can think of.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Anything on the doctor influence?  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Doctor influence, I think that piece is where I would say we will have to use the whole 
D2C approach and brand building approach. My personal experience has been as 
we expanded out of Delhi NCR, went into other markets’ It's definitely a long-drawn 
process but over a period of time if we have a reason to communicate with the 
consumers which is more in the form of service, more in the form of health checkups, 
I have a sense that once brand crosses a particular critical mass, it becomes difficult 
for doctors to de-sell you because if everybody is using Dr. Lal PathLabs if some 
doctor says don't go there then doctor runs the risk of losing his or her own credibility. 
So, I think we know the entire brand-building process. It takes a bit of time but that 
is what we will try and do as we go forward. But obviously we will have to offset the 
doctor influence and build a Direct-to-Consumer brand.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
One more thing was this 32% to 34% of total top line which is coming from these 
markets. I see that number in a very narrow band over the last 4 years. I don't have 
the 9-month number but when I look at 19-20 what you have disclosed, it's not really 
moved ahead. So, anything different you are doing this time around that this number, 
will that actually track higher going forward? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think maybe this is the way our internal number is right now. We are giving more 
focus in the system. That is why it's coming. I think the first stage is for us to know 
where we are. The second is if the growth rate in Tier-3, Tier-4 is higher than other 
places, the answer is definitely, yes. Now, I think our teams are aiming that how do 
we accelerate their growth. So that's the whole idea. I think it just tells us that we 
have a long way to go. Yes, you are absolutely right that it may not have moved 
much’ it's still moving within the narrow range, but it needs to move up. That is what 
the whole idea is.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Secondly, I wanted to discuss one new topic with you and the team because this 
business is very largely dependent on franchisee. I don't know if the metric called 
Revenue per Franchisee really matters and I will give you the context. What I'm 
thinking is because the growth is really not picking up as what we all want to mid-
teens. And my understanding is Dr. Lal has a very decentralized franchisee network 
which basically means that each franchisee is running at max three centers maybe 
nationally. Would it be a good idea to track revenue for franchisees? That is one 
question. And secondly would it be a good idea to basically aggregate and have 
larger franchisee partners so keep them motivated, compete better, commit more 
capital and effort to basically get the growth higher?  
Bharath Uppiliappan: We have a metric called Revenue per Franchisee and we track it internally and our 
regional teams do that because underlying is the profitability of the franchisee. We 
are very conscious of that. Second thing I want to just say that is that we have got 
about 300 to 400 odd multi-franchise operators with us. So typically, it works well in 
larger cities where we can put up same person and put up three four shops and then 
kind of supervise them. Beyond that, since we have a lot of other smaller town 
operations, one person doing multiple centers from a quality of talent management 
bandwidth etc. that becomes difficult for him. And that is our observation. We 

 
Page 9 of 14 
 
encourage multi-year franchising which is we haven't stopped people from taking 
multiple centers. We got people who have gone up to 6-7. Our view is that beyond 7 
it becomes difficult to manage, the geographic dispersion, people rotation etc. But 
yes, it is an important angle of how we build franchising in the future.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
So, it does not really make any difference and there is no thought internally that we 
should do this kind of things to basically get growth up. It doesn't really help, right?  
Bharath Uppiliappan: We track profitability which is a key metric and as long as we manage that then we 
are okay with that.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
And the revenue per franchisee trend over the last post-Covid last 3 years, how is 
that behaved, according to me it should have been declining but your thoughts?  
Bharath Uppiliappan: No, it doesn't decline because of the bundling effect, the bundle test they make more 
money on that. So, on a retained revenue basis they are making more money.  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Seasonally Third Quarter has never seen such high gross margins. I think when I 
look at the past 4-5 years history, Q3 generally you see a drop in gross margins Q-
o-Q, what was different this time?  
Ved Prakash Goel: 
No, as Dr. Om mentioned in the opening speech, the operating efficiency and 
obviously the mix is also which sometimes create that. You are right in the past, there 
may not be that kind of margins. But yes, what we are doing is, right now probably 
you have seen which has improved some gross margin this time.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No. I think just to add to what Ved said is that this year definitely a lot of initiatives 
we took to improve efficiencies on both purchase, consumption, consumables and 
all that has come and baked in these numbers that is also showing up. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
But sequentially if you see Rahul, it is not very different from Q2-Q3.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Revenue was down, so he was expecting lower gross margins, right?  
Rahul Agarwal: 
Yes, I was expecting a lower number.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: You should be happy.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jeewani from IIFL Securities. 
Rahul Jeewani: 
Now if we look at our value growth for both the Third Quarter and 9M, our value 
growth has been 10%. But if we disaggregate that between volumes and realization, 
then the volume growth both for the Third Quarter and 9M seems to be between 
2.5% to 3% kind of a number. The volume growth in our portfolio both for the Third 
Quarter and the 9M has been lower only. So, can you comment in terms of slim 
growth settling over the next four quarters and are you planning to take another round 
of price increase?  
Bharath Uppiliappan:  Let me take the second question. We are not planning a price increase as of now, 
but we keep the options open. On the volume front yes, it has been a bit softer than 
what we had anticipated. What we are trying to do is to revise the volume growth by 
going deeper in the geographies of Tier-3, Tier-4. We're trying to strengthen the 
Suburban business so that Mumbai, which is a Tier-1 city we start to get a better 
presence and get a bit of medical equity also going by the new centers of excellence. 
So, there are a host of initiatives we are taking as a team to drive the volume growth 
up and we are hopeful that this will start to turn around in some time.  

 
Page 10 of 14 
 
Rahul Jeewani: 
If you are not planning to take price increase this year and if we don't see much of 
an acceleration in volume growth next year, do you think that we can sustain this 
current growth going into next year? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: No, I think that's mathematics. So, the idea is our pricing is the last resort. We don't 
want to use pricing as a lever to show higher revenue growth. We definitely want to 
make sure that the volume is the lever to show higher revenue growth. There's no 
doubt about that and we don't want to also get into a situation where we keep 
increasing prices and start losing our competitive advantage. We just took price 
increase last year. As Bharath mentioned, that as of now there's no plan. If the 
situation demands if we are not able to cover up our cost through higher gross 
margin, then we'll consider this. Because last year price increase was not taken on 
the entire portfolio. It was only taken on the part of the portfolio. We still have a 
possibility of taking other part of the portfolio, but we will use that as a last resort 
because we want to stimulate volume growth. That is very clear in our mind.  
Rahul Jeewani: 
Since you pointed out that you are trying to accelerate your growth by ramping up 
Suburban, so can you call out the growth for Suburban this quarter both in terms of 
value and volume? I'm assuming that the value growth in Suburban would be higher 
than the 10% number which we have delivered at an overall company level.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think Suburban though Shankha mentioned. But last time also I think I talked about 
this. We are actually doing a very strategic shift in Suburban. The shift is basically 
driving growth through channel collection centers. And we are also doing a strategic 
shift from our B2B doctor driven business to Direct to Consumer. So, there are early 
green shoots where we are seeing this strategy is working. I think you will have to 
give us a little bit of few more quarters to actually start sharing these numbers in 
much more detail. Right now, I think numbers are still subdued but we are very 
confident that this whole franchisee network driven Direct to Consumer business 
should work for us and will give us long term sustainable advantage. Because I think 
Rahul or somebody asked about this doctor influence, we want to really come out of 
that mode and drive direct to consumer growth. So, give us few more quarters to talk 
about Suburban as we go along.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Omkar Kamtekar from Bonanza.  
Omkar Kamtekar: 
First question that I wanted to ask was what was the Free Cash Flow generation for 
the quarter and for the Nine months? 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
We have Rs. 853 crore net cash in our books and for 9M we have added about Rs. 
250 crore roughly. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
What is the FCF generated for the quarter. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
For the quarter it is roughly Rs. 116 crore. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
If we calculate the Revenue per Patient, the revenue per patient for the year YTD 9 
months is Rs. 796, so let's round it up to Rs. 800. Other than the change in the mix, 
what are the drivers that we can see that this revenue per patient can increase? 
Because it has been very steadily increasing. It's now close to Rs. 800. What do you 
think it will take to reach maybe Rs. 850 and higher levels? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think there are some things that have helped as you rightly mentioned, one is 
Swasthfit package, price increase, mix change, all that has contributed to this. Now 
going forward, we clearly foresee that this bundling of high-end tests is a low-hanging 
opportunity for us, and I think should drive Revenue per Patient. But I won't change 

 
Page 11 of 14 
 
this number as much as the volume growth because I know if I go down the pop 
strata, go to smaller towns that may pull this number down as well. So, as a metric I 
think to me this could be a side effect rather than the main effect that we will probably 
drive. Our focus essentially would continue to remain on two things is that how do 
we get more number of tests per patient and how do we get more patients? That's it. 
Rest I think this P&L will take care of itself. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
On that point, answering in the previous question you said that we are focusing more 
on the B2C segment and trying to get the customer more aware about our offerings.  
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Let me correct this. I think the whole B2C or D2C idea is how do we keep the brand 
as top of mind. I would actually say that we want to keep the top-of-mind awareness 
of Dr. Lal because as and when the need arises the person should think of Dr. Lal 
PathLabs rather than any other brand. And that can be served through many other 
channels. It can be served through even hospital also. No problem. It can be served 
through a smaller lab also as long as the person is very keen to have a report from 
Dr. Lal PathLabs in his or her access. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
So, it's like we are trying to position ourselves as the product leader, service leader. 
So, with that in mind are we looking at, for example with respect to the other players 
that are there in the industry what they are doing is they are entering into contracts 
or maybe MoUs with these smaller town Tier-2, Tier-3 hospitals, district hospitals, 
etc., and they can get a captive audience right from Day1. The volumes are there for 
them because the people are there right from Day1 everybody is going to these 
specific hospitals in their regions. So, is that something of a route that we may go 
down? Maybe we can even approach Government hospitals for that matter so that 
the volume that we have been missing could be brought on board. Is that something 
that could be taken up? 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Let's put it this way that we will look at all channels as long as we are assured of let 
us say the volume and also the payments coming in through. Government contracts 
we evaluate very carefully because there are multiple angles to be taken care of. So, 
we have been kind of present in all the areas where the Government hospitals are. 
We do have contracts with the Government on many fronts. So as long as we look 
at the total commercial package and it makes sense for us, we will definitely do those 
agreements and sign-ups. But if they don't, then we will rather walk away from those 
opportunities. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think we need to be careful about, are we managing the optics of volume growth or 
are we exploring long term sustainable advantage? If we are to manage optics of 
volume growth there are multiple ways to get this volume so we can actually 
tomorrow run a huge sugar camp and you will have lakhs and lakhs of customer 
coming in. So, I don't think that is what we want to do. We want to make sure that 
whatever we do is sustainable and profitable. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
On the cash flow question, we have approximately Rs. 800 odd crore worth of cash 
in the books. Any color with respect to any acquisition in the pipeline or maybe 
something that is on the block. Not that I ask you to disclose it but are we looking for 
any specific acquisition or something so that we can utilize this cash? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I agree with you actually our strategy is fairly clear which is that we want to have 
market access and that can come through both organic which is what Tier-3, Tier-4 
we keep talking about, will come through organic means in our strong markets and 
other markets it's all M&A. I think the last M&A that we did was Suburban 2.5 years 
back and our thesis is that okay if you do 10 M&As, 3-4 may not work but the other 
4-5-6 which will work will take care of the failures. I think the last 3 years’ valuations 
had gone through the roof and expectations of even private players was in line with 

 
Page 12 of 14 
 
the sort of public market multiples which we cannot give. And I think now with a 
smoothening of curve, and I can see the numbers of other companies as they are 
getting declared. My sense is that the P&L of many of these companies will come 
under a bit of stress. And hopefully this whole M&A piece should open up and we 
are open to doing M&A in those markets where we need it. 
Omkar Kamtekar: 
Have we scouted any candidates? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Right now, I don't think we have anything that can be shared with anyone, but efforts 
are always on. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Punit Pujara from Helios Capital. 
Punit Pujara: 
If I look at margins on a 9M basis be it gross margins or EBITDA margins so gross 
margins are expanded by 2% points and EBITDA margins 3% points. And Dr. Om, I 
remember in the last call you mentioned that having higher margins you also attract 
more competition. So, the question I'm coming to is, is there room for you to reinvest 
these margins to accelerate volume growth which I believe comes out from the call 
that's a key metric you want to improve. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Sorry I missed the last line. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: Is there a way to reinvest the extra margin? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: I think we have done that piece quite a bit. While I don't know whether line-wise items 
are visible to you or not. We have invested in 2-line items aggressively. One is our 
A&P which has significantly gone up what we have done in the last couple of years. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
And IT expense. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: There was one more thing I think on the technology front we are actually a tech 
company. A lot of investment has gone in these areas. Maybe one area that probably 
we would like to invest is go deeper and spend on bit of a Lab infra in Tier-3, Tier-4 
that we have repeatedly talked about on this call because sometimes it's very difficult 
to actually know what all these efficiency efforts will lead to since we believe we have 
a buffer and so we will start investing. And I think some of those efforts have already 
started in the second half of this financial year. But to reassure you that we want to 
invest for growth. We are not here to just maximize the margins and show down. The 
idea is to really reinvest some of this profitability back into the top-line growth and 
that too more on volumes. 
Punit Pujara: 
Dr. Om, you also mentioned about driving a durable growth which in my opinion is 
through number of patients increasing but on 9M basis, patients have increased by 
2.5% odd and your number of tests have grown by 8% which implies that this 
bundling of test is working really well. But organic patient volume growth in your mind 
will that be a right metric for that durable growth that we just referred to? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Actually, I know we have always talked about patient growth, volume growth. These 
are actually not patients. They are actually patient visits. And what we are little 
unsure about that whether all the efforts of bundling, etc., or fever panel, etc., are 
leading to reduction in patient visits. You understand what I mean? 
Punit Pujara: 
Yes. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: So that piece actually we are not able to establish through data because it is not a 
regular purchase. Patient comes to us only when that person needs us. So sometime 

 
Page 13 of 14 
 
that patient can drop off. It's not that the patient has dropped off because he or she 
has gone to competition. Patient has dropped off because that patient now is cured 
and does not need us and will come back maybe after 2-3 years whenever the need 
arises. So, these are all patient visits. So, I think we are also parallelly tracking. We 
are not in a position to share that data because we do not have the capability to get 
the exact number. But from a trend perspective we are constantly looking at what's 
happening to unique patients rather than looking at just patient visits. And also, 
please remember these patient visits as we are talking about, I think 3 quarters back 
were also in a trajectory where it was negative growth by the way. We may have 
forgotten this. So, to that extent actually we are seeing, I have the data in front of 
me. Q2 FY23 -2.3%, Q4 FY23 -4.8%, Q1 FY24 -0.9%. I think on the back of that 
negative growth having these 3 quarters positive also is a positive sign I would say. 
So, we are improving. We are still not there but I think there is a slight improvement 
on these numbers. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: And things have done exceedingly well on sample growth. So, this growth of revenue 
is not only driven by pricing. It is driven by samples growth which is more testing 
also. 
Punit Pujara: 
This Tech investments that you referred to will enable you to track this unique 
patient's visit in a better way I believe. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: Only in one segment because some segments like which comes through hospitals, 
which comes through even collection centers also a limited way, but which is coming 
directly to us that we can track definitely. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Prashant Nair from Ambit Capital. 
Prashant Nair: 
Dr. Om, I think you partially addressed this but if you could elaborate a bit more. 
When you talk about maybe increasing lab infra to target Tier-2, Tier-3 cities, is there 
any way you can quantify either number of labs, or if you could even give qualitative 
color on will these labs be similar to what you currently run in the bigger cities, or will 
they kind of have slightly more limited test menu, will the number of spokes they can 
support or number of connection centers they can support be higher, lower than what 
you have currently? I mean is the nature of the network likely to change or is it just 
adding the way you have been adding so far? 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: If you study our infra, we went through a stage where there used to be Satellite Labs 
and there was a Central Lab, if you go back 10 years. And now we are sitting on a 
format where there's an in between layer called Hub labs. These Hub labs are more 
similar to Central Lab but they are still not Central Lab. So, I think it's more a 
colonization of that cluster where you have put already a Hub lab, let's say, in a city 
like Varanasi or city like Kanpur. Now you want to go deeper in that cluster with 
satellite labs. Obviously, the answer to your question is that this will have a limited 
or may not be that wide a menu but as the volume picks up the menu will also 
expand. These labs will act more as a feeder to the big lab that we have in the region. 
So, it will have a limited menu. 
Prashant Nair: 
Is there any target in terms of setting up XX number of labs. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: We are in the process of identifying those markets. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: We have done 20, announced 20 now. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: We have already said that we will do 20 labs, by when will that be ready? 

 
Page 14 of 14 
 
Bharath Uppiliappan: March-April. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: By March-April, 20 more will be ready. 
Bharath Uppiliappan: We are actually in the process. 
Dr. Om P. Manchanda: 20 labs are right now in the works and by May when we come for the next results, 
those labs will be up and running. While having said that we are also doing planning 
for next year because we want to identify the potential towns for us and the support 
system for these labs and then maybe at the next meeting we'll be in a better position 
to highlight those. But I think directionally, you should get an idea that we are 
expanding our market access going deeper. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as our last question. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you sir. 
Ved Prakash Goel: 
Thank you, everyone, for being with us on this call today. I hope we are able to 
answer all your points satisfactorily. Please feel free to reach out to us in case you 
have any further questions. Thank you once again. 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The Company or sender takes no responsibility 
for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
 
 
