el 
Regd. Address 
: Marathon Futurex, baile 
id, N. M. Joshi Marg, Lower 
Pare! 
i 
== MARATHON 
Come LM 
g 
Date: February 12, 2024 
To 
BSE Limited, 
NSE Limited, 
Listing Department, 
Listing Department, 
PJ. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Mumbai - 400001. 
BKC, Bandra (East), Mumbai - 400051 
Scrip Code: 503101 
NSE Code: MARATHON 
Sub: Transcript of 03 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and Regulation 46(2) (oa) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of Q3 FY'24 
earnings conference call held on Friday, February 9, 2024. The Transcript is also available on 
the Company's website at https:/ /www.marathonnextgen.com/. 
This is for your information and record. 
Yours Truly, 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
CE 
K S Raghavan 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A8269 
MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LTD. 
T 
: 022 6724 8484/88 
CIN: LEBS90MHIS7SPLEC2G050 
702, Marathon Max,Mulund-Goregaon Link Road, 
E 
: marathon@marathonrealty.com 
WEB: www.marathon.in 
Mulund (W).Mumbai 400080 
www.marathonnextgen.com 

 
 
Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
“Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited Q3 FY-24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHETAN SHAH – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED. 
MR. MAYUR SHAH – VICE CHAIRMAN, MARATHON 
NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. KAIVALYA SHAH – PROJECT HEAD (NEO 
HOMES), MARATHON NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 
MR. SAMYAG SHAH – PROJECT HEAD, MARATHON 
FUTURE X & NEXTGEN REALTY LIMITED 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 12 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited Q3 FY24 
Earning Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that the conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Binay Sarda from E&Y. Thank you and over to you sir.   
Binay Sarda: 
Thanks, Manuja. Good afternoon to all the participants on the call and thanks for joining this Q3 
FY24 Earnings Call for our Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited. 
Please note that we have mailed out the “Press Release and Presentation” to everyone and you 
can also see the results on our website as well as it has been uploaded on the Stock Exchanges. 
In case you have not received the same, you can write to us, and we will be happy to send it over 
to you.  
Before we proceed with the call, let me remind you that the discussion may contain forward-
looking statements that may involve known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. It 
must be viewed in conjunction with our businesses that could cause future results, performance 
or achievement to differ significantly from what is expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statements.  
To take us through the results of this quarter and answer our questions we have with us the 
management of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited represented by Mr. Chetan Shah – Chairman 
and Managing Director, Mr. Mayur Shah – Vice Chairman, Mr. Kaivalya Shah, Project Head, 
Neo Homes, Mr. Samyag M. Shah, Project Head, Marathon Future X and Nextgen. 
We will be starting the call with a “Brief Overview” of the quarter gone past, which will then be 
followed with a Q&A session. With that said, I’ll now hand over the call to Mr. Chetan Shah. 
Over to you, sir.  
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you Binay. Good afternoon, I am Chetan Shah, Managing Director of MNRL, Marathon 
Nextgen Realty Limited, and with me Mayur Shah, Samyag Shah and Kaivalya Shah are present 
here. 
Friends, we are delighted to post yet another quarter of strong performance with the nine-month 
profit, surpassing the previous full year’s profit on the back of robust and resilient demand 
environment. Our prudent approach to achieve growth while maintaining profitability has 
resulted in a strong financial performance across all our key metrics. The Company experienced 
sustained demand across its portfolio, a testament on the enduring appeal of its project and the 
trust it has garnered among homebuyers and office buyers and investors alike. We continue to 
deleverage our balance sheet supported by our strong cash flows. We remain committed to 
delivering exceptional value to our customers while driving sustainable growth for our 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 12 
stakeholders. As we look ahead, we are strategically positioned for sustained growth with a 
robust pipeline of projects catering to various price segments.  
Friends, now for “Operational Highlights” for Q3 FY24: 
Area sold in terms of square feet stood at 1,71,757 square feet, booking value stood at Rs.258 
crores, collections stood at Rs.206 crores, average realization stood at Rs.21,271 per square feet 
for commercial and Rs.12,232 per square feet for residential segments. If we look at operational 
highlights for the nine-month Financial Year ‘24 for three quarters – area sold stood at 4,34,653 
square feet. This compared well with 3,33,000 of previous nine months. Booking value stood at 
642 crore comparing it with the previous nine months of 454 crore. Collections stood at 507 
crore comparing it with previous nine months of 441 crore. Average realization stood at 
Rs.19,602 per square feet for commercial and Rs.12,492 per square feet for residential.  
If we look at consolidated Q3 FY24 “Financial Performance”: 
Net revenue stood at 210 crore compared to 278 crores in Q3 FY23. EBITDA stood at 96 crores 
compared to 143 crore in Q3 FY23, profit before tax stood at 57 crore compared to 103 crores 
in Q3 FY23 and profit after tax stood at 51 crores compared to 80 crore in Q3 FY23. Friends 
real estate is a long gestation business. So, the idea is to compare a longer duration financial 
performance and if we compare the consolidated nine months FY24 financial performance, net 
revenue stood at 549 crore compared to 546 crore in nine months FY23. EBITDA stood at year-
on-year at 242 crores which is 44% of our turnover revenues. Profit before tax stood at 136 crore 
compared to 134 crores for nine months FY23 which is 25% of net revenues. Profit after tax 
stood at 128 crore compared to 107 crore which is an increase of 23% margin from earlier 20% 
margin. Net debt, we are trying to deleverage the Company and we have achieved significantly 
on that front. So, the net debt stood at 733 crores as on 31st December 23, versus previous quarter 
net debt of 845 crore.  
Now, if we look at cash flow for the quarter as on 31st December ‘23: 
The total pending estimated project cost to be incurred stand at 1009 crore, against that we have 
a balanced collection from sold inventory, completed and ongoing in all launched project stood 
at 812 crores and add to that estimated revenue from unsold inventory of Rs.1711 that makes it 
2533 crore of total revenue yet to be received against 1009 crore of cost that results in more than 
1500 crore of surplus from these ongoing projects. This is based on 40% revenue share for our 
Monte South project.  
Friends with this, I briefly touched upon all the numbers and the quarterly performance as well 
as nine months performance. Now, we open the floor for questions, if you have any related to 
either result or the Company performance. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Priyam Potdar from Value Equity. Please go ahead. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 12 
Priyam Potdar: 
How are we seeing the demand in Panvel. Our Nexzone Phase-1 is slated to complete by 
December 25. By then we may also see some significant progress on the Navi Mumbai airport. 
Will that be a key factor in how the future demand rates will shape up. And what is our take on 
outlook of the scenario, our strategy for the launches in the next phases?  
Management: 
So this Panvel is seeing a lot of traction because of two things. One is of course, as you 
mentioned upcoming airport which is now slated at December this year or at the most March 
next year for the first flight to take off. So that is one aspect, and second is of course the trans 
harbour link which is recently open. Both these major infrastructure project in Maharashtra has 
given a fillip to the Panvel area and we are also seeing that in the inquiries and conversion that 
is happening at Panvel, I would want Samyag who was looking after the project to share some 
highlight. 
Samyag Shah: 
Thanks for the question. So, definitely what you are saying is correct, especially after the trans 
harbor link has opened up, the preliminary sort of activity that we are seeing in terms of leads 
and walk-in is good, we are hoping to get it converted into bookings also, though we would like 
to wait a couple of quarters to sort of know for sure where the trend is heading. In terms of our 
phases, pretty much most of Phase-1 actually is sold, and a lot of phase two is also sold, but yes, 
we will get some benefit in terms of velocity as well as rate in the balance inventory that we 
have in those phases. As well as our phase three, which is still under approvals, and we are 
hoping to launch it soon. 
Management: 
Also, there is a group land in Panvel, Mayur would want to share that.  
Mayur Shah: 
So, Panvel story is a very, now whatever the time which is gone because we were expecting this 
to happen three, four years earlier. However, the sea link has made a sea change into the 
connectivity. And we are hoping that the South Bombay, particularly Central Bombay and South 
Bombay will be definitely attracted to move as a second or first home into that region. And the 
group has a huge land potential, which is available to be kept very close to the airport. As the 
brand Marathon has been on the highest selling in that area, we already have a very high level 
of penetration into the customer market share. Definitely we plan to explore this in the coming 
years to come.  
Management: 
Does that answer your question? 
Priyam Potdar: 
Yes. I have a couple of follow ups on the balance sheet side also. So, I believe you have bought 
the debt to equity levels at 75%. What is the further debt reduction plan. And if you can state 
our roadmap for the next three to five years, that would be helpful. 
Management: 
Well, it’s not that long a period for debt reduction. As you have seen, we have reduced our debt 
from 1.41 to 0.99 last quarter, and currently we are at 0.75. So debt reduction is very quickly 
happening. As, I’ve mentioned in the previous call, what we call is a comfortable debt equity 
ratio is anything between 0.5 and 0.75. So, we are reaching our target of that comfortable debt 
equity ratio, and if you see the quarterly debt equity that has moved from 1.83 at 1.9 to 1.07 and 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 12 
now to 0.75. So, that is a very comfortable position. If we see the debt service ratio, what is more 
important than inter service coverage ratio and debt coverage ratio, those two have also gone 
substantially improved interest service is currently at 1.24, considering this quarter having bigger 
financial amortization cost, even then the debt service is comfortable at 1.24 and the debt 
reduction had already taken place from 856 crore to 784 crore and the net debt has reduced from 
845 to 733 crore. So, that is the path.  
Kaivalya Shah: 
So, I would like to add further, my name is Kaivalya. That is other than reducing debt. We have 
reduced the cost of debt also. The last quarter average was 14.44. Now, our average has gone 
down to 12.5% interest. Also I would like to add one more thing, while we increased two more 
projects in the organization we still have a total debt coming down to 785, of the 785 crores, 50 
crores is new debt, but in front of the new debt we got a lot more square footage also. So, if you 
compare last quarter projects and this quarters projects, we have further reduced it by 50 crores. 
So, the debt has gone down further. And that being said, a lot of our projects have reached Future 
X and Monte South have reached finality. So, now when we finish the project, we get further 
more profit. So, essentially our equity increases. So, net debt to equity, the denominator 
essentially will increase automatically reducing the ratio. So, effectively what we are saying is 
we have had reduced debt by 131 crore, and we acquired a new project where we have a new 
debt of 73 crore. So, effectively that is how the debt has moved. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Shreegopal Agarwal from Aagman 
Advisory LLP. Please go ahead. 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
Sir can you just let us know, on the progress related to the recently acquired 14 acres of land in 
Bhandup and what is the kind of response you are getting for the Neo Homes Kaveri and 
Narmada? 
Management: 
Good, Bhandup is going to contribute substantially in the turnover. And we have already said 
that the GDP value of this acquisition is about 2500 crore. And out of that, we have launched 
certain first phase of it. And Kaivalya will share those numbers.  
Kaivalya Shah: 
So, just for your information with already uploaded a Bhandup 14 acre presentation on NSE and 
BSE. That being said, the 14 acres GDP is around 2500 crores, of which we have launched 
around 3.5 lakh square foot, of which we have sold around 1.8 lakh square feet. So, that’s the 
figure in terms of Bhandup, the response of Neo Homes is phenomenal. We are getting an 
average rate of Rs.10,000 on square feet. And the demand is, amazing especially for smaller 
homes. And to further add, the budget also speaks about smaller homes, affordable homes and 
some incentives coming around it. We are not sure exactly what, but we are hoping for something 
good in the budget also. In terms of future, we according to our presentation also in seven years, 
we intend to launch the rest of the project. So, 2500 GDP, will be divided into seven years. 
That’s how we intend to launch future projects.  
Management: 
Yes. Does that answer your question? 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 12 
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
Yes, sir very much. Sir two more questions. When can we expect the launch of the next phases 
of Monte South, Nexzone and Neo Park projects, which are in the pipeline. And also what are 
the other projects in pipeline which we plan to launch in the future?  
Management: 
Yes. So we have already shared this number in Monte South we have already launched the Tower 
C and regarding Monte South Mayur want to say more about it.  
Mayur Shah: 
So, Monte South, we are going to bring another three lakh square feet of new inventory for the 
booking and the Montel South project has really picked up a good velocity of booking as it is 
seen in our numbers like typically around 60 to 70,000 square feet, we are almost quarterly 
averaging for the last almost four to six quarters. Looking at that, we already launched three lakh 
square feet of Tower C and we are getting reasonably good response in that in a similar fashion. 
Management: 
Just about Nexzone so, as we had communicated earlier, Nexzone phase three we have pretty 
much finalized the design and we are now in the approval stage. We would take another two 
three more quarters to get it to market. This phase three will be approximately four lakh square 
foot and we are hoping to get sale value of around 240 to 250 crores from this phase. 
Management: 
And regarding Bhandup also, we intend to launch around two and a half lakh square feet in the 
coming year, again the value of that would be around 230 to 250 crores. So, just summarizing 
what we all said, around 10 lakh square feet is what we intend to launch in the next year, value 
of which would be around 1100 to 1200 crore. To add to that Millennium we have received 
occupation up to 20th floor and we intend to launch further around one lakh square feet of 
Millennium. So, again the value of that would be around 120 crores. So, to add to that so around 
1300 crores is the launch of next year what we meant. So, that is a launch pipeline of 1300 crore 
for next twelve month.  
Shreegopal Agarwal: 
Got it sir. Sir just one more final question. So, Marathon Future X, Lower Parel development 
was completed in December, is it fair to assume that the remaining unsold inventory we have is 
for ready position with OC available? 
Management: 
So, that project may have already topped out up to the 30th floor, there is a very small portion 
where we are still awaiting occupation certificate that’s close to around 8000 area and tail area. 
But rest of the building has already achieved occupation certificate. Commercial tends to do 
much better post occupation certificate that has been our trend with Future X and even to some 
extent to Millennium that we are seeing. And we are hoping because it is a large inventory, 
which we still have in Future X. So hopefully in the next four to six quarters. We hope to exhaust 
that entire inventory. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
The previous participant just asked all my questions. But, I just have one more. I missed a point 
on Bhandup Phase-1, when it was launched exactly. I missed that point.  

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 12 
Management: 
So Bhandup the 14 acres was acquired in the last quarter. However the launch was already done 
in that specific Company, which is Nexzone Fiscal around 2022 October. That’s when it was 
launched. And we have sold around 1,80,000 square feet in two specific projects, which is Neo 
Valley Kaveri and Neo Valley Narmada.  
Management: 
Aditya, the project was launched by the previous Company and our Company acquired it in last 
quarter. 
Aditya Sen: 
Understood. And from the upcoming launches of Nexzone and Bhandup and all, in how many 
years do we expect to sell the entire inventory. I see that 40% of the bookings are done on the 
launch itself. But for the remaining 60%, how much time should it take ideally? 
Management: 
The sales are very quick, as Kaivalya mentioned, the sales are not a problem. The problem in 
Bhandup area is accessibility of the project and speed of construction, moving of the material. 
So whenever we launch a project, most of these projects are 23 storied tower, so those towers 
take about two and a half to three years to complete. And during that time, everything gets sold 
so sales and all the numbers we can say that, that gets fully booked in three years’ time from the 
launch. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Karan Kamdar from DRChoksey 
Finserv Pvt Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Karan Kamdar: 
So, what I wanted to understand a little bit is, the Future X project in Lower Parel. I understand 
that it is 100% so by when would we be able to share the entire inventory? 
Management: 
I’ll just repeat maybe I was not clear in the previous answer. So, that entire project Future X, it’s 
a 13 storey building which is already completed up to the stock slab, there is a little bit of terrace 
which is currently going on. We have received occupation certificate.  
Management: 
So we were at the last question regarding Future X completion.  
Management: 
Yes, so Future X ready inventory, we expect to sell off the entire inventory in the next four to 
six quarters. That is our aim. 
Management: 
Does that answer your question?  
Karan Kamdar: 
Yes, that does answer my question. Thank you sir. Another question I have is this Neo Valley 
Narmada, so these buildings how many floors and how many such projects in Bhandup do we 
plan to launch? 
Management: 
So, like mentioned in the 14 acres, there are around each project would be around one and a half 
to two acres. So around seven odd projects we will be launching around such a site. Again, the 
GDP of that would be to 2500 crores and we already launched first part of it with GDP of 360 
crore. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 12 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Jojo Shaju from Alpha Invesco 
Research Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Jojo Shaju: 
Most of my questions is already answered. So, just one question from my side. So, my 
understanding is that, under Neo Homes brand, the Company has launched six projects so far 
including the group level entities. So, I believe the Neo Sky which is under the CO Developers 
and Neo Phase which is under Nextzone Realty. So, does the Company have any plans for 
acquiring this project, this Company too like what we have done with the acquisition of Nexzone 
Fiscal Services? 
Chetan Shah: 
Yes. So, Jojo the idea is to acquire more and more projects into the listed entity. There are certain 
projects which are left outside are some partnership and joint venture project, which are anyway 
getting completed. So something that you mentioned about Neo Sky, that’s anyway getting 
completed. So that’s not getting acquired in this entity. Rest of it, most of the projects are already 
into the entity either we have acquired the entities Nexzone Fiscal Services, or we have acquired 
the project. 
Management: 
To add to it Jojo. So Bhandup we have two zones which is six and a half acres where we are 
doing Neo Square, Neo Park and the other 14 acres that’s being freshly acquired. That’s where 
Neo Valley one and two, which is Kaveri and Narmada are. The older projects that you 
mentioned, Chetan Shah just mentioned, they are nearing OC or almost complete. So any further 
Bhandup project that we will be launching, we will be launching in the listed entity. So currently, 
we already have acquisition of about 20 acre project in listed entity. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Kunal Jain from District D. Please 
go ahead. 
Kunal Jain: 
Sir my first question is that, can you provide detail on the redevelopment projects that are in 
pipeline. And, as you have guided earlier that you are having some projects and what kind of 
margins can we expect from this project? 
Chetan Shah: 
So, currently the redevelopment projects are still under exploration. We are looking at a couple 
of proposals from South Mumbai, the margins are generally what we are showing, EBITDA 
margins are 40% upwards, and net profit margins would come to 20% profit after tax. So these 
are, some of the numbers that are generally our metric for acquiring a new project. As far as the 
new redevelopment proposal, Mayur will share some ideas.  
Mayur Shah: 
So we are very specific, as Chetan Shah mentioned on the margin. So depending upon the margin 
availability, our target segment is location-wise, it’s between Lower Parel, Worli to South 
Mumbai. And typically, these redevelopment projects takes little time to fructify. So a lot of 
negotiations and society meetings are happening. So we are quite hopeful that we will be able to 
acquire one of two projects in the next three to four quarter. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 12 
Kunal Jain: 
Okay, sir next three to four quarters. And sir on price hikes, my other question is on price hike 
that what is the kind of expectation we have for going forward? 
Chetan Shah: 
So currently, we are seeing price forming up on all the segments in all the projects. Mayur will 
mention about the Monte South project which is a Byculla project South Mumbai project. 
Mayur. 
Mayur Shah: 
Yes, on the South Mumbai we are seeing a good traction and increase in the prices for the ready 
inventory. Under construction prices are more or less stabilized. But the ready inventory are 
almost increased by 5% to 10% depending upon the type of unit on the higher floors. In the 
commercial market, we have seen a good increase in the price, which Samyag will share. 
Samyag Shah: 
So if we have to just look at especially Marathon Future X, the approximate rate that we have 
achieved in the Q3 for the sales that we have done is almost Rs.26,000 plus on saleable area. So, 
it’s almost 3% to 5% given quarter-and-quarter increase from what we had achieved earlier. We 
hope to keep capitalizing on this price gain without obviously we have mentioned before as well, 
we don’t want to reduce the velocity of sales, we all realize that most of our projects are of a 
significant size. And for such projects velocity of sales is also crucial. So, wherever we can 
increase the rates, while achieving the velocity that we have aim for, we will definitely go ahead 
and do that. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harmit Desai from Pendulum Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
Harmit Desai: 
Sir firstly, I want to ask regarding this quarter. So how many projects are expected to get full or 
partial OC, so how many units are you looking at? 
Management: 
This quarter there is no specific OC. 
Management: 
So this December quarter we did get OC of Millennium up to 20th floor. So that’s the new 
information in terms of OC. I didn’t understand your second part of the question? 
Harmit Desai: 
So, sir for the coming quarter can you please guide which are the projects which are under 
pipeline? 
Management: 
In the coming quarters we don’t expect any specific building to get OC, but tower A is a soonest 
Monte South that will be getting OC and then Neo Square we shall be getting OC, that could be 
two quarters though. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. And sir on the strategy I had two, three questions. So, first I would like to ask you that. 
Sir, how are you thinking on enhancing the project execution capabilities, in terms of scaling up 
from say current levels? 
Management: 
Marathon is unique in the sense that we have A to Z of real estate in-house. So, currently our 
capacity to execute is not fully occupied, we can actually take much more projects with our 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 12 
existing capacity that is how it is so, capacity enhancement from execution perspective is not 
necessary, what is required is the right kind of a project and the financial ability to acquire such 
project. So, that is what we are working on. 
Harmit Desai: 
Okay. Secondly sir, by when do you think that you can do 2000 crore of yearly booking run 
rate? 
Management: 
That’s a good answer, we are also trying to figure that out, what is important is growth with a 
very safe environment. So, what we have been doing is our ability to acquire projects which are 
having such good margin and sustained growth. So, if you have seen our last five years track 
record, then the growth has been substantial. And we intend to even accelerate that growth. But 
other than that, I will not be able to tell you the exact timeline by which we can achieve x number 
or y number of revenue. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Dr. Amit Vora from The 
Homoeopathic Clinic. Please go ahead.  
Dr. Amit Vora: 
So, first of all, I will congratulate all of you for the excellent set of results. I’m sure this results 
are not comparable with the last quarter because that last quarter had some big sale of Marathon 
property at Parel, so it’s not comparable, but in other sense the results are excellent, as you 
compare quarter-and-quarter. So, my question is regarding any new launches for the Adani 
project, the project sea building or the Tower C. 
Management: 
Amit that name of the project is Monte South, Mayur will mention that. 
Mayur Shah: 
So, Amit Monte South Tower C which is named as Monte South Zermatt is already the 
foundation level we have already reached. And we are about to launch three lakh square feet of 
area in that building for the next year. Okay.  
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Okay. And regarding the Panvel Project, so opening of this new Atal Bridge, does that helps us 
in sales or are that generating more inquires? 
Management: 
Yes, certainly.  
Management: 
Yes. So, absolutely like we mentioned earlier, the preliminary feedback we are getting on the 
ground, in terms of inquiries and walk-ins has been amazing. What we would also like to mention 
is, our Panvel is also a fairly large area, and our project location happens to be the nearest to the 
Mumbai Trans Harbour Link. So, even within the Panvel micro market this becomes a huge 
attraction for our project. In terms of conversions, as we had mentioned earlier, we would like 
to wait a couple of quarters before we can see how the velocity of sales is happening, whether 
there is possibilities of increasing sale rate, and we will keep evaluating it on an ongoing basis, 
but definitely it’s been a huge boost. In addition, many people are also seeing a lot of work in 
development happening on the first terminal of the airport, people were just talking about it, but 
now it’s quite visible the progress of work over there. So, both of these things are very, very, 
very huge, incentives and benefits for us in our projects. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 12 
Management: 
And Amit, we have been as a Marathon Group has a substantial huge land bank in the Panvel 
location, and we were actually waiting for this thing to happen, this Atal Bridge has really made 
entire South Mumbai within 40 to 60 minutes reach to this location. And we are quite optimistic 
that in the next five to seven years, lot of development is possible by Marathon in that region. 
And we intend to bring those projects into our Marathon Nextgen quite soon in a couple of years.  
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Yes, thank you so much. One last question about this bill, in this recent announcement by the by 
Prime Minister, that regarding this people living in Chawls and slums and rented house, they 
were planning to, the country is planning to do something for them. So, in terms of PMAY, or 
do we see any benefit there for Marathon, recent one month back. 
Management: 
Yes, so now the focus of the government is that the PMAY was targeted for six and half lakh 
kind of an income, and that they have really reached in the outskirts of the metro cities. This 
time, the Prime Minister announced for urban poor and urban poor, definitely the projects of 
affordable housing within the Mumbai and MMR will get some benefit, because typically this 
six and a half lakhs kind of income generating and below 45 lakhs type of a unit was not, the 
urban poor were not getting the advantage of it, because the cost of flats in the Mumbai are at 
least 50 to 60 lakhs and above. So, we are quite hopeful that this time whatever the benefit which 
is going to come will be focused towards the urban area. And definitely Marathon will be able 
to increase the sales to those customers through these incentives.  
Dr. Amit Vora: 
If you see our Bhandup project which has been recently launched the Neo Bhandup project the 
Neo for next five years, which was shown in the presentation one month back. So that Bhandup 
project, which is of this lower middle income group category, so could we see they are getting 
huge business with this focus of Prime Minister? 
Management: 
Definitely the rules are yet to be announced. But we see that if and when it comes to an urban 
poor, Bhandup would be the first project to get qualified under such scheme. Because we are 
almost there, we are just crossing that 45 lakh limit. And if they do away with the limit, and they 
have an area limit of 300 square feet, then Bhandup project qualifies. But currently the upper 
limit of cost of premises is 45 lakhs, that’s where Bhandup project does not qualify in some 
sense. So that’s why we definitely see some sort of a benefit coming through this scheme. As 
soon as the rules are announced, I’m pretty hopeful that some of our new launches in Bhandup 
would be coming under these schemes.  
Dr. Amit Vora: 
Thank you so much, it would be really gratefully if some of the rules, whenever they come if 
you can just let us know.  
Management: 
Yes, I hope so. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. As there are no further questions from the participants. I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 

 
Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 12 
Chetan Shah: 
Thank you very much for participating in conference year Q3 FY24 Results, we are very hopeful 
about future performance and hope to keep sharing the news with you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator:  
On behalf of Marathon Nextgen Realty Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
