 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
Corporate Office: 13, Sector-44, Gurugram-122 002, Haryana, India. Ph: + 91 12-4518900 
Registered Office: B-6/20, L.S.C., Safdarjung Enclave, New Delhi-110 029, India, Ph: +91-11-40511800 
E-mail: enquiries@sandhar.in, website: www.sandhargroup.com; CIN-L74999DL1987PLC029553  
 
 
Ref: STL/SE/ 2023-24/Investor Call Transcript /77 
 
Dated: 12th February, 2024 
 
To,                                                                              To, 
Department of Corporate Services                             Listing Department  
BSE Limited                                                               National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street                   C-1, G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai- 400001                                                        Bandra, (E), Mumbai- 400051 
 
BSE Code: 541163, NSE: SANDHAR 
 
Sub: Transcript of Investor’s Conference Call held for Q3 FY 2023-2024  
 
Ref: Regulation 30 read with part A of schedule III of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements), Regulations, 2015 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
With reference to our letter dated 31st January, 2024 related to the Investor Conference Call and 
pursuant to Regulations 30 and 46(2) (ao) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we hereby enclose the transcript of the Investor’s Conference 
Call held on 09th February, 2024 to discuss the financial results for the 3rd quarter and Nine 
Months ended 31st December, 2023. 
 
The 
above 
information 
will 
be 
made 
available 
on 
 
the 
Company’s 
website  
www.sandhargroup.com.   
 
Further an Audio Recording regarding the Investor Conference Call is submitted to the Stock 
Exchange vide letter dated 09th February, 2024.   
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
Yashpal Jain 
 
Chief Financial Officer & Company Secretary 
 
Encl. as above 
Yashpal 
Jain
Digitally signed by 
Yashpal Jain 
Date: 2024.02.12 
17:38:36 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
 
“Sandhar Technologies Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY '24 Results Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. JAYANT DAVAR – CO-CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
MR. YASHPAL JAIN — CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER & 
COMPANY SECRETARY– SANDHAR TECHNOLOGIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ABHISHEK JAIN – DOLAT CAPITAL 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Sandhar Technologies Limited Q3 and 9 
Months FY '24 Results Conference Call hosted by Dolat Capital. As a reminder, all participant 
lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions 
after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please 
signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Jain. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Thanks, Tushar. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Dolat Capital, I welcome you all in third 
quarter and 9-month FY '24 conference call of Sandhar Technology. From the management side, 
we have with us Mr. Jayant Davar, Co-Chairman and Managing Director; and Mr. Yashpal Jain, 
CFO of the company. We thank the management for providing us the opportunity to host the 
call. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for their opening remarks, followed by the question-
and-answer session. Over to you, Jayant, sir. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Good morning, everyone. Thank you, Abhishek, and Dolat Capital for putting this together. 
Let me also thank all the participants who agreed to join early this morning. Let me begin with 
some good news, some of what that you've heard yesterday already, I'm talking from Delhi. Nice 
sunny day today. 
 
So let me begin by saying that Sandhar, your company has performed well. We've -- in terms of 
our quarterly performance, we've had a revenue growth of 23% year-on-year to INR892 crores. 
Our EBITDA has grown by 34% year-on-year to INR91 crores. And the biggest thing that I 
think all of you expected, and we wanted to reach that golden number was a double-digit 
EBITDA percent. We are at 10.2% in quarter 3 versus 9.3% that we had in quarter 3 of last year. 
 
PBT is also up at INR39 crores versus INR27 crores. PAT has grown by -- so in terms of -- PAT, 
we are up 43%. Like I said, revenue up 23%. EBITDA up 34%. If I look at year-to-year, which 
is 9-month period, our revenue is up 21%, EBITDA 34% and PBT at 51% up. 
 
So the numbers are good, and this is a start of better utilization of our capacities and utilization 
of the capex that had been done by the company in the last several years. We are now bearing 
the fruit and we expect and hope that this journey will now continue on this growth path going 
forward. 
 
I'm also happy to say that this enormous growth that we are likely to see and are seeing goes 
with our tagline of growth motivation and better life. The Indian automotive industry is evolving 
with a focus on electric vehicles and sustainability, and Sandhar, your company is committed to 
leading in this transformation and experiencing serious growth. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
So our focus stays on innovation, sustainability and in offering eco-conscious solutions for the 
industry. In the EV space, we are progressing very, very rapidly and satisfactorily all three 
product lines: DC-DC converters, EV chargers and motor controllers with large plans for the 
future. So I'm going to stop here and then answer your questions. 
 
With me today is Mr. Yashpal Jain, our CFO and Company Secretary, who will assist in 
answering your questions to any specific areas that you might decide to ask for. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Abhishek Gaoshinde from Sharekhan. Please go ahead, sir. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
First of all, if you can if you can share the capacity utilization and the customer-wise revenue 
breakup for quarter 3? 
Jayant Davar: 
Happy to do so. In terms of the -- for quarter 3, you said, right? 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Yes, sir. Yes. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Quarter 3, if I look at customer orientation, our largest customer now is TVS Motors, which 
is at 30%, Hero Motocorp is at 19%, JCB is a little less than 9%, Bosch is 4.6%, Royal Enfield 
is about 4%, Honda is 3%, Autoliv is 2.7%, PRW, 2.5%, Honda Cars 3.3%, Tata Hitachi 1.7%, 
Kobelco 1.4%, Tata Motors, 1.2%, overseas is 2.5% and other domestic are 15%. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Okay. And what is the capacity utilization level? 
Jayant Davar: 
Where capacity utilization is concerned, you are aware that we have set up new projects. In some 
of these new projects, which are in the domain of casting and sheet metal, we have crossed the 
mid-level capacity utilization, where our proprietary items are concerned, we are -- we -- this is 
-- this requires incremental capacity growth whenever we do. 
So the additional capex required is very, very incremental and small. This is something where 
we can grow capacities very, very quickly. But in terms of large projects, Romania, for example, 
is still underutilized. We are still at a level of maybe 10% to 20%. That's where the growth will 
also come in. But in terms of the sheet metal plants and the other casting plants in India, I think 
those have crossed levels of 50% to 60% already. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Okay. And sir, as we talked about the EV projects that we are developing in April, any progress 
in terms of engagement with the client for product launch time line, if you can share? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we have one product that should be launched in -- so we are starting production of this -- 
probably trials are now going on as we speak. We hope to launch in the first quarter of the next 
financial year. We already have two customers who we are engaging with. In fact, pilot lots have 
already been sent, and we are in the process now of waiting for that company to go in for mass 
production. As soon as that happens, you will hear the good news. Unfortunately, I'm not in a 
position where I can give you the names of the customers right now. 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Okay, sir. And the last question is that if you can share your outlook for Q4 in terms of that, 
what kind of feedback you are getting from the customers regarding the production levels 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
because we have union elections in -- union elections are coming there. And second, the overall 
year outlook for FY '25? 
Jayant Davar: 
Outlook for FY '25? 
Abhishek Gaoshinde: 
Quarter 4 and for '25, both. 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Well, I'm not -- we don't normally give too much of future guidance, so I won't be able to 
give you numbers. All I can tell you is that the quarter seems extremely strong. You are aware 
that even in the history of the company, the fourth quarter has always been the strongest quarter. 
And I don't see anything changing there. We expect a very robust strong quarter, which will 
probably be better than all the other quarters. 
 
Right now, the pipelines are full. The order lines are full. And we are working with full energy 
to be able to deliver those product lines to our customers. The -- like I said, you mentioned that 
the elections coming up. We do expect that there would be a little bit of a pullback in terms of 
commercial vehicles. 
But in terms of the areas that we form our largest base, which is 2-wheelers or even passenger 
vehicles or construction equipment, I don't see too much of a pullback there. So for us, we expect 
that the year '25, while we are getting some ideas from the customers, which talk about a late 
single-digit kind of growth level in passenger vehicles, and even slightly higher for 2-wheelers, 
we'll have to wait and see. 
But irrespective of what the market is where Sandhar is concerned because we are on a path 
where we are increasing the wallet share per customer our growth will definitely be much, much 
higher. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Great. Sir, I'm new to this business. So if you could just -- recently in the last 9 months, I saw 
that there's a good uptick, especially in the die casting sheet metal and in the other segment, 
right? So die casting and sheet metal, obviously, you've been building capacities, new plants 
over the last couple of years, and those are filling up right now. 
But if you can just provide a brief commentary on what is driving the demand side on some of 
these incremental capacities, right? So creating capacity is one thing, and then you fill that up. 
What is essentially filling that up? What is causing for you to gain wallet share in some of those 
segments? And if you could just clarify what is this other segment in your product mix? And 
why is that seeing a good uptick? 
Jayant Davar: 
Pranay, let me answer that question by first of all, giving you the basics as to why we set up 
capacity, why new plants are set up, they are set up at the call of the customers. So it's only when 
a customer says that I'm going to give you the business or this business is awarded to you that 
we begin the concept of planning and setting up any capacity. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
So while the capacity utilization, like I said, is at 50%, 60% for some of the new projects. It is 
only a matter of time that these are going to be filled up with the orders that have already been 
committed to us by the customers. And therefore, you will see whether it's the die casting, 
whether it is sheet metal, whether it is EV, whether it is smart locks, which you are aware is 
going to be the biggest play in our field from now onwards. 
The capacities, whatever have been set up have been done at the behest of the customer. So that 
was one. The second thing that you spoke about was -- I forget. Can you ask that question again? 
Sorry? 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
The other business segment has shown good growth. So what are the products comprising here? 
And what is driving the growth? 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. You want the detail of all that breakup. Yashpalji, can you take that, please? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, sure, sir. Basically, others we include tools and dies because we are into tools and dies 
business so there is one share of tools and dies. Then we have one aftermarket business. That is 
also clubbed with other businesses. We are very well present in plastics business. 
That is also forming part end the other vertical. And there are clutch and break panels and others. 
So this is the breakup of other firms. I mean they are not so big verticals. That's the reason we 
have clubbed them with other verticals / product lines. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it, sir. And one final question that I had. So in the new products that you're expanding in, 
which is sheet metal and die casting, what is the -- like once the new capacities are optimally 
utilized, what is the peak asset turn or the peak revenue that you can achieve in some of these 
segments. 
So I'm not asking when you will achieve it, it's like basis on normalized product mix that you 
are producing in those plants, old and new, in sheet metal and die casting, what is the peak 
revenue potential? And incrementally in some of your core segments? Should we expect a more 
moderate growth in line with an industry because you said that the capacities have to be 
increased incrementally? 
Jayant Davar: 
Pranay, in fact, we are most bullish always on our existing proprietary lineup. And like I said, 
there is now a technology change. I had mentioned to you in the last investor call as well to this 
group that while mechanical lock costs about INR300 to INR400, the smart lock costs about 10x 
as much. We are now looking at this new financial year to be the onset of smart locks. 
And therefore, we are extremely bullish that the existing proprietary businesses that we've had 
will have a catapult in the multiple times of growth that is likely to happen in the next few years. 
Where die casting and sheet metal is concerned, I told you that we are at running at capacities 
of 50% to 60%, and you are aware of the revenues and the breakup that should give you an idea 
as to what the ultimate revenues could be from these capacities. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
So just a follow-up, this 50% to 60% is on the incrementally added capacities or on an overall 
basis? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
No, there is no overall because you see we have several product lines. And every product line 
has a different capacity and a different capacity utilization. So it's impossible for me to tell you 
as a company as to what our capacity utilization is. It would -- those numbers would not mean 
anything. In sheet metal, for example, we are at 50% to 60%. 
In die casting, we are probably at 70% to 75%. In terms of machining, we are at 85%. So there 
are different lines and different -- in Romania, we are only at 10%. But again, it's die casting in 
some sense. So if you were to break it up geography by geography, customer by customer, unit 
by unit, then the levels of this capacity, existing capacity and capacity utilization will vary. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Jain from Dolat Capital. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Congratulation for a strong set of numbers and attributing double digit margin. Sir, my first 
question on the locking system. You have won many business in this particular segment, 
especially on the smart locking system. So if you can throw some more light on the potential of 
this new business? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well the potential, Abhishek, is huge because effectively, after a while, you would see the entire 
conversion of the 2-wheeler industry go into smart locks, which basically means that you're 
looking at revenues potential to go up by almost 10x. And now India is producing a level of 25 
million to 30 million two-wheelers is what we are looking to do then you multiply by that 
number. That is the potential. 
However, there will be different kind of hybrid models made for the smart lock as well, which 
would mean that the range of pricing of the smart locks could be anywhere between INR1,200 
to INR4,000 odd. We are still at a stage where we are doing it customer by customer. And to 
begin with, I think the adoption will be at a level of 10%. 
But going forward, it will ramp up very, very quickly. You are aware that happens in most 
vehicles. Once a new technology or a product line is introduced, it doesn't take too long for that 
to get horizontally deployed across the sector. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So you have won the business from Honda currently. So can you… 
Jayant Davar: 
Some EVs that are coming in. But post that, from next year onwards, we go into Suzuki, which 
will be the main customer for smart locks followed by the others. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And the next question is related with the current debt of the company? And what is the 
debt repayment plan going ahead? 
Jayant Davar: 
What? Once again, please. I didn't hear you too much. 
Abhishek Jain: 
How much current borrowings in the company and what is your debt repayment plan. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. Currently, we are having a debt by gross debt of INR553 crores. And our net debt of 
INR539 crores, Indian, overseas together. 
Abhishek Jain: 
So it also includes the short-term rates. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes, it includes short-term and long-term both. Short term, we are adding a very small quantum. 
So largely the terms loans that we have taken to fund our expansion plans. 
Abhishek Jain: 
And how much repayment you have done in the FY '24? And what is your plan for FY '25? 
Yashpal Jain: 
This year, approximately INR40 crores we'll be repaying as part of the term loan installments. 
And next year, we are looking at something apart from the regular installment, which can be 
around INR58 crores, INR59 crores. We are also expecting that another INR40 crores, INR45 
crores we additionally pay to the bank. So by INR100 crores, we are keeping a target. That is 
how the year goes, the coming year goes up. 
Abhishek Jain: 
Okay. And my last question on the margin side. This quarter, we have seen a quarter-on-quarter 
degrowth in the employee expenses, other expenses, so will it be sustainable? And can we see 
the margin expansion with the improvement in the volumes in the coming quarter? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Like if you remember, we -- at the beginning of the year, we have given a guidance that we will 
be focused to improve our margins. And this year, we kept a target of growing something 
between 9.2% to 9.5%. I think we are very well on the track. And for next year also, we gave a 
guidance at 15% basis, we'll be trying to improve. So we are well on the track and the coming 
quarters will be seen as an improvement in our efficiency. Obviously, the margins should 
improve. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sir, when do you think this sheet metal capacity of yours, which is a 50% utilization should be 
like full utilization? 
Jayant Davar: 
Pritesh, this is going up every month, every month. We are working on predetermined orders by 
the customers. As we settle in, we bring stability into the operations, but I'm happy to say that 
month-on-month, the numbers are going up. We have the orders, it's about execution. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Any guestimate in sense when we be able to fully utilize them and go for a next round of capex 
do you think? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, at this point of time, we don't have any plans for any more capex in the -- except the ones 
that are already committed. Beyond that, we are not looking at any capex expansion or 
investment unless the customers come up with more orders. But at this point of time, we largely 
committed to the investments. And the idea is to utilize the capacities to the maximum and 
optimize our output. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And sir, what is the status on the Mysore plant? Is it operational? 
Jayant Davar: 
The Mysore plant is operational. It is still at low levels of capacity utilization. We went into 
production in that. Yashpalji, when did we start production? Do you want to... 
Yashpal Jain: 
September we started trial runs and post -- I mean in October -- since October it is in commercial 
production. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Pritesh Chheda: 
It is in commercial production. Okay. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Volumes are increasing month-on-month basis based on the customer's requirement. So 
gradually, next 3, 4 months, I think it will be seeing more growth and more volumes. One more 
thing, we have already integrated our two manufacturing facilities into 1 facility that we 
promised with our stakeholders that we have already done. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Sorry, I didn't get this, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
Actually, earlier, I mean, one of our tasks to improve our margins and efficiency was to integrate 
the manufacturing facilities at some of the common locations. In fact at Mysore, we have already 
consolidated our manufacturing facilities or old plant and new plant has been shifted into 1 single 
location of new plant. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Arjun Khanna from Kotak Mutual Funds. 
Please go ahead, sir. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, just on the new EV products, so we have 
identified these 3 products, we haven't yet talked about the capex outlay for the same. So how 
do you see the road map for capex for these 3 products over the next couple of years? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Should I answer? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, yes. Go ahead. 
Yashpal Jain: 
So like Mr. Khanna, if you remember, like in last quarter, we told that around INR10 crores, 
we'll be spending in current year to set up the line. And we have kept a target of around INR20 
crores to INR21 crores initially to invest in this first phase of EV products on these three points 
now. So around INR10 crores of spending we'll be doing in the current year. And balance INR11 
crores in next year, and it all depends if the volume goes up we might incur some additional 
capex also. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sir, just to understand this INR21 crores, what kind of asset turn could it have? And in terms of 
margins, would it be similar to our current company margins? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Well, we're… 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. It will be -- it's a very asset-light model, Arjun. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Okay. No, that's what I was trying to understand, sir, because... 
Jayant Davar: 
Very asset-light model, where you are aware that if you look at any of these products, most of 
them motor controllers, for example, the output per piece of supply is quite high, runs into 
thousands of rupees. And you know largely what you do is a coalition and of components that 
go inside. 
Arjun Khanna: 
So it's more of assembly operations. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. It's more an assembly operation. We do have the advantage as a company because we do a 
lot of subparts ourselves in our other divisions. We do not require the component-based 
investments. Those are already there, whether it's aluminium casting, whether it is the SMB line 
or the PCB manufacturer, whether it is plastics, whether it is other components that we already 
make. So for us, this particular division would source fees from our internal facility, where the 
capacities are already there, where the investments are already there and build on top of that. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Sure. So the tougher part would be to recruit clients. Now on that front, how are we in terms of 
getting onboarded? I understand in the press release, you've talked about validation in the fourth 
quarter. But do we have some visibility in any company, we have won in. 
Jayant Davar: 
We already have two clients. There are some who are waiting on the side-lines, Arjun. This is -
- you are aware that many people got into this business. But we did have the advantage because 
we were probably one amongst very few who have localized this entire setup. You are aware 
that a lot of this is being imported as we speak to the existing customers. But going forward, the 
idea is that it should all be localized and India-centric and not China-centric. 
And we do the check box there. And therefore, whatever we've done, we've done to make sure 
that everything is localized. So there are plenty of people sitting on the wing. We should start 
our production and supplies in the first quarter of next financial year. And I think the next time 
when we speak, I'll be able to give you more clarity. 
Arjun Khanna: 
Perfect. Thank you so much Sir, the next set of questions is just on the net debt. We have given 
a guidance of maybe reducing it to INR100 crores next year. Given our capex outlay, we should 
be generating a lot more cash flows. So is there any new project or we are expecting working 
capital to move up for us? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpal ji? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Basically, right now, we are not planning any major capex or major expansion. There might be 
a capex or to take care of some new tools and routine activities. INR100 crores, we have taken 
on a conservative side because there can be some push-up in working capital requirements might 
be for a short-term period. But in case we generate more cash, we will be happy to repay more 
compared to INR100 crores. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhilasha from Quantum AMC. 
Abhilasha: 
Sir, we have mentioned that in sheet metals, we have utilization in the range of 50%, 60%, die 
casting is about 75%. So when tentatively, we are likely to reach full utilization levels in these 
capacities and when will we start contemplating about you know new capex areas? And 
whenever we start, like what will be our focus areas for the expansion? 
Jayant Davar: 
Abhilasha, thank you for that question. I did mention in a previous question that this capacity 
has been built based on the order booking from the customer. So it's now a question of execution. 
In terms of execution, we've reached a level of 50% to 60%. We are hopeful that with the 
standing orders that we have, we will do an incremental capacity increase month-on-month. And 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
we are hopeful that by the end of the next financial year, we'll be at levels of almost 90% in sheet 
metal and die casting. 
Abhilasha: 
Sure, sure. And then, sir, for the future expansion in what will be like the metering, sheet metal 
die casting, what is your focus area? What are clients are indicating in terms of... 
Jayant Davar: 
Abhilasha, basically, like I said, this all depends on what the customer wants from me. If the 
customer comes back to me in the next year and says they want an increase of capacity or for 
more parts to be built by us. We will anticipate and go into a mode of planning and executing of 
that capacity expansion. But right now, our focus is to utilize the capacities that have already 
been set up. As Yashpal ji just said, at this point of time, we are not looking at any large capex 
to happen in the next financial year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Radha: 
Is [there anything] that we can expect from this exercise from next quarter onwards? 
Jayant Davar: 
Radha, I didn't get that question. Can you repeat that, please? 
Moderator: 
The line from the current participant has been dropped. Should we take the next question? Hello? 
Can anyone from management can... 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. Yes. Sure, go ahead. Anybody else? 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Complete Circle Capital. The line for the 
current participant has been disconnected. We are going to take the next participant. The next 
participant is Pranay Roop. Please go ahead sir. 
Pranay Roop: 
My first question is on -- I noticed in your aluminium die casting and street metal segments, 
there are some small part of the business there, which is focused on internal commercial. Could 
you give us a sense on how large that is as on today? Because obviously, we know incrementally 
you're expanding as well, but these segments are also growing. 
So this incremental business that you're getting in sheet metal and aluminium die casting, what 
are those -- obviously, the products are very, very diverse. But what are those -- which parts of 
the 2-wheeler or a car are these going into, sheet metal and aluminium die casting parts and how 
large is the sort of the ICE specific products in these segments? 
Jayant Davar: 
Pranay, for us, die casting is die casting and it is agnostic to be utilization of that particular part. 
So we make a parts for every kind of power train, let it be ICE, let it be EVs, anything. It depends 
actually on the customer orientation. So if customers today are making or building more ICE 
vehicles, we are doing ICE parts. The more is they do EV parts or hydrogen parts or biofuel part, 
we will do those kind of parts. 
 
But overall, in the context of Sandhar, our reliance on powertrain is very, very minimal. In fact, 
the only area that you might be able to pinpoint and say we do any powertrain parts come in die 
casting, which are absolutely correct. But otherwise, if you look at it for die casting, it's a 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
question of what you load, what tool you put and what output you get. So like I said, we do all 
kinds. 
It may be a little difficult for me to give you part numbers and values right now. I don't have 
them offline. But if you are interested, we are sure we'll be able to put that together and take it 
offline. 
Pranay Roop: 
Sure, sir. That is clear. My last question would be more on your internal capabilities and by 
capability, I mean, die casting is a capability, then your sheet metal fabrication. And then you 
mentioned a few, which will help you in the EV side of things as well. What are those key 
capabilities that you will be banking on when you sit at the helm of the company and look at the 
next say five, six, seven years, right? 
So obviously, you have one plan for the next year that you have to execute orders that you have 
fill up the capacities, then you would probably have some idea about the next two years, if you 
fill up these capacities, this is how I will react the next year. But slightly longer, if you look at 
your business, which is a lot like a conglomerate given the geographical spread. 
How are you planning to guide this business over the next five years, which are those capabilities 
that you're banking on? Like for example, you said smart lock -- smart key system, right? So 
that penetration increasing could be a good growth driver for your business. Then you have your 
EV products where you're trying to figure things out and start that business, get starting on that. 
So if you could just give a brief on how you are thinking of guiding this business over the next 
five years because there is a lot of disruption that keeps happening in the auto sector, right, from 
technology side, volume side, pricing side. So I just wanted to get your thoughts on that. 
Jayant Davar: 
Okay. Let me put it like this. It is a very subjective question. So you will get a subjective answer. 
We bought a company -- we acquired a company in 2006 in Barcelona, which is now called 
Sandhar Barcelona. This is the oldest die casting facility in Europe. And it came up with 
technology. And when we bought the companies, all the patents came along with you may or 
may not be aware that these tools that go into seatbelts, 60% of those tools worldwide are built 
by us. . 
 
Now what makes it a little different and an entry barrier for the others is that this technology 
calls for machineless casting. So the parts are taken off the machine, a literally buffed and placed 
in containers that are shipped out to other parts of the world. This is the only place in the world 
where we have 16 cavity toolings, which is unheard of in any other part of the world. 
 
So it is armed with those technologies that we've been gradually shifting and bringing learning 
into India as the volumes here grow up as the expectancy of the quality goes up and our 
customers are extremely happy. In fact, if you see the new businesses that are growing in die 
casting for us largely come because of the fundamental technology that we hold vis-a-vis many 
of the others. 
 
So I'm giving you one particular example. And in that particular context, if you look at Romania, 
the new plant that has been set up, our customers who are very, very exacting and demanding 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
like Bosch or TRW or several others are now pushing the business that they were doing in China 
to us, except that they want this to be sourced out of Europe. And therefore, our plant in Romania. 
Now while the capacity utilization is small there comparatively, but it's again expected to grow 
very, very rapidly. 
 
Based on sales fundamentals, we expect that the business in India and die casting will grow very 
quickly. It's also on the basis of that, that last year, we bought out the entire business of TVS 
casting machining to us. Now every casting that goes into TVS is machined by us before it goes 
into their plants, every casting, whether it is sourced from us or sourced from elsewhere. So it is 
these technologies and this expertise that is leading us to grow in this particular business. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Radha from B&K Securities. 
Radha: 
Sir, my question was that this quarter, we have announced a lot of plant consolidation. So what 
will be the total cost savings per quarter we could expect from such exercise? And could we 
expect this from next quarter itself? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yashpal ji? 
Yashpal Jain: 
Yes. Basically, in absolute figures, I mean, we won't be able to provide any sales. But yes, the 
road map that we have given to the market like will be going for double-digit margins in FY '25, 
so this consolidation is in line with the same. And this will help us to achieve double-digit growth 
-- I mean, sorry, double-digit margin growth in the coming financial year and also continue with 
the same in the current financial year. So absolute figure-wise, it's not handy with us. But yes, 
we're keeping the long-term plans, we have worked out the same one. 
Radha: 
Okay. So on the smart lock front, so I think last quarter, we mentioned that we also have some 
order from Honda. So by when could we start supplying smart locks to Honda? Like physically, 
I understand from FY '25, what would be the road map for Honda? 
Jayant Davar: 
Well, we are expecting that most of these launches will happen in the year FY '25, '26. We don't 
exactly have the base. I know that Suzuki dates have been postponed by 1.5 months, but that's 
about it. I mean at this point of time, we are in the midst of developing pilot making and 
supplying of these locks. So one would expect that the -- of course, the team would start to 
happen somewhere in the second half of FY25. 
Radha: 
All right. Sir, lastly, sir, power and fuel cost for us is about INR110 crores INR120 crores per 
year. So we also have announced this quarter that we'll be setting up some solar power plants. 
So what percentage of our current cost is through solar is spinning? And how do you expect this 
mix to change? And what kind of cost savings could we get in the future because of this. 
Jayant Davar: 
Sure, Yashpal ji, we have the details of our solar capacity handy? 
Yashpal Jain: 
So currently, like in many of our plants, we have own solar panels. But what we have done is 
now we have introduced a contact with the solar panel like in the generation companies like the 
CleanMax, two agreements that we have executed. And furthermore, we'll be doing with that. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
So it's a zero capex investment, solar migration that we are doing compared to the earlier model 
where we were installing our own solar panels. So the companies, they are doing the same. And 
per unit wise, depending on the state power tariffs, but the approximate -- INR2.5 to INR3 per 
unit in total power cost. 
Radha: 
Sorry, I could not get that number, sir. 
Yashpal Jain: 
The savings due to migration to solar panel -- in the solar power is around INR2.5 to INR3 per 
unit. It's a zero capex business. We are not investing any capex. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Udit Gupta, an individual investor. 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, my question is regarding the Romania plant that you just said is operating at around 10% to 
20%. So when is that expected to scale up? 
Jayant Davar: 
We expect that scaling up to also happen from now onwards. So we expect an incremental 
growth in capacity utilization, growing going almost every month, you will see some growth 
coming in there. 
Udit Gupta: 
And, sir, that plant is mostly in the die casting business? 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes, it is largely in the die casting business. The reason for that to have gone slow was largely 
on account of the delay in setting up the plant, which again happened because of the Ukraine 
war. So the steel and everything that had to be sourced, whether it was building materials in this 
side and the other were all coming from Ukraine. 
And that got a hit and then we had to read out them through Europe and other places, which 
meant that the project got delayed. The project is now set now. We've started manufacturing. 
And incrementally now, you will see capacity utilization going on. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, regarding a 4-wheeler order that you have spoken about the last call or the call before 
that, it's about and order from Hyundai sir, when that expected to start delivering? 
Jayant Davar: 
We are in development. And again, this -- the launch of that is financial year '25. 
Udit Gupta: 
Financial year '25. 
Jayant Davar: 
Yes. 
Udit Gupta: 
And sir, no major capex for the next financial year? 
Jayant Davar: 
No major capex. Of course, we have maintenance capex. You know we are close to 47 to 50 
plants overall locations and maintenance capex, incremental capex, all that happens, but no 
major plants are being bought off. In fact, Mr. Yashpal Jain just told you that we are trying to 
consolidate some of the plants where we have to, we are trying to bring them into one and so on 
and so forth. So the idea is to bring more optimization of the resources that we have. 
Udit Gupta: 
Sir, any other further plans or plant integration sir, apart from the one that you've already done? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Jayant Davar: 
We are doing currently in the process of doing two, one in Mysore, one in Nalagarh. We are also 
-- some of our facilities and land was being -- was not utilized. So there is a new plant that's 
coming up in Khed City. There was one plant that we had, which was vacant in Sanaswadi that's 
being now being -- will be used for our cabin and fabrication division. So the idea is to optimize 
the resources that we've had. 
Udit Gupta: 
I get your point, sir. And sir, regarding your point about the elections at that time my voice just 
cracked that time. You just said that during the election, this off-road vehicle market goes a little 
down. So what was that point? 
Jayant Davar: 
I said that the commercial vehicle market, if you look at history, drops down a little bit. And we 
expect that to be the case, should happen. I'm not saying will happen, but likelihood of that, in 
terms of history, there is a drop in commercial vehicles. So financial year '25, may see a drop in 
the commercial vehicle space. 
But overall, the industry per se would grow in maybe late single digits. We at Sandhar, of course, 
will do multiple times that on account of the fact that we are utilizing and increasing the capacity 
and the wallet share with our existing customers. 
Udit Gupta: 
And for the 2-wheeler market, you are not expecting any slowdown after the elections? 
Jayant Davar: 
I don't think so. You know on one hand, it's a cash-based situation where the 2-wheeler market 
has started to become a little more robust than it was in the previous year. And I don't see that 
particular movement will be impacted too much with the election. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Ajay Kapadia from Motilal Oswal. 
Ajay Kapadia: 
My question has already been answered. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Aditya from Complete Circle Capital. 
Aditya Kondawar: 
Sorry, I got dropped out last time. Congrats on a great execution. Very happy to see double-digit 
EBITDA margin. Wanted to ask you what is the kind of steady-state margin that we would see 
going ahead in the business? And my suggestion was, you know if you could organize a plant 
visit nothing like it. 
Jayant Davar: 
So first of all, your plant visit, very happy to have you here with us. Please send us an e-mail, 
and we will organize it as per your and our convenience.  
The other question that you said 
was on double digit and what the potential is, we believe that the potential of the company is to 
probably be in the region of 12% to 13% margin as possible. We used to have those margins and 
higher, especially in the proprietary businesses. 
However, you are aware that in commodity businesses of sheet metal and casting, it becomes a 
little difficult. But on an overall holistic platform, 12% to 13% is possible. We had gone down 
that margin stake because of the fact that we were setting up several plants and doing a lot of 
expansion, where because of the support of the existing facilities, some expenses are marked 
towards the current P&L. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sandhar Technologies Limited 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
That portion being over now and an expansion being in place, we expect consolidation to start 
happening and our margins coming back to levels, which we have already crossed double digit. 
We expect this to keep improving as we go forward. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Jayant Davar: 
Thank you, Abhishek. Thank you all the participants today. Let me close by once again 
reiterating that all our core sheet metal plants at Nalagarh, Halol, Attibele and Mysore are in 
mass production now and growing month-on-month in terms of volumes. The machining for 
casting plants at Hosur and Mysore are also operating at almost full scale now to meet the 
increased capacity for casting components. 
The company is expanding its capacity in Western India, utilizing one of the facilities or the 
lands that we already had. This is expected to commercialize by July 24. The major focus would 
be to tap the passenger vehicle and OEMs in addition to 2-wheeler and the commercial vehicles. 
The focus areas for the company are largely to the generation of more free cash flows. We want 
to deleverage the balance sheet. We want to improve the return on capital employed. We want 
to improve the operational efficiency and reduction on costs. 
We want to control on the new capex and maximum utilization of capex that has already been 
incurred. We want to integrate the manufacturing plants that I mentioned earlier. And obviously, 
our continuation of diversification of product portfolio, expanding customer base and increasing 
content per vehicle as one of our directions for the company continues. And this will catch even 
more speed as we go towards the next year. 
 
With that, I want to thank you all, thank Dolat Capital and Abhishek for putting this together. 
God bless and all the best. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Dolat Capital, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
