A ALTEX 
To 
The General Manager, 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Bombay Stock Exchange Limited, 
PhirozeJeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400001. 
Scrip Code 
: 540692 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
3 160, Panasopadu, Kakinade 533 005 
Andhra Pradesh. India 
off +91 884 2383902 
- 4 (3 lines) 
fax +91 884 2383905 
- 6 
cs@opexfrozenfoods.com 
CIN: L15490AP2012PLC080067 
Date: 215t February, 2024. 
To 
The General Manager, 
Listing Department, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No C/1, G Block, 
BandraKurla Complex, 
Bankdra (East), Mumbai - 400 051. 
Scrip Symbol 
: APEX 
Sub: 
Transcript of Q3&9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call held on 16t February, 
2024-Reg. 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 
2015, 
kindly 
find 
enclosed 
a 
transcript 
of 
the 
Q3&9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call, which was held on 16t February, 2024. 
The 
aforementioned Earnings Conference 
Call, 
as 
per 
the 
transcript 
enclosed, 
incorporates mainly 
the highlights 
of Un-Audited financial results 
of 
the 03t 
Quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023 and other related information 
which 
is 
already 
in 
public 
domain and/or made 
available/uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s website. 
Please take the same on record. 
For Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Digitally signed by 
KARUTURI 
KARUTURI 
SUBRAHMANY SUBHHAA 
A CHOWDARY 
Date: 2024.02.21 
20:58:43 +05'30' 
Karuturi Subrahmanya Chowdary 
Managing Director 
DIN: 03619259 
Encl:a/a

“Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
Q3 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 16, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. CHOUDARY KARUTURI — MANAGING DIRECTOR 
AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER- APEX FROZEN 
Foobs LIMITED 
MR. DURGA PRASAD — FINANCE — APEX FROZEN 
Foobs LIMITED 
MS. MADHAVI — OPERATIONS — APEX FROZEN FOODS 
LIMITED 
Page 1 0f16

Moderator: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Apex Frozen Foods Limited Q3 and 
9MFY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on a 
touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference 
is being recorded. 
I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Choudary Karuturi, Managing Director and CFO. Thank you. 
Thank you, Ria. Good momning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this investor call for 
the Third quarter and Nine months of FY24. With us on the call today is Mr. Durga Prasad 
from our Finance Team and Ms. Madhavi from our Operations Team; and Stellar IR advisors, 
our Investor Relations advisor. 
We have uploaded the investor presentation on the website of the Stock Exchanges, and we 
hope you had a chance to go through it. Let me begin by going through the numbers for the 
quarter. The net revenue for Q3FY24 came in at Rs 148 crores as against Rs 230 crores in Q3 
of last fiscal and Rs 240 crotes in Q2 of FY24, mainly led by lower volumes sold to the United 
States, and continued fall in global shrimp prices. 
The shrimp sales to markets such as the EU are continuing to do very well for us. Sales to EU 
posted a growth of 50% year-on-year in both Q3FY24 & 9MFY24. Consequently, the share of 
EU in overall sales mix increased to 36% in Q3FY24 & 30% in 9MFY24 from 17% last year, 
making it a more diversified sales mix. Please note that this growth is coming only from our 
ready-to-cook products as we are still awaiting regulatory approvals for the sale of our high- 
value ready-to-cat products in the EU market. We remain positive on the growth prospects of 
this market and the potential, which is available for our company, especially once the ready-to- 
cat products approvals would come into place. 
However, our key market, US.A., continued to be faced by subdued demand, impacting the 
overall shrimp volumes sold mainly attributing to the drop in sales to our retail or supermarket 
customers. 
The total volumes sold by our company stood at 2,117 metric tons in Q3 FY24 as against 
2,869 metric tons in Q3 of last fiscal. Further weakness in the U.S. market, which is the only 
market where we are currently selling our high-value ready-to-eat products as we await 
regulatory approvals from EU, impacted overall RTE sales too in Q3FY24. 
Like we mentioned last quarter, as well as -- that while promotional activities by retail and 
food service companies that is distributors for restaurant chains are being carried out, the 
impact of such activities has been quite gradual. From the company's end, we have been taking 
up steps with regard to setting up our wholly owned subsidiary in the U.S., mainly for support 
with regard to logistics and also market development in the U.S.A. and the rest of North 
America. We are happy to share that the work on this front is progressing. And pending certain 
Page 2 0of 16

Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
regulatory approvals in India and as well as from the U.S.A side, we are confident and we are 
hoping to see the benefits coming in from FY25 onwards. 
Now coming to the realization part, the global shrimp prices have been tapering down due to 
weak demand and supply scenario. Further in our case lower RTE contribution led by change 
in geographical mix, which is higher share of EU, where the RTE products are not sold yet, 
continue to impact the overall realization in Q3FY24. As a result, the average realization for 
Q3 FY24 came in at around Rs 663 per kilo as against Rs 748 per kilo in Q3FY23. 
Coming to the profitability, lower operating leverage and higher freight costs impacted the 
EBITDA margin in Q3 FY24. On the balance sheet side, I would like to reiterate that our debt 
continues to decline as we judiciously use our surplus cash flows to deleverage our balance 
sheet. As on September 30, 2023, our debt stood at Rs 83 crores, forming a debt-to-equity ratio 
0f 0.17x. Our working capital cycle too, has been sceing a good improvement. 
Coming to the demand centers for our company. In the case of U.S.A., which s still our major 
market, we understand that the situation is easing slowly. And as we had mentioned, the 
promotions have been taking up and some of the inventories which have been held by our end 
customers, have been consumed. And now we also look at new programs being discussed and 
awarded accordingly, which are all meant for shipments more into the current quarter and as 
well as next first quarter of FY25, which is going in discussions and as well as we are being 
awarded such program contracts. 
However, we are waiting to see how the market will be moving. As for now, the prices are 
pretty stabilized on the shrimp part, which is a positive sign compared to the down trend 
or 
drop in prices, which were there until Q3. And we have been seeing, especially in the current 
month, the U.S.A. sales pricing marginally rising with the demand, which s slowly picked up. 
And we are also locking in new sales with certain new endcustomers. 
And with regard to the EU market, as we have mentioned earlier, our sales to BU have picked 
up very well. And in fact, that market was able to cater to good amount of sales on volumes. 
However, we still definitely feel deprived of not having the capability to sell our ready-to-cat 
products to the EU market because that is, which is a regulatory approval pending not just for 
our company, but many companies are processing registration since 2019. And we 
are 
confident that we are able to develop furthermore nto the EU market. And also, now we are 
even looking at exploring the Scandinavian side of the European Union. Going to FY25, we 
are exploring newer markets there, too. 
And with regard to the Chinese market, we have been encountering a slow demand. We have 
been doing our sales to China on a slow basis currently. And we do hope that for the Chinese 
Spring Festival, there is a good amount of consumption for their holidays, and we expect that 
based on the sales, there will be further and newer inquiries coming into the months of March 
and April of 2024. So, we are eager to wait for the market development in China because this 
is their main primary consumption period during the Chinese New Year or Spring Festival, 
which they celebrate in a big way. 
Page 3 0f 16

Moderator: 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
And in terms of supply, at the global level, of course, Ecuador shrimp supply continues to add 
some pressure on realizations. And they always did have the advantage of shorter sailing 
periods, whereby being closer to the North American market. That definitely have had its 
impact with regard to our sales volumes and with some of our customers in the U.S.A. 
However, as we mentioned in the past, too, from a competitive positioning perspective, India 
is definitely ahead, both on costs as well as with regard mainly on the value-added products, 
whether in RTC or even in ready-to-eat. We definitely see an opportunity that these factors 
would ease out over the next couple of months, and we should definitely look at a better sales 
into our major market, which is the U.S.A., mainly supported by our subsidiary, which is also 
going to support our customers. 
And along with it, a stable supply happening because of the prices stabilizing in the current 
month and next month. The producers also expect stable farm gate prices. Thereby, the 
stocking of seed also has been going well. So, we are positive on the supply to improve better 
in the year of FY25. And the stockings of seed have already started, which will translate into 
the crop starting in March and April 2024 and thereon. So, we are positive on that front. 
Now to conclude with going forward, as mentioned earlier, we continue to remain cautiously 
optimistic about the overall market scenario in the near term. This applics to both demand 
trends and, of course, raw shrimp supply within the country, which I just explained, especially 
considering the complexities surounding shrimp production in India. However, in the medium 
to longer run, we are positive on the growth prospects for India as well as for our company. 
So, thank you very much, and Inow open the floor for the questions. Thank you. 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. Please go ahead. 
First of all, I'd like to hear your opinion on this and your expectations regarding the 
Antidumping Duty on Ecuador. And I think the Indian names s also included in that. So, how 
will it affect our operations, and what are your thoughts on the Antidumping Duty imposed on 
Ecuador? Additionally, how do you anticipate the demand scenario evolving from India in the 
next year or s0? 
Yes, Mr. Bala Murali Krishna. The first thing is the Indian shrimp 
is already subject to 
Antidumping Duties in the U.S. market for almost the past 20 years. So, we are already having 
an Antidumping Duty. 
Now I guess your question was more related to the petition about the countervailing duties or 
CVDs, which are likely to be imposed on India and along with India, other countrics like 
Indonesia, Ecuador, like you mentioned, and Thailand, Vietnam also. And with regard to 
Ecuador and Indonesia, the petitions have been filed even for Antidumping Duties in those 2 
countries. 
And it is definitely going to be more of a level playing field for all the countries of origin 
because until now, Ecuador and Indonesia were out of the ambit of Antidumping Duties with 
Page 4 0f 16

Moderator: 
Nish Shah: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
regard to shrimp exports to U.S.A. So definitely it is going to be a level playing field going 
forward. 
And currently, the investigation is going on by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and we will 
have a better clarity towards the end of March as we are currently expected to announce 
preliminary duties towards the end of March. And also, the final duties towards the end of 
May. 
So yes, the CVDs on India will be based on any subsidies, which are received by the 
govemment of India, and that will be in respect to that. And whereas what we have to see here 
is that there are other countries also which are getting affected with regard to CVDs, whether 
based on the subsidies, what they receive from their respective governments. 
And also, in the case of Ecuador and Indonesia, Antidumping Duties are being expected. So, it 
is definitely a level playing field, but we are positive that our rates of CVDs with the responses 
being given by our country, our industry we can't really see the exact number, but we are kind 
of expecting, we hope that and we are pretty confident that it should be maintaining at the 
lower level. 
So that will be factored in, of course, into both sales naturally because it s specific to U.S. 
market and of course, the end consumers who depend more than 90% on imported shrimp 
from all countries outside U.S.A., it will be getting added to their cost for sure. So, we are 
cautiously watching on that front. We will have a better clarity, as 
I mentioned earlier, towards 
the end of March 2024. 
The line from sir has been disconnected. Next question is from the line of Nish Shah from 
Stellar AMC. 
Sir, my question is regarding the RTE approval, which is pending in EU. Sir, how much time 
we can expect the approval will be received? 
As we mentioned, it is not specific to our facility. Nothing to do with Apex or the company. It 
had more to do with the process between two government, I mean, the Government of India 
and the EU Regulatory Authorities. And they have kept the approval of any new shrimp 
processing facilities on hold since 2019, and we have been cagerly waiting for the same so that 
we can continue to pursue a good amount of business and explore the potential in that market, 
especially with our existing customer base, increasing the sales for our company with regard to 
RTC. 
And they also deal with RTE as we speak. So, we are just eagerly waiting. They are also 
waiting for us to get approved. So, it's more of a regulatory news, and we have been waiting 
for it every year. We did have some discussions with the authorities a few months ago and we 
are just waiting. All our details are there with us, and we just wish that it's gets over soon so 
that we can start doing our business on the front of RTE, too, in a big way. 
Page 5 0of 16

Nish Shah: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Nish Shah: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
Okay. So, my next question is regarding the capacity utilization. What can we expect for 
FY25, which is currently, we are below 50%? 
Well, actually, in the current year itself, we were supposed to be growing above 50%, which is 
in FY24. Unfortunately, because of the demand drop from our primary market because we did 
lose quite a bit of sales because of our end retail customers or super market chains giving us 
lesser orders than we sce in the current year, which does, if you see in the first two quarters, 
we were pretty flattish. However, in the Q3, there was a significant drop. 
So, we should have actually been utilizing our production capacity in a good way if the sales 
were good as well as the supply being consistent. However, there was a drop in supply too, in 
the current financial year. This has all got to do with global shrimp pricing, as we mentioned in 
the opening remarks. And as we see stabilization of the global shrimp pricing along with farm 
gate pricing in the current month and thereafter, it is a positive sign for the primary producers 
or farmers also to produce and stock more and produce more shrimp quantities. 
And also, we are positive and we are hopeful that the efforts of the government of India in 
increasing the production overall in aquaculture once the final steps which they take. And as 
they are implemented, we are positive that they will also have a good impact on the production 
overall. 
And when such a production improves and increases, that will also give us a better opportunity 
to utilize our capacities also backed by a stable global demand. So, we are positive on that, and 
we should have actually done more than 50% in the current year itself. However, it was a bit 
slow. 
But now with the support of this better market prices compared to FY24, the better market 
prices are expected in FY25. Even though they are being done in a very slow manner, it not 
going to be significant jump with regard to prices from overseas market. 
With the support in place and fam gate prices showing improvement, we definitely expect a 
better supply. But for now, everybody is optimistic and, we are positive. And we are hoping 
that this will yield to better production and thereby allow us to utilize our capacities and also 
bringing in our added sales from our marketing arrangements and the programs which our 
subsidiary is also going to work on. So that will be supporting us overall. 
So, we definitely expect a better utilization for sure in FY25. We are positive, and we are 
looking to do that from the first quarter itself because we have been locking on programs and 
the stable pricing should also help a good supply from the producers who did definitely lose 
interest towards the middle of fiscal year 2024. 
Okay. Got it. Sir, my next question is regarding the RTE capacity utilization, specifically what 
is the current and what we see for FY '2: 
Well, with regard to RTE, our current capacity, of course, has come down compared to last 
year. Last year, our overall capacity utilization was more than 20%. We were doing good. So, 
our sales was also almost more than 20% last year. 
Page 6 0f 16

Moderator: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
But this year, it has come down. Because overall, as I mentioned in the opening remarks and 
also to the earlier participant that our drop to supermarket chains or retail markets have 
definitely impacted our sales drop, definitely impacted our RTE sales because most of the RTE 
products go to supermarkets or retail outlets. They don't go to restaurant chains as it is. The 
ready-to-eat products are not required at food service or restaurant chains. They are more 
required at supermarkets. 
And this year, we definitely had an unexpected drop with regard to our sales to the 
supermarkets in the current year FY 24, which definitely impacted our RTE sales, too. But now 
as we mentioned in our earlier concalls also in the opening remarks that as the inventories, 
which our supermarket customers or retail customers were holding from the past. 
As they have been consumed and they have also been working on fresh programs with a better 
planning, better expectations, volume expectations 
for FY25, they have already started 
awarding us, which we have already started producing. And most of these programs are for 
deliveries during the Q1 and Q2 of FY25. 
So those programs, which we are getting awarded from retail markets, of course, have a good 
chunk of RTE product sales. So that way, we are confident we will be back in utilizing our 
RTE capacity much better towards the end of the current year as well as from the beginning of 
FY25 about the RTE. 
Next question is from the line of Nitin Awasthi from InCred Research. 
A few questions from my side. Predominantly, one relating to the demand side and the second 
supply domestically. Firstly, on the demand side, like you correctly mentioned that India is 
pricing and even overall, if you look at the U.S. pricing from their import data, both the total 
pricing and India specific pricing has been bottoming out for the last few months. India has 
some bounce back slightly. 
However, 
I think we're still $1 below on both these fronts. India would be around $7.5 per kg 
and total will be around $8 per kg. There should be a sharp jump given the current situation 
and of other suppliers globally, which is mainly Ecuador. So, you're expecting this to rebound, 
let's say, in a quarter or two back to $8 for India and $9 for U.S. total? 
Well, with regard to bouncing back of the pricing, as you know, the supply has also got to do 
with it. There was more supply towards the end of last year, that is 2022, 
I mean, towards the 
end of 2022 and also most part of 2023, whether the supply was significantly higher from 
Ecuador or from ofher countries overall, definitely. And also because of the drop in the 
consumption overall, whether 
it is the inflationary pressures or the ofher costs increasing, 
whether it is interest rate hikes or gasoline prices increase, whatever it may be the reason, the 
consumption overall was lesser for sure during the year 2023. 
And however, imports continue to happen there, that is one of the reasons why the prices did 
take time, quite some time to stabilize and get back to a little normalcy. But now there are 
multiple effects here. One is, of course, as I just mentioned to the previous participant, the 
Page 7 0of 16

Nitin Awasthi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
inventory is being consumed at the end level also would create more space for better inflow of 
products, number one. 
Number two, the effects of the levying of countervailing duties and Antidumping Duties will 
also change the overall market scenario of which country can continue to supply or which 
country may get affected with regard to supplying to the U.S. market. 
So all these factors — I mean, both on the supply as well as the new tariffs, which are likely to 
kick in more in the year 2024 will have an impact on how the pricing also moves apart from 
the support from the consumption side. 
So as we mentioned earlier, we are expecting it to be more level playing field because of the 
duties, which will come in. But however, 
I mean, we can't really comment at this point, but 
however, depending on how the duties will be there on Ecuador and Indonesia, we may have 
advantages with regard to overall business scenario with the U.S. market. 
And yes, that will definitely affect the way the pricing is going to increase on a dollar per kilo 
basis, whether it is likely to happen in 1 o 2 quarters or finally towards the end of 2024 around 
November or December 2024, whether the CVDs will be finally permanent or not, will be 
decided by the U.S. International Trade Commission, USITC. So that will give a more clear 
picture of how the shrimp market overall is going to be on the U.S. side into the future. 
But preliminary, these duties and deposits of such duties will be applicable towards the end of 
March or actually carly April, as we have been informed so far. So yes, the way the 
consumption is going on, slowly picking up unless subject to any additional negatives or any 
additional problems being created with regard to U.S. inflation side or their economic scenario 
out there, or the recessionary, any recessionary problems, unless any such new problems come 
in or additional problems come in, we do expect that the consumption should be getting better, 
thereby our prices also, which already started, but it is in a very marginal way. Its not 
significant, not the way you have mentioned that it is bouncing back significantly by $1 but it's 
happening in a slow manner. 
We are good even if it doesn't bounce back by $1. But even if it goes up reasonably, it gives 
confidence, it provides confidence actoss the supply chain. And the main person in the supply 
chain is the primary producer, which all of us are aware and which will give them a very 
commensurative prices so that they continue to produce and it should help one and all in the 
industry. So we are kind of positive. But at the same time, it takes time. It will be taking time 
for sure. 
Understood, sir. So that was on the demand side. On the supply side, sir, because you would 
have the U.S. to the ground, just wanted to understand 2 things. One, there has been a talk of a 
lot of farmers moving to Black Tiger from Vannamei for various reasons. Is that actually 
happening on the ground? And two, this year, how 
is this stocking and the seed sales 
happening because we also are in the sced sales business. So we would have a little more 
know-how of the demand on the ground. 
Page 8 0f 16

Choudary Karuturi: 
Nitin Awasthi: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
Well, it is not a problem for farmers switching over to Black Tiger for us because we continue 
to process Black Tiger as they get available, and we continue to increase our sales on the Black 
Tiger front, too, whether it is in USA or to the EU markets. 
In fact, our sales of Black Tiger products have been picking up. Especially in the Q3 and Q4, 
Black Tiger did play a good role in our overall sales. So that is not a problem, whether it is 
Vannamei or Black Tiger. In case of Black Tiger, most of the farmers will be targeting very 
big, large size, basically. So it's a good scenario for us. 
Now with regard to the stocking of seed at the farms, they have been increasing. They have 
slowly been increasing. Yes, they are appreciative of the prices, which have increased so far. 
Almost around Rs 30, Rs 40 have increased overall on the raw material front, I mean in, the 
bigger sizes, it went up by almost Rs 50 from the bottom. And in the smaller sizes, it went up 
by almost Rs 30 to Rs40. So it's a positive sign for the primary producers or farmers. And 
definitely, we are positive about that. 
And it is a good sign because it is also encouraging them to go ahead and stock more ponds 
and thereby creating a stable supply in the country. So Black Tiger is not at all an issue. It has 
been in fact, it's good for us because there have been limitations with the way vannamei could 
grow to larger sizes, and that is being currently very well achieved by growing Black Tiger 
shrimp. 
There are very big sizes and very large sizes, which are, and I say where we get 15 to 20 pieces 
per kilo whole shrimp, which is not possible that is with regard to vannamei and with the risks 
involved. Those farmers who have switched over to Black Tiger, especially in the Southern 
parts of Andhra Pradesh 
. So that has been going well so far. 
Understood. Sir, on the seed sales part, shrimp, that we sell and how is the market appreciative 
of the price and volume of the same? 
Well, the seed sales, of course, we don't expect a significant jump with regard to the prices of 
the seed. But yes, volumes are definitely being picked up. Usually, the Q4 of financial year — 
Indian financial year and Q1 of Indian financial year have a better shrimp seed sales because 
that is the time when during the summers of India, Where most of the shrimp stockings happen 
and the production also has done during this period. So currently, the sales has been good. 
There have been inquiries and overall buying also has improved. But there are a significant 
amount of hatcheries also which are there in the industry and the overall demand has been 
definitely spread out. And it is, as I said, because of the stable prices, the farmers are also now 
again looking to increase more of the acreage, which they left out for not stocking, that they 
are looking at again reviving and growing back in that. So that definitely is a positive impact 
on the sced sales and thereby everything after that, I mean, any other product of inputs, which 
the farmers use. 
Next question is from the line of Vinayak Kulthe from Tianum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Page 9 0of 16

Vinayak Kulthe: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Vinayak Kulthe: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
Sir, I want to know 4 things. The first s industry growth rate. The second is company’s growth 
rate. And the third is expected revenue and margin growth. And what is the future of the 
company and growth in upcoming quarters? 
Your question with regard to the industry growth ate and also the company growth rate, of 
course, that has had a pause in the current year. We should be looking at getting back to what 
we were until FY23. So, because FY24 has been quite slow, both on the overseas market 
demand side as well as on the supply side, that technically affected our growth. 
But the government of India is, of course, positive with regard to growing our production. And 
we don't know the final plans, but there have been some announcements being made with 
regard 
to the support they are planning to provide so that the production can increase, thereby, 
overall growth is good with regard to the domestic production. 
And with regard to the sales on our front, we have had a degrowth in the current year, 
unfortunately, because of the various reasons explained in the beginning in the opening 
remaks. But that has been the scenario since the beginning of this financial year. And that 
because of various factors, which have been explained both on the USA side mainly. 
But we are now getting a better view with regard to how things could be evolving as there's a 
better stabilization in the consumption and thereby demand, too. So overall, we are looking 
positive to be having a growth getting back to our FY23 for now. Those both on the sales as 
well as on the revenue, of course, subject to realization and unit values. 
But we are positive of getting back to our volumes of that was our original target of having 
15,000 to 18,000 metric tons of sales volume, which we are positive of that for FY25 based on 
the cwrent information what we have available and the various programs, which we are 
working with various customers, mainly in the U.S. Again, USA will continue to remain our 
top market anyway. And you also asked about the upcoming quarters. Is that what you asked? 
Yes. 
So, which I just mentioned, so we should be looking at doing a minimum of 3,000 - 3,500 
metric tons sales quantities at least minimum. Of course, subject to the factors and the supply 
conditions at that time because the production work we do is also detrimental based on the 
supply conditions. 
And as we get forward with the marketing side and our sales programs locked and get newer 
programs awarded, we will definitely have a better and bigger ability to utilize our capacities 
and thereby have 
a better growth. So we are confident on that front based on whatever 
information we have so far. But we will continue to kecep you updated as we get into next 
financial year. 
We'll gain better insight into how next year will unfold because this year has been rather slow, 
with nearly nine months already passed, and the last three months expected to be more about 
stabilization. We don't anticipate significant growth in the current year. 
Page 10 of 16

Moderator: 
Vignesh Iyer: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
So we are unfortunately in a degrowth with regard to current financial year, but we are quite 
positive of getting back and improving much better than what we did in FY'23 with regard to 
the growth in sales volumes. 
Next question is from the line of Vignesh Iyer from Sequent Investments. Please go ahead. 
So we have been hearing that there has been some civil unrest in Ecuador and the withdrawal 
of diesel tax subsidies, leading to price increases. Has this had any impact on pricing and 
supply, especially considering Ecuador's significant role as a supplier? 
Well, okay, two parts. One is the civil unrest and the diesel subsidy being revoked by the 
govemment of Ecuador. With regard to diesel subsidy, that has been revoked way back in 
2023 itself. That has nothing to do with the current civil unrest. And with regard to the 
whatever issues which Ecuador has been having, we understand that we have been paying for 
various security measures even in the past, and they continue to do even now with higher 
costs. That is one part with regard to Ecuador. 
But if you also look at the point is that we went to an all-time low pricing in the current fiscal 
year, that is calendar year 2023, precisely, we went to an all-time low pricing irrespective and 
irrelevant from which country of origin it was being produced. 
But overall, global shrimp pricing went down to a very low pricing. And definitely, that is not 
a positive sign for the industry to continue its operational work to sustain any longer. So 
definitely, when such a historically low pricing incidents happen, they definitely have an 
impact on the overall sustainability of the entire supply chain, whether 
it is the primary 
producer, the farmer, the hatcheries, everybody, so they definitely have an impact, which when 
the farmer stops stocking, it definitely has its impact everywhere. 
So yes, it is similar to like the period at which an all-time low or an all-time high pricing 
would be there. If they don't sustain for long periods, yes, 
it may take some time, but 
eventually, it would correct. Nobody around the world is in favor of such low pricing. And one 
of the big things what we understand is that it didn't really get passed on to the end consumers. 
If such all-time low pricing was passed on to the end consumers in the right time, that would 
have definitely at least absorbed the excess product, which was there everywhere in a much 
faster pace. But that is one of the reasons why it took much more time than it should have 
taken is because the lower pricing was not really made available to the end consumers in their 
current economic conditions, whether it is recession or inflationary pressure, whatever it is. 
That's why it took more time to comect. And now it has comrected. As I mentioned, diesel 
subsidy has gone much more almost more than a year ago. So that has nothing to do with that. 
But overall, everybody in the industry are quite unhappy with the way the pricings were and 
there was also rethinking at the primary producer level reduction of production overall. So all 
that has happened. 
So these are the reasons for which eventually the corrections have had happened. And now it's 
kind of better, a little better than what it was 6 to 9 months ago definitely. So just Ecuador's 
Page 11 of 16

Moderator: 
Rohit Suresh: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Rohit Suresh: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
internal problems were not the only reason for the market to stabilize. Even today, Ecuador's 
number 1 export market is China. And number 2 is European Union and the third is the United 
States compared to India having United States as their primary market. So that is the scenario. 
Next question is from the line of Rohit Suresh from Samatva Investment. Please go ahead. 
So my first question would be, is it fair to assume that the industry and even the company is is 
not positively benefiting from the unrest in Ecuador? 
Well, please, as I just mentioned, Ecuador's major market is China. And definitely, they did 
have an impact with regard to our sales in U.S., which we also mentioned in the carlier 
rematks that because of the closer proximity, which Ecuador in general has to the U.S. or the 
North American markets, we did have some impact for sure. 
But with regard to the civil unrest which you are specifically asking, it should have impact on 
their production. It should have an impact on their costing. That is when the whole impact 
could be seen on the entire market. But currently, we have not yet heard any of such impacts 
so far within the resources of information we have available. But if there are impacts because 
of that at the production level and their production is really going to get affected, then things 
may be a bit different. 
But currently, Ecuador is less of a focus for us and the production in India to increase and 
improve and get back to its normal fee is a critical part for India. I mean that's how we believe 
Ecuador will have its problems like every country has, it has its own problems, and it will be 
dealing with it in the way they feel is the best way to deal it. But currently, we have not seen 
any drop in production or any offers as such, 
I mean, any of their product offers, which we are 
doing to anywhere in the world. We have not seen any reduction as such. 
Even today, quite a number of supermarkets in the USA are having Ecuador's product on their 
shelves. We did actually lose to a certain extent. Now we are slowly getting it back, but it is 
taking time for sure. We did lose some of our sales during the middle of 2023 and all that. It 
did happen. So for now, civil unrest, we wouldn't be able to comment much on that. 
Got it. So, you mentioned that Ecuador’s biggest market is China, corect? Assuming their 
production within the next 3 to 6 months is affected, is there a change in outlook from Indian 
farmers? Since China primarily imports smaller-sized shrimp and lower value-added products, 
is there a risk that Indian farmers may switch to producing lower value-added products and 
exporting them to China due to potential supply impacts from Ecuador? Is this a risk you 
foresee moving forward? 
When I said Ecuador's primary market is China, well, there was also some information with 
regard to Ecuador. In fact, they believe if, in case the new set of duties, which are going to be 
levied on them from USA mainly, they are going to focus more on China. Anyway China has 
been the number 1 market. They'll continue to grow or look at growing their Chinese business 
much better, that is our idea. 
Page 12 of 16

Moderator: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
Now with regard to China, it primarily imports low-value items, yes, but mainly commodity 
products and baseline items. There is no significant value addition. In fact, the majority of 
Ecuador's exports to China, almost 90% or more, consist of head-on, shell-on shrimp, meaning 
whole shrimp. 
They don't do any processing as such with regard 
to China. It's more of just packing shrimp as 
it is in the whole format. So, it has been an casier market for them that way, and that's how 
their infrastructures have been geared up so far. 
And with regard to our Indian scenario or let's be more specific, our company scenario. We use 
that smaller sized shrimp more for catering to the whether it is adding little value or a higher 
value, whatever value addition we would do, whether it is in ready-to-cook format or any other 
product, we mostly cater them to the USA, North American or the European Union markets. 
So definitely, we have a better edge with regard to costing those products compared to them. 
That's why we will continue to focus on our major sales in the USA and European Union 
markets. Consequently, Indian farmers receive support from all markets. However, it's these 
value-added markets that are crucial. Whether it ready-to-cook low-value products or those 
with a bit of value addition, they primarily support Indian farmers, despite increased costs. 
So just by doing to the Chinese market or Asian market with those prices, it may not really be 
viable for the primary producer to continue their farming. In fact, it is an advantage which the 
primary producer in India has, is when the processors and exporters depend more on markets 
other than China. So even though China will be taking all the, like you said, small prices or 
low value items, but they will 
all be in commodity category. So baseline products, as 
mentioned earlier. 
Next question is from the line of Sidhrath Srikumar from iThought PMS. Please go ahead. 
My question is regarding the freight cost right now. Like compared to the FY22 and FY23, 
how is the freight cost for the company? 
With regard to the freight costs, yes, the FY22 pricing freight costs have come down quite 
well in FY'23. We have, in fact, towards the end of FY'23, we have been seeing a very low 
freight costs in the beginning of FY'24. However, we missed out this from our opening 
remaks. The Red Sea conflict, which is there, which is mainly affecting the logistics on all 
fronts and all our ships or vessels have to go around Affica to reach Europe, as well as East 
Coast of North American markets, all the East Coast ports, they're taking additional sailing 
times, as well as the freight costs also have increased from their kind of all-time low freight 
costs, which were prevailing towards the end of FY22 and early part of FY23. They have 
marginally increased towards the end of Q3. Currently, there has been an increase of almost 
around $1,500 to $2,000 additionally compared to the past. 
Some ports has also gone up by $3,000. Definitely, the freight costs have not gone up as high 
as they were during the pandemic stage. But however, they have definitely gone up marginally 
by almost 20% to 30% compared 
to what they were in the beginning of FY24. They did go up, 
Page 13 of 16

Sidharth Srikumar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Nikhil Walavalkar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Nikhil Walavalkar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
but we are watching maybe as the shipping lines see The Red Sea conflict easing out, 
hopefully, they bring back the freight costs. 
But currently, our sailing times also have increased. We have added additional 1 week to 10 
days, actually ~ sorty, 10 days to reach Europe in ports as well as to the USA East Coast ports, 
which is because of the conflict at Red Sea. So that is the scenario with regard to the freight 
costs. They have gone up marginally, but definitely not high as what they were during the 
pandemic crisis. 
Okay. The second question I have is like in the beginning, you have mentioned that your EU 
sales mix for this quarter is 36%, right? 
Yes. 
For OMFY24, what s the share in your revenue? 
It is 30%. 
30%, okay. 
Yes, that's correct. We were always below 25% concerning the EU. We typically hovered 
around 18% to 20%. However, this year, we've improved to 30%. 
Next question is from the line of Nikhil Walavalkar, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
I have two questions. First is how do you intend 
to use cash generated in the business? Again, 
the question is in the interim budget, there was some mention of increased allocation to blue 
economy. Does that impact our business issues? How does that impact? 
Yes. Now with regard to your first question, as we mentioned, we are also planning to add up 
more on the marketing efforts and also setting our own subsidiary overseas, the company's 
intention is to invest there so that we can eventually have the benefits of the better sales, not 
only on volumes front, but also on the margins front to their processing and export side. That is 
the plan as of now. 
And definitely, as things improve, we would also be looking at using them for additional capex 
at the right time. But when we will let everybody know when the decisions are taken on that 
front. And sorry, I missed your second question. Can you repeat? 
Yes. My second question is in the interim budget, there was some mention of increased 
allocation to fisheries. So does that impact our business? If yes, how? 
Yes. 
I think I have mentioned it to quite a number of participants today that there's some 
information with regard — I did not mention about the interim budget, but that the information 
was from the interim budget where there was an allocation done. Of course, finally, how it will 
pay out, how the steps which the government will take, the intention is to increase the 
production at the farm level, at the producer level with regard to aquaculture products. And we 
Page 14 of 16

Moderator: 
Sidharth Srikumar: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
need to see how we will have a better clarity once they give out where the allocation will be 
done and what are the measures they will be taking. 
But that 
is 
a good sign when if that can be effective. Of course, with the government 
authorities taking the right decisions within the right time, so that, that will help the primary 
producers to have a better balancing in costs and thereby have an overall increase in raw 
material production, which will help processing companies to have a stable supply to export 
the global markets. 
Next question is from the line of Sidharth Srikumar from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
I just have 1 more question. Like the primary producer level in Ecuador, what is the scenario 
right now in your information like at the primary producer level? Are they actually at loss? Or 
are their farms well? You had mentioned in the beginning that the cost is higher for shrimp 
farming for Ecuador? So like how are they actually doing? 
I specifically mentioned that the cost to do more of at the processing level with regard 
to value 
addition and the costs involved with regard to processing are at a higher level at Ecuador. That 
is more on the processing front. 
But getting to your point about the economics and the viability at the primary producer level, 
I 
think we need to very clearly state, the all-time low pricing was not viable to any primary 
producer in the world, whether it is Ecuador or India or Indonesia or Vietnam, anywhere it 
was. That was not definitely, it was not providing a commensurative price to anybody. 
And with the way the inflation has gone up and the costs going up overall and added to that, 
the survivabilities in countries like India, where the survivabilities were definitely are recling 
under the pressure of diseases or other problems, climate problems, definitely, the prices were 
very low and definitely, the costs were not being recovered. So now when there is a change in 
the market scenario and as things improve, at least they stabilized a bit and definitely not 
looking at such low pricing, it is a positive environment for the primary producers. 
And with regard to Ecuador, most of the farms out there are done by corporates, unlike India, 
where we have several small-time farmers spread across multiple states, all the coastal states 
and now even some of the in-line states. So unlike India, there are most of the Ecuadorian 
farms are done by corporates. So there, definitely, even in their case, the costing definitely was 
not in favor with regard to how the prices have dropped and everybody was waiting for 
corrections to happen. So it is not that they were also having any good time. 
If that was your question, whether they were being even in such low prices where they're doing 
good. No, sorry, they were not. Everybody had those problems, and everybody is under that 
pressure. That is one of the reasons why countries are coming together in marketing shrimp 
globally, starting with the United States market, in the beginning and the early part of 2024, 
that we are planning to have a marketing campaign so that the consumption of shrimp can 
increase overall, starting with U.S. market. That's the reason so that there will be better 
consumption going on and so that the demand will remain stable and such kind of crisis doesn't 
happen with regard to lower prices in the market. 
Page 15 0f 16

Moderator: 
Choudary Karuturi: 
Moderator: 
Apex Frozen Foods Limited 
February 16, 2024 
As there are no further questions, 
I would now like to hand the conference over to management 
for closing comments. 
Thank you very much, everyone, for joining us on this call of Q3FY24 and 9MFY24. And for 
any queries and clarification, you can always reach out to us and also our Investor Relations 
team, Stellar IR Advisors at ir@apexfrozenfoods.com. Thank you very much, and have a good 
day. 
On behalf of Apex Frozen Foods Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Page 16 of 16
