 
 
 
 
14th February 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd,                               BSE Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,                            P.J. Towers, Dalal Street 
Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400051.                                      Mumbai - 400001. 
Fax No.26598237/26598238                                              Fax No.22722037/22723121 
  
Name of Scrip: CIGNITITEC                                                Scrip code: 534758 
 
Dear Sir / Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript: Cigniti Q3 FY 2023-24 Result conference call on 7th February 2024- Reg 
Ref: Company’s letter dated 2nd May 2023 regarding Intimation for Earnings call under Regulation 
30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Please find the attached herewith Transcript of Cigniti Technologies Limited for Q4 FY 2023-24 
Result conference call held on 7th February 2024. The same was displayed at our company’s website: 
www.cigniti.com. 
  
This is for the information and records of the Exchange, please. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Faithfully,  
For Cigniti Technologies Limited 
 
 
 Naga Vasudha 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
Tadepalli 
Naga Vasudha
Digitally signed by 
Tadepalli Naga Vasudha 
Date: 2024.02.14 19:46:38 
+05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
Cigniti Technologies Limited 
Earnings Conference Call  
February 07, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Investors Call for Cigniti 
Technologies Limited to discuss the Q3 and 9M FY24 Results. 
Today we have with us from the Management, Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam – Executive 
Director and Chief Executive Officer of Cigniti Technologies Limited, Mr. Krishnan 
Venkatachary – Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Vinay Rawat – Chief Revenue Officer, Mr. 
Raghuram Krovvidy – Chief Delivery Officer, Mr. Sairamprabhu Vedam – Chief 
Marketing Officer and Mr. Veera Reddy Patlolla – Global Head of HR. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” followed by 
“0” on your touchtone phone. Please note this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Omkar Jalgaonkar from Adfactors PR. Thank 
you and over to you, sir.  
Omkar Jalgaonkar: 
Thank you. Good afternoon everyone. Before the call, we would like to point out that 
certain statements made in today’s call may be forward looking in nature and the 
disclaimer to this effect has been included in the earnings presentation shared with 
you earlier. The investor call may contain forward-looking statements based on the 
currently held beliefs and assumptions of the management of the company which are 
expressed in good faith and in their opinion reasonable. Forward-looking statements 
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause 
the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of the company 
or industry results to differ materially from the results financial condition, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking 
statement. 
 
The risks and uncertainties relating to these statements include but are not limited to 
risks and risks of expansion plans, benefits from fluctuations in our earnings, our 
ability to manage growth and implement strategies, competition in our business, 

 
Page 2 of 23 
including those factors which may affect our cost advantage, wage increases in India, 
our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals and our ability to win new 
contracts, changes in technology, availability of financing, our ability to successfully 
compete and integrate our expansion plans, liabilities, political instability and general 
economic conditions affecting our industry. Unless otherwise indicated, the 
information’s contained herein is preliminary indicative and is based on the 
management information, current plans and estimates.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam for the opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you. 
Srikanth Chakkilam: 
Thank you Omkar. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we 
discussed the Company's performance for the 3rd Quarter. We are pleased to 
announce that our consolidated revenues from operations for Q3 FY24 stood at Rs. 
468 crores marking substantial growth of about 9.4% compared to the corresponding 
quarter of the previous year and comparing to the previous quarter we have grown 
by about 3.6%.  
 
Our EBITDA margin stood at 13.8% with the EBITDA standing at Rs. 64.5 crores. During 
this quarter, we are delighted to announce that we have acquired about 6 new logos, 
further expanding our client base and demonstrating the attractiveness of our 
offerings. In the market, our pipeline remains strong although the sales cycle 
continues to be slightly on the dragging side.  
 
We've had a slight dent in terms of our revenues in a couple of logos due to in sourcing 
from the client and also one of the customers getting acquired although this change 
because of the acquisition has so far had no impact on the revenues. We are 
continuing to monitor and being cautious about the impact on the pipeline.  
 
Having said this, we have made investments into ensuring the pipeline remains 
strong. We are quite optimistic that we have the possibility of signing some marquee 
clients in the digital engineering side that can have considerable potential upside in 
the coming one to two quarters. 
 
Our commitment to revenue and EBITDA goals remains the same despite the 
challenges business throws at us. We are particularly excited about the significant 
progress we are building in the opportunity pipeline for digital engineering services 
within our existing accounts. Our performance reflects the trust and confidence that 

 
Page 3 of 23 
the organizations we are servicing plays in our capabilities and our expertise in the 
digital transformation landscape.  
 
Looking ahead, while we remain cognizant of the challenges posed by the global 
economic landscape we are also optimistic about the growth opportunities that lie 
ahead. Our continued investments in technology, talent, customer centric solutions 
position as well to capitalize on emerging trends and drive sustainable growth in the 
coming quarters.  
 
In closing, I would like to reaffirm the unwavering commitment to our shareholders 
in delivering long-term value. We remain focused on executing our strategic 
initiatives, enhancing shareholder returns and fostering sustainable growth guided by 
our core values of character, commitment and competence. While we take questions 
shortly, I will hand over the dias to Mr. Krishnan to give some detailed updates about 
the financial performance. 
Krishnan Venkatachary:  Thank you, Srikanth. Good evening to all the investors and for all those taken time to 
join the call and it's been a quarter though there have been a lot of challenges on the 
economic front, I think we have consistently tried to wait through perform and then 
try to remain positive and then work out positive.  
 
The quarter also has a challenge in terms of decision making and especially where we 
depend on the Western world and right from Thanksgiving till the Christmas holidays 
where the number of days gets reduced. In spite of all that, I think we have done a 
very positive growth on the INR terms at about 3.6% on the dollar term 2.9% clocking 
a revenue of 56.2 million as against 54.7 million in dollar terms. 
 
While the EBITDA front probably is about 13.8% that had lower comparing to what 
caused in the previous quarter, but this is on account of certain exceptional 
expenditure which has gone into legal which was necessitated to complete the legal 
portion as against dragging few of the employee related issues which we don't expect 
or anticipate.  
 
I think normalizing that probably our EBITDA has improved and would have been 
there at about 14.8% or so and that was necessitated for us to take it up clearly and 
especially the deployed and manage the funds effectively forced the distribution of 
the interim dividend as well as that has generated a good amount of income which 
makes our PAT stand at about 10.3% at a full-blown taxation. 

 
Page 4 of 23 
 
I think the quarter remains good, but while I would call that standard for every IT 
sector and especially for the company always traditionally Q3 has been a substitute 
quarter and comparing to that I think overall for the 9 months our EBITDA stands at 
about 14.2% while we have anticipated if go through based on the current set of run 
rate for the quarter I think we expect to end the year positively year over year 
comparing to last year in terms of the growth.  
 
While it is marginal but given the situation and the way we have devised our 
strategies, I think the strategies are working with respect to the nurture and growth 
accounts moving up in a bigger way. The top 20 accounts continue to contribute a 
healthy 54% contribution to the revenue. We have added about 6 clients in the 
quarter and 9 in the last quarter and which is also notable.  
 
We have started penetrating on the digital engineering services which is contributing 
about 10%, 11% of the total revenue and our increased thrust remains the same on 
the digital revenue and these sectors which are contributing in summary basically is 
that retail, BFSI, travel and the healthcare continue to contribute about 70% plus of 
the total volume of business and all of which healthcare stands out in terms of the 
highest margin and our focus on retail is expanding and expected to contribute in a 
bigger way in the coming quarters we are optimistic. 
 
The dollar rate and both on the top share and onshore there's moved up marginally 
by about half a dollar and our utilization is at peak in both these segments hovering 
around an average at about 80% and we are at a healthy trend in terms of the 
resource peak utilization at about 21 to 79, 21 being on site and 79 being at offshore. 
We have generated a good amount of cash during the quarter, and if you look at the 
overall 6 months.  
 
Cash from operations generated has moved out to close to about Rs. 120 crores, 
which is the first two quarters under subdued growth and subsequently we have 
generated a good amount of growth. The receivables are under control, and we still 
have at about 58 days and even if I look at some amount of unbilled revenue based 
on the projects which are milestone based still land up at about close to 65 days, but 
I think on a sector invoice revenue we are near at about 58 days which is good control 
and we don't see any uncertainty on account of bad debts or of any kind of write offs. 
 
And so the way things are moving up I think the order book position looking healthy 
and we are expected to finish the quarter and move ahead and we are looking always 

 
Page 5 of 23 
looking ahead for the next year, next year looks highly positive though we are 
cautiously watching the global economy, but I think we are extremely positive on the 
future growth for the coming years. With these few words, I'll open up forum and 
request my colleague and the CRO Vinay Rawat to say a few words on the business 
and outlook.  
Vinay Rawat: 
Thanks, Krishnan. Maybe I'll just reiterate some of the facts which Srikanth and 
Krishnan mentioned in terms of the customers are being very cautious. The overall 
underlying drivers for the customers are still cost optimization and consolidation. 
Discretionary spend which actually was very significant during pandemic time actually 
it continues to shrink.  
 
Customers are still very cautious about bringing back their discretionary spend and 
that shows up in the elongated sales cycle which actually we have been facing in some 
of our customer places. Our new logo growth actually has been pretty healthy. The 
size and quality of the revenue is something which actually has improved very 
significantly our focused account, account classification go to market strategy which 
we implemented actually has been showing very healthy growth.  
 
As Krishnan mentioned our top 20 accounts actually continues to grow year over year. 
Our relationship into those accounts actually continues to grow and our overall 
relationship metrics has been increasing and we are becoming more and more 
strategic to those customers. Our service lines spend into these customers actually 
has been increasing means we are getting more and more traction into digital services 
and therefore expanding our footprint and getting more wallet share from the same 
customers.  
 
Our top 74 accounts were predominantly the sales focuses their expansion of revenue 
actually has gone to almost 90% which is as I mentioned earlier is testament to our 
account focused approach. Overall, what we see right now, what we actually 
observed at the end of 3rd Quarter were customers being little more cautious 
because of not a very certain environment particularly from an interest rate 
perspective the cost of capital obviously continues to be expensive and therefore 
customers are still not opening up the purse.  
 
So, as Krishnan mentioned, I'll reiterate that we continue to be optimistic. Despite all 
the headwinds, we have actually delivered sequential growth and we think we will 

 
Page 6 of 23 
continue to be growing significantly in the coming quarters. With that, I will hand it 
over to my colleague Raghu, who is our Chief Delivery Officer. 
Raghuram Krovvidy: 
Thanks Vinay. I think heard about the business outlook from delivery standpoint we 
continue to balance and tightly run the operations to ensure that we continuously 
improve our margins. Our customer satisfaction score for the quarter has again been 
a record high about 3.84 out of 4 with about 80% coverage from our clients. We are 
continuing to see increased digital engineering services appetite specifically in the 
areas of SRE, DevOps and data.  
 
So, this quarter we also focused on increasing more capability and capacity both at 
the leadership level and the workforce level to ensure that we are able to ramp up 
teams as and when required. Our focus on continuing to deliver value-based services 
through our IT continues. We have been out of the 6 logos that Srikanth and Krishnan 
were mentioning at least 3 out of those 6 logos we have been able to show our IT 
story as a differentiator. 
 
So, that focus continues and we are very hopeful that as we get into FY25 we will be 
able to further ramp up on the digital engineering services business. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Raghu. Thanks Vinay. I request Sairam, our Chief Marketing Officer to give us 
a perspective from the marketing side. Over to you. 
Sairam Vedam: 
Thank you. I hope I'm audible in line with the commentary of all our executives in fact 
on an interesting note the Q3 quarter is where all the global analysts actually give up 
the most updated positioning and I'm very delighted to let know our renewed focus 
on strengthening our digital engineering positioning got a significant flip in the 
quarter that went by.  
 
We've got about 22 recognitions of them, 16 on the digital engineering side and most 
importantly so IDC is positioned us for the first time as a major player in the 
worldwide software digital engineering services landscape which is a very, very big 
jump for Cigniti’s march ahead along with that we have been provided a very special 
recognition as an emerging company, the digital engineering operation and 
technology services landscape by IDC. 7 of our case studies in the world of analytics 
data AI have been featured along with 16 Tier 1 digital engineering companies.  
 
We've also been specifically positioned as a major contender in the data and analytics 
segment which goes to show the strength of the data engineering practice that we 

 
Page 7 of 23 
have been building in the mid market segment by Everest. On the digital assurance 
side, I'm delighted to let know for the first time we've been positioned by Everest as 
a leader, the star performer rating in the specialized QE services providers which is a 
new report that Everest launched and also as a major contender with star performer 
rating in the next generation quality engineering which is nothing, but digital 
assurance.  
 
So, that said, we've also got some very specific vertical recognitions in the area of 
lending and IT services assurance, ISP's positioned as a leader in continuous testing 
and forester after a long time came up with a new continuous testing automation 
landscape report that Cigniti was specifically called out.  
 
Last but not the least we have been positioned as a disruptor by HFS in the world's 
first generative enterprise services provider report which again goes to show the 
deep reflections of AI led digital engineering, generative AI, computer vision, machine 
learning areas that we are investing to work and forest recruiters as a specialized 
provider in application modernization and migration services landscape which is a 
reflection of the enterprise application services enterprise modernization practice 
that we are building and we are also coined out in the Zinnov, ER&D zones for specific 
internet of medical things, internet of things work. So, that's from an analyst 
positioning. 
 
To summarize, it goes back to the strong foundation that we have made to march in 
the digital engineering landscape with a very substantial leadership in digital 
assurance are both IPs as Raghu rightly said, Zastra and Blue Swan were finalists in 
the worldwide Watts Humphery Awards. 
Before I end I just want to give an important anecdote: 
 
For instance, latest report which is a month old also tells that the impact of generative 
AI will actually yield substantially incremental 2.5% spend increase in the world of 
testing because the entire test life cycle is expected to be augmented with generative 
AI infusion and a 15.5% CAGR growth is what Gen AI led digital engineering is 
projected and Cigniti is playing in both the areas with substantial focus. So, that's from 
our market positioning perspective. I will now give it back to Krishnan. 
Krishnan Venkatachary: Thanks Sai. Over to Veera Reddy our Global HR Head to talk a bit more on the sourcing 
and the resource retention and the attrition. 

 
Page 8 of 23 
Veera Reddy: 
Thank you, Krishnan. Thank you very much. Good evening everyone. This year has 
been fairly good from an HR point of view. Employee satisfaction levels are high and 
attrition is trending very low. We are currently running below 13% and hopefully the 
same trend continues through the next 2 months of this quarter, and we are 
optimistic that we will end the year below 13%.  
 
We are also going for the renewal of the space to work. We have been rated at this 
place. So, greatest work for last 2 years and then third time in a row we are going for 
it and then it is coming up for renewal in May with the current satisfaction levels I'm 
sure we will get it for third time. From a training and development point of view. Last 
quarter we have actually successfully completed a training program at one of the 
engineering colleges in Hyderabad. We have trained 50 plus students on some of the 
skills that we need. So, that it reduces the time of the fresher coming in and then 
joining into a project.  
 
So, we are now looking to absorb these students in the upcoming quarter which helps 
in our Pyramid Refresh Program as well and we will continue to focus on this as an 
investment and then Pyramid Refresh Program has been move forward and then look 
for doing it in more than 3 to 4 colleges next year. So, those are some of the updates 
from HR and then we'll be happy to answer any questions. Back to you Krishnan. 
Krishnan Venkatachary: Thank you. I think we can open up the question to the moderator. Please open up the 
forum for questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have 
our first question from Swechha Jain from Whitestone Financial Advisors. Please go 
ahead. 
Swechha Jain: 
Sir. I have a couple of questions. One was the 6 logos that we have added, if you could 
just help us understand which sector these logos are from like which industry and 
typically what kind of work have you got from that, is it more on the digital 
engineering side or what kind of scope of work these 6 logos we've done for. 
 
Second also if you could give some sense on the order book, the current order book 
and even on this order book what percentage would be from digital engineering kind 
of services and also I wanted to understand broadly what kind of services are they 
looking for the digital engineering side of our business, some sense as to how big can 

 
Page 9 of 23 
it be and what are your thought process how to build this and what are we thinking 
about it? 
Management: 
So, let me I think there's quite a few questions actually you've asked. So, let me first 
actually talk about the customers and the new logos we acquired in the last quarter, 
they are not specifically from one industry segment. They are spread across multiple 
segments. However, some of the larger clients which we acquired actually are from 
BFSI. 
 
One of them is actually from BFSI and another one is actually from rail transportation 
industry they are one of the largest rail transportation company North America. One 
customer is actually in retail. This is a European customer. So, as I said like they are 
sort of distributed across the kind of work which actually we will be doing with these 
customers is actually mixed. It is an integrated work where we are in almost all the 
cases, we are actually transitioning the work from some of our larger peers in the 
industry.  
 
This is applications maintenance, application integration testing also their application 
support requires development work for any function or feature which is actually 
required during this application sustenance phase. So, that's what it is. So, as I said 
like it's kind of a mixed work and development and quality engineering.  
 
You asked a question regarding digital engineering. Now I will actually divide this 
question into two parts. One, the work which we do in the quality engineering side 
also actually happens to be in the digital areas. So, if you were to actually purely 
looking from digital revenue, that digital revenue is almost 60% of our revenue which 
we do today. 
 
However, specifically on the development side that revenue stands close to about 
10% to 12% of our overall revenue from digital engineering perspective. As far as 
order book is concerned that continues to be pretty healthy. If you look at where we 
were last year and year over year our order book actually it continues to be 
improving. Our revenue realization of the order book actually is within the industry 
range which we have seen from our peers or even the larger peers in the industry.  
 
So, that as I mentioned earlier in my comment and Krishnan also mentioned that 
continues to remain healthy. I will actually give it to Krishnan for giving specific 

 
Page 10 of 23 
numbers around order booking. Did I answer all your questions or is there anything 
specific I missed out. 
Swechha Jain: 
Just a follow up. So, when we say digital engineering services on the development 
side so you said we are 10% to 12% and I believe in the commentary what I heard is 
we are quite optimistic about increasing this revenue share from the development 
side of the digital engineering services.  
 
So, if you could help me understand exactly what do we do on the development side 
of the digital engineering services like what kind of work do we do there and how big 
this can become for us? 
Management: 
So, over last 12 months we have doubled our digital engineering services which I'm 
purely talking about in the development space and just to again clarify digital 
engineering means different things to different people and it's a very large umbrella. 
So, the scope which actually we have defined for ourselves today within digital 
engineering that business is something has doubled, and we expect that to continue 
to grow at a similar pace for next year as well. So, we are very hopeful that we will 
actually double it again in the coming year. 
Management: 
Coming back to the order book position basically the benefit of all the listeners is that 
we have a confirmed order book position for April to March for the next financial year 
is at about close to $205 million and coming back to the order book in terms of digital 
engineering I will put it out this way that the increased trust is on digital while the 
current year revenue will end up at about 11%, 12% of the total revenue. The way 
which it is you have seen the three quarters and the fourth quarter getting repeated 
out and things like that. 
 
But I think we're trying to push that to close to about 18% in the subsequent year 
with the nominal growth which we hope to have we don't give any guidance, but I 
think we expect a high level digit growth for the revenue which should contribute at 
about close to 18% or so should be on the digital side. So, we are fairly piled up on 
the order book. 
Swechha Jain: 
So, just on the EBITDA margin side like you said EBITDA, so any guidance can you give 
like because our EBITDA was lower in this quarter, so any ballpark number that you 
feel? 

 
Page 11 of 23 
Management: 
Actually as I told you that absolutely we are not putting in any number in terms of the 
guidance, but what happens is that if we look through last year we've been at about 
14% odd. This year we have sustained that and we will sustain because if you look at 
9 months we have been there at about 14.2% and we will sustain and this quarter 
specifically a blip is on account of see some settlements on the legal side which I said 
will not get repeated out or whatever it is because you're taking out of cautious 
measures.  
 
So, if you look through for the year ahead or whatever it is wishful thinking is to 
increase at least by about 150 basis points to 200 points, but I think we are actually 
it’s a bare minimum we are confident that we will be able to increase by about 150 
basis points in the coming year. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from J&J Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
The first one is related to expenses. I see our expenses like we have added a good 
headcount from last year to this year, but I see the revenue growth is not showing up 
in the results. So, regarding that I need some clarity on that. 
 
And the second part is on the digital engineering business. I know our company core 
competency is in the testing and digital assurance or quality testing or engineering, 
but why are we going with the development focus. Do we have the right talent and 
skill set in that area to explore and that is my second question? 
Krishnan Venkatachary: I'll answer the second question to get answered by our Chief Delivery officer on that 
point number one basically is that while the addition of manpower has come through 
in the current year at a cost as we rightly said, you should look at that 12% of the 
business we have given an increased trend and created a bench for the purpose of 
digital engineering purposes which comes out at differential costs.  
 
These are investments in the business which necessitates basically cutting down a 
little bit on the margin side to absorb and we don't carry out of any expenditure of 
the capital assets. So, invariably we'll have to invest, take it and then we have also 
invested a little bit on the R&D side which was necessitated to get through in terms 
of if you have observed the company's website or whatever it is that we have come 
out with certain ITES and then just be successful and then we have started even 
upselling on those licenses.  

 
Page 12 of 23 
 
So, this was necessitated and it's a cycle in the business which you'll have to do it and 
especially when the transitioning and transformation happens. While the business is 
linear, I won't be able to bill everyone back into the business in terms of availability 
and we will have to invest, think ahead, invest and start moving ahead basically and 
start realizing at the point of time very clearly.  
 
So, this year has been a year of transformation in terms of the digital which 
necessitated for me to spend on the offering side, center of excellence creating a 
bench pool. So, that the customer gets confidence internal sales gets confidence, 
internal delivery gets confidence that yes the resources are available for deployment 
and taking over so that it becomes a big bang theory that is on question one. Question 
two with respect to the development and offering, I request Raghu to answer that 
actually. 
Raghu Krovvidy: 
Thanks Krishnan. I think while we were always, I mean, as you rightly said initially we 
were testing quality engineering, quality assurance or digital assurance company you 
would appreciate that finally we were responsible for quality of development of the 
product and quality of their release, quality of their deployment, quality of how their 
production worked, anything and everything related to quality, that is point number 
one. 
 
Second we as a company have always adopted technology as a means to drive testing 
as well. It is not just functional testing with manual eyeballing, a lot of tools, a lot of 
technologies, a lot of people with development background and our core offering has 
also been around test automation since quite some time and test automation is about 
writing code to test code. 
 
Therefore, as a company we also realized, and this was just before pandemic and 
that's where we started pivoting towards digital engineering services as well is that if 
you want to continue to influence quality across the software development life cycle, 
and with the advent of agile, with the advent of DevOPS as more and more testing 
and Dev getting integrated and congruently working in the context of SDLC. 
 
It becomes important for us to influence quality across the life cycle and it's no more 
just that only testing techniques or testing technology to drive quality that you have 
to be able to influence across the software development life cycle with quality at the 
core because we had that expertise at the back end, we had the skill set of driving 

 
Page 13 of 23 
code with code in terms of quality testing and the ability to have a seat in the digital 
table to make that quality pivot for the enterprise in the context of the overall SDLC.  
 
We started expanding our service offerings into a larger realm of digital and we didn't 
do this only unanimously when we discussed this with our clients. We piloted some 
of our offerings with our clients, our capability to go above and beyond or to be able 
to handle digital applications and drive quality. We were very much welcomed.  
 
So, it is a logical extension to move from just testing to influencing quality across the 
SDLC by also contributing to digital engineering, therefore helping digital 
transformational goals to be achieved by the enterprises. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
How much of our headcount is into development because I think the last time it was 
at 100 par it is increased or how is that number? 
Management: 
As of as of last month we stand somewhere between 500 to 600. The reason why I 
say 500 to 600 is because it's a flux anywhere across the globe, but today our 
development practice is close to about 500 - 600 people. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
And on the expenses part I understand that we are doing R&D and we are expanding 
out that is great, but I was particularly asking about the employee expenses, what is 
the current plans in our hiring? Are we having the same space because lot of I see 
from last year also we have hired a couple of extensive hiring we have done. So, when 
that will come to our growth that is what I'm trying to understand? 
Management: 
See I made very clear that it's an year of investment and we're conscious very clearly 
that we have done only utilization of 70% on the digital engineering side whatever 
has done basically to build the reserves pool for purpose of deployment which is 
getting now converted, we are cautiously optimistic in terms of trying to get the 
money value of all the investments which we are trying to do on the digital side 
clearly.  
 
So, if you look at the investments the entire investments on the resources we are now 
trying to re-correct the entire permit structure both on the existing business and also 
on the digital side. We should see benefits in the coming quarters especially in the 
coming years, first two quarters. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
So, whatever we have hired it, it was mostly towards development role, is my 
understanding correct? 

 
Page 14 of 23 
Management: 
It's a combination basically some of the key accounts just come on the retail side or 
whatever it is demanded a better skill set in terms of technology, domain knowledge 
and domain expertise needed very clearly so which has come as a later hire which 
even out over the project period because these are projects which are for a 5 year 
contract that's coming through, which will even out over a period of time and also 
the advantage when we try to build a domain and get the domain expertise is that 
the investments is multifold because subsequent projects we don't need to invest 
again in the domain expertise it gets evened out completely and jump start becomes 
comfortable.  
 
So, it's a part of the business. So, we'll have to live with that very clearly. Even if you 
go through the employee cost for 9 months comparison to 9 months while I may have 
incurred 14% on the employee cost I have come down on the contractor cost by about 
7% overall. So, the net-net part of it if you look at it basically is that which is in 
parlance with the necessity for the business which with all these investments coming 
through, I've been trying to do the optimization best possible within the short time. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
So, I understand digital engineering we are spending a lot of efforts there, but our 
major part of the revenue comes from digital assurance and how confident are you 
in this space for the next year? How do you see growth and digital assurance? 
Management: 
I think I will ask my colleague Sairam to talk about the marketing value. Sai can you 
just provide the market value of digital assurance and market value of digital 
engineering just as a one liner so that's the conference and space that we are tapping. 
Sairam Vedam: 
The overall integrated digital engineering and digital assurance market right now is 
about $705 billion and expected to be about $1.3 trillion that constitutes both digital 
assurance and digital engineering and as I said in my commentary the digital 
assurance market itself is getting an additional 2.5% growth to about $23.5 billion 
owing to the impact of generative AI and the overall assurance market is $43 billion.  
 
So, if you look at it like a three-point agenda, we are actually we have increased our 
total addressable and serviceable market by about 15 times and with an integrated 
portfolio that we are building and as reflected in our GTM strategy with the set of 
accounts that we are going to go and grow our growth, nature and strategic accounts. 
We are well placed to tap into this market further and further. 
Management: 
I'm sure. Gentlemen, I'm sure that will answer your query, right. 

 
Page 15 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Parth Kotak from Alpha Plus 
capital. Please go ahead. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. One, do we have some leading indicator, the growth 
that supposedly was posted I would say our expectation would be much higher in 
terms of the growth that we are posting.  
 
So, internally do we have some leading indicators especially the ones you mentioned 
core revenue comes from the Western world. So, if that could get us some guidance 
on company’s probably coaching on the order side? 
Management: 
Yes. So, in IT services generally the leading factor is the order book and I did mention 
earlier that our order book actually continues to be healthy in terms of our revenue 
realization from order book actually also continues to be in line with the industry.  
 
So, if we look at our multiyear order book and the order book which actually we have 
currently booked in last 9 months that certainly actually like continues to 
demonstrate that we will grow in double digit in next financial year. So, that's all I can 
tell you right now as Krishnan meant we don't give any specific guidance, but the 
order book definitely continues to be healthy. 
Parth Kotak: 
Sir, in terms of the recent client acquisitions that we've made 6 in the last quarter 9 
in the previous one, are these clients expected to be large billing clients from next 
year itself where we could probably see one or two of those clients creeping into our 
top 10 client list or top 15 client list? 
Management: 
Absolutely yes. So, one of the largest client which we acquired in the last 3 quarters 
is the top 3 railroad transportation company in North America. Their spending is 
minimum 3 digit million dollars like hundreds of millions of dollars which they could 
spend on the technology space. We've actually signed up a sizeable deal with them 
as we speak. We are transitioning work from some of the larger peers which actually 
happens to be an integrated application development support and quality 
engineering.  
 
The other client that actually which was referring to is the BFSI client is a bank with 
about $80 billion of assets under management. They offer again they are client 
actually which spend a fairly sizable amount in the technology space. So, the retailer 
which actually I was talking about that retailer is one of the largest retailer in Eastern 
European market. So, as of now we are absolutely optimistic that some of these 

 
Page 16 of 23 
clients actually will definitely become our top 10, top 20 customers in the coming 
financial year. 
Parth Kotak: 
That is very encouraging, sir. Sir, finally if I could squeeze in one last question we've 
been talking about inorganic growth which will help us achieve the long-term target 
that we've envision? Do we have anything on the table while we understand that 
getting something EPS accretive and the field that we are looking in could be certainly 
challenging in this environment, but while the growth is a little tepid if we may say 
so, do we have certain opportunities on the table as of today? 
Management: 
Are you referring to organic growth? 
Parth Kotak: 
In organic growth. 
Management: 
So, inorganic growth I think we are very aggressive. Active proposals are being 
considered, but I think as we get to the stage invariably I think we'll get it through by 
the board and then we'll disseminate information systematically, but I think I can say 
that we are very aggressive on the lookout. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Danish Mistry from Investor 
First Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Danish Mistry: 
One is that obviously you've talked about how you've gotten resources and 
employees, so you can just run us through what's happening on the utilization front 
especially on the onsite side, that's number one.  
 
Number two is your other expenses have gone up meaningfully both YoY and quarter-
on-quarter, so some sense on what these other expenses are especially if there are 
any one offs and related to that you've mentioned certain cost control measures. So, 
how are these linked to this other expenses line item would be helpful to understand? 
Management: 
Utilization at on site is at about 93% or so. It always remains at about 93% to 95% 
subject to a quarter or two variation of ~1%. On offshore utilization reminded about 
healthy at about 82%. I would say that I've reached the optimal level at this point of 
time, while it is 82% will have a marginal impact as we start pushing up because to 
the digital is miniscule, digital operates at about 70%, 72% and then probably I'll be 
able to push it to the 75% on the digital side which is essential to have the resourcing 
on the jump start.  

 
Page 17 of 23 
 
So, I would say the utilization is on the optimal effect with respect to where we are 
today. With respect to the expenditure if you look at especially on the other 
expenditure side which you have asked about the increase which has happened 
invariably is that one off line item could be on the legal side which we had to certain 
employee settlements, especially in the quarter.  
 
And that is specifically on the line item, but we have gone ahead, and we have spent 
certain marketing dollars on certain events. We have utilized the opportunity and 
created as a visibility especially when we launched on the digital side which is 
essential and added a couple of sales folks which was necessitated for us especially 
creating a carving and niche on the specific segment of vertical very clearly which the 
benefit of it everything will come will come through basically even out over the next 
couple of quarters as we start seeing the generation of the revenue.  
 
So, apart from these two in terms of the expenditure on the other side and there has 
been some amount of OPEX expenditure which was necessitated on the IT side for 
certain upgradation of the networking and other security tools which was based on 
the worldwide cyber attacks happening, we had to necessarily spend and take a 
precaution on the cyber attack areas.  
 
So, I think these are one of the things which definitely necessitated for enhancement 
in the expenditure. We are carefully monitoring each and every line item to ensure 
that either optimization or reduction or to get the best value out of it.  
Danish Mistry: 
So, sir out of this roughly Rs. 50 crores I'm not asking for a breakdown, but out of this 
Rs. 50 crores how much would be attributable to the heads that kind of talked about 
roughly? 
Management: 
I would probably take it offline and send you the details very clearly on that because 
I will not just remember on the face of it clearly. I know for sure that if you look at for 
the quarter at least my EBITDA would have moved up by about 1% to 1.3% from the 
current level which speaks very clearly as to the volume as to what it is on the legal 
front, but I think if I have to assimilate for the 9 months probably I can take the 
question offline and send it across to you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you sir. We have our next question from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from 
HG Hawa & Company. Please go ahead. 

 
Page 18 of 23 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
So, what are the kind of customers that we are having and can you give a flavor of 
which industries contributed as to what percentage of our total revenue that’s one.  
 
And secondly sir if you could just guide us about the evolution of this company and 
also the management structure as to who really looks after what the functions and if 
you could guide us with the KRAs of the key personnel like CEO, CFO and COO also? 
Management: 
Our top 3 industry segments are retail BFSI and HCLS Healthcare and Life sciences. 
These are our top 3 industry segments with approximately about 22% coming from 
retail and e-commerce approximately almost equivalent or maybe 21.5% coming 
from BFSI and about 17%, 18% coming from travel, transport, hospitality and about 
12%, 13% coming from HCLS. So, those are our 4 top industry segments I said HCLS as 
number 3 actually HCLS is number 4, travel transport is number 3 for us. So, this in 
terms of percentage that's the industry segment. What was your question regarding 
the customers? 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
So, my question is that what is our management structure and what are the KRAs for 
the key personal like COO, CMO, and CEO? 
Veera Reddy: 
So, KRA pretty much directly tagged to the financial goals that we have. We have 
revenue margins. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
How much of the KRA attached to revenue what percentage? 
Veera Reddy: 
It is at a CRO and CEO level it is 30% of the KRA is tagged to the revenue. 
Management: 
See, gentlemen, we are a company. We are a listed company and we are governed by 
the Board independent and we are governed by the budget which are necessary as 
per the internal controls and measures and the KRAs and KPAs are tagged to these 
budgets and individual performance parameters which are monitored by the 
compensation committee and which is applicable from level 1 to the level 7 officers 
clearly. I think just to understand in this call probably I'll be able to provide this much 
probably anything beyond that it is a very specific query with respect to it. What is 
possible for disclosure we will do it. I appreciate we can write to us separately. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
If you could just mention it in the next annual report? 
Management: 
Whatever is statutorily required is running through in the annual report. What has 
been missed out we will definitely look at it, but to our knowledge basically we have 

 
Page 19 of 23 
not missed out what is essential and to be furnished as per the Companies Act 
necessary we are furnishing and we shall be more than happy to furnish whatever is 
needed. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Mr. Subhash from Value 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Subhash: 
My question is on the share holding pattern so the promoter holding has been 
decreasing from last 4 years if you see and from the last few quarters it has been 
decreasing continuously, so if you could light on that would be helpful? 
Management: 
So, you should understand that the business is being run over the last 25 years by the 
promoters and the decrease could be on account of various reasons. One is on 
account of natural dilution in the initial years basically on account of preferential 
issues, but subsequently if we look through basically on ESOPs and the third point 
now is that they will have to retire with certain of their personal debts considering 
their own set of segments in terms of where they're operating. They would like to get 
being be debt-free invariably. So, for that purposes retirements have taken place, but 
if you look at it in between they've also acquired, but having said that, but I think it's 
an individual choice for a company and especially on the technology side basically.  
 
I think we're more concerned in terms of the going concern, continuity and 
movement very clearly while the promoters portion what we talked about is trying to 
come down. We also have to look at and give weightage to the institutional mutual 
funds where the holding has moved up by about 7%, 8%, 10% , also if you look at the 
PMS we are there at about 10% which has shifted their hands into a healthier hands 
clearly.  
 
But having beyond this, I don't think I'll be able to answer very clearly as to what is 
their reasoning basically because it's all their personal reason, but if you look at it they 
have not really moved ahead to reduce drastically as to what it and if you look at 
there is a set of promoter who are holding about 9% as reclassified themselves as a 
non-promoter.  
 
So, if you consider that still that portion of the stock will enjoy a good relationship 
remains as a part of promoter I mean known entity of promoter very clear. It is it is 
just that for administrative convenience we would like to bring NRA we regrouped 

 
Page 20 of 23 
himself as a non-promoter. So, that has to be grossed up when you compare basically 
as to what it was.  
 
So, I would say that reducing by about 5 percentage 6 percentage over a period of 15 
years, 20 years it's understandable. 
Subhash: 
The reduction has been like I think over 8% from last 4 years, but you've answered 
my question. So, I'll look over the details on the non-promoter side also as you 
mentioned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We have our next question from the line of Majid Ahmad from Smart 
Sync investments. Please go ahead. 
Majid Ahmad: 
Sir, why has the pace of new clients have reduced I think it was at 9 and now it is at 
6, do you see that decreasing or it will get steady it can move going forward? 
Management: 
No I will ask my colleague Vinay to answer your question is that why new addition of 
clients has reduced you are just comparing compared to last quarter to this quarter, 
but I think I will request my colleague to answer that.  
Vinay Rawat: 
So, some of this is actually intentional, just to actually tell you that we've been 
focusing more on the quality of the customers which we acquire. The intent is 
obviously whatever customer we acquire those customers actually should have 
enough spend which actually can continue to be an important and they actually offer 
potential to become important and strategic customers to us. 
 
Just to give you a number perspective our average client side which actually we 
acquired last year or prior to that year that number actually has almost quadrupled 
though the number of clients actually have come down, but the average size of the 
customer which actually we have acquired has quadrupled. So, the quality, the 
quantity is reduced, but the quality has improved substantially and that's actually 
been the focus that's by design, not by accident. 
Majid Ahmad: 
Is there any plans in terms of the industry are you planning to move to the automotive 
or EV space, any plans do you have in providing your services?  
Vinay Rawat: 
So, given our size we have not specifically focused or created domain competency to 
go after a specific industry segment. Our play is more horizontal, more technological 
play and that's what we continue to do. We do believe that I think in the coming 

 
Page 21 of 23 
quarters or a year or so, we actually should have a threshold of revenue which 
actually will certainly warrant domain competency improvement and at that point of 
time we will focus on industry segments.  
 
As far as the automotive industry is concerned that industry is not our focus area as 
of today. Our top 4 industry segments as I outlined earlier continue to be BFSI, retail, 
travel and hospitality and HCLS.  
Majid Ahmad: 
The last final question that I have is, is there any plan to give dividends to the 
shareholders or buybacks happening? 
Management: 
We have done in the last quarter only for 6 months we have announced the interim 
dividend. We'll have to allow for the company to complete the March accounts and 
the directors to take a call on the final dividend and anything on the buyback which 
comes through I think the directors will review and then come back through 
exchanges on a uniform basis, but I think they have been doing what is best to the 
shareholders that in the sense that the board has been considering and doing it. So, 
allow us the right time basically to we will come back. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. We have our next question from the line of Aditya Jhawar from J&J 
Capital. Please go ahead. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
Sir. I wanted to particularly understand how our digital assurance the runway of 
growth for next couple of years can you throw some light here on our order book and 
our positioning with the new digital like DevOps automation lot of things we have 
added. So, on that how do you see this digital assurance side scaling up?  
Management: 
I'll just give you in a summary basically that we have drawn up a plan to reach in the 
next 5 years to a billion dollar business where we expect at least a 55% of the revenue 
coming from the digital side.  
 
I think that is the confidence level at which where we are moving, where we are last 
year at about 6% this year at about 12% and it's a vast field. My colleague Sairam has 
already indicated in terms of the landscape which is available where we are trying to 
get there and if you asked me today what I'm going to achieve over a period of year-
over-year in terms of the order book I won't be able to comment on that.  
 
But I think the confidence at which in the next year with the high double-digit growth 
on the total revenue which is expected and where we're trying to garner about 18% 

 
Page 22 of 23 
of that from the digital, sense from the fact that there is enough order book position 
available with me that is one of the reasons it has been commented. 
 
But I think having said that 24 - 24 being 18% in 4 years time from there or 3.5 years’ 
time or 3years time getting to about 50%, 55% of the total revenue coming from the 
digital area with an optimistic approach because of the efforts what we are making, 
the investments what we are making on the market landscape which is growing and 
the analyst support which come out and corroborate our views very clearly. This is 
what at this stage I'll be able to comment.  
Aditya Jhawar: 
Yeah, but when you say digital, there are two parts. One is digital assurance, and one 
is digital engineering and the digital engineering you said that currently we are at 12% 
now that will move to 18% that is the development part you're talking about.  
 
So, you are saying that in the next 4 to 5 years your development would be 55% of 
your total revenue is that what you're saying?  
Management: 
Absolutely yes. So, digital engineering when we talk about development will be about 
when I talk about on a billion dollars then 55% will come through. 
Aditya Jhawar: 
So, development is 55%, rest will be of assurance. So, my particular question was 
about assurance? 
Management: 
So, I think my colleague Raghu actually talked about this and I just want to kind of 
reiterate on the point that while development like whatever we do on the quality 
engineering side actually also involves the development. I think very clearly 
articulated that it is not functional, which does not require any development skill. 
 
Test automation also requires development skill. Ultimately, even on the quality 
engineering side we are actually testing the code which has been developed by 
developers and that requires significant amount of development skills. So, our overall 
digital business as I was mentioning earlier stands to be almost like 60%, 65% even 
today which means like whatever our customers are doing particularly with regards 
to digital transformation we are some shape we are involved with those clients in 
some shape and form.  
 
Now what you're referring to digital engineering is actually things like data analytics, 
things like cloud transformation, things like DevOps, things like SaaS applications 
those are part of our offerings even today and that that business continues to grow 

 
Page 23 of 23 
for us and as Krishnan mentioned that our intent is to actually grow that business to 
almost 50% to 55% of our revenue hopefully that answers your question.  
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Due to time constraint, that was the last question for today and 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Srikanth Chakkilam for closing comments. 
Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Srikanth Chakkilam: 
I thank everyone for joining this call and participating in the discussion of the 
performance of the company. Your questions are quite valuable and it gives us an 
opportunity to reflect on the direction of the company and we take them as inputs. 
Thanks again. And if you have any questions that we were not able to answer in this 
call please feel free to reach out to our company. We will answer them to the best of 
our ability and get back to you, but thanks again and we look forward to seeing you 
all in the next Earnings Call. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Cigniti Technologies Limited that concludes this conference. You may 
now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
 
 
This Transcript has been slightly edited at few places for clarity and accuracy and may contain transcription 
errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made 
to ensure high level of accuracy. 
