 
 
 
February 3, 2024 
 
To, 
BSE Limited                                                                
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,           
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 023 
BSE Code: 532926 
                             
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: JYOTHYLAB 
 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the earnings conference call for the quarter ended December 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Para A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, Transcript of the earnings conference 
call held on Wednesday, January 31, 2024 for analyst/ investors to discuss the Un-audited Financial 
Results for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 and the way forward, is 
enclosed. 
 
Further, the aforesaid information is also available on the website of the Company at 
www.jyothylabs.com. 
 
Kindly take the same on your record and display the same on website of the Stock Exchange.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
 
Shreyas Trivedi 
Head – Legal & Company Secretary 
 
Encl.: As above 
SHREYAS 
PARAG TRIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
SHREYAS PARAG TRIVEDI 
Date: 2024.02.03 
11:07:38 +05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
 
“Jyothy Labs Limited 
Q3 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MS. M.R. JYOTHY – MANAGING DIRECTOR – JYOTHY 
LABS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJAY AGARWAL – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
– JYOTHY LABS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Jyothy Labs Q3 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. As always, it's our absolute pleasure to host the management of Jyothy 
Laboratories for the -- for this conference call. Over to management for the opening remarks and 
the presentation and post which we'll open the floor for Q&A. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Thank you, Manoj, and good afternoon, everyone. We welcome you to the conference call of 
Jyothy Labs to discuss the financial performance for this quarter ended March 31st, 2023. I'm 
sure the results and the investor presentation, which are available on the stock exchange and also 
on our website, you all may have had a chance to look at it. 
So on the business environment front, overall demand environment has been mixed due to high 
inflation, consumer spend has been reduced thereby driving significant competitive intensity and 
resulting in more focus towards volume growth. 
 
The demand recovery at the rural India is yet to pick up the momentum. Input prices have eased 
off from the peak levels. And consequently, there is a higher the savings invested in higher A&P 
spend, which is driving higher competitiveness. 
 
In the midst of all of this, we have sustained our growth momentum, with our net sales up by 
10.6% value growth. Volume growth is 11%, while some minor price cuts across the portfolio. 
So the net value growth is 10.6%, with a volume growth 11%. EBITDA margin stand at 17.5% 
at INR118.6 crores, which is up by 40.6%. And net profit for the quarter is at INR90.0 crores, 
up by 34.9% for the quarter. 
 
We continue to strengthen our franchise with regular investment in all the growth initiatives, 
which we have identified, which is towards strategic brand building, increasing our direct 
distribution and also manufacturing capacity augmentation. And this obviously is supported with 
our focused execution, which has resulted in double-digit revenue growth for this quarter and as 
well as on the 2-year and 3-year CAGR basis. 
 
If you look at it, we're in a unique position with our product portfolio, having the offering for all 
the channels, which helps us in actually capturing growth through both premiumization and sales 
of low-unit packs. 
As I mentioned earlier, the input prices have normalized, which has helped us in sustaining the 
margins. In spite of our higher level of A&P spend, which we have done, which has also helped 
us in growing market share across our portfolio. And we continuously invest behind our digital 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
and ESG initiatives for sustained and a responsible growth. So overall, we are committed to 
build higher scale of operation with a superior margin profile and having a healthy cash position. 
 
Moving on to the key categories performance. Fabric Care sales have increased by 11.9% for 
this quarter. The segment, as you all know, we have post wash and main wash brands, both have 
had healthy growth across. And our focus on -- I mean in addition to all the other brands, which 
we have, focus is also on growing the fast-growing liquid detergent category, which has also 
witnessed good results. 
Also, our detergent powders have witnessed good demand, and we have been doing a lot of 
targeted consumer activations along with digital activities to build a strong Fabric Care portfolio. 
 
In Dish wash, our sales have increased by 6.7% for this quarter in spite of all the market 
challenges. The growth is driven by initiatives we have undertaken towards strengthening the 
brands and making it more future-ready. Focus continues to drive LUPs, which enable us or 
which is enabling us a wider consumer recruitment. 
 
In addition, OFOs and e-commerce are also supporting the offtake of premium SKUs, and we'll 
continue to invest in the media with specific emphasis on few high-impact properties, which will 
help us in accelerating the sales on a pan-India basis. 
 
In Household Insecticide category, our sales increased by 5.4% for this quarter. As you all know, 
the category, we've been highlighting in the past as well, has been facing headwinds. We are 
focusing on the liquid format, and driving our brand communication, highlighting the automatic 
feature of the machine, which is unique in the category. For Q4, we remain positive, which is 
seasonally the large quarter for the HI business. 
 
Finally, our Personal Care segment, our sales have increased by 22.3%. Our neem based Margo 
portfolio soaps, along with the new variants of rose, lemon, jasmine, they all have got good 
acceptance with the consumer, and we'll continue to focus on brand investments across medium, 
along with focus on distribution for the Personal Care segment. 
 
So in summary, if we want to analyze what has stood out for us, three key initiatives.  
First is the distribution. We have been investing in expansion of our distribution. We've 
increased our direct distribution with the aid of technology, which is helping us enhancing the 
productivity, and we are following a disciplined distribution approach there. 
So distribution efficiency has gone up in terms of number of SKUs which we are selling per 
retail outlet, productive calls, and therefore, we constantly drive for a higher scale of distribution. 
So that's the first area. 
 
The second area is, in addition to the TV spends, media spends on TV, our incremental spend, 
we are focusing on several digital properties, out-of-home, van operations, newspaper ads for 
each brand to reach out to the end consumer. There are several on-ground activities undertaken. 
A few of them, we have highlighted in our presentation as well. So these all new initiatives have 
also given us good incremental results. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Third, our NPDs are doing well. Case in example is our liquid detergent in Henko and Ujala. 
Similarly, our new launches of Margo variants have received good support. So all these strategic 
inputs or our focus is helping us keeping us closer to the consumer and ahead of the competition. 
And we'll continue our efforts in these areas and focus on the volume-led growth and achieve 
higher scale of business operation with a superior margin profile. 
 
Also, we'll continue to invest through brand-building exercises for all our brands, as I mentioned, 
to build a higher scale of distribution and constantly increase productivity with the 
manufacturing capacity as well. 
 
Going forward, as we know the challenges on the rural recovery, which is a big market, high 
inflation has impacted the consumers there, and it is a critical area to watch out for sustained 
category growth going forward.  
We have consistently delivered double-digit growth -- revenue growth for the last 2 years and 
have expanded our profitability metrics. We'll keep focusing on execution, and expect our sales 
growth trajectory, as we have mentioned earlier, to be in the double digits, primarily led by 
volume for this full year of FY '23-'24. 
 
Also on the margin front, with stable commodity prices, we should be able to hold for this year 
at our EBITDA margin level of 16% to 17% on an annualized basis. 
 
With this, I finish my opening remarks. We are happy to answer any questions or clarification 
you all may have. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Vishal Gutka from PhillipCapital. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Congratulation on excellent set of numbers. Double-digit volume growth is really, really, 
commendable. Just 1 question on the recent media articles Jyothy madam had highlighted that 
we are targeting a revenue base of INR5,000 crores. So I just wanted to get a few clarification, 
what kind of time frame you're looking? 
Are you looking to expand from -- to few categories? And it was mentioned that will be more 
driven by Personal Care. If you can provide any color or any more insights on this will be really 
helpful. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, that's the larger vision that we need to get there sooner. And that's an aspiration while we 
are working on how to make that happen. And like you know, we are in these 4 categories, and 
we have a lot of room to grow within our existing portfolio. And also, if need be, we will be 
adding a few categories in the future. So yes, INR5,000 crores, what I have mentioned is a very 
serious aspiration. 
Vishal Gutka: 
Okay. Any time frame will be really helpful to -- 4 years, 5 years, what kind of time frame you're 
looking? I agree with an aspiration, but any time frame if you can provide? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Okay. Sooner the better, maybe 4 years. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Percy line of from IIFL. 
Percy: 
My first question is on M&A. What are your thoughts on M&A? Are you open to it? And if so, 
what are the guardrails or parameters under which you will make your decisions? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So Percy, as you know, our organic business is doing well. And first, we would continuously 
focus much more on our organic business growth. And as Jyothy just mentioned, we have ample 
growth -- or scope in our existing categories in which we are present. Now on the M&A side of 
it, it obviously has to be in the same category of the business, which we understand, where we 
can utilize our existing distribution or manufacturing capacities and a business which we 
understand well. 
 
So these are the outline what we have that we have again mentioned so many times in the past 
as well, we would want to do it. We evaluate every deal, but we want to do the right one at the 
right time. So just wait and watch. 
Percy: 
Okay. So you mentioned that it would be in existing categories. So when you say that, are you 
looking at a very broad definition of category like HPC? Or are you looking at only the 
subcategories that you are in? So for -- just for example, supposing if there is something available 
in a shampoo, would you be open to that? Or you would just want to focus on the existing 
categories that you are on? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, Percy, so what I wanted to say was in the -- all the categories of FMCG business. 
Percy: 
Sorry Sanjay, and I didn't understand clearly. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, as you mentioned, whether it is shampoos or home and personal care, everything is open 
for us. 
Percy: 
Okay. Okay. Understood. Secondly, I just wanted to understand what is the road map and path 
to profitability of HIC? This has been a question, which I guess has been asked to you since 
many, many years. And your response has been that we need to increase the share of vaporizers 
and that is the way we will sort of make money. 
But beyond that, can you give some more clarity on what is required to move the needle now? 
Because I'm sure it's been much longer than what you guys yourself would have expected in 
terms of breakeven on this category. So any kind of road maps, any kind of sort of time frames 
or milestones that we can monitor as investors for this? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So Percy, see what is there in our hand is we have grown our other businesses at a much 
faster pace, and therefore, today, you see versus few years back, today, this business is only 7% 
of our top line. So therefore, the impact on us is much lesser from the top line perspective. 
 
Now you know this category has got issues on seasonality, illegal incense sticks and so on and 
so forth, which is not too much in our hands. And we have -- as you mentioned, we have been 
focusing more on the liquid side of it. We have a new brand ambassador Kareena Kapoor on 
boarded last December quarter only. So we're making all our incremental efforts to make sure 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
that what we have said and what we want to do where there is money to be made on the liquid 
side of it, we are focusing on that. 
 
I think sometimes we need to be a bit more patient and we have some plans on HI as well. And 
we hope this is the only business which is marginally a bit negative. And as you said, yes, we 
would also want to make this category positive for us. So I think that's where some product 
innovation will help us, somewhere seasonality should help us. 
And so we're making all those efforts to get to the profitability. I can't give you a time frame 
with it. But the electrical -- I mean, where we are moving towards -- more focus towards electric 
or liquid vaporizer and in the markets, which are east of India for us, where the government 
focus is also electrification or making affordable electricity for all of them, I think somewhere 
where we have very high market shares in Bihar, UP, Eastern UP, West Bengal, will also help 
us. 
 
So we are hopeful and very positive and committed to make this category also positive. 
Percy: 
And lastly, if I might be allowed on Fabric Care. If you can give some idea as to where the 
growth is coming? First of all, would I be right in assuming that on a Y-o-Y basis, the pricing is 
negative in Fabric Care, and therefore, your volume is even higher than the top line growth, that 
is a volume plus mix effect is what I'm talking about. So if that is the case, I mean, looking at 
low teens kind of volume growth in this category is really commendable and especially because 
it comes along with margin expansion as well. 
 
So just wanted to understand, are there any new states where you were weak, where you are now 
sort of increasing your presence? Is that where the volume is coming from? Or is there any major 
out of the 3 or 4 brands, any brand which is ramping up much more than the others? Or what is 
really the contours of this growth is what I was looking at, not any exact numbers or anything, 
but just a flavor. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes, Percy. Our post wash, which is Ujala Crisp & Shine and main -- Ujala Fabric Whitener, we 
have been focusing on increasing our volume share in some of the states where our volume share 
was low, which is on the Fabric Whitener. And that has done well. So I think that growth is 
positive, both on the Crisp & Shine and on Fabric Whitener. a lot of ground activations would 
have if you just flipped through our presentation, we have highlighted a lot of ground activations, 
which are helping that particular brand. 
 
On the main wash, all the 3, 4 brands, which are Henko, Mr. White, MoreLight, Ujala detergent 
powder. There have been geographical expansion, like the Ujala detergent powder moving to 
outside of Kerala. Henko, where the liquid detergent has been a good promising launch. There 
the growth is very much higher than the category growth. So these are incremental steps or 
additional things which are helping the entire Fabric Care category for us. 
 
And we hope we can continue the momentum. And as you know, post-wash is a high margin, 
and therefore, it's also aiding us in the overall profitability for the Fabric Care category. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Percy: 
Understood. Understood. And these other brands you had apart from Henko, more like Mr. 
White, etc, which you have started focusing on in the last couple of years versus earlier the focus 
was less, are they sort of growing in the states they were present historically or as a legacy? Or 
are you taking them to completely new states as well? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, it is a mix of all of that. So both Mr. White and MoreLight, we have been expanding our 
geographies as well, also in terms of SKUs and geography expansion. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manoj Menon from ICICI Securities. 
Manoj Menon: 
Quickly, a couple of questions from my side. One, Sanjay, on the ad spend, which has increased 
significantly, a lot of flow-through from GPs has gone in, is there a way to quantify to look at 
this and say that how much of this is, let's say, to maintain your share of voice to share of market? 
And how much of this incremental is actually for NPDs and something for long term building 
new categories or segments? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
So Manoj, we really don't want to comment on share of voice thing. What we want is, if you see 
our initial -- or if you see some years back, we were mostly TV-specific only. Now what we 
have done is we invest behind digital, television ads, print, outdoors, it's a mix of all of this. 
 
And for us, yes, we have to back any new launch that happens. And we take a call depending on 
which market to prioritize and where it's been launched, we take a call on that as per our -- the 
budgets and investment planning that we have. But we don't so much look into share of voice. 
We want to see whether we are able to reach our consumers better. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood, understood. One more thing on, the articulation of medium-term goalposts and 
targets, that's excellent, very few companies do that. Just if you could comment a little bit on the 
qualitative side of it, people side of it, process side of it, org structure, in this journey, have you 
started making some changes already? Or you think you're appropriately wired for these 
medium-term targets, which you have? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
This medium-term targets, what do you have in mind, Manoj, if I can... 
Manoj Menon: 
No, no, which you gave INR5,000 crores revenue and kind of as you grow size and scale and 
complexity, so just trying to understand the way the organization, which is structured currently, 
etcetera, is it appropriate? Or do you think you need to make some changes, which are probably 
already doing currently or something underway? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, right now, I think we have the right resources with us. And with this itself, we are kind of 
confident that we'll be able to do it. As and when we require to change a little bit here and there, 
I think that's all what we'll have to do and this will be a combination of organic, inorganic 
possibly. So that's what we are aiming at. We'll see when it's the right time to add on, but the 
current structure, whether in terms of people, in terms of investment and everything else 
technology, all of that is engaged. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kaustubh Pawaskar from Sharekhan by BNP Paribas. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
Congrats for good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. First on Dish washing space, 
our growth this quarter came at around 7%. So are we facing any competition in this category? 
And -- because of which the growth has been a little lower, or we are doing well compared to 
what the competition is doing? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
See, yes. If you see, for us, the Dish wash segment has been the fastest growing, and we have 
reached a kind of scale and size there. But as we speak, you know that the rural markets are 
under a bit of stress. 
 
And -- but we are still better off than the competition. We are better off than the most organized 
players. Yes, there are more competition in terms of local players and things like that, very, very 
local in terms of geography, in terms of district-wise you would see that right now. But as an 
organized branded player, we are doing fairly fine. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
So once the demand, especially in the rural market is improves, do you expect the growth in this 
vertical to improve? Because earlier, we used to achieve low-double-digit kind of a growth in 
this category. So can we expect it to improve in coming years? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. I mean, we would want to improve it, and there are a few plans and things already in place, 
which you will see. And yes, like you said, if that competition comes down, definitely -- and if 
the rural markets pick up, we do have a chance to do well. 
Kaustubh Pawaskar: 
My second question is on the raw material prices. So for us have raw material prices now 
stabilized? Or there is a further scope of reduction in the prices going ahead? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
For the last few months, we haven't seen a spike on the key raw materials, which we buy, as we 
know, is LABSA, soda ash, palm oil and all of that. So prices have remained broadly stable. So 
I think that's all what we can say. As you know, the geopolitical and the macro situations have 
become really difficult to predict. So for now, it seems good, has come off from peak and 
margins -- as what we are getting today, we are comfortable with that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. 
Priyank Chheda: 
My question is on the contribution from new product developments. You rightly said that it's 
one of the levers where you have seen an incremental sales coming through since you can help 
me what was the contribution from the new products that you have developed as whatever the 
basket that you will be tracking over the last 9 months? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So as you know, that the important is to make sure that these launches or the NPDs, which we 
do, they become successful because there's a lot of energy which goes on to it right from the 
manufacturing, to the R&D, to supply chain, to the sales team. We are happy that the launches 
which we have done, they have given us positive results. 
It will be not fair for me to give exact details. So some things which have launched, say, for the 
9 months on the Margo Neem Naturals, we won't see the results for at least 1 to 2 years before 
we comment how much each one of them can contribute or are contributing. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
 
But all I can say at this stage is they are giving us good incremental growth for us to drive better 
profitability and revenue growth. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So the total basket of NPD as sales contribution has broadly remained flat. What you alluded to 
the fact is that the launches have been done now and the benefits would be seen only after 2 
years, correct? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
see, one is we launch it, then we want the repeat purchases to come in and that stability capturing 
is when we can say, yes, the product has done well. For now, I just mentioned in the opening 
remarks, the liquid detergents, Margo Neem Naturals, I think those have given us good 
confidence for our Personal Care and Fabric Care business. It has given us additional lever. So 
we are happy and lucky to find them, and they are doing well. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. If you can help me on the distribution touch points. The presentation seems to keep the 
number of distribution touch points same while you have been alluding the fact that distribution 
has been 1 of the, again, key driver to the growth. So if you can help me with the number on the 
direct distribution and indirect distribution, if there is any change versus what the presentation 
has been mentioning? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So I think as we always keep a practice of discussing our direct distribution number on an 
annual basis. So in the first quarter of financial year is when we do talk about how much our 
direct distribution has gone up. But beginning of this financial year, we mentioned that we are 
reaching out to 1.1 million outlets on a direct basis. And we expect to add anywhere between 
75,000 to 1 lakh shops in the next financial year. And I think we are tracking well on that, and 
we'll update you with the final numbers in the next quarter. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. Just last question on -- if I heard correctly, the volume growth was 11% for the quarter, 
correct? And which means that we haven't taken price corrections or the mix change has negated 
the price corrections on the overall portfolio basis? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So we have taken some price corrections. That's why the value growth is 10.6%. And 
wherever it was needed and in particular geographies or particular portfolio, we have done that. 
Incrementally, as we speak, there are no major price cuts for now, and we'll be focusing more 
on more consumer activations, on-ground support so that the volume growth can be supported 
much better. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So you mean that even with the gross margins, which are at all year -- all-time highs for you at 
around 49%, 50%, you would not like to do any price corrections or pass on the RM benefits to 
the consumer to drive more volume growth because FMCG leader has been into public saying 
that we would be taking price corrections given the competitive intensities high. 
 
What's your take on this part? And how would you manage this gross margin and passing on the 
benefit to the consumers? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Absolutely it will all depend on SKU to SKU. And if competitive intensity require us to do -- 
take price corrections, obviously, we will take that. As we know, I mean, we have space to do 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
that. So there's no reason why we would not follow that. So there are multiple levers with which 
a business is done. 
You have a price cut, then you have some trade schemes, then you have some consumer promos. 
At the end of the day, then you have how much you are spending on the media spends, A&P. So 
if the price cuts is where volume growth is getting driven, with competitive reason, definitely, 
we will also do that -- we will also follow that. 
 
But we also want to keep increasing our A&P spend so that, for the longer term, the business 
grows on a much stable thing. NPDs get much better support with a higher A&P. As you know, 
this quarter also, we had a increase in our A&P by 45%. So we would want to continuously do 
those A&P spend for the long-term sustainability of the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajay Thakur from Anand Rathi Securities. 
Ajay Thakur: 
I had two questions, both extension of the previous question… 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt, but the line for you is not very clear. I request you to please move to an area 
with better network. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Is it better now? 
Moderator: 
Sir, please go ahead. 
Ajay Thakur: 
Yes. So I have two questions, both are extension of the earlier question. I wanted to understand 
a bit more on the Fabric Care segment, we have seen that Fabric Care segment, we are -- done 
fairly well. But can you shed a bit more light on how we're going in terms of the premium 
segment versus the other that segment. 
That could be little bit helpful. And also in terms of our ads spend, I have seen improvement 
increase in terms of the ad spend both for digital and possibly also from promotion and other 
aspects. I also wanted to get a bit more sense in terms of the competitive intensity, which you 
have been alluding to. 
 
So can you kind of give some kind of understanding as to what kind of a competitive intensity 
you're seeing in various segments, say, for example Fabric Care, the Home Care, especially from 
the regional players and how you are kind of going to fight them? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Okay. So if I understood your questions clearly, you were not very audible, but I'll try and 
answer. So Fabric Care, most of our detergents business and the post-wash, all of them have 
done well. Well as and when I say, it's relatively fairly fine than the current -- if you see in the 
current situation. And it is across brands. It is across brands. It is across segments. And also our 
liquid detergents that we launched last year, those are also doing well. 
 
So -- and both -- and from all channels. So the thing is the growth that you see is not particularly 
a brand or a segment. It is in Fabric Care, all of them. And on ad spends, you asked me some 
questions, right? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
Ajay Thakur: 
Yes, ma'am. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Could you just repeat that? 
Ajay Thakur: 
So you had indicated that you there are increase on the digital side of it. And so that was one. 
But then also wanted to understand how the competition -- you also mentioned about the 
competitive intensity going especially from the smaller players in the regional market. So wanted 
to understand a bit more on how competitive intensity as in how you're looking fighting those 
smaller payers in that contexture, and would you be looking at more promotional spend? 
Or would it be more of ad-driven sales push kind of a thing? Or otherwise, if you are looking at 
something like the competition in, say, fabric is higher or dish wash is higher. So some color 
around that would be helpful. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, yes. So earlier, we used to spend only on TV largely. Now our investment mix is in terms 
of spending on media has slightly changed from what it was before. It includes digital spend. It 
includes outdoor spends. It includes press, It includes wherever we can reach the consumers 
faster and in a better way is where we have taken those changes positively. And in terms of 
competition from local players, see, we will not be able to fight that battle with local players as 
such because they go down to any level. 
 
We are an organized player, we don't cut corners. So those are not our -- while there may be a 
temporary this thing, we will be spending on A&P as well as ground activities because that's the 
longer way -- long-term thing to build a brand. 
 
So we will not be -- because each market has its own different kind of players and there is also 
all kind of activities, while we'll not be directly fighting them, we will be spending on media. 
We will be investing behind our brands, both on the ground and on ATL as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Chabria from Shravas Capital. 
Ayush Chabria: 
Am I audible? 
Moderator: 
Yes, you are audible. 
Ayush Chabria: 
Yes. I just wanted to understand something. So in the investor presentation, you have given that 
you've gained market share in the coil segment. and you've lost some market share in the liquid 
segment. But as per your commentary, you're saying that you're trying to focus more on the 
liquid segment, right? So what is happening then? Just trying to get an understanding of that. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So we are focusing on the liquid more. Coil, as you know, is not -- the market isn't growing, 
but we have maintained our market share there. And in liquid segment, yes, we have taken action 
on many fronts. We have brought in a new brand ambassador. We have enhanced our product 
packaging and also the innovation around the product that we are communicating. So we are 
hopeful that we'll be able to do better. 
Ayush Chabria: 
All right. Also, I just wanted to understand on the ad spend part, if the growth could be 
maintained quarter-on-quarter basis? Or are you going to taper down the ad spend growth? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Ad spend 8% to 9% is what we have been targeting for a while. We've got, at this point of time, 
some space to do that, and that is what we have done more looking at future business. So this is 
where we stand. And it will all depend on how the commodities and the rest of the input prices 
behave. But we would like to keep it at between 8% to 9% going forward as well. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vincent Andrews from Geojit Financial Services 
Limited. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Congratulations for the good set of numbers. Most of my questions have been answered. And 1 
question is have, see the incremental -- I understand the distribution, you have a strong focus on 
distribution expansion and almost 10 percentage -- driven till -- distribution is happening 
currently. So I assume almost -- that reflects the additional volume of almost 10% to 11% volume 
you have in this quarter. So my understanding is right, like the incremental volume is coming 
mainly from the new geographies? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So it will be a function of many things, whatever incremental distribution you add, it doesn't 
happen on the day 1 of the financial year. And it takes time for those retail outlets to mature. It 
is anywhere between 12, 24 months for it to give us the results what we have seen on a mature 
basis. 
There are other -- I mean, other ways also to pull the consumers, which is through media spend, 
through all our trade schemes and communication. So it will be a function of many things, but 
yes, distribution is an important mode for our business. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Okay. So you are -- you have mentioned that almost 75,000 to 1 lakh additional in this year. So 
can you please give a guidance on FY '25 also? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sir, we will continuously increase our distribution, but difficult to put a number for now. It will 
all depend on the resources because we need to add feet on the street to enhance our distribution. 
It will be a function of a few things to consider. But, rest assured, our objective is to -- keeping 
the cost benefit analysis in mind, we would improve and increase our distribution  
Vincent Andrews: 
Yes, sir. One last question. So any volume guidance for next year FY '25. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So that we are in the midst of finalizing our budgets for the next year, I think we'll be able to 
give you with much more clarity when we have our next con call with all of you. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Okay. Okay, sir. And the Personal Care growth is almost more than 20 percentage. So we'll 
continue in the near term also? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So as you know, this quarter, we also had the NPDs, the new launches, which we have done 
contributed to it. But we are hopeful for a good positive growth continuing with us on the 
Personal Care.  
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumil Sethi from Siguler Guff. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Sumil Sethi: 
I have 2 questions. One is what's the online contribution, sales from online channels like 
Amazon, BigBasket, Sanjay you have mentioned in your opening remarks, and also channels. 
So what's the contribution there? 
 
And second one, one on dish wash, what is the contribution of low unit packs or low unit price 
packs in terms of less than INR20 or less than INR30, I do not know what the right industry 
metric is contribution. And third is liquid detergents, how big would that be as a percentage of 
your overall main wash portfolio versus the industry? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sir, I think I could only gather your first part of it that how much is the contribution of e-
commerce business to our total sales, which is in the tune of between 5% to 6%. 
Sumil Sethi: 
Okay. And is it contributed more by a certain category? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
No, I didn't get it. E-commerce, obviously, there are certain premium categories, liquids, they 
do much better in e-commerce. I mean, all our products are available on e-commerce websites 
and business is doing well. They are growing much faster. 
Sumil Sethi: 
Okay. And what's the contribution of liquid detergents as a percentage of your overall main wash 
portfolio? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So for now, the numbers are not that big. We are hopeful they will become a decent size, and 
then maybe we can -- we'll disclose the same also for you. 
Sumil Sethi: 
Let me ask you a question differently. Would your national market share in liquid detergents be 
much more than what it is in powder detergents? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So we come out with our liquid detergents last year only when we saw the opportunity becoming 
big and consumers trying to becoming much more comfortable with the usage. So we are 
expanding or we are focusing much more with the liquid detergent side of it. And we'll soon 
have our market share also following that. 
Sumil Sethi: 
And one last question on the Dish wash category. So is it the new customer recruitment is 
becoming a challenge, or the usage? Because that's the most underpenetrated of all the categories 
that Jyothy Labs is presented in. And historically, as you have mentioned, it has grown in double 
digits and 20s also at some point. So is it that new customer recruitment is challenging because 
affordability is a challenge or the usage has gone down? The penetration has slowed down. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
There is no issue in recruiting new customers. If you see the rural markets are right now under 
stress, and that is what we are seeing here in the Dish wash segment. So after Ujala, we are the 
most distributed brands are our Dish wash segments. And hence, you would see that little bit 
effect of the stress in the rural market, which is slightly affected there. But otherwise, there are 
-- there's no other issue in terms of consumer acceptance and recruitment. 
Sumil Sethi: 
Okay. So from a channel perspective, your super stockist contribution probably could be higher 
in dish wash versus overall company, and that's how the correlation that rural market slowed 
down or there is slowdown in rural markets, which is…. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ravi Purohit from Securities Investment Management 
Private Limited. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Most of my questions have been answered just 2 of -- one is on Margo. If you could kind of 
share some thoughts on Margo as a brand has been doing fairly well for us over the last few 
years. I think probably has been the fastest growing amongst all our brands. So what is it that is 
driving this? 
Is it that we are reaching more outlets than before for this. And there is a significant low-hanging 
root for Margo to go from, let's say, x versus, let's say, some of our other products like Ujala, 
and Pril and all, in terms of distribution reach. So that is one. 
 
And second, is there any extensions. We've launched 3 new fragrant, I think variants of Margo, 
but is that a broader idea or plan behind expanding this brand? If you could just share something 
on these lines. 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes. So Margo growth, you would -- see, we have done a lot of work on the brand itself in 
making the brand much stronger in terms of its proposition from when that has been happening 
since last couple of years. So 1 is that. And then making consumers aware by Margo is good. 
And then also building on the strong Margo equity, we have launched 3 new variants this year, 
which has been well accepted by consumers so far. So the response has been good. So it's a 
combination of brand, brand investment in terms of brand proposition, distribution expansion, 
all of this put together. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. But would you say that Pril -- let's say compared to Pril or some of our more popular 
brands, the distribution reach still has more legs to grow under Margo? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
Yes, yes. There's a lot of scope for Margo as such as we speak. So there's still room for Margo 
to grow, yes. 
Ravi Purohit: 
And any other products under the brand in terms of maybe soaps or -- I mean, as in liquid variants 
or some personal care under this? Or is it going to remain as what it is right now? 
M. R. Jyothy: 
No, we have few things, we are working on few products and things under the brand. You'll see 
that as and when it comes. 
Ravi Purohit: 
Okay. And also from Henko, when we had acquired, we had a few other personal care brands 
like Fa deodrant, and a few -- so is there any like plan to re-enter some of those or those are like 
history now? So if you could share anything on that. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
I think there are opportunities in all our brands, all the activities, all the brands which we are 
working on. So you will find news for all of them, but 1 thing at a time. And we are doing work 
on many of these brands, many of these brand extensions. And as Jyothy mentioned, we will be 
updating you with those developments in due course. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ravi Purohit: 
Yes. So the reason I ask this is like instead of doing an M&A, which could -- which will end up 
being a very expensive proposition, right? If you already have products or categories which came 
with that acquisition earlier, -- there is scope for us to kind of first look inside of what we already 
have at hand rather than go out and spend 5x, 10x revenues or to make acquisitions. So just us 
from that point of view. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Perfectly well taken, very good advice. We would definitely consider all these points before we 
take up any M&A activities. And -- but we will, in any case, not miss any of these opportunities 
which you are mentioning, which are within our control or the brands are with us. Whether 
introducing new SKUs, whether introducing or expanding into newer geographies, we will use 
all of those opportunities to the optimum. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rucheeta Kadge from Iwealth. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Congratulations on a good set of numbers. So my question is regarding the 4-year guidance that 
we have given that we can do around INR5,000 crores of revenue. So just wanted to understand, 
would it be uniform across categories that we'll be seeing this growth? Or would it be like any 1 
category that we see would grow better than the others, if you can get some clarity on that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
See, Rucheeta, as Jyothy mentioned this is going to be more aspirational, 4 years is a long time. 
And it is natural that we'll try to get to that type of growth. We'll be working on each of those 
categories, new categories, so all of them will be our levers to grow or get there. we have 
opportunities in all these categories. And we would use all of them to our advantage. 
Rucheeta Kadge: 
Okay. Because currently, we are growing at around 10%, 11%, right? And when we talk about 
INR4,000 crores, it means we should grow at around 15% to 16%. So just because of that, I have 
this query, like how would we grow that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
I think somewhere, we'll have to cut the noise around us in order to only focus on the growth 
which we are doing, and it's a project. It's a dream, it's an aspiration. We'll have to put all our 
resources to our best advantage and get there. So you will never find an even trajectory year-on-
year, but just somewhere we want to get there. it gives us a far better operating leverage, 
improves our profitability, gives us the ability to build a more robust business. And so that's why 
that's the internal target for us to get there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vincent Andrews from Geojit Financial Services. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Only one question. So in proportion to your distribution expansion into new geographies, any 
need for adding new plants? Currently, you have 23, so anything on that? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Sir that will -- no immediate need for now, but we keep seeing our capacity utilization, and that's 
not that bigger concern area for us. And as we have 22 plants, we can buy more plant wherever 
strategically it is needed. The organization is growing, and we will need more factories or 
facilities across India. So we will do that. 
Vincent Andrews: 
Okay. So the major capex is not coming, right? We can assume like the capex for this next year 
would be around INR30 crores something? 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Certainly more than that INR30 crores, INR40 crores is what has been historically our 
maintenance capex and add a few 1 or 2 lines here and there. But in case if we plan to get larger 
operation or a newer unit, it will be much more than that. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Abhijeet Kundu from Antique Stock Broking. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Congrats on a very strong set of numbers. My question was on the gross margin. We have seen 
already the competition has reduced prices, which we saw in the realization decline in volume 
growth. So all of it, to great extent, has already happened that heightened pricing competition, it 
is already there. So despite that, you have still seen a good and strong gross profit margin 
expansion and absolute gross profit margin, I mean, when you look at several years [inaudible]. 
 
So just wanted to get a sense that how much of the -- within pricing competition from here, I 
don't feel -- though people have been talking about it, but I don't feel that there would be a steep 
pricing competition because that has been happening for the last 6 months soon. 
So I just wanted to get a sense of -- I know it's very difficult for you to give an answer to this. 
But gross profit margin, what would have driven the gross profit margin is more important? Is 
it more of a product mix improvement that has driven margin? So -- and how much of this is 
sustainable? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Yes. So as you said, it is a tough one, it, Abhijeet. See, 1 is a combination of SKU mix. So if we 
have a higher share of liquids doing business -- liquid business doing well, which is, say, these 
liquid detergents, and that is -- that helps in the overall gross margin. Our Post Wash business 
doing well, helps us in a gross margin. Our Personal Care business, which has generally higher 
margin, helps us in getting better gross margin. So I think these are all the ways in which -- or 
these are the reasons why the gross margin has been -- we've seen improvement in our gross 
margin.  
 
And what we want to do is with that margin, yes, price competitive intensity, we may have to 
take some price cuts, which we're perfectly fine with it. But we want to increase our A&P spends, 
focus more on NPDs. We have now 7, 8 celebrities. We want to increase our A&P spend so that 
we can reach out to the consumers and try new newer ways of reaching organic consumers, 
which could be out-of-home, which could be press, which could be digital media. 
 
So I think that is where we are looking at, try out newer NPDs, have that some more risk 
approach so that we can we can also get better top line for the future. So these will be few things 
we want to do with the higher gross margin. And we believe this can be sustainable if we are 
able to get the top line growth as well as the input prices or commodity prices remain at these 
levels where we are. 
Abhijeet Kundu: 
Sure. But just a clarification, in the relevant categories where your larger competition has 
reduced prices, we have also reduced prices, right? 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
Absolutely. 

       
Jyothy Labs Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjay Agarwal: 
So friends, thank you for attending this call today. I know all of you have a busy day today. I 
hope we have answered most of your questions and queries. If you still have any further queries, 
please reach out to us. We'll be more than happy to address them on all of them. And thanks, 
Manoj, Karen and the team at I-Sec for organizing this conference call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
