                              
        
 
 January 25, 2024 
The Secretary 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C/1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TEJASNET 
The Secretary 
BSE Limited 
P J Towers,  
Dalal Street,  
Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 540595 
 Dear Sir/Madam, 
Re: Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call – Transcript 
 
Please find enclosed the transcripts of the Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call held on 
January 19, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
 Yours sincerely  
 For Tejas Networks Limited 
 
 
 N R Ravikrishnan 
 General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer  
 & Company Secretary 
RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNA
N
Digitally signed 
by RANGACHARI 
RAVIKRISHNAN 
Date: 2024.01.25 
21:07:30 +05'30'

 
 
“Tejas Networks Limited 
Q3 FY ’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ANAND ATHREYA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. ARNOB ROY – CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER AND 
WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR – TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
MR. SUMIT DHINGRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- TEJAS 
NETWORKS LIMITED 
DR. KUMAR SIVARAJAN – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY OFFICER -- 
TEJAS NETWORKS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ASHVIK JAIN – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
2 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Tejas Networks Limited Q3 FY '24 Earnings 
Call hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on 
your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ashvik Jain from ICICI Securities Limited. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Ashvik Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for joining on Tejas Networks Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Results Conference Call. We have Tejas Networks' management on call represented by 
Mr. Anand Athreya, Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director; Mr. Arnob Roy, Chief 
Operating Officer and Whole-Time Director; Mr. Sumit Dhingra, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. 
Kumar N. Sivarajan, Chief Technological Officer. 
 
I would like to invite Mr. Anand to initiate with opening remarks, post to which we will have a 
Q&A session. Over to you, sir. 
Anand Athreya: 
Thank you. Good evening. Welcome to the FY '24 Q3 earnings call. This is Anand Athreya, CEO 
and MD of Tejas Networks. And I have here Arnob Roy, COO; Sumit Dhingra, our CFO; and Dr. 
Kumar Sivarajan, our CTO, is on the call. 
 
I'm just happy to inform you that we had a very strong revenue growth this quarter of INR560 
crores. And the last 9-month revenue in FY '24 exceeded the entire FY '23 revenue. And we have 
a strong order book of INR9,028 crores. We had a loss of INR45 crores in this quarter. And we 
continue to focus on execution and also investment to set Tejas for good growth in the coming 
quarters. 
 
Thank you. I'll now hand it over to my colleague Arnob to go over the details on this call. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thanks, Anand. So in the next few minutes, I give you a color of the business that we had in Q3. 
And after that, our CFO, Sumit, will walk you through the details in the financials. 
 
So first of all, we continue to see good business traction, both for our wireless as well as our 
wireline business. On the wireless segment, we continued to ramp up our BSNL 4G RAN 
shipments, and several thousand systems have been shipped which are a combination of single and 
dual-band radios in Band 1 and Band 28. 
 
Also we received additional purchase order of INR107 crores for additional sites as part of the 
network build-out for BSNL 4G. 
 
Another important highlight was that our subsidiary Saankhya Labs received INR96 crores 
provisional purchase order from National Space India Limited of Department of Space for the 
deployment of 2-way Satcom transponders for communication and support system on marine 
fishing vehicles. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
3 
 
 
This is a very niche application and is part of the vehicle tracking system solution that Saankhya 
has developed. And this particular application is for enhancing the safety and security of fishing 
vessels operating along our coastal waters, providing navigation assistance and weather alarms and 
boundary crossing alarms and so on for our fishermen. 
 
So it's a very strategic project which will lead to many other applications, both land-based as well 
as marine. We look forward to seeing how we can replicate this success in other countries as well 
as in other applications. 
 
We also continue to see strong traction for our wireline business after successfully deploying 150-
plus DWDM channels of 100 gigabit rates on a pan-India network lighting up several thousand 
kilometers of fiber on an existing WDM infrastructure. This was add-on order to a pan-India 
deployment of a similar size that we had implemented earlier. 
 
So this is a very unique application in that our WDM equipment will be served, where given an 
existing optical infrastructure that an operator has built, and he wants to add capacity onto that by 
adding additional data channels. We provide the technology which can do it on any foreign 
infrastructure in the sense that infrastructure built by third-party vendor equipment. 
 
For the BSNL 4G network, we also started supplying the backhaul equipment of IP/MPLS routers 
which we had announced earlier. This is a project in several hundred of crores for deploying more 
than 15,000 routers. This will enable the backhaul network of the BSNL 4G nationwide network. 
 
A major International highlight included the successful commissioning of a high-capacity metro 
network in the U.S. for video production and distribution. The network has been implemented 
using our state-of-the-art WDM processing equipment with 600 gigabits per channel capacity. This 
will be a showcase network for us as the application involves low-latency distribution of video. 
 
We also executed a commercial contract for supply of optical networking backbone equipment for 
a leading government telco in Africa. This is the initial order. And with the success of this, we 
expect to see future build-outs in the network as well. 
 
We also continue to see success in the utility sector. As you know, our utility business in India is 
very strong, especially for the modernization of utility networks. And we could replicate the same 
success for a leading power utility in Southeast Asia, where these older TDM based network is 
getting upgraded with PTN and IP/MPLS technology. So the same project that we've done in India, 
we've been able to replicate in other countries as well. 
 
And on the same token, in a power utility company in India, we've commissioned a high-capacity 
national optical backbone, including the access portion of the network using a combination of our 
PTN as well as our high-capacity WDM network. 
 
From a revenue perspective, in the 9 months of FY ’24, around 55% of our business has been for 
India Private. And let me also tell you at this point that our BSNL 4G radio order, we consider as 
part of India Private because our direct customer is TCS, and that's how we categorize our revenues. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
4 
 
 
The International has been 15% of our business until now, and India Government has been the rest. 
We have a strong closing backlog of INR9028 crores out of which international was INR221 
crores. So in all aspects, it has been a very good quarter for us, especially compared with our 
revenues in FY '23. 
 
I'll now hand over to Sumit to walk us through the financial update. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Thanks, Arnob. Good evening, everyone. Our consolidated revenue for Q3 of FY '24 was INR560 
crores, which is more than double the revenue we reported in the same quarter previous year. As 
compared to the previous quarter, that is quarter 2, we've grown at a 41% growth rate. 
 
EBIT for the quarter was negative INR56 crores, and PAT was negative INR45 crores. On a 9-
month basis, we had aggregate revenue of INR1,144 crores, which is a growth of 84% over the 
previous year. We continue to make our investments to ramp up the R&D team and our operations, 
which are essential to deliver the growth potential that the company has going forward. 
 
Moving to some other financial details. We have a net worth of INR2,980 crores as of December 
23, inventory of INR2,683 crores. The inventory has grown as compared to the previous quarter. 
This is mainly to secure long-lead items that we require for meeting our delivery time lines for 
some of the larger projects that we are executing. 
 
Trade receivables stand at INR855 crores. We had cash and cash equivalents of about INR559 
crores at the end of the quarter with borrowings of INR274 crores. This is for funding the working 
capital requirements that the company has at this point in time. 
 
With this, I'll hand it over to Arnob to take this forward. 
Arnob Roy: 
So a few other updates from a corporate standpoint is that in this quarter, we received several 
awards and recognitions. Tejas and its subsidiaries were granted 31 patents during Q3 FY '24 and 
our total patents granted grew to 313. 
 
An important update was being recognized as a representative vendor in the 2023 Gartner® Market 
Guide for Optical Transport Systems. So basically, leading global analysts will be tracking our 
business and help in attracting global customers for our optical transport products. 
 
In one of the events that happened in Q3 which is Network X in Paris, which was the erstwhile 
Broadband World Forum, our FTTH solution won the award for the leading PON-based Smart 
City solution for an application that we have built in India. In the Indian Mobile Congress in New 
Delhi this year, our TJ1600 optical and packet transmission product was selected as the Best Indian 
IPR of the Year in Telecom. 
 
From the corporate update perspective, from a Saankhya Labs merger, that's in progress. And we 
have made good progress over here. And the next upcoming event over here is the Equity 
Shareholders and Unsecured Creditors Meetings that's going to be held in early February as per the 
direction of the NCLT. So this is the next step in the merger process. 
 
So before I hand it over for questions, just wanted to refresh all our investors regarding our 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
5 
 
products. And as you know, we have a very comprehensive wireline and wireless equipment 
portfolio comprising 4G/5G radio and baseband units, our multi-gigabit fiber broadband access, 
our converged access and edge solutions and also our high-capacity WDM backbone network. 
 
And on top of that, we have added our switching and routing portfolio. So altogether these products 
can be used to build complete end-to-end network for telecom operators. And now the unique 
selling point is that also it is managed using a single network management system. 
 
Next one. And using this technology, some of the key applications that we serve is 4G, 5G mobile 
network as well as the backhaul network -- fiber based backhaul network, services for wholesale 
and enterprise data between critical infrastructure for power, gas and utilities and for home and 
business broadband. All of these sectors are showing high growth globally. And we are in markets 
and products and applications where we expect good growth in the upcoming future. 
 
So thank you. So with that background, I'd like to hand it over for the Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Santosh Sinha from Emkay Global. 
Please go ahead.  
Santosh Sinha: 
My first question is regarding this margin. You have seen a low margin for this company. So what 
kind of margins we can expect for the BSNL project and other government projects that the 
company is executing? 
 
And the second is regarding trade receivables, increase in trade receivables. What has caused this? 
And what kind of trade receivable -- a working capital increase we can see from the execution of 
this BSNL project? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
So on the margin front, while we don't give any guidance on project-specific margins, what we've 
also stated in the past is that wireless segment, to begin with may have slightly lower margins 
compared to the wireline segment. But given the order of magnitude of the project and the 
opportunity, it would, on an aggregate basis, compensate for the lower margin percentage. And on 
the working capital, could you please repeat the question? I didn't get the first part. 
Santosh Sinha: 
So there has been a marked increase in trade receivables. So what actually has caused this? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Trade receivables? 
Santosh Sinha: 
Yes. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
So as you would see, our revenue for the quarter was INR560 crores. That's a reasonable accretion 
in revenue compared to the previous quarter. And a part of this is what has contributed to growth 
in receivables, and we are expecting these to be realized over the next few months. 
Santosh Sinha: 
Okay. My next question is regarding the BharatNet project. So any idea, any color in terms of 
bringing this project execution? When will BharatNet III start and what kind of opportunity that 
can create for Tejas? 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
6 
 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So I will take this one. The BharatNet project is currently under definition. DoT and other 
stakeholders are working towards finalizing various aspects in terms of its scope, technologies 
and specifications of the equipment that will be procured for this project. 
And the technologies and the products are pretty much accessible and addressable by Tejas. And 
we look forward to significant success on this project. It is going to be a very exciting opportunity 
for us going forward. 
In terms of timeline, right now, from what we know, the specs are still getting finalized. The 
government is in conversations with all parties regarding finalizing the specs and the tenders 
should get rolled out in the next few months and targeting potentially the latter half of FY’25. 
Santosh Sinha: 
My last question -- last two questions. One is whether there are other POs that are expected with 
respect to BSNL project, like maintenance projects or other projects that are expected with respect 
to BSNL project from TCS or ITI? 
Arnob Roy: 
As you know, the BSNL order we received for the 4G RAN project is for the first 100,000 sites. 
So there will be additional sites for expanding coverage across the country. So that is expected to 
come. That's one part. 
And second part is that the tender also calls for a 5G upgrade of 40,000 sites. So that part of the 
business has not yet come to us. I think that will happen after the initial network gets deployed. 
So this tender also has a scope for additional business for us as part of this project. After the 
network is deployed and after the warranty period, of course, the services are involved for many 
years. We will receive that order at a later stage. 
Santosh Sinha: 
Thanks for taking my question. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vimal Jamnadas Gohil from Alchemy Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Sir, my first question is again on the cost front. If I were to look at the raw material cost, the 
sequential growth in raw material cost has been higher as compared to the revenue. Is it mainly 
because of the increase in the wireless business? Or are we still sort of -- the problem of increased 
component prices for us is still not completely behind? That's question number one. 
The second question is on working capital. So if I were to see, starting this year FY '24, till date, 
we have had incremental inventory of roughly INR2,000 crores. And just to take forward 
Santosh's question here, if I were to look at our working capital days, right now, we are operating 
at around 213 days versus our working capital was down considerably last quarter at about 150 
days. 
I mean when I -- sorry, our inventory days were down by almost 150 days. Now it is at 213. So if 
you can highlight for this incremental inventory of INR2,000 crores, the timeline of realization of 
revenues, which you can help us a bit? Thanks. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Okay. So maybe I can take the margin question first and request Arnob to supplement that.  The 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
7 
 
increase in raw material costs this quarter is on account of multiple factors I would say. 
One is essentially the product mix within the wireline segment, which tended towards slightly 
lower margin products during this quarter as compared to previous quarters. That essentially is 
one of the key factors where you would see why the material costs as a percentage of revenues 
have gone up. 
Also from a contribution standpoint, if you see this quarter, export revenues were slightly lower 
than the previous quarter, which had an incremental impact on the material cost as a percentage 
of revenue. These are the key aspects as to why our material cost looks a bit higher. 
As we go along, I think we would expect the project profitability for wireline business also to 
kick-in and some of these things to normalize over the next quarter. Arnob, you want to add 
anything here? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So just to add to this, in terms of margin profile, you can see when we ship equipment for 
our network, there are different components of the network which come at different margins, right, 
where the blended margin is, of course, what it is that we have for the company. 
But for example, in the network, the access part of the network, wherein has customer-premise 
equipment, lower capacity, lower cost devices usually have lower margin, but as we move deeper 
into the network and go to the higher capacity elements. That's where the cost and the margins are 
also much higher. 
So what happens there, in the network typically it's a blend of all of these things that go on. What 
happens is that quarter-by-quarter based on the blend of shipment that happens, there is a small 
amount of margin movement.  
So I think in this particular quarter, perhaps based on what we have shipped out during the quarter, 
it has gone more towards lower-margin components, which will basically compensated in the next 
quarters by the other part of the network that we want to ship. So it's like a temporary phenomenon 
in terms of why you see the higher cost to our revenue. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
And sir, on the working capital, incremental inventory? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Yes. So on the working capital front, I think, see, we are in the middle of executing the large 
projects both on the wireline and the wireless side. Now as we've mentioned in the past as well, 
in order to manage the lead time for some of the key components and to be ready for execution, 
we've been taking inventory actions for specific situations, specific components. And that is 
getting reflected in the inventory number that you see. 
The point to note also is that while -- if you look at it from the base of current revenue, I think it 
may throw up a picture where you were referring to, let's say, 200 days, etcetera. But given the 
phase that the company is in and where it is evolving from the current revenue levels to executing 
INR9,000 crores worth of order book over the next few quarters, I think the increase in inventory 
has to be looked at in context of that number. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
8 
 
And as we go forward, this INR2,600 crores worth of inventory is essentially to be predominantly 
used for some of these large projects, which will get executed over the next few months. And 
hence, this increase in inventory has, let's say, days of order book maybe a better metric to look 
at instead of days of revenue or the historical data in the context of where the company is right 
now. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Understood. And sir, just one follow-up on the margin part, as you explained. So if I understand 
it correctly, there are some components in the wireline side, which happens to be, by the way, are 
better margin business. But there are certain components within that also which are probably like 
maybe a pass-through or have lower margins, which are higher in terms of mix this quarter, which 
is causing a lower gross margin. Is that understanding correct, sir? 
Arnob Roy: 
That's correct. That's correct. The network always has a blend of equipment as it shows the entire 
equipment, where I talked about lower-cost access equipment customer premises as the margins 
are lower and the aggregation and the core has higher cost and higher margins. 
And another example is in a WDM network, the traffic carrying equipment at the end points, they 
actually pump in hundreds of gigabits and terabits of traffic. They have higher costs and higher 
margins, whereas the transmission chain with the optical components, they have a lower margin. 
So, when we ship a network, the blend of this is what gives us the overall margin, and in this 
quarter, the blend has been for one part of it with lower margins. When we ship the other 
components of the network, the blended margin for that particular network or that particular 
shipment will come back to us. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
So this -- that shipment is expected -- so the higher capacity shipment where our margins are 
higher is expected to kick in from Q4? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, yes. That's part of the same project. So part of it gets executed in Q3. Part of it will get 
executed in Q4. So that's how it's going to happen. 
Vimal Jamnadas Gohil: 
Understood. All right, sir. Thank you so much. There are certain other questions, but I think I'll 
join back in the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sangam Iyer from Consilium. Please go ahead. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Sorry to harp on the working capital again. The receivables that we saw shooting up significantly 
in this quarter, was it primarily due to shipments more happening towards the latter half of the 
quarter? Or is this the new norm in terms of the receivables for the -- for this execution of this 
project? Just want to understand that first. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
It's related to the revenue that got shipped during the quarter. And we will collect this as per the 
payment terms and as per the collection cycle as we go along over the next few months, not 
specifically limited only towards the shipments that happened towards the end of the quarter. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Okay. Because for an incremental INR560-odd crores of revenue generated, our receivables went 
up INR370 crores. So that's why I was just trying to understand what's the kind of payment term 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
9 
 
for this particular project. 
Because the project is large, and this could actually stretch the balance sheet incrementally, given 
that our cash -- net cash balance has also come down to INR200-odd crores. So that's why I was 
just trying to understand how to look at the incremental cash flow that would come in based on 
the execution of the project? 
Arnob Roy: 
So I think while as Sumit explained, it's nothing to do with the shipment profile. But usually, 
during the quarter, the shipments all build up so that as the quarter progresses and towards the end 
like any other business, the following shipment increases over the weeks as it goes towards the 
end of the quarter. So from that point of view, yes a larger volume happened in the subsequent 
months and towards the subsequent weeks and so on, but I don't think most of this is connected 
to the time that the shipment happened. 
Sangam Iyer: 
Got it. And secondly, on the margin front, I understand that we have product mixes that can alter 
margin on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So on an annualized basis, when you look at the mix of 
order backlog that we have and the mixing towards more wireless, should one be assume -- should 
one be looking at closer to 30% as a base case -- stable state gross margin? Or is that something 
too early to predict for now? 
Arnob Roy: 
What was the number you mentioned, the margin? 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Around 30% gross margin. Is that something which would be more stabilized, given the kind of 
mix that we have between wireline and wireless in the order backlog? 
Arnob Roy: 
See we don't give any guidance on margins. But as you've seen our blended margins in the past, 
and directionally, that's where we'll be at as our business continues. 
Sangameswar Iyer: 
Got it. Perfect. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saloni Jain from Nirmal Bang. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Yes, this is Manish Ostwal from Nirmal Bang. I have a question on our export opportunities. So 
how we are seeing the traction over there. And secondly, the investment which we are making on 
R&D side. So how long this will continue because in the presentation, you said that loss because 
of the R&D investment. So the investments in R&D, how long it will continue at this pace? Thanks 
a lot. 
Arnob Roy: 
So as far as exports are concerned, I think we have a focus on growing our export business, because 
of which we will continue to invest in international territories, in our direct sales force as well as 
signing up with partners in different territories.  
Our goal is to increase our international 
business substantially. But as you know, we started the process a couple quarters. And it will take 
some time since there's a gestation period to winning initial deals and getting a footprint in different 
countries and building on top of that. 
 
So it is going to take some time before we see large projects internationally, replicating what we 
have in India. But I think the investment and the focus is certainly there. As far as R&D investments 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
10 
 
are concerned, R&D investments are going to happen for some time because there's a lot of 
products and a lot of areas, technology as well as project commitments that we have upcoming. 
 
 So we will continue to invest. But at the same time, I would say that as our business grows, as we 
keep delivering on the large backlog that we have that business will certainly start offsetting the 
investments that we are seeing up till now. But yes, investments will continue to happen for some 
more time. We see a large opportunity going forward and we are seeking to build a global company 
with world-class products. So we still have some time in terms of investments like this. 
Manish Ostwal: 
Thank you, sir. All the best. 
Arnob Roy: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mukul Garg from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services. 
Mukul Garg: 
Yes, hi. Thank for taking my question. Couple of questions from my end. First, to Anand. Anand, 
I was just trying to understand the revenue you guys have recognized for international business this 
quarter, it seems a bit low compared to -- and especially when during the prepared remarks, you 
guys have mentioned that you guys implemented a couple of kind of solutions in the US and in 
Africa. 
 
So can you just help understand, is this more about having mismatch between the kind of revenue 
recognition and implementation? Or is there something else which is going on for the international 
revenues to kind of show such a large dip in this quarter? 
Anand Athreya: 
Hi, Mukul. So yes, it is actually a timing mismatch. We are making the necessary investments to 
build the team out. I'm sure you know this -- so it takes time for that to materialize. There's a lot of 
activity and proof of concepts and customer interest that's happening in Americas, in particular. So 
we hope those will start bearing fruit in the coming quarters. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. So do you expect the international revenues to kind of see a meaningful ramp-up from 
here because this growth – Am I getting the number right, it's only INR9 crores of international 
revenue? 
Arnob Roy: 
No, I don't think that's correct. We don't give the split obviously, but that's not correct. And as 
Anand mentioned, yes, there's a timing gap because we ship in one quarter, project implementation 
happens in another quarter. So whatever we're reporting in terms of product implementation is 
something that got shipped earlier. Whatever we're shipping right now will get implemented next 
quarter and so on. 
 
So to your point, as Anand also mentioned, that proportionately, it was long but not what you are 
indicating. And we have a strong focus on export growth. There's already a backlog of 
international, that you see, all of us want to really grow that business. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. The second question was, I mean, a follow-up to one -- what earlier participants have 
kind of also alluded to, and this is like for both Anand and Sumit. You guys currently are sitting 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
11 
 
on about INR500-odd crores of net cash. Your working capital is something around INR1,300 
crores. You still have INR8,000-plus crores of domestic, predominantly public sector, execution 
to do. 
 
Is there a kind of a risk of requirement of additional fund raise maybe in the coming years to fulfil 
the requirements? Or do you think the payment timelines will be comfortable enough for you to 
convert this into cash and not require incremental money for working capital? And I would also 
want to throw in, if this would not leave any flexibility for potential inorganic scaling up for Tejas. 
 
So if you can just help us understand, is this something which might require incremental funding? 
Sumit Dhingra: 
Currently, we don't envisage any equity funding requirement. Like you rightly mentioned, the 
increase in working capital requirements are there, and they're expected to be there for the next few 
months as we execute these large contracts. But these are generally going to be short-term funding 
arrangements, short-term facilities that we would intend to look at as compared to longer sources 
of capital like equity or anything else. 
 
Also, we expect to continue our focus on collections, and that should help us in managing this 
working capital requirements as we go along. From the point of view of investments in particular, 
I think the way we see it, currently, the business should be able to meet its future growth aspirations 
based on the current expectations out of the business. We don't expect any incremental equity right 
now in the immediate future. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. And then final one for Arnob. Arnob, you mentioned about, again, the impact of the 
products, which kind of got expensed out this quarter. But if I look back at the history of the 
business, we have never had this high kind of equipment or raw material cost in our business even 
though we have previously had cases or instances where we shift towards the product profiles, 
which were relatively lower profits. 
 
Is this something which is partially also on account of these deliveries which you are making on 
BSNL ergo in our gross margins should remain below where we have historically seen going 
forward as well? Or am I reading too much into this? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, I think you're reading a little bit too much into this. The reason you're seeing it now and didn't 
see it, first of all, because our overall business for wireline has also gone up, right? So if you see if 
the overall business has increased, then the proportion of the low-margin components of the 
network and the high margin components of the network will have also gone up, right? 
 
And it just happened that it's more of a timing issue that in this quarter, a lot more of the low-
margin components got shipped, and the other components will get shipped subsequently. So it is 
-- and I hope that answered that question that while yes, on a smaller revenue base, you saw the 
effect of the blended margin of the network. On a larger base, we are predominantly seeing the 
effects of the lower-margin part. I think it's nothing more than that. 
Mukul Garg: 
Understood. Now that’s clear. Thanks for taking my question. I'll get back into the queue. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
12 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hirenkumar Thakorlal Desai, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
Hirenkumar Desai: 
Thank you for giving the opportunity. I have two questions, one of them is again related to the 
margin. So our gross margin has been declining as pretty much everybody has mentioned. I mean 
do we see the sort of bottom around this place? Or now see the significant chunk of the business 
will be dominated by BSNL 4G supplies? So I mean does this have anything to do with this margin 
profile? Are we around the bottom? I'm not asking for any guidance or number. 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, as Sumit explained, there are two parts of the business. One is the wireline and the wireless 
part. For the wireline business, you basically know what our overall company gross margins are, 
and that is done in the past. So there is no change to that, except that as far as you talked about the 
blend of margin that have to happen for existing products. 
 
The wireless project has slightly lower margins. That was something we have talked about in the 
past but the costs get offset by the higher volume of the business, right? So that's about it. And 
there is nothing in terms of overall -- I mean that's the overall story about the margin. 
 
There are two components, one where there is a margin protection, and we continue with -- or we 
don't see any impact overall to that on the wireline side. And wireless, at least for this project, with 
the large volumes, will have slightly lower margins but will get offset by the higher-volume 
business. 
Hirenkumar Desai: 
The second part is about the currency movement. So now especially the wireless part, wireless 
sales I assume, contracts or sales or whatever is in rupees versus most of the components in dollars. 
Is the company doing something? 
Arnob Roy: 
Hiren, we lost you, could you repeat that question, please? We lost the first part. 
Hirenkumar Desai: 
Yes, yes. The question is, again, the next few quarters, the revenue profile will be dominated by 
BSNL 4G business. And I'm assuming that you can correct me if I'm wrong, I'm assuming that our 
revenue will be in rupees contractual value, but the raw material is in dollars, right, for the 
components. So are we doing something to protect margins in that aspect? 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes, yes. So basically on our forex management and I'll let Sumit answer that question. 
Sumit Dhingra: 
So I could only partly hear. I think what you're saying is, while our revenues are going to be in 
rupees, our procurement is in dollars. So from a forex management point of view, we actively 
hedge our exposure through various instruments. We continue to monitor the currency risk or the 
currency exposure that we have. And we will suitably hedge our short- to medium-term exposures 
in particular as we go along. 
Arnob Roy: 
I'd also like to add that especially for our BSNL radio products, we've done a significant amount 
of localization of the components that go into the product. Lot of the costly portions which are 
there. I did not mean the electronic components, but there are many other components that go into 
the radio design. And we have significantly localized that. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
13 
 
 
And a lot of our partners are manufacturing in India or we have original Indian manufacturers who 
we have used a lot of the time. So I think while there is a significant dollar component, it is not as 
dominating as we would expect because of the amount of localization that we have done in the 
product. 
Hirenkumar Desai: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Moid Ansari from Hyderabad Investment Forum. 
Please go ahead. 
Moid Ansari: 
Yes. My question is with regard to 4G technology for the BSNL that we have developed. There 
are a lot of questions in the market with regards to how effective or how developed the technology 
is. Recently, the BSNL employee union has written to the telecom minister that our technology is 
not up to the mark, and that is causing delay in rollout of 4G by BSNL. Similar questions were 
raised by the opposition in the parliament also that indigenous technology which the government 
is promoting is subpar and not up to the mark. 
 
So there are lots of questions regarding the efficacy of our technology that we have developed. Can 
you explain in detail? Means are you up to the mark? How is it compared? How are we performing 
vis-a-vis our competitors? Some explanation is needed on this issue because as investors, we are 
having a lot of concerns on this particular point. Everybody seems to be blaming Tejas only. 
Arnob Roy: 
Yes. So I'd also request Kumar to add to this. The 4G technology we have developed has gone 
through extensive trials for over a year on a large testbed in North India (Punjab). Our products 
have been selected after pretty heavy testing through a proof of concept with a large amount of 
traffic flowing on the network. 
 
So from a technology point of view, I don't think there is any concern since it’s been extensively 
tried and tested. The only concerns I've recently heard about are in terms of the pace of the network 
build-outs, and not the actual technology itself. Further, the performance and robustness of our 
products have been compared with those of the leading world-class foreign vendors and only after 
that have the contracts been awarded. So there is no issue with respect to that. 
 
I think the project rollout is where they're concerned in terms of getting the network built out in 
time so that they can grow their business around it. So based on whatever I've seen that seems to 
be the issue. 
Moid Ansari: 
Yes, I have a follow-up question also. We are supposed to get an order from supply of equipment 
from ITI. Only TCS, has received the purchase order? Why has the ITI order not come? Means we 
are supposed to be the ones who are supplying equipment for both ITI and TCS. Can you give 
some clarification on that? 
Arnob Roy: 
So we had discussed earlier also that the ITI order is coming through TCS. So whatever is 100,000-
plus site orders that we are working on that includes the ITI component also. 
Moid Ansari: 
Okay. Thank you. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
14 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sachin Jain, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you for the opportunity. My question is more on your international side. Can you offer me 
some qualitative comments on business development effort on international side? Basically, what 
kind of traction you are getting over there? Or can you also highlight in terms of how our product, 
particularly wireless, getting perceived in international market? Where are we in a business 
development journey? Or when can you expect some significant event in those markets? 
 
And why I'm asking because once, in next 18 or 24 months, you are done with BSNL or some part 
of BharatNet probably it's a traction in international markets which will keep our revenue 
momentum on. And so that's the context. 
Arnob Roy: 
I think very, very valid questions. And we are also cognizant of that. And a lot of investment is 
happening not only as a direct investment from our side in terms of investing in our sales teams 
and support teams but we're also using our partnership with the TATA Group companies such as 
TCS, Tata Communication and TCTS and using those channels and partnerships as well to get 
access to customers across the globe. 
 
So we have seen initial traction. There have been ways that we have worked together with them, 
and there are many other customers that have got connected to interactions and all, where we have 
been able to access. 
 
So we are also, apart from our direct business development, I mean, leveraging the brand and the 
relationships of the group as well. However in this business, any business development, any 
significant results take time. 
 
So while we are focusing on the smaller network opportunities where we can get in quickly and do 
our business. We're also working with good companies as well as directly for the larger 
opportunities in Tier 1 operators across the globe. So the focus is there, and we hope to see results 
sometime down the line. 
 
I mean we are just conscious of the fact that these things take time and effort. And once we have 
significant breakthrough, in certainly some market. The replicating them in the areas becomes that 
much easier and that's what our focus is on. 
Sachin Jain: 
So in your initial discussion with customers, can you give some qualitative input in terms of how 
we're getting perceived in those markets post we are doing this BSNL order bid? And I understand 
this business development takes time. But internally, when you guys are thinking, how far we must 
be from a good win, a sizable win? Just need your qualitative inputs. 
Anand Athreya: 
So maybe I can take this. So as Arnob said, this is going to take time, that's number one. The second 
thing is, I think we have to get to a point where there is a reasonable sized rollout in BSNL because 
everybody is watching. We are doing it for the first time here. So I think when that happens, then 
I think people will be more interested in doing proof-of-concept trials and all other good stuff. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
15 
 
 
So again, our focus is going to be twofold. One is developing countries, and there has been a lots 
of them in Africa, in Southeast Asia and other places. But also in developed countries, where there 
are rip-and-replace programs where we will definitely have an opportunity to participate. But I 
think net net takeaway is everybody is going to be watching this. And when we pull this off, then 
I think the doors will open up. 
Sachin Jain: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sohan Joshi, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Sohan Joshi: 
Just one question. When we'll be able to monetize our Renesas strategic partnership? I mean are 
we going to -- are we looking at the revenue after the BSNL project is executed? And what will be 
approximately R&D spend? Is the R&D spend currently which is getting reflected -- is of the 
Renesas partnership? Or it will get recognized in the P&L from the subsequent quarters? 
Arnob Roy: 
Which partnership what you're referring to? 
Sohan Joshi: 
Renesas, Renesas. 
Arnob Roy: 
No, I don't think anything over here is reflective of any partnership with Renesas.  The technology 
partnership we have with them is for innovating technology and co-development. But the R&D 
spend shown is not connected to our partnership with Renesas. 
Anand Athreya: 
Yes. So, we have time for one last question. 
Sohan Joshi: 
That's it from my end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ranjit, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Ranjit: 
Hi, good evening. Thanks for the opportunity. I have a question about this margin blend and 
product mix. So the question is, do we have any strategic business product plan for enhancing the 
margin mix? And the second part of the question is, are the low-margin products are necessity for 
winning higher-margin business? And if so, is there any plan to partner with a third party so that 
the company focuses on -- more on the higher margin? That's my question. Thank you. 
Anand Athreya: 
So let me take a stab at this. So a couple of things. As an OEM company, we will always constantly 
look at our products to see how we can make it faster, better, cheaper. And there are many ways to 
do it with alternate design, working with our suppliers. So that is a constant work in progress. So 
that's number one. 
 
Then in order to win deals like this, it is always good to have a complete portfolio where it makes 
sense. And also, we are definitely open. And where if it does not make cost sense for us to build it 
on our own, we can partner and outsource it from someone. We definitely look at it all the time. 
So it's actually a combination of all of these three. And finally, once you have a complete portfolio, 
then it increases the chances of winning a deal. And it also helps in how we can structure the deal. 

Tejas Networks Limited 
January 19, 2024 
 
16 
 
Ranjit: 
So in terms of the business wins, or the plan for the business wins, is there any conscious effort in 
controlling this mix of low and high margin? 
Arnob Roy: 
Any deal, any network that we supply for, we have a mix of low margin and high margin products. 
So we have all aspects of the portfolio. So when we ship all of the products in a network, the 
blended margin is what you see usually. 
 
It's not that we are currently shipping low-margin products, and we are looking to ship high-margin 
products. I mean we have the entire portfolio, which is a combination of low margin, lower-cost 
products and higher margin, higher-cost products. 
Ranjit: 
Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have no further questions, sir. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. 
Anand Athreya for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Anand Athreya: 
Thank you. So as I said in my opening statement, we had a strong revenue growth this quarter, and 
Tejas will continue to focus on investment and execution because we have a job to deliver. We 
have large opportunities and commitments to our customers, and we will continue to focus on 
execution. 
 
And I'm really happy with the progress that's been made on wireless as Arnob said in the beginning. 
Our Band 1, Band 28 and dual-band radios are looking good and operating well. So that gives us a 
lot more confidence and optimism that we are ready to take off. And the optical products too are 
getting delivered. Over the last couple of quarters, we've been focusing on building all of this and 
delivering with volume and scale. So I think the stage is being set and you will start to see the 
results of these efforts in the coming quarters. 
 
And last but not the least, supply chain used to be a problem. Now I believe it's in a reasonably 
good shape. There are some long lead items, but I think it's more predictable and more in control 
than it has ever been since I'm here. With that, I would like to close this call. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
Anand Athreya: 
Thank you very much. Bye, bye. 
 
Note: This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings 
