 
 
 
February 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Sub.:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 – Transcript of the Earnings 
Conference Call 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call held 
on February 13, 2024. 
 
This is for your information & Records. 
 
 
For PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
 
(Sanchay Dubey) 
Company Secretary 
 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
BSE Limited, 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 533581 
To, 
The Manager (Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited, 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Scrip Symbol: PGEL 
Sanchay 
Dubey
Digitally signed by 
Sanchay Dubey 
Date: 2024.02.16 
15:34:20 +05'30'

Page 1 of 22 
 
 
 
 
 
“PG Electroplast Limited 
Q3 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VISHAL GUPTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR - FINANCE 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MR. VIKAS GUPTA - MANAGING DIRECTOR - OPERATIONS 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MR. PRAMOD GUPTA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
PG ELECTROPLAST LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. DEEPAK AGARWAL - JM FINANCIAL 
 
 
 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 22 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to PG Electroplast Limited Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by JM Financial. As a reminder, all participant lines 
will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero on your touch-
tone phone. 
 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. Certain statements in this release 
concerning our future growth prospects are forward-looking statements which 
involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to 
differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements. We will now 
undertake to update any forward-looking statement that may be made from time to 
time by us or on our behalf. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Deepak Agarwal from JM Financial. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Deepak Agarwal: 
Thanks. Good afternoon, all. On behalf of JM Financial, I welcome you all to PG 
Electroplast Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference. 
 
Today, we have with us senior management, represented by Mr. Vishal Gupta, MD, 
Financial, Mr. Vikas Gupta, MD, Operations, and Mr. Pramod Gupta, Chief 
Financial Officer. Without taking much of time, I would like to hand over the floor to 
the management for their opening remarks, post which we open the floor for Q&A. 
Thanks and over to you, sir. 
Moderator: 
The line for Vishal Gupta has been disconnected. We will please wait while we 
reconnect. The management line is very connected. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Deepak. Good evening, everyone. Thank you for your time and 
joining this call today. Hope all of you are doing well. Yes. 
 
I'm joined on this call by Mr. Pramod Gupta, our Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. 
Vikas Gupta, our MD, Operations. We have already shared our resultspresentation 
and press release; Hope you have had the opportunity to go through the same. Nine 
months of this financial year has been another strong period for our company with 
good growth over last financial year numbers. 
 
There is a lot of noise in the background. Hello. There is a lot of noise in the 
background. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, I'm just checking. 
Vishal Gupta: 
We need to put all the people on the mute. 
Moderator: 
Management can continue. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you. Yes. 
 
So nine months of this financial year has been another strong period for PG with 
good growth over last financial year numbers. Sales have grown 26% in this period 
and have crossed INR1,665 crores with product business growing at 23%. EBITDA 
has also increased by 50% and stands at INR155 crores while net profits have risen 
by 75% and stands at INR65 crores. 
 
Product business in these nine months have crossed INR888 crores in FY24 with 
room AC business contributing INR641 crores which is a 29% growth on a YOY 
basis. The washing machine business stands at INR234 crores and has grown by 11% 
on YOY basis. 
 
Electronic business which includes LED television business was at INR277 crores 
and grew at 112%. Order book for product business remains robust and the company 
is on track to scale the product business significantly in FY24. Company is 
continuing its investment in new product platforms across all product segments and 
we are focusing our efforts towards developing products that help us maintain cost 
leadership while we also strive to attain product leadership. 
 
The company continues to see increased interest for businesses from new and 
existing clients and we remain very confident on the future growth prospects of the 
business. For the ongoing quarter that is the fourth quarter of FY24, we are guiding 
for a strong 30% growth with a sales guidance for this quarter at INR1075 crores 
which is a growth of 30% over fourth quarter of FY23 and EBITDA guidance of 
INR100 crores which is a growth of 30% over the same quarter of FY23 which was 
at INR77 crores. The growth in product business such as washing machines, room air 
conditioners and air coolers is expected to be around 40% at INR870 crores. 
 
So overall sales for this quarter we are guiding at INR1,075 crores. And the capex 
guidance stands in the range of INR170 crores to INR180 crores for FY24 and the 
major capex has been completed with new room AC plants operational in Bhiwadi, in 
Rajasthan and expansion of creating a new building of  300,000 square feet in Supa 
Maharashtra has been also completed and our flagship manufacturing facility for 
LED TV under JV of Goodworth Electronics spread across 300,000 square feet area 
is also more or less ready and we are ready for mass production from next month. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 22 
 
With this I will now hand over call to my colleague Mr. Pramod Gupta, our CFO. He 
will elaborate on the financials. Thank you. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Hello and good evening everyone. I am sure you have seen the financials in detail 
already. I am just summing up here. 
 
We had a good third quarter in many aspects. The net sales for the quarter grew by 
16% YoY despite sharp drop in commodity prices on a full year basis. EBITDA grew 
23.1% to INR47 crores and net profit grew 40% to INR19.23 crores. During third 
quarter, operating margins moderated due to mix change. As lower margin, electronic 
business grew much faster than the overall sales growth. Coming to the balance 
sheet, we have utilized QIP proceeds to partly repay the debt both term as well as the 
working capital. 
 
Also we have completed the capex and also we now have a gross debt of INR263 
crores much reduced from the beginning of the year and cash and bank balance of 
INR164 crores. We are on track to control our working capital as promised and in 
2024, working capital optimization remains one of the major focus areas for the 
company. 
 
Our focus on improving capital efficiency is bearing fruit now and on trading 12-
month basis, capital efficiency of the business has improved and our ROCE today 
stands at 19.8% and ROE was 16% post capital raise for the trailing 12 months. Net 
fixed asset turn for the consolidated entity is at 4.45x which we think we will 
improve further next year. 
Our cash conversion cycle has lengthened in this quarter due to a strategic call by the 
management to pay around $12 million as an advance to oversee vendors for better 
pricing for the coming AC season. We have recently signed a definitive agreement to 
acquire 100% stake in New Generation Manufacturing which is a private limited 
company and a 100% subsidy of Amstrad Consumer India Private Limited. 
 
We will be paying INR15 crores and 1 lakh for the 100% equity and CCD to ACIPL. 
Further, we will invest INR50 crores in NGM in the form of equity and debt to pay 
the ICDs and long term loans in NGM. After that, the NGM will become free from 
all encumbrances. 
 
The NGM has 12 acres of land which is just across our factory in PGTL and also it 
has over 200,000 square feet shed built with some assembly lines for room AC and 
LED TV. With this, now I will like to open the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Vipraw Srivastava from InCred Research. Please go 
ahead. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, so basically first question on your window AC facility. So, you are planning -- 
that facility is of around 300,000 units, right? 
Management: 
Yes. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
And the total window AC sold has been constant for some time. That's around 1.1 
million units. 
Management: 
Right. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
So, this is like 30% of the existing market. So, just want to understand that was this 
being an in-house and the company is outsourcing it to you, or will you be taking this 
market share from fellow EMS players? 
Vishal Gupta: 
So, basically, see most of the brands who are selling window ACs in India, they 
outsource, they don't manufacture in-house barring one or two brands. And see, we 
are not claiming to sell 300,000 window ACs. I don't think we have forecasted that 
we will be selling that much. 
 
We are targeting to sell window ACs and we have basically -- we are going to start 
manufacturing next week. So, this year, we may not be actually targeting a very 
significant market share in this product segment, but definitely maybe 10% to 15% of 
the market share we are hoping to get in the first year of operations. I don't think we 
have said 300,000 window ACs in any of the statements given by us. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Also, please appreciate this capacity is on annual basis which you are talking about 
and being a seasonal business even in the best of the case, the capacity utilization 
never goes up more than 60%-65%.  
Vishal Gupta: 
So, that's the capacity. That's not what we are targeting to have right now. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, noted. So, even if you let's say plan to take away let's say at 60% utilization 
and 300,000, 30% of the market. So, even if [inaudible] will that be easy? 
Vishal Gupta: 
I am saying 10% to 15% of the market we are targeting for the first year.  
Vipraw Srivastava: 
I just want to understand. Sir, will you be able to take that share from fellow EMS 
players? What will be your pitch to them? How will you differentiate yourself from, 
let's say, Amber or EPACK? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
We have shown and demonstrated that already in the split AC and we are already 
having a very sizable market share today and the players you named we are actually 
closing on in the market share with both of them in terms of split AC and we see no 
reason why we will not be able to repeat that in the window AC. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
But in the split AC it was more about import substitution, right? A lot of China -- 
issues from China were being imported. That has currently become almost close to 
1% to 2%. 
Pramod Gupta: 
That market was open for the competition also, right? They were the players who 
were already there in the market. Still we gained the market share, right? 
Vishal Gupta: 
We are the latest. We are the last entrant in the RAC segment -- in the RAC industry. 
We are the last person to enter and still we have gained significant market share in 
the presence of all these competitions which were already there. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay, noted. Last question on the TV part. So, Jaina currently has Karbonn and 
Sansui as brands and you also have got Amstrad. So, I mean your future as a TV 
manufacturer will be closely linked with the future of these brands, right? Let's say 
hypothetically if these brands lose market share in future, then it will lead to your TV 
utilization -- TV must be running at your utilization. Is this understanding correct? 
Pramod Gupta: 
No. That understanding is not correct. The reason being is that we are not creating 
this facility only for these brands. They will be also our clients and we will be 
targeting other clients also. By the way, this year we are having a very high growth in 
the TV and there are many more other brands which are contributing to the growth 
apart from Sansui and Amstrad or whoever you named. 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Right. But then Dixon has the largest facility, right, around -- it has around 26% of 
the market as facility. 
Pramod Gupta: 
You have to visit our facility please and then you please comment whether who has 
the highest or best or whatever facility. I will invite you maybe in the two weeks later 
or maybe in the first week of March, come and visit our facility and then you can… 
Vipraw Srivastava: 
No, I am just talking about the plain numbers. 9.4 million units of TVs were sold last 
year. Dixon has a facility of 6.6 million units. I am just talking plain numbers. So 
Dixon has 66% of the market. So what I am saying is how will you differentiate from 
Dixon? And let's say saying that you guys have some value proposition which Dixon 
doesn't have so that people should come and get a TV manufactured from you. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 22 
 
Vishal Gupta: 
Please understand we don't want to comment on the competition. We know about our 
capabilities and what kind of value proposition we can bring to our clients. Dixon has 
been there for long. And in the last one year we have grown our business in TV by 
more than 100% which has already been highlighted by Mr. Pramod Gupta while 
sharing the numbers and we are still confident going forward. We are already adding 
quite a few new clients and we are confident of having a rapid growth in the FY'25 
also for our TV business. We are already aligned with certain clients which we 
cannot disclose right now.  
Vipraw Srivastava: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Deepak Krishnan from Kotak 
Institutional Equities. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Krishnan: 
Hi, sir. So I hope you can hear me fine. I just wanted to check on ACs. Our top line 
for this quarter is down about 5%. We would have done about INR185 crores versus 
INR194 crores last year. Whereas brands have shown 30% plus growth. Any reason 
why ODMs are showing such low growth as compared to brands? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes, there is a reason there. The reason is that some of -- most of the brands were 
carrying little inventory because there was an unseasonal rain in May and June and 
there was a lot of built up which happened during the January, February, March last 
year and that inventory was being carried by brands and they have just kind of got rid 
of their inventory because the off-season sales were very strong.  
Also one more thing I want to highlight here. See, the capacity in the system has 
increased and because of that what has happened is that the seasonality in the 
business has increased further. So earlier the clients which used to get their 
manufacturing started sometime in November, December, now they have pushed it 
more and aligned with the sales that they do to their dealer and distributors.  
So right now if you see for most of the contract manufacturer, the sale is going to be 
much higher in January to April, May period than what it used to be in the past 
because everybody knows that there is no dearth of capacity so they don't need to 
make it -- they don't need to build the inventories from November itself. So that also 
is one of the reasons why because of which the sales have actually shifted in the AC 
side.  
In our case also one of the reasons is -- I'll tell you, one of the reasons for decline is 
also the ASPs, average selling price for most of the consumer durable items at 
contract manufacturing site are down anywhere between 5% to 11% in the last one 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 22 
 
year or last two quarters at our end and that is also the reason why the overall sales 
look little lower because commodity prices have corrected.  
Like, for example, plastic is down almost 12% on a year-on-year basis, copper is 
down 8%, aluminium is down about 10% percent. So because of those things, the 
prices of -- average selling prices of most of these consumer durable items are also 
down.  
Deepak Krishnan: 
And any change in mix from components to finished goods? Is that also a big factor, 
because the capacity coming in... 
Pramod Gupta: 
No. At our end, we have a balanced capacity. We are still focusing a lot more on the 
full product side and as we have been telling in the past, we are still going to be 
focusing lot more on the full product business. When I give you the numbers of 
product on the AC side or washing machine, they are the complete finished good 
products which we sell. We don't actually give the numbers on the component side 
and they are part of our plastic moulding and other segment. When the product side is 
only the finished good, final finished assembly which we are billing to the customer. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from 
Burman Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Firstly a couple of data-related questions. Can you provide the volumes of RAC IDU 
ODU and washing machines that you did in Q3? 
Pramod Gupta: 
That data we have stopped giving and we don't share for the competitive reason 
actually and we are sharing only the AC, washing machine and product business 
revenues only right now. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
So actually why I am asking because like you said, one, there was some sort of 
inventory correction and then the ASP also went down and hence the revenue is 
down. So it is difficult to assess whether on volume terms we have grown. And hence 
in your Q4 guidance you have built around 40% growth Y-o-Y in Q4 for the product 
business. If there is an ASP decline of around 8%, 10% that means you need upwards 
of 50% of volume growth in Q4, right, on the last year Q4 base. 
Pramod Gupta: 
No. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Okay. 
Pramod Gupta: 
The reason is this that there is a new product line also which we are starting which is 
the window AC. And apart from that we are also starting to manufacture the -- 
having a manufacturing facility which is going to start production this month may be 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 22 
 
in the second half and from next month there will be a ramp up. So there will be 
volume growth coming from the Bhiwadi facility also which will be contributing for 
us. So the volume growth will be there no doubt probably what you are saying about 
may be 35%-40% in the existing product line and some business will be also being 
contributed by the window AC.  
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Perfect, sir. 
Pramod Gupta: 
And these numbers I am saying are after what we are seeing already in the terms of 
run rate in the month of January, February based on that numbers only we are giving 
you a guidance. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it. Understood. Yes, that is all clear. Next, sir, quickly again a detailed question. 
In your Q4 guidance you have guided for INR100 crores of. I think in December or 
late last year, audits were going on in plants for the white goods PLI. So that INR15 
crores PLI is this part of this INR100 crores EBITDA? And if not, when do you 
expect it? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, we have submitted our application. Audits are completed at our end. There are 
some queries and those are getting addressed by our team, accounting team and we 
hope to get the PLI maybe in next 15 days to a month's time. And INR15 crores of 
that PLI is a part of this INR100 crores. 
Pranay Roop Chatterjee: 
Got it. Next some more high level strategic questions. Now when I look at your -- 
when I look at PG's AC business, obviously it's scaled up quite brilliantly over the 
last three years but there seem to be quite a few factors that play when I look at it 
from a next two-year perspective. So let's say the RAC is growing at about 8%-10% 
at an industry level. What will happen is next two to three years, a chunk of the 
outsourced portion will sort of go in-house purely because they have invested -- the 
OEMs have invested in capacity.  
Now the numbers that I have heard is 40% outsourced portion going to sub 30 
already and then it will further reduce as the remaining OEMs actually move it in-
house. While this is at play you are also expanding your market share quite rapidly, 
historically at least and you are focusing on CBUs and also targeting the long tail of 
OEMs in the RAC industry, like 40 plus brands who sell. So given this context and 
that you have also expanded your RAC in Bhiwadi, Rajasthan, what kind of visibility 
do you have in FY'25?  
Can we -- because there is a lot of dust and it's not clear. Can we expect a growth on 
FY'24 base for your AC business or should we think of it more as a flattish year 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 22 
 
where we are trying to figure out what happens in terms of insourcing versus 
outsourcing? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Coming to your question, I do agree there is a capacity coming in the brands 
themselves and there is a capacity which is coming in the competition also. We are 
quite optimistic first of all on the medium term growth on the AC business segment. 
Yes I don't dispute the fact that next one year or one and a half year could be a little 
challenging as some of the outsourcing work may be shifting to in house. But at the 
same time I just want to highlight that stabilizing the operation and rapidly scaling up 
the operation is also not easy for all the brands which have not been in the 
manufacturing business themselves. 
So let us see how the scaling up actually happens that will decide the pace of 
outsourcing versus insourcing in the next one and a half year. I am not saying it is not 
possible to scale up but it is just that the hurdles will be there and how the companies 
are able to tackle that will decide what happens next year and year after. Also another 
thing which I want to highlight here is that given the fact that we are seeing 
opportunities in the side of government push and so many policies, we are very 
hopeful that probably there will be a period in the next five years where the growth in 
the AC segment will surprise. 
And we will see a continuous growth of 20%-25% or maybe five-six years because 
the penetration levels remain so low. And affordability is increasing especially I am 
very hopeful that once the electricity prices are relatively lower these things will start 
picking up the penetration levels will start picking up very significantly. Also I want 
to highlight that our cost competitiveness cost leadership makes us a preferable 
partner for most of the companies who are looking to outsource. 
And we have been gaining market share and if the market remains even stable then 
we are hopeful that we will be able to show some growth even in 25. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Got it sir and lastly anything you would like to disclose on IT hardware PLI in terms 
of investments that you are planning to do the orders that you might have got or in 
the pipeline any disclosure on that picture? 
Pramod Gupta: 
We will disclose those things as and when we have any announcements to make. The 
efforts are on and the team is working towards it, that's all I have to say. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Thank you sir I will get back in the queue. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Praful Siddharth from Shravas Capital. Please 
go ahead. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 22 
 
Praful Siddharth: 
Hi, sir. Congrats on good set of numbers I just wanted to understand how much 
revenue did we generate from the plastic moulding segment during the quarter? 
Management: 
Just hold on for a minute I will just give you this figure. This quarter plastic 
moulding and others were just -- it was INR151.7 crores. 
Praful Siddharth: 
Got it, sir. Got it. Sure and how much is it from the electronics and moulds segment? 
Management: 
Electronics was totally about INR103.09 crores. 
Praful Siddharth: 
And the moulds? 
Management: 
Pardon? 
Praful Siddharth: 
Molds. 
Management: 
Molds was about INR1.72 crores. 
Praful Siddharth: 
Got it. Great sir. Thank you so much. That's it for me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you and the next question is from the line of Koushik Mohan from Ashika 
Group. Please go ahead. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Hi, sir. Sir in the starting you mentioned that about the cash flows that you have 
made some international payments and that's the reason there has been a stretch in 
your cash flows. Sir can I get some more clarity how much discount are we getting 
because of this or what kind of thought process we have that we have extended our 
cash flows? 
Farokh Pandole: 
This is just. Yes. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes there was this cash flow that excess cash which we are having was lying in the 
fixed deposit and we are getting just about 7% interest on that. What we have done is 
there was a particular vendor with whom we were able to negotiate for about 3% 
kind of a discount. And on an advance payment basis rather than giving him a 
payment afterwards and that's why… 
Vishal Gupta: 
Our payment terms with that vendor was 45 days. So for 45 days we have paid them 
before shipment and we were able to take cost advantage of 3%. So we saw it as a 
very significant saving. So that's why we went for that. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Okay. And my sir, second follow-up question is on, sir how are we looking the 
growth on RAC segment over next year. Any comment or any thought process that 
we have it? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 22 
 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, I will be able to give lot more colour on it once we actually are meeting after the 
fourth quarter. By that time we will have much more clarity on the outsourcing plans 
of some of our clients. However the order book that we have as of now till May, June 
looks pretty promising and at least in the first half of the next year which is till June 
we see a decent growth accruing to us if the season doesn't play a spoil sport again 
this year. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. Sir, and you also mentioned that we are going to get in INR100 crores, INR15 
crores as a PLI amount. That means that this quarter margins and everything were all 
in line. Just because of the PLI we will be getting a spike on the EBITDA and the 
PAT level. Is my assumption right? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Yes you are right on that. But see we don't actually take the PLI benefit till the time it 
actually comes to us or our application was accepted. So this quarter our application 
has been accepted and we are hoping the payout to come this quarter. So that's why 
we are actually delaying this accruing of PLI to the quarter, this fourth quarter. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Got it. That means that we are in a run rate of net profit of INR100 crores this year? 
Pramod Gupta: 
You cannot say run rate ours is a seasonal business and you know typically fourth 
and the first quarter of any financial year are the strongest period for us and second 
and third quarter are typically little weaker. 
Koushik Mohan: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Mahesh an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Mahesh: 
Yes. Hi, sir super numbers. Just wanted to understand this PLI side, I heard 
somewhere that of the 25 companies that applied for AC-PLI and this was a few 
years ago. Now just eight or nine companies are actually in a place to claim any 
incentive at all because they have not been able to meet the objectives. So what has 
been our PLI experience and what do you see, is the competition also going to get 
incentives or not meaning obviously you can't know exactly but what is your sense 
on this? 
Pramod Gupta: 
I think one is that the targets are getting challenging for everyone on an incremental 
basis because there is a growth which is required year-on-year to meet the PLI 
targets. And next year the challenges are going to be bigger because the size or the 
amount of targets are almost 50% higher than what they are this year on an 
incremental basis. Obviously some of the companies or the competition or people 
who had a larger revenues in the base year they are at a little disadvantage because of 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 22 
 
the fact that they have to not only first of all do the numbers which they did in the 
base year.And now they have to actually meet these incremental targets also. I don't 
have the number of how many people are likely to get or not. I think there was 21-22 
companies which were totally there in the first phase when they applied. And some 
of those must have fallen through because the targets are stretched and one thing was 
always that investment and sales both needed to be done to meet the targets. And 
some of the companies are probably not done the investment targets also in the first 
phase. And they have fallen apart. And now the sales will be obviously some 
challenging for some of the companies. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Mahesh ji I agree I will further add to what Pramod ji has said so when this PLI 
scheme was announced and when we set up this company by name of PG 
Technoplast which is a wholly owned subsidiary of PG Electroplast the basic 
structure and timing has been such that we are in one of the best positions to avail the 
benefits and take benefit of this PLI. The way this thing has been structured and since 
in our case the baseline is virtually zero. 
So whatever sales we do is an incremental sale and we are able to get benefits, PLI 
benefits on those sales, whereas in case of the competition who have been in this 
business for last many years so they already have some legacy or some baseline 
numbers which they have to cross every year. And on the top of that they have to do 
incremental sales every year. And that also is increasing every year. 
So the challenges for them is very high and that our customers also do understand. So 
they always prefer giving business to us because they know that some of that benefit 
maybe we can share with them. 
Mahesh: 
Yes, thanks. Are there any state benefits due this financial year or next financial year 
over and above PLI? 
Vishal Gupta: 
See, in case of PG Technoplast our super factory in Maharashtra so we as -- we 
already have a I think you are aware of that or not that we already have a mega 
project status from the government of Maharashtra. And we are hopeful to file our 
application in next two-three months. And in next financial year we are targeting to 
get those benefits also from the state government of Maharashtra. 
Mahesh: 
And one last question clearly meaning we have seen some of the larger competition 
results where the revenues have declined whereas in our case both the revenues have 
grown for first nine months as well as for the fourth quarter we are giving guidance 
of growth again. So we are gaining market share over competition. And as Pramod 
mentioned some time ago that there seems cost leadership is one of the drivers. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 22 
 
What I want to understand broadly without giving any competitive information 
whether the fact that we are concentrated as in most of our AC manufacturing has 
been happening in Supa. Only now we'll have another facility. Has that played a role 
in our cost competitiveness.  
Vishal Gupta: 
See definitely if you don't spread out anything in our case, our facility is one location 
till now and now we have one more location. Whereas in case of competition they 
have factories maybe spread across 20 plus locations. And they have to meet similar 
numbers, we are doing similar numbers from 20 plus factories and we are trying to 
achieve similar numbers from one or maybe now second unit. So definitely the cost 
overhead and all those, that can be an edge or an advantage but we are always trying 
to achieve. 
Mahesh: 
Okay, thanks a lot. So basically it seems like structurally PG has a cost advantage 
which cannot easily go away that's my conclusion from what you have said. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Also I want to highlight that ours is a mostly organic growth. We do not have any 
legacy which is coming to us because of inorganic growth or maybe other companies 
which have been acquired. And so we do not have those challenges or efficiency 
issues which some of our competition may be having because they have gone for 
many acquisitions in the past etcetera. And we have a very focused team and a very 
small team even in the middle and the top management which drives their whole 
business. 
So I mean the kind of revenues we are doing from AC I mean not many companies 
will be having this smaller team which can actually drive this kind of revenues in the 
AC business. 
Mahesh: 
Okay, thanks a lot sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Pranay Roop Chatterjee from Burman Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
Two more quick questions. Firstly on your acquisition of Amstrad's contract 
manufacturer NextGen. I was looking at Amstrad India's annual report and they seem 
to have about INR255 crores of revenue in FY23 and INR217 crores of purchase of 
stock in trade in their COGS. So, is it fair to say that if they, if this INR200 crores is 
entirely outsourced then that is what you can address. Is that the right way to think 
about it and how quickly can we service this because this is like captive or semi-
captive sort of consumption right? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 22 
 
Vishal Gupta: 
There are two things basically the first part is with this facility what we have 
acquired, which was a 100% owned subsidiary of Amstrad Consumer India Private 
Limited, which has a brand name by the name of Amstrad. They had a manufacturing 
facility which was just across the road. It's a very new manufacturing facility, which 
very well aligned and fit with our current operations in Supa with the new factory 
building being made, now we don't have any more land available for future 
expansion. 
So we thought that this being just across the road makes a lot of sense that we should 
acquire a 12-acre facility. That was one part. In addition to that, just to sweeten the 
whole deal, the basic idea is they are already branding of room air conditioners, 
washing machines, and TV. So as a part of the deal, we will have a preferential 
treatment and a first sign of refusal for any outsourcing opportunity for these 
products from this brand. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
So, sir, any sense if they're outsourcing part of that INR200 crores as of today? 
Vishal Gupta: 
So we are already doing maybe some part of that, around 50% to 60% of that is 
already doing, but we are targeting to make it 100%. And go back further. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
And lastly, on the state incentive, could you just help us understand, I think you 
mentioned the INR15 crores number in one of the past earnings calls this year, that 
you will probably recognize next year after you file the application. Is the INR15 
crores number accurate and is that a constant figure every year and how long will you 
get that for? Just some of those fall-back numbers. 
Vishal Gupta: 
No, no, no. INR15 crores is not the right number. The number in the first year is 
going to be much higher because when we file for an application typically we get the  
past whatever numbers you have done, you are also able to claim that for the past 2-3 
years from the time you have started the commercial production. 
So that number is going to be more like INR20 crores to INR22 crores per year 
eligibility that is what we are expecting. So in the first year we will be probably 
having eligibility we will be accruing the two years numbers or maybe slightly more 
than two years numbers. In the first year the number is more likely to be more than 
INR40 crores to INR45 crores or maybe slightly higher than that. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
And basis, reasonable assumptions and your plans of filing in two months from now, 
how does the timeline usually look like? When can we reasonably accrue it to our 
P&L? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 22 
 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes, you know, we have been in state of Maharashtra for last more than 12 years. So 
typically when you have your audit balance sheets and get your audit, GST audit 
done, which normally happens by September of, you know, next financial year. So 
suppose by 31st March 2024, we are able to close our balance sheet, get the audit 
done by April, complete our GST audit in next two, three months, and file our 
application. So before closure of next financial year, we should target to get this 
money from the state government of Maharashtra. 
Pranay Chatterjee: 
So, but isn't this like 6% to 7% of sales? That's the formula, right? 
Vishal Gupta: 
No, no, it's not like that. You know, the amount of capex you have done, the eligible 
capex, and it is divided by 12 years. So that becomes your maximum amount eligible, 
what you can get. But in case, because we have a mega project status, we can avail a 
gross SGST reimbursement from the state government of Maharashtra. 
So in case of RAC, the gross SGST for room air condition is 14%. But you know, 
then there is a maximum cap. So, you know, we will get maximum cap only because 
we will meet that cap very easily. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Pulavarthi Sai Kiran an 
individual investor please go ahead. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Yes, so just taking a step back, if you have to look at the last three years or four 
years, finally the growth has been driven by the room AC for the -- company, and it 
has given fantastic set of results. And if we look forward for the next maybe three to 
five years, how do you see PG Electroplast shaping up, maybe both in terms of the 
product breakups and what are the initiatives which you guys are looking at, and 
probably with these initiatives how the numbers might look like?. Just your thoughts, 
that will really help us. Thank you. 
Vishal Gupta: 
See, please understand there is a clear focus on the government of India for Make in 
India. And government is giving all kinds of tariff and non-tariff support to promote 
manufacturing in India. And they want to really restrict imports into India. So all 
these are playing out as a very strong tailwinds for our business. 
In addition to that, there is a good economic growth what India is experiencing, 
which is actually improving the purchasing power and the disposable income in the 
hands of the consumers, which will actually propel the growth of the consumption of 
consumer deliverables and consumer electronics in India. 
So when you ask for a number for three to five years, I can give you a very general 
statement. We cannot give you any specific numbers on that, but we are very 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 22 
 
confident that kind of policy environment that we have in India, that kind of 
economic environment we have in India, we have a good future for ourselves and for 
the country. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
And in terms of any specific product initiatives which you might want to enter, and 
probably some progress would have already gone in either in terms of thinking 
internally or maybe discussing with a few other potential partners or something of 
that sort? 
Vishal Gupta: 
We are always looking at all possible business opportunities. IT hardware PLI is one 
of them. That is what we are trying. We have re-entered the LED television business, 
where we can see that we can offer a long-term and viable value proposition for our 
customers and where we think that we can acquire required capabilities and skill sets 
to sustain that business on a long-term basis, we will definitely go into any kind of 
product business. 
So as of now we cannot give you any specific inputs on that but as and when we will 
have something to share we'll definitely share with all of our stakeholders. 
Pulavarthi Sai Kiran: 
Got it. One last question from my side. Just like what you have seen on the [AC] 
that's an exponential growth for this company any segments you foresee for the next 
few years which can drive such a substantial growth for this organization? That's it. 
Thank you. 
Vishal Gupta: 
Sorry you were not very clear audible to me. Pramodji did you get this question? 
Pramod Gupta: 
So this, right now, the hardware PLI and television business is surely one thing which 
we are expecting to show some decent growth. Also post-election we are very 
hopeful that there will be lot of opportunities coming for export and also some of the 
companies, some of our clients which are looking at Make in India initiatives and 
shifting out of China. 
So there will be opportunities in them. Those opportunities I cannot detail right now 
because they're in initial stages of decision. But we are very hopeful that there will be 
some large opportunities for outsourcing coming with existing and new clients, 
which we are in the process of discussion. And once something formulates, we will 
get to it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Farokh Pandole from Avestha Fund 
Management LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 22 
 
Farokh Pandole: 
Hi. My first question was relating to the component infrastructure in India and you 
know to what extent over the last couple of years has there been any change and from 
everything that you know speaking with government etcetera, what do you how do 
you see the development of this infrastructure over the next couple of years, 
specifically with relation to depending on China? 
Vishal Gupta: 
What is happening Mr. Pandole is that government is very clear that they have to 
promote local manufacturing in India but as usual you know now what government 
has done, they have put up a lot of quality control orders and they have mandated 
whatever goods are being imported into India, they need to have BIS certification. 
And most of the Chinese companies are not able to get BIS certification for the 
finished products or components which they want to sell to India market. So those 
imports are getting restricted and all the Indian companies are kind of being 
compelled to either go for local manufacturing or have vendor development, tie up 
with vendors who are ready to invest and grow and make those components in India. 
I will just give you an example. In case of room air conditioner, the copper tube plant 
is coming up in India and I think next two, three months the commercial production 
will start. The aluminium foil also, which was not available in India, that 
manufacturing will also start in next one or two quarters. Same, the motor guys are 
already expanding their facility in India. Compressor guys are expanding their 
facilities in India. 
So there is a lot of action happening as far as consumer developers are concerned. 
And in case of consumer electronics, you also must be seeing a lot of media articles 
that a lot of action is happening at the semiconductor side, OFET side, PCB side. So 
a lot of things are happening. But it will take another two, three years for us to really 
evaluate the performance and the achievements of Indian companies, how well they 
take up this opportunity, take up this challenge, and how they really make them ready 
to compete with these Chinese companies. 
Management: 
In the last three years, just want to sum up, a lot of development has happened, at 
least in the consumer appliances side. you know, the capacities have come in for 
different segments like motors, compressors, and now controllers are all getting 
assembled largely in India. So, a lot of assembly capacity as well as components 
capacity is coming up and is in the process of getting rammed up. We think that this 
will further accelerate in coming years. 
Farokh Pandole: 
Great, just related to that question, would anything at all in the component space 
provide opportunities for you in the future as a company to exploit? And my second 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 22 
 
question was just if you could give some clarity, because I think two of the previous 
participants asked a question about AC growth over the next year to which I got the 
sense that the answer was sort of opposite to those two questions. 
I guess I misunderstood. So if you could just clarify as we look forward to the next 
year, you know, I know you can't be very specific with numbers, but if qualitatively 
you could address what is the opportunity for the next year as far as air conditioners 
are concerned? 
Pramod Gupta: 
See, surely on your first question on the component side, there are opportunities 
which are going to be there and we will participate in some of them for local 
manufacturing as well as if possible export opportunities. And we are seeing interest 
from both the clients as well as some of the vendors, existing vendors of ours as well 
as industry vendors who are looking for partnership in India for manufacturing those 
components or assembling those components in India. 
However, you know, we have actually put up a very stringent safeguard in terms of 
the asset terms that we require to do any business along with the margins. So we are 
actually slightly cautious in taking up those opportunities, because we don't want to 
get into the business where we do not make adequate return on capital. 
So we think which will fit our model or return expectation, we will surely pursue 
those opportunities and we are in discussion with some of the partners for the same. 
Coming to the other thing about the clarity on the business, see I have a very 
significant visibility of the next six months which is still the June quarter and because 
they are the firm orders which companies have given to us and if the rain, as I was 
saying, doesn't play a spoiled sport, we are very hopeful that even in the first half of 
next year the growth should be pretty decent for us. 
 
Now there are capacities coming and there is a lot of noise about the capacities and 
expectations of some large clients who are putting up their capacity and how that 
capacity ramps up and what decisions they take, with whom they take to, take the 
work out and shift to their own capacity is going to be actually deciding the fate of 
each individual company. Fortunately for us, we do not have a very high dependence 
on any single large client. That is point number one. 
 
Point number two is we have been all the time trying to get more and more new 
clients added and also expanding our relationship in each of the existing clients and 
that has been driving our growth. 
 
 We want to continue with that strategy, and we do know that business is going to get 
difficult maybe but because the brands also are facing a pricing challenge, they will 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 22 
 
have to find out and they will have to work with the vendors who can give them a 
very price competitive solution and we actually stand the best chance among the 
competition.  
 
So we are very hopeful that given our cost structure, given our positioning in the 
market and the PLI advantage that we have, we are and the quality that we give and 
the solutions we are giving and now we are working towards product leadership. 
 
We are the best placed company in the AC segment for partnering and if there will be 
an opportunity in India, then we will be having a very good chance to continue to 
outsource, to become an outsourcing partner. So I cannot actually... 
Vishal Gupta: 
Yes, I will add to what Pramodji has said right now, Mr. Pandole. See, we got into 
AC business only maybe two years back, and in last two years, two things have 
happened, very significant things have happened that we have grown this business 
very rapidly and at the same time, we have been able to establish ourselves as a 
credible and a quality supplier and a quality partner to all our customers. So their 
comfort level is at a very, at a very different level now. 
 
They are much more comfortable working with PG. They are very well aware of the 
capabilities of PG. So we don't see much challenge now. `See, two years back, we 
were totally new. That was very challenging times for us.  
 
But if we talk about today, if we keep our heads down and we focus on the things 
that we are doing right now and we keep our focus there, we keep ourselves 
grounded, we don't see any challenge in growing this business further in spite of all 
the challenges that we have shared with you. 
Management: 
Just to add to what Mr. Pramod and Mr. Vishal has said, please understand, definitely 
air conditioning has played a very large role in the growth of our company for last 
three years. But nonetheless, there are other product categories also like washing 
machines, electronics, plastic molding, which are also growing.  
 
So we feel that our revenue is much better diversified as compared to other 
competitive players. 
 
And we feel there will be a significant growth in other product categories as well. So 
which will be able to help us in growing the company going forward. Thank you. 
Farokh Pandole: 
Excellent. That's great to hear. Thanks very much and wish you all the very best for 
the coming quarters. 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 22 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from the line of Nikhil Kanodia from Philips. 
Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Sir, I just wanted to know what is the cost difference between Indian manufacturing 
and versus China in comparison to China? 
Pramod Gupta: 
In what? In what products? 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
AC manufacturing. 
Pramod Gupta: 
Actually, it's difficult to say right now. See, the cost of manufacturing may not be 
very different. Maybe they may have an advantage of maybe 1% or 2%,3%. 
 
But actually what happens is right now, the component ecosystem was largely there 
in China, and they had a huge advantage of economies of scale. And they were not 
paying any money to, get on the logistic side to get the components from China to 
India, which we have to pay. And also there is a long lead time and then financing 
costs also adds up on those things. 
 
So that advantage they are probably enjoying. But that advantage is slowly going 
away because there is a manpower cost which is increasing very rapidly in China. 
And also the finding the availability to of labor to work in the shop floor is becoming 
challenges in the large cities, at least in China. 
 
So those kind of challenges they are facing. But still, I believe they may be having an 
overall advantage of about 5% to 10% vis-a-vis Indian manufacturers because of the 
availability of components, local availability of components and also the scale benefit 
that they have. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
So, sir, this 5% to 10% benefit is post the labor arbitrage which you have said just 
now, right? 
Pramod Gupta: 
 Yes. About 5% or so is the cost on logistic itself that we may be paying in major of 
the major components that we are still importing from China and some of the raw 
material like copper we import, copper tubing. That's also quite bulky. 
 
A lot of it is air actually. Similarly, the compressors, the motors, these things and the 
scale is very different in China. They are like making 10 times of what we sell right 
now in India. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Got it. So the next question I think is that any plans to increase the RAC component 
business? I know you answered this previously, but I would like to I would like to 
elaborate more on whether you are planning to increase your component business and 
any plan for that? 

 
PG Electroplast Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 22 
 
Vishal Gupta: 
Definitely, we are planning to increase our company, any business, any business 
where we are able to we have certain our own internal benchmarks we have created 
for any capital allocation. if any business meets those requirements, those 
benchmarks will be very aggressive on those businesses, and we'll try to grow that 
business. 
 
 So we see by the grace of God, we have a large team of people available with us. So 
we are able to have focused approach in all product segments. And that is why we are 
able to grow all products segment for last three years. 
 
 So, yes, for components also, there is a very clear focus and there is a clear team 
available whenever any viable business opportunities will be there will be definitely 
be very aggressive for that. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
And one last question. How many customers are we having currently RAC and 
washing machines? 
Pramod Gupta: 
In RAC, we will be probably servicing more than 25 brands this year. Similarly, in 
washing machine, we will be having close to 25 brands which we will be servicing 
this year. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
And this will increase to any rough idea? 
Pramod Gupta: 
Increase to we will be able to tell you only next year once we add and start getting 
order. But this is as of this financial year, I'm talking '24 financial year. 
Vishal Gupta: 
So as like we have added quite a few clients in both in our air conditioners and 
washing machine business in last one or two quarters. 
Nikhil Kanodia: 
Okay. Understood. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from participants, I now hand the 
conference over to management for closing comments. 
Pramod Gupta: 
I'd like to thank all of you for taking and sparing your valuable time to come and 
participate in the call. We would like to also invite you to visit us both in Noida, 
Bhivadi now and also in Supa and see our facilities. You can call me, or you can 
contact, you know, send the email to our investor relations and we'll try to 
accommodate you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of JM Financial, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. 
And you may now disconnect your lines. 
Management: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you.  
