Regd. Office
Regent Chambers, 7th Floor
Jamnalal Bajaj Marg
208 Nariman Point
Mumbai 400 021
Pidilite Industries Limited
Corporate Office
Ramkrishna Mandir Road
Andheri - E, Mumbai 400059, India
T + 91 22 2835 7000
2835 7952 / 2835 7365
F +91 22 2830 4482
www.pidilite.com
ClN:L24100MH1969PLC014336
31st January, 2024 
The Secretary  
The Secretary 
BSE Ltd. 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Corporate Relationship Dept.,  
Exchange Plaza, Plot no. C/1, G Block, 
14th floor, P. J. Tower, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Dalal Street, Fort 
Bandra (E), 
Mumbai - 400 001 
 
Mumbai - 400 051 
Stock Code – 500331 
Stock Code - PIDILITIND 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call
--------------------------------------------------- 
Dear Sir, 
We enclose herewith, a transcript of the Earnings Call held with Analyst/Investors on                  
24th January, 2024. 
A recording of the transcript is available on the website of the Company viz. 
www.pidilite.com.  
Kindly take the same on records. 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pidilite Industries Limited  
Manisha Shetty 
Company Secretary 
Encl: as above 
MANISHA 
RAKESH 
SHETTY
Digitally signed 
by MANISHA 
RAKESH SHETTY 
Date: 2024.01.31 
10:13:28 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
 
“Pidilite Industries Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARAT PURI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUDHANSHU VATS – DEPUTY MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – PIDILITE INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SANDEEP BATRA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
FINANCE AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – PIDILITE 
INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
MR. SUNIL BURDE – SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT, 
FINANCE AND ACCOUNTS – PIDILITE INDUSTRIES 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. JAY DOSHI – KOTAK SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 2 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Pidilite Industries Ltd. (Pidilite) 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Kotak Securities Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your 
touchtone phone. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Jay Doshi from Kotak Securities. Thank you, 
and over to you, Mr. Doshi. 
Jay Doshi: 
Thanks, Viren. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of Kotak Institutional Equities, I 
welcome you all to 3Q FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Pidilite. We have with us 
Mr. Bharat Puri, Managing Director; Mr. Sudhanshu Vats, Deputy Managing Director; 
Mr. Sandeep Batra, Executive Director- Finance and Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Sunil 
Burde, Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounts. 
I'll now hand over the call to Mr. Batra for opening remarks. Over to you, sir. Thank 
you. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thanks, Jay, and a very warm welcome to all on the call. I will quickly give you a 
summary of the performance for the third quarter and the results for which were 
approved by our Board yesterday. Standalone revenue growth was aided by robust 
Underlying Volume Growth (‘UVG’) of 10.4%. This growth was broad-based across 
both the Consumer and Bazaar and the B2B business segments, with both segments 
reporting double-digit Underlying Volume Growth. 
Both urban and rural markets grew, with rural and small town markets outpacing the 
urban growth. Export demand remained strong and delivered double-digit UVG. Part 
of the moderation in input prices was passed on by way of pricing adjustments and 
hence, the revenue growth was 4.6%. 
Our consolidated revenue for the quarter at INR 3,119 crores was up over the same 
period last year by 4.4%, led by strong underlying volume growth across categories 
and geographies. Standalone gross margins continue to expand both sequentially and 
Y-o-Y. Year-on-year was higher by 1,191 basis points and sequentially by 174 basis 
points. 
VAM consumption in the quarter was around $900 a ton as compared to $2,000 in the 
same period last year. Investments in brands and consumer facing initiatives continued 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 3 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
during the current quarter. Consequentially, EBITDA margins improved by 776 basis 
points over same period last year and by 188 basis points over the previous quarter. 
Despite uncertain global economic conditions, inflationary pressures and uncertain 
political conditions in some of our operating subsidiaries outside India, the subsidiaries 
collectively, and excluding the Pidilite USA business, reported modest sales growth 
with EBITDA in absolute terms doubling over same period last year. EBITDA margins 
improved both sequentially and year-on-year. 
Domestic subsidiaries reported robust sales growth with both the Consumer and 
Bazaar and the B2B subsidiaries registering double-digit growth. We remain focused 
on building a resilient supply chain and invested behind upgrading and setting up new 
facilities. 
In the current quarter, we commissioned one new plant, which takes the total number 
of plants commissioned in the current year to 9. We also continue to increase our 
distribution touch points across India in both urban and rural markets along with 
effective use of digitization. 
Innovation across the Consumer and Bazaar and B2B segments continue to be 
significant contributors to the overall revenues of the company. As we look ahead, we 
continue to be optimistic about market demand in the near term, given increased 
government spending and overall uptick in construction activities, and we remain 
committed to deliver volume-led profitable growth via investments in our brands, 
supply chain, digital infrastructure, innovation and customer-facing initiatives. 
With that, I conclude my opening remarks and open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Abneesh Roy from Nuvama Institutional Equities.  
Abneesh Roy: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. My first question is on the lending business, which 
was announced last quarter. You had said that you will be first doing a pilot project 
and from where the learnings would be there. So my specific questions are in terms of 
any learnings if you can share. And you had also said that the team will be completely 
separate versus Pidilite's team. So in terms of team, etcetera, has that been fully set up? 
And in terms of the INR 100 crores outlay for 2 years, any change to that number? 
Bharat Puri: 
Good evening, Abneesh. On the lending business, the pilot is just being set up over the 
next, I would say, 15 to 20 days, it will start in one city in Southern India as a pilot. 
The team has been set up and is completely separate. There are no current Pidilite 
employees as part of the team. It is an arms-length team. There is obviously no change 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 4 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
whatsoever to the commitments of the INR 100 crores over 2 years. In fact, the INR 
100 crores over 2 years will also happen only after we have seen the pilot and then 
decide as to where we want to go. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Right. So Bharat, are you going a bit slow versus initial expectation? Because in 3 
months, the pilot project has not started. So are you going a bit slow because the 
demand scenario is a bit different or there's a feedback from investors that this is 
slightly risky? Is there any change? 
Bharat Puri: 
No, no, there is no change. Remember that when I say the pilot has not started, we 
have not started disbursing money. The work has started. For example, remember, you 
have to do meets across contractors, masons, plumbers, water proofers, dealers, 
etcetera. All that process has started in the city. So now they worked out their back 
end, the back end has to be all right, and I think over the next 15 days so there is no 
change in our intention. 
But we are clear. The word NBFC seems to suggest that this is a major venture. This 
is not a major venture. This in a sense will complete the loop for our whole 
intermediary ecosystem. And we just want to see whether there's a large enough and 
profitable opportunity there. That is all that we want to do. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My second question is on the rural and small town demand. And Bharat sir, you 
are the expert on FMCG. For the entire FMCG sector, rural demand is a big challenge. 
For you, last quarter also rural was ahead of urban and this quarter also. So I want to 
understand, is it coming because of higher feet on street? Or is it because you were 
under-indexed? 
For example, Nestle also is growing faster in rural because they were under-indexed 
to start with. So in your case also, are you under-indexed and that is why the rural 
slowdown is not impacting you? 
Bharat Puri: 
So it's a mix of 3 things, Abneesh. The first is absolutely yes. See, categories like ours, 
even equalized for income are under-indexed in rural areas and small towns, largely 
because of a lack of consumer education, a lack of user education, and at times a lack 
of full range availability. 
Whereas if I wear my old FMCG hat, FMCG or large part of distribution, expansion is 
already being done. A large part of the growth therefore comes from increase in 
consumption or premiumization. And that's where the FMCG sector is currently 
constrained. As far as we are concerned, A) we are under-indexed, and B) having said 
that, this is not something over 3, 6 or 9 months. Our CAGR for rural over a 3-year 
period is actually 1.5x urban. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 5 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
So when we had set up this division called Emerging India, where we aggregate all 
Pidilite divisions and go as one  company, we had seen this opportunity. We have 
invested substantially in feet on the street, in the increase of range, in the increase in 
distribution touch points and obviously, therefore, the amount of below-the-line 
activity in terms of demand generation. 
All of that and a simple example I can give you is, Abneesh, and you know Pidilite 
better than most, 3 years ago, we used to talk about 2,000, 2,500 Pidilite ki Duniya in 
rural areas, we know in the villages between 5,000 and 10,000. We now have 12,000 
Pidilite ki Duniya. So this is a consistent investment. And if I look shop-by-shop, 
etcetera, it may not be viable for the amount of effort we are putting in. But these are 
our fixed deposits for the future, and a lot of them are beginning to pay off already. 
So like this, I see the expansion of Araldite, for example, into rural and semi urban. I 
see the expansion of Roff, our tiling adhesive into these areas. All of these are 
contributing for us to actually make rural and semi urban a strong driver of growth. 
And frankly, that will continue for us for some time. 
Abneesh Roy: 
Sure. My last quick question is on the 10% volume growth, a very good number. So 2 
specific questions there. One is, your gross margins are at 11 quarter high. And in 
FMCG, we have seen that whenever sharp gross margin improvement is happening, 
there is a local player issue also. So if you could talk about local players, are they 
taking some momentary market share in some of the market? 
And second, sir, is in terms of the discretionary demand. So when I see Fevicol that is 
used in almost every comparable discretionary item, there is a big slowdown. So if you 
see apparel, footwear, furniture, everywhere, there is a slowdown. You must have been 
seeing some of the numbers, initial numbers and more numbers will come in terms of 
results. So that part of the demand, how is it shaping up in terms of apparel, footwear 
and furniture, the white-glue demand? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, answering the second part, we are finding and maybe this is a function of the 
increased activity around construction and housing, the completion, the consumers' 
attitude towards decor and their ability to spend a certain amount of premiumization. 
Frankly, we are not finding consumer discretionary demand to be dull. It can always 
be better in some geographies, so on and so forth. 
But at an overall level, we are finding demand to be decent. It is not booming, but it is 
still decent. And therefore, we are not finding any of this as an issue. As far as local 
and regional is concerned, one of the reasons why we keep our margin cap, is you can 
already see that in this quarter itself, we've taken price reductions, which are fairly 
substantial. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 6 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
We are clear what is the price premium that our product can demand. And for the sake 
of 1, 2 or 3 quarters of extra margin, we are not going to imperil our future growth. So 
therefore, we will keep monitoring that. Local players are back in the last 1 year or so 
post COVID. But fortunately, we are not seeing a major impact because,  we are alive 
to it, and you can see from our numbers that we are on the front foot. We are not like 
in a sense, harvesting and then suffering. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sonali Salgaonkar from Jefferies. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Congratulations for a great set of numbers. So my first question is regarding an update 
on the paints business. If you could throw some light as to how we are progressing on 
that, how many touchpoints, etcetera? And secondly, any comments from your side 
about the upcoming competition in paints or the competition that we have seen in the 
waterproofing side of our business? 
Bharat Puri: 
Good to hear from you, Sonali. As far as our paints business is concerned, as we have 
consistently maintained, this is an initiative only in small town and rural areas. This 
we started with the states of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha. We have added Tamil Nadu 
and Karnataka to these states. It is going as per our plan. But remember this that we 
are not in for a big bang approach. We are not looking to enter the ring and fight 
amongst the gorillas. 
We believe we have an opportunity at the bottom end of the market simply because of 
our distribution being extremely deep and the demand from our/ dealers. It's too early 
for us to declare success or failure for that matter. Every pilot in the first 3, 4 months 
is always successful. So Sonali, I would wait another 6 months before telling you 
where we are. But it is proceeding as per our plan, but our plan is not a very ambitious 
plan, please remember. 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, secondly, on the VAM prices, Batra sir told us about the VAM prices 
right now. But any disruption that you are witnessing, or you expect because of the 
ongoing Red Sea issue either in terms of supply chain or for your international 
subsidiaries? 
Bharat Puri: 
That is a great question. See, fortunately, for us, all of our VAM, none of it comes via 
the Red Sea currently. However, that doesn't mean VAM cannot be impacted because 
when it's impacted for somebody else, you will have issues. 
These days, Sonali, you live in these uncertain geopolitical era where suddenly 
geopolitics is a strong influence on your business. We will keep a close watch. As of 
now, we are seeing no impact. Our VAM all comes fortunately from the East and even 
the ones  that comes from Saudi comes via the Persian Gulf and not via the Red Sea. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 7 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Sonali Salgaonkar: 
Got it, sir. Sir, and lastly, any guidance you would like to share in terms of either 
volumes or margins for FY '25? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, as we have always consistently said, our objective as an organization is double-
digit underlying volume growth. And all of you tend to compare us with paints. Please 
remember, we measure underlying volume growth and not tonnage volume growth 
because our tonnage volume growth will be obviously much higher. This is underlying 
volume growth. 
Our objective is we are in the range of double-digit underlying volume growth and our 
margin is at the 20% to 24% level. And hopefully, our proportion of core to growth 
and pioneer continues to change, we will be on a healthy growth trajectory, and that's 
our objective. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak Securities. 
Jay Doshi: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. My first question is a bookkeeping question. 
Domestic subsidiary profitability is significantly lower in this quarter versus what we 
saw in the first half. So could you sort of elaborate on it? And was there a one-off? 
And how should we expect it to trend going forward? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, what I would do, Jay, is I would actually divide my domestic subsidiaries into 
running domestic subsidiaries and pioneer domestic subsidiaries. The running 
domestic subsidiaries viz. ICA Pidilite or Nina Percept, these are having normal 
business. YTD, they are on healthy growth and profitable trajectory. 
In the pioneers, if you remember, both last time and the time before, we spoke about 
our new venture on exterior renders. This is a new venture in collaboration with the 
Spanish company called Grupo Puma. This is just in the process of setting up. The 
factory has just been set up. It is as per plan, we will, in the first 12 to 18 months, make 
a loss before it ramps up. 
Therefore, if you just look at domestic subsidiaries, through that envelope, you will 
see a reduced performance. But if you remove Grupo Puma, which is an absolutely 
new venture, the factory, in fact, is just starting commercial production, then it looks a 
little warped. But otherwise, as far as we are concerned, this has no plan. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. So I see absolute number, I believe there is a deviation or a drop of about 
INR 20 crores on a quarterly EBITDA. So is that entirely due to losses that you are 
incurring in this new venture that you are scaling up? 
Sandeep Batra: 
The delta is not INR 20 crores. I think the loss in Grupo Puma is about INR 4 crores 
in the quarter. And I think in ICA Pidilite, while we continue to grow profits on a YTD 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 8 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
basis, in this quarter, our profit was lower than same period last year by about INR 5-
6 crores  because of a much higher advertising and sales promotion spend that was 
planned to be spent in third quarter. So that was the only drop. It was not INR 20 crores, 
it was, I think, some INR 10 crores lower. 
Jay Doshi: 
I am actually looking at the quarterly run rate for first half and quarterly EBITDA of 
third quarter and I saw the difference of INR 20 crores. Maybe I will recheck. 
Bharat Puri: 
No, because of Diwali quarter and seasonality and ICA Pidilite being a wood finished 
paints business, there is obviously a much higher ATL and BTL spend in this quarter, 
which in a sense tends to warp this quarter results but on a YTD basis, it's perfectly 
healthy. 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. My next question is, you talked about your aspiration of delivering 
double-digit UVG. Now this quarter, you delivered that number, and it was broad-
based across C&B as well as B2B businesses. And even your commentary on rural 
demand and in general seems to be a lot more comforting than what you hear from 
most other companies. 
So given that backdrop, should we expect this as a more sustainable volume growth 
for the next few quarters based on the visibility you have at this point of time? Can 
anything go wrong is my question. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, Jay, having been in this business long enough, I can tell you, these days it is best 
to fly the plane visually and look quarter-to-quarter. Does quarter 4 look all right? 
Again, if there are no Black Swan events, it looks all right. Now we  have a massive 
general election coming up. Unfortunately, the general election, not from a sentiment 
or so on, just from a logistics point of view, tends to always warp sales in the quarter 
where there is elections because there's massive government mobilization of transport, 
people and so on and so forth. 
Generally, elections tend to be a time when sales get muted. But hopefully, it makes 
up over time. If you ask me, are we confident on the trajectory of the organization, the 
home improvement sector, the India consumption story, the answer to all 3 is yes. 
Barring any bumps along the way, which frankly, for an emerging economy are par for 
the course. There will be bumps, but I think that on a secular basis, we are quite 
confident of the direction we are taking. 
Today, our proportion of core to growth and pioneer is slowly pretty much become 55-
45. And therefore, we have a better growth engine. We are moving ahead. A lot of our 
newer categories are successful and therefore, which is why this proportion is 
changing. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 9 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
We have our clear direction. Fortunately, as of now, input prices are stable. This will 
enable us to keep investing back in the market. You will appreciate that this year in the 
first 9 months, we pretty much almost close to doubled  our investment in advertising 
and sales promotion because, again, for us, profitable underlying volume growth, if we 
are getting that, then you are on the right course. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Latika Chopra from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Latika Chopra: 
Mr. Puri, it was interesting to hear a comment that the core to pioneer and growth share 
is now 55-45. If I remember correctly, in the prior call, you were hoping to close FY 
'24 at 60-40. So would love to get some more flavor on what are the categories in 
growth and pioneer, say, Araldite, your tile adhesive, floor coatings, wood finishes. If 
you can give some flavor on what is the growth trajectory that they are clocking? Are 
they growing 15% to 20%? Are they growing 20% plus? And what is the confidence 
you have for sustaining these kind of growth rates? 
And my second question was between distribution reach expansion and new product 
contribution, which of these has been a bigger volume growth contributor for you in 
the recent quarters? And how do you think this is going to play out in coming years? 
Bharat Puri: 
Great question, Latika. Good to hear from you. See, on your first question, on the 
proportion of growth and pioneer to core, this goes plus/minus 5% every quarter. Our 
objective for the year was 60-40. The way it's tracking, we will be anywhere between 
55-60 to 45-40, which is a pretty happy state to be in. 
What is driving that? Obviously, it is the newer categories. When I look at, for 
example, Araldite, when I look at our whole tile adhesives business, I mean, 4 years 
ago, I had 2 anemic tile adhesive plants. We now have 10. So clearly, that has been a 
good driver of growth. We look at our wood finishes business, that's a good driver of 
growth. The joinery business is a good driver. 
So there is a whole set of initiatives that we have. Each of these, again, Latika, is 
growing at differential rates. And we have always maintained, when we plan for these, 
we want 2 to 4x GDP growth depending on the amount of infrastructure we have 
created, depending on the demand, the situation and how much penetration there is, 
etcetera. 
So there is no one answer to what rate they are growing. But obviously, they are all 
growing at the rates of 2 to 3x GDP at least. That is the first thing. And just remind me 
on your second question? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 10 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Latika Chopra: 
I was just checking on your between distribution reach expansion and new product 
contribution.  
Bharat Puri: 
See, I would say, as of now, remember because innovation impacts both urban as well 
as rural and small town markets. In an absolute sense, innovation is always a bigger 
driver of growth than distribution touch points. 
A lot of times, what happens is, like, say, for example, some of our growth in rural is 
coming because of the extension of say, Araldite, the extension of our sealants 
business, the extension of Roff. Now for the rural markets, this is innovation because 
they are new to the rural markets though we have had these products for long. So we 
don't count them in our innovation machine, so as to say. 
But at an overall level, I would say both are strong drivers of growth. Innovation 
because it cuts across both, tends to be a little stronger because in urban areas, really 
our task is not so much increasing distribution touch points. We still keep increasing 
distribution touch points because cities are all expanding in the peripheries. But it is 
more also about getting more out of our existing outlets, both for a range as well as a 
volume perspective. 
Latika Chopra: 
All right and if I may squeeze in one more check, this is on margins. Do you see any 
possibility of any further price reductions in any of your segments? And also, we talked 
a lot about Emerging India. Could you share what's the revenue cadence for this 
broadly for your standalone business now? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, first, just as far as price decreases are concerned, again, we have always 
maintained that we believe that our price premium that we command over competition 
varies from product to product, but we have clear formulas within. The moment we 
find that price premium is going above those, we tend to reduce price because it 
suggests that the raw material prices have come down because the local guys have 
become more competitive. 
So if raw material prices get a little softer, they remain soft, we might see some price 
decreases. But the way raw materials are now looking, Latika, I suspect we are 
somewhere near the bottom, this could still be famous last word because you never 
know what happens vis-à-vis China. These days, there are too many geopolitical things 
involved. So I would say as long as our price premium doesn't go beyond the levels 
that we have set for it, we will not decrease prices. If it does, we will. That's the basic 
thing going forward. The second thing, as you said, the proportion of urban to rural 
plus semi urban is 70-30. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 11 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Arnab Mitra from Goldman Sachs. 
Please go ahead. 
Arnab Mitra: 
My first question was on, if I look at the growth categories, and if I take waterproofing 
out of that because that's quite a large category, the other brands which have ramped 
up quite a lot in the last recent 2 years and are growing fast. Is there any impact on 
margins as we have become bigger? I mean are they dilutive, accretive to your business 
at a gross level or an EBITDA level? 
Bharat Puri: 
Good to hear from you, Arnab. That's a great question. See, what we do normally is at 
a gross margin level, we tend to keep our margins at very similar levels because we 
are clear that, that's what impacts our intrinsic profitability. So plus/minus 3% to 4%. 
Gross margins across our categories will be healthy. 
In a lot of, obviously, the growth categories, we would invest a lot more in, for 
example, investment behind the brand, in route-to- market initiatives, in below-the-
line initiatives as well as people. So therefore, on an EBITDA basis, we are clear that 
the growth categories will have a lesser EBITDA, but similar gross margin, then over 
a period of time, things should taper off and then come to our averages. 
Arnab Mitra: 
Got it. That's very helpful. And my last question was on waterproofing. So you have, 
of course, clubbed it all as part of growth. I mean the perception is that it's slightly 
bigger as a category now. It's obviously quite competitive. Are you seeing something 
like that towards like GDP growth in waterproofing continue? 
I mean, while your overall growth may grow at 2 to 4x, waterproofing may be a little 
lower than that? What are the trends that you are seeing in that market in terms of end 
demand, given that Paints demand seems to be slightly soft in the recent few quarters? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, retail demand, which the paint industry has also reported, has been soft. But 
having said that, institutional demand for waterproofing has jumped because of the 
infrastructure investments, etcetera. Waterproofing is still, the penetration-led growth 
is still fairly high because even now, our belief is real waterproofing penetration is less 
than 1 in 2, which is less than 50%. 
And therefore, the task for a lot of us is to first expand that market and make sure that, 
that market is expanding rather than only look for share within the 50. Having said 
that, in our view, it is still growing, from 4x GDP it has become 2x GDP because of 
the stress in consumer discretionary segments. But it is still a fast-growing segment. 
The only thing is the issue that is coming is, Arnab, these days, the definition of 
waterproofing, everybody is using, is a very fast and loose definition of waterproofing. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 12 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
The paint companies tend to now put all exterior paints into waterproofing and call 
them waterproofing. A lot of their primers, they now say it's a waterproof primer. What 
was being sold earlier as a primer is now sold as a waterproof product. So if you add 
all of that, it's 3 to 4x, but the real waterproofing, I would suspect is  twice GDP. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential 
Life Insurance. Please go ahead. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Thank you. Congratulations to your team for a great set of results. First question is on 
the overall growth rate in terms of volume. You mentioned that the growth rate is more 
broad based. But I mean, if we look at, say, 2 quarters back versus right now, when 
have you seen the highest rate of change, I mean, in terms of growth rate? Basically 
incrementally, what has improved versus, say, 2 years backs or 2 quarters back or 6 
quarters back, just wanted to understand that? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, good question, Keyur. Basically, what has improved is 2 things. One is clearly the 
growth categories continue momentum. And therefore, the momentum on those is 
leading to greater growth. 
The second thing is rural and semi-urban markets, as they've been cycled, we're finding 
momentum there also and they're growing faster than they were growing. Two quarters 
back, we were talking of 11% and 12% growth. We are now talking of 1.5x. So 
therefore, you can see that both these set of markets are tending to contribute to higher 
growth. 
Keyur Pandya: 
So geographies rather than, I mean, category-specific improvement you are seeing? 
Bharat Puri: 
Both geographies and in categories, the growth categories. For example, each of the 
growth categories, some of them have good momentum, be it, for example, Araldite, 
be it our tile adhesives, obviously, waterproofing. So a lot of these have momentum 
anyway, sealants is a new business, which has got a lot of momentum. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. Extension of this question is, I mean, adhesives, assuming that it's a late 
cycle product to the real estate construction, has that seen pickup from what it used to 
be say a year back or whatever benchmark you want to take or versus the normalized 
growth rate? And what kind of growth rate we are witnessing or we are yet to see that 
improvement? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, if I look at my CAGR, Keyur, even for the adhesives business, we are close to 
double digits. So I mean the business has been robust throughout. Post COVID, what 
has happened is consumers have reinvested a lot in their homes and that has obviously 
benefited all our businesses, especially adhesives. And in fact, if this current real estate 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 13 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
and housing boom continues, then we obviously see adhesives will step up because 
adhesives as you are rightly saying comes at the last stage of the home completion. 
Keyur Pandya: 
So basically, you are saying that current growth in itself is decent growth, but probably 
this pickup is yet to be seen. I mean the pickup will be over and above the current 
growth rate? 
Bharat Puri: 
Yes, hopefully so. 
Keyur Pandya: 
Understood. And just last question on the capex or capacity addition. We have seen a 
lot of capacity addition for various products. So this is more just to cater to the demand? 
Or is there a change in strategy, that too many small plants at various locations and is 
this for all the new products or existing products, any color on where and how we have 
done the capex? I mean after a long time, a discussion is happening on capex from 
Pidilite and we have seen that also that absolute capex has also gone up. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, as far as capex is concerned, again, it is actually for both, even our existing 
products. So for example, your point, we are now building much larger factories for 
existing products. We have just built 2 massive factories in Vizag. Now our biggest 
adhesives factory is, therefore, the 1 in Vizag, which is the most recent factory. The 
biggest coatings factory will also be in Vizag, which has just got commissioned, which 
is again a new factory. 
In addition to that, the new categories, obviously, whether it is tile adhesives, we are 
obviously seeing expansion because these require distributed manufacturing. So it's a 
mix of both. Our policy remains, we, as an organization, are, A) very strong believers 
in the India growth story. B) We also believe we are in the right sector at the right time. 
The home improvement is a sector that correlates very well to GDP growth. And 
therefore, as GDP growth steps up, we will see demand step up. So the moment we 
touch 70% to 75% capacity utilization, we start planning new capacity. And the new 
capacity, obviously, now is much larger plants than earlier in locations, hopefully, 
which also give us a competitive advantage. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sir, first, would it be possible for you to quantify the volume growth on a 4-year CAGR 
basis? 
Bharat Puri: 
The 4-year CAGR, as far as volume growth is concerned, will be close to again, if I 
see, exactly 12% to 12.5%. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 14 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
That's helpful. Sir, second, again, the question is on demand, volume growth was really 
good. But when we look at ceramics, wood panel category, cement, all these 
categories, we haven't seen volume growth. It is like single digit. So again, just trying 
to understand how to better understand the growth. 
I appreciate you have answered this in different ways before. But is there any better 
way to look at it probably from a perspective of end user, be it carpenter, painter, 
plumber, from a C&B standpoint or from a B2B, be it joineries or paints or textiles, is 
there a better way to appreciate the delivery on numbers what the company is doing? 
Bharat Puri: 
Let me try, Ritesh. Take for example, we just spoke of tiles. As of now, pretty much 1 
out of any 4 tiles in a household uses any form of tile adhesives. The balance simply 
use cement, right? Therefore, whether the tile industry grows frankly by single digits 
or double digits, our task is to, if I can just take this and increase this by 10% to 15%, 
I have got a growth engine for the next 5 years. 
What we have done, and this is what you know that Pidilite does well, again, for tile 
adhesives, we have created two sales forces. We are working with the tile layer, who's 
called kadiya where we're educating them on the use of the product and then educating 
them in the use of a more premium product. 
So therefore, what I would submit is while some of these categories maybe growing 
slower, our penetration is growing faster, whether it is tile adhesives, now whether it 
is, for example, the use of sophisticated adhesives as far as joineries are concerned. 
Earlier, hot melts were used only by the top end joineries. Now it has become 
something that all of them are using. 
So there's a fair amount of, I would say, user and consumer education along with 
specification work with architects and interior decorators, who are now therefore 
pushing superior products and pushing superior specifications because they want 
things to last. 
So I think things like this are also helping our growth a lot more. I mean the fact that 
we have a sales force that work/s only with users in educating and creating demand, in 
tough times, that really comes into good use. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Right. Sir, if I just had to play a devil's advocate, right, the underlying variables, what 
you indicated, is just a continuous affair that the company indulges in. Then if that is 
the case, then we should not be witnessing the kind of deviation on volume growth that 
we look at it on a year-on-year basis. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 15 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Bharat Puri: 
See, there are so many factors that are in play. And I can't simplistically say that 
therefore, everything is equal. But when I look, the very fact, Ritesh, over a 4-year 
period if we are growing our volumes double digit, then there is obviously something 
right we are doing because none of these categories are showing 4 years of double-
digit CAGR growth. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. Perfect. Sir, my second question basically is on product launches. If you could 
highlight what product launches we had, say, in the last 6 months, 9 months? And are 
there any white spaces that we look to fill over the next year or 2? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, at Pidilite, innovation is always a strong driver of growth. So for all of our 
divisions, we would have launched at least 1 to 2 major products and 1 to 2, what we 
would call, not major, but minor products. So like, for example, in the Fevicol division, 
we have launched a new variant, a very premium variant of Fevicol called Fevicol Hi-
per Star, which is doing extremely well, which is a high gram, very high-quality 
adhesive, which saves a lot of time for the contractor and for the consumer. 
We have launched a whole range of sealants. 2 years back, this was a white space 
largely for us. We have now launched a whole range of sealants. This is completely 
new. In the waterproofing business, we have a whole range of roof sealing products 
and a whole range of exterior products at different price points, which are again 
contributing very well to growth. 
In our higher waterproofing business, we have polyurethane based and polyurea based 
products for ceiling roofs, etcetera, which are again a whole new range. In our art 
material business, for example, you would have seen the relaunch of Glue Drops, you 
would have work around Fevicreate, WD-40 has some work going on with some 
packaging innovations. So you will see  at Pidilite, our objective is 1/3 of my growth 
must come out of innovations launched in the last 24 months. And that is what we keep 
pushing towards, and that's one of our, again, strong drivers of growth. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. This is helpful. Sir, just lastly, you did indicate on the paint side, basically, would 
it be possible for you to give some numbers, anything around the aspiration side that 
we would like to have on the revenue and EBITDA? 
Bharat Puri: 
As I said, listen, I will leave paint. There are enough gorillas trying to fight it out. Let 
them worry about how many plants. We are quietly just completing our range. It is not 
something substantial that impacts our numbers. So I mean, this is not a big initiative 
from Pidilite where we put up 3 plants or 4 or 5 plants as others would have put up. 
We are going slowly, steadily in small town India where we believe we have a 
competitive advantage. We are testing that out. If that works, we will come back to 
you. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 16 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Ritesh Shah: 
But sir, would it be fair to assume that this business on a separate basis, it will be 
positive at the EBITDA level? 
Bharat Puri: 
Over a period of time, it has to be positive. In the initial stages, we may choose to 
invest. But yes, I mean, at Pidilite, we haven't launched anything which doesn't have 
the right gross margins. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Sure. And sir, lastly, on waterproofing, would it be possible for you to quantify the 
market sizing and where we stand over there? 
Bharat Puri: 
Very, very difficult, my friend. Because remember, waterproofing has 4 distinct 
markets. In new construction, you have institutional, the real estate, the large real estate 
players and then individual housing. And then in repair, you have large institutions, 
factories, very difficult to say. I would say in each of the segments, the competition is 
different. We are probably the only company now that still plays across all of the 
segments. But very difficult because, I mean, each of these, there are widely differing 
estimates depending on the company. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Percy Panthaki from IIFL. 
Percy Panthaki: 
My question is on the volume value gap. You have done a 10% volume, which is a 
UVG number, and 4.5% sales. So that difference of 5.5 percentage points, would I be 
right in assuming that, that is just the pure pricing on a Y-o-Y basis and there is no mix 
included in this 5.5%? 
And if so, can you give some flavor on the different segments and the rough quantum 
of price decline in them? I mean there would not be a uniform price cut across the 
board, right? So it would be helpful if you can sort of give some flavor on the quantum 
of pricing in different product categories. 
Bharat Puri: 
See, to answer to the first part of your question, again, good to hear from you, Percy, 
the first part of your question, yes. Because underlying volume growth anyway takes 
into account the variable or mix. The difference is largely price. 
As far as price is concerned, B2B tends to take price much quicker because we are 
much more used to it. So the B2B price increases will be higher than the B2C. Having 
said that, again, we have such a vast range, I mean, suffice to say that the woodworking 
adhesive, which is the Fevicol part, would be the largest price decrease in the 
Consumer and Bazaar business. Waterproofing would be lesser though there is a 
reduction because a lot of the coatings, also raw materials have come down. In the 
consumer products businesses, there's very little reduction because there's very little  
change in raw materials. There's some, but not substantial. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 17 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
So it's different for different places. In export markets, again, the reduction will be a 
little more than in the domestic market simply because of the lack of duties, etcetera. 
At an overall level, I would say that B2B has a higher price cut, B2C has a lower price 
cut. And between these, woodworking adhesives would be the maximum. It was also 
across the other places. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Understood. And also, if you could give us some flavor on how much of this price cut, 
which is at a net level when we are looking at your net sales, there would be some 
amount which is attributable to increased trade promotion schemes, margins, 
discounts, etcetera, and some amount would be the actual reduction in the end 
consumer pricing. When I am talking about end consumer, whoever the consumer is, 
whether it's a carpenter or actually homemaker or whatever it is. So if you can give 
some idea on this 5.5% split between these 2 aspects? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, again, different in different divisions, but it is a mix of both. In some cases, where 
we are clear the price reduction is going to stay, we have taken the dealer price itself 
down. Remember, in our case, the consumer price that is marked on the pack, anyway, 
our products, because they are so competitive, they tend to sell much below that. 
So therefore, as far as the consumer is concerned, when we pass on price decreases, 
the consumer sees the impact very clearly because of the competitive nature of the 
product. At an overall level, I won't say it's different for different division but it would 
be a mix of both actual price decreases and simple in-bill rebates, etcetera, because 
then we are seeing the raw materials are soft. 
Percy Panthaki: 
Right. And given where the input costs are right now, supposing if we just make a 
hypothetical assumption that they remain where the input costs are right now, do you 
see any reason to change your prices? Or whatever you have done till now is enough? 
Bharat Puri: 
Largely seems to be enough unless some other areas where we are investing. But where 
we seem to be, we have taken the price cuts. So we believe our price premiums are 
appropriate. So if there are no further reductions in raw materials, I don't see price 
decreases of any substantial nature. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tejash Shah from Avendus Spark. 
Tejash Shah: 
Congrats on good set of numbers. So looking at the 3 key factors for margins, demand 
environment, which is not very buoyant as you called out, our RM scenario, which has 
some tailwinds to offer, and competitive intensity, which I am presuming it is as 
intense as always. How would you like to guide on EBITDA margins trajectory from 
here on? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 18 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Bharat Puri: 
See, we are clear, we have always guided that we always maintain a range. We never 
give a number. The 20% to 24% we are confident of. Now barring, again, I keep saying 
that, listen, in this new geopolitics influenced world, you have to keep looking at it 
quarter-by-quarter. But as I look from where we sit now, I would say the 20% to 24% 
is a safe assumption. 
When raw material prices are benign, as they are now, it would tend towards the higher 
end. When they become a little more volatile or there is some fluctuation, then they 
move towards the lower end. And at this stage, what we would keep looking is how to 
progress further for volume growth. 
Tejash Shah: 
Got it. You spoke about low penetration being the key driver in waterproofing. So from 
a distribution standpoint, what percentage of addressable dealer network universe must 
be stocking Dr. Fixit or our products? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, remember, Dr. Fixit is stocked by three different distinct dealer networks. There 
is the buildings material network, which normally tends to stock products for new 
construction. Remember, a large part of waterproofing, in India, lesser in world over, 
it's 70% is new construction, 30% in renovation. In India because our new construction 
practices are not great, it tends to be the other way around. 
So building material stores, those who stock steel, cement, they tend to stock the new 
construction-related waterproofing products. Paint, hardware, so on tend to stock the 
repair and renovation linked products because in some cases, they may stock both, as 
would be the case with building materials. 
And then you have specialized chemical waterproofing stores, which stock the higher-
end products, which are for institutional, which are for larger housing societies, 
etcetera, which use more sophisticated products. So there is a different dealer network 
depending on the consumer that you are catering to. And to further complicate, what 
tends to happen is that network is different for metros, that network is different for 
mini metros and obviously very different for rural and semi urban. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. And sir, in our channel checks, we are picking up that paint dealer margins and 
rebates are actually increasing sequentially or not. And there is an overlap for our 
distribution, some of our products in the paint products. Are you feeling the pressure 
of crowding out of working capital because there's a rebate that's actually coming with 
higher inventory promises also? So are you feeling any such pressure on our side of 
the business? 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 19 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Bharat Puri: 
That's a good question. Remember, all rebates and extra credits are required when your 
brand is not strong enough or your user-related work is not strong enough or your work 
with the influencer, which is the architect, interior decorator is not strong enough. 
While clearly, in most industries, when margins become healthy as they have become 
for paints and the paints guys have called out price decreases. In fact, I think the paint 
industry just 3, 4 days back has taken another price decrease across their products. So 
paints tend to be far less digesting on increased margins and therefore tend to pass it 
off as rebates earlier and then price decreases later. 
Now obviously, we compete in the same market. We believe, again, we know where 
our product should be priced, vis-a-vis, the others. We maintain that but we are not 
finding pressure either on working capital and credit. Because again, remember, even 
today, the strongest brand in waterproofing is Dr. Fixit. When 9 out of 10 consumers 
are asked to name India's top waterproofing brand that they would consider, they say 
Dr. Fixit. 
Tejash Shah: 
Yes. And sir, last one, any incremental update on NBFC plan that we had revealed last 
quarter? 
Bharat Puri: 
As I was saying in the first question that Abneesh asked, we are just in the process ,the 
pilot which is just being set up. It will be done in 1 south Indian city. We will learn 
from that pilot, and then come back and tell you fellows what our plan is over the next 
2 years. So it's very, very early days. Just we haven't still got off the blocks in terms of 
disbursing money. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Jay Doshi from Kotak Securities. 
Jay Doshi: 
A bookkeeping question. What would be the contribution of top 20 cities to Fevicol 
woodworking portfolio, woodworking adhesive portfolio? 
Bharat Puri: 
Again, very difficult to say. Remember, Jay, that there is a substantial amount.See, 
Fevicol, the fascinating thing is 10% of the cost of furniture is Fevicol. But the 
consumer changes the shop where she buys the product from and changes the plywood 
and the nails, everything else based on the Fevicol price. So there's a high amount of 
wholesale. 
And Fevicol again, in terms of distribution mix to Fevikwik, because Fevikwik is a 5-
rupee product. Pidilite's most distributed product all India would be Fevicol. So I mean 
it’s very difficult to say what is the retail sales in the top 20 cities because for us, Tier 
2, 3 and 4 also tends to be very strong. 

 
Pidilite Industries Limited 
January 24, 2024  
Page 20 of 20 
Regd. Office: Regent Chambers, 7th Floor Jamnalal Bajaj Marg, 208, Nariman Point, Mumbai – 400 021. 
Investor Relations - investor.relations@pidilite.co.in CIN: L24100MH1969PLC014336 
 
 
Jay Doshi: 
Understood. So the idea of asking this question was we are seeing real estate upside at 
least in top 20 cities, if not more. And at some point of time, perhaps you started seeing 
traction in the woodworking portfolio or adhesive segment as well. But perhaps in the 
next 1 year or 2 years, you will see more traction. So the idea was to just understand 
what would be that contribution to your overall sales  
Bharat Puri: 
It would be close to at least half the sales. And yes, hopefully, there will be further 
tractions so on and so forth. Now when you open the newspapers, the first 4 pages are 
real estate ads. So all this real estate that is being sold will come in for completion in 
the next 2 to 3 years. So hopefully, we will see that. But as we see it today, I mean, we 
have seen over the last 2 years, even as I said, post COVID, adhesives demand has 
been fairly healthy. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ritesh Shah from Investec. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Just a quick follow-up, sir. On a 4-year volume CAGR, you gave a number of 12% to 
12.5%. Just wanted to check whether this is organic or basically to dissect how much 
would be organic, how much would be inorganic? 
Bharat Puri: 
See, the only large inorganic in this would be Araldite. Because Araldite is now part 
of a base number which may not have been, but again, Araldite is not so substantial 
that it is going to move the number very greatly. 
Ritesh Shah: 
Okay. So not much of difference. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Sandeep Batra: 
Thank you very much for your interest and continued interest in Pidilite and wishing 
all the participants a very good evening and a good day. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Kotak Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
(This document has been edited to improve readability) 
