   
 
 
 
 
 
Casting the Future 
 
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited, Gat No. 1426, Shikrapur,                T: +91 21 3767 7100 
www.alicongroup.co.in  
Tal. Shirur, Dist: Pune – 412 208, Maharashtra – India          F: +91 21 3767 7130 
 
 
 
 
. Ref No.: Alicon/Stock Exch/Letter/2023-16 
 
 
February 19, 2024 
 
To
To
The Manager
The Manager
The Department of Corporate Services
The Listing Department
BSE Limited
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Floor 25, P. J. Towers,
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex,
Dalai Street, Mumbai — 400 001
Bandra (East), Mumbai — 400 051
Scrip Code: 531147 
Scrip Symbol: ALICON 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts Conference Call 
 
We are enclosing herewith the transcript of conference call with analysts, which took place on  
12th February 2024, after announcement of the unaudited Financial Results for quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023. The said transcript is also uploaded on website of the 
Company.  
 
We request you to kindly take the above information on your record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Alicon Castalloy Ltd 
 
 
Amruta Joshi  
Company Secretary  
 
 
AMRUTA 
JEEVAN JOSHI
Digitally signed by 
AMRUTA JEEVAN JOSHI 
Date: 2024.02.19 
18:57:04 +05'30'

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 1 of 29  
 
Alicon Castalloy Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 12, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Alicon Castalloy Limited's 
Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Mayank Vaswani from CDR, India. Thank 
you, and over to you, Mr. Vaswani. 
Mayank Vaswani: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Alicon 
Castalloy Limited's Q3 FY'24 Earnings Call.  
We have with us on the call today, Mr. Vimal Gupta, Group CFO; Mr. Shyam 
Agarwal, Chief Marketing Officer; Mr. Andreas Heim, Managing Director of 
Illichmann Castalloy and Mr. Rajiv Gupta, Head of Domestic Business of Alicon 
Castalloy Limited. 
 
Mr. Vimal Gupta will cover the financial performance for the quarter, following 
which Mr. Agarwal will walk us through the operating highlights. Mr. Andreas 
Heim and Mr. Rajiv Gupta will then provide insights on global and domestic 
markets, respectively. Thereafter, we shall open the call for the Q&A session. 
Before we begin, I would like to point out that some of the statements made in 
today's call may be forward-looking in nature, and a disclaimer to this effect has 
been included in the earnings documents that have been shared with all of you 
earlier. 
I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Vimal Gupta for his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 2 of 29  
Vimal Gupta: 
Good morning to all our investors. Thank you for taking the time out to join our 
earnings call. I trust that all of you have had a chance to review our earnings 
documents, which was shared over the weekend. 
We are delighted to report our highest ever revenue this quarter. As we have 
shared earlier, in recent years, there has been a strategic emphasis on serving 
new technology platforms in the auto industry, expansion into new geographies, 
the addition of capabilities and renewed focus on value engineering. This has 
enabled us to surpass the milestone of Rs. 400 crores in revenue during the 
quarter for the first time ever. And we believe this is a positive sign of things to 
come. 
Our business transformation strategy is guided by five pillars, reflecting our 
commitment to diversify and solidify our growth levers to enable sustainable 
progress.  
 
Scaling strategic products in the ICE business. 
 
Addressing opportunities in carbon-neutral technology, including battery 
electric vehicles, hybrid electric vehicles, fuel cell and hydrogen cell 
technologies.  
 
Exploring opportunities from structural parts or technology-agnostic 
components.  
 
Expanding into non-auto business; leveraging our competencies in sectors 
such as defense, energy and telecom. 
 
Enhancing customer wallet share through value-added products and 
comprehensive solutions.  
Investors should closely track the following key themes that underscore Alicon's 
business transformation or impact into our progress and evolving business model. 
 
So first is, we continue to increase the share of Passenger Vehicle, the 
Commercial Vehicle (CV) in our product mix. This has reached 51% in 9M 
FY'24 compared to 48% in 9M FY'23.  

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 3 of 29  
 
Secondly, our customers profile is evolving with the addition of 
prestigious global names, including leading global OEMs and Tier 1 
companies, highlighting Alicon's growing stature in the industry.  
 
Thirdly, our business composition is shifting towards expertise in design, 
research and development and value engineering. Alicon now 
distinguishes itself by winning businesses based on innovation, technology 
and design, positioning us as a solution provider rather than just a source 
of low-cost components.  
As we continue to adapt and innovate, these themes serve as key indicators for 
investors to assess our ongoing transformation and strategic direction. 
Now turning to the financial performance for the quarter under review. In Q3 
FY'24, total income reached to Rs. 406 crores, that is a 12% increase compared to 
Rs. 362 crores in Q3 FY'23. When we compare with the total income of Rs. 382 
crores in Q2, this indicates sequential quarter growth of 6%. 
Revenue growth has been driven by scaling up the production for the new parts 
and the new logos added recently including many critical parts being supplied to 
marquee customers.  
As a result, we have witnessed an increase in utilization levels, especially at the 
European subsidiary. Total capacity utilization, which was 68% to 70% in Q2 has 
moved to 70% to 71% in Q3.  
The gross margin for the quarter was 51.2% in Q3 FY'24 compared to 49.2% in Q3 
FY'23, higher by 198 basis points on a year-on-year basis. This is primarily due to a 
more favourable product mix accompanied by positive impact of the stabilizing 
alloy prices at lower levels. 
There has been a sharp rise in employee cost, which is higher by 15% on a year-
on-year. Apart from the differences due to increment, there is the impact of ESOP 
cost of around Rs. 3.7 crores for the quarter and Rs. 10.7 crores for the 9-month 
period, which is a non-cash charge. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 4 of 29  
Shifting to our focus to profitability. EBITDA for Q3 FY’24 is Rs. 53 crores, a notable 
increase from Rs. 42 crores in the same quarter of the last year, so increase of 
26.2% on a year-on-year basis. Despite a significant rise in the employee cost, 
EBITDA margin for Q3 FY'24 has improved to 13.1% in comparison to 11.7% in Q3 
FY'23. I'm pleased to share that we have reported an improvement in our EBITDA 
margin by 136 basis points on a year-on-year basis and by nearly 74 basis points 
on quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Importantly, if we adjust the non-cash charge for the ESOP cost, the adjusted 
EBITDA margin is 13.3% this quarter. This is an increase of over 180 basis points on 
a year-on-year basis. Some of you would recall our prior earnings call, where we 
had indicated that we will increase our EBITDA margin by 100 basis points in 
FY'24. We have already achieved that in the first 9 months itself and we'll 
endeavour to build on this further. We continue to remain confident about the 
general upward direction in margin, given the improving product mix. 
Finance Cost was higher by 24% on a year-on-year basis from Rs. 8 crores to Rs. 10 
crores, in line with the higher interest rates. We also witnessed increase in the 
depreciation, which was higher by 24% on a year-on-year basis from Rs. 16 crores 
to in quarter 3 last year to Rs. 20 crores in the Q3 FY'24.  
The increase in depreciation has been driven by 2 factors. One, we have taken 
some machines on lease and as per the accounting standards, we have to factor a 
maximum useful life of 5 years, which resulted in a higher depreciation cost. 
Secondly, we reevaluated and shortened the useful life of some other assets, 
which has also contributed to the increase in depreciation.  
As a result of higher finance cost and depreciation, profit after tax for the Q3 
FY'24 is Rs. 17 crores as compared to Rs. 16 crores in Q3 FY'23, higher by 5% year-
on-year basis. On a sequential quarter, profit after tax was higher by 15% from  
Rs. 15 crores to Rs. 17 crores. 
For the 9 months ending December '23, revenue was Rs. 1,142 crores against  
Rs. 1,084 crores in the corresponding period last year, growing by 5%. The gross 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 5 of 29  
margin during the 9M FY’24 stood at 50.6% against compared to 48.5% in the 9M 
FY'23. 
EBITDA for the 9M FY'24 stood at Rs. 140 crores against Rs. 124 crores in 9M 
FY'23, higher by 13% year-on-year basis. Profit after tax 9M FY'24 stood at Rs. 41 
crores against Rs. 42 crores in 9 months of the last year. In terms of capex, we 
have spent around Rs. 84 crores during the 9-month period, which is in line with 
our target capex deployment of around Rs. 90 crores in Financial Year '24. 
Coming to the outlook. As we have indicated in the prior quarter, the second half 
of the year will see an improvement in the revenue, given the healthy pipeline of 
SOP from new products and new customers. While we had delivered year-on-year 
revenue growth of 2% in the first half, after the strong third quarter, the year-on-
year revenue growth for the 9 months period has increased to 5%.  
Given the muted base of the fourth quarter last year and the strong momentum in 
current performance, we continue to believe that we will end Financial Year '24 
with a revenue growth of 13% to 14% for the full year. Thereafter, we are poised 
to take our business to newer heights as we aim to deliver a revenue of over Rs. 
2,200 crores by FY'2025-26. So, this equates to a CAGR of over 16% over a period 
of 3 years. Our confidence stems from the new orders, which we have received 
and the discussions with the customers of new technologies and solutions. 
If we look into our track record with our customers, including some marquee 
global names. You will notice that these customers initiated the relationship with 
Alicon with 1 or 2 parts. They monitor our approach and carefully observe the 
QCDD parameters or the Quality, Cost, timeliness and completeness of the 
Delivery and gauge our overall Development capabilities. Once they are confident 
about the comprehensive approach towards these initial parts, they proceed to 
expand the scope of the business relationship to offer both critical parts with the 
higher value addition.  
We are now past the stage of development of initial products with Daimler, JLR, 
Toyota, Stellantis and Maruti Suzuki. Our initial products are already into or will 
shortly commence SOP. Having garnered their trust and confidence, we are now 
in active discussion on additional parts and currently working on solutions and 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 6 of 29  
seeking value addition. This will help us scale up relationship and each of these 
global customers and position us to win a larger share of our business from each 
of them. 
As we scale our volumes and consequently revenue, we expect this will be 
accompanied by an improved margin profile. We have talked about aspiring to 
take the EBITDA margin to around 14%. In Q3 FY'24, the reported EBITDA margin 
of 13.1%, adjusting the one-time expense of ESOP costs, which is a noncash 
charge brings the adjusted margin to 14%. We are looking to drive efficiencies 
across our balance sheet and working capital which will contribute to enhanced 
return ratios too. 
On that note, I would like to hand over to Mr. Shyam Agarwal:, who will talk about 
operating highlights of the business. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Thank you, Vimalji. Greetings to all of you.  
We have steadily enhanced the performance in each quarter of the financial year 
and the initiative to strengthen and grow the business have helped us to post our 
best ever quarterly revenue. 
In addition to strong double-digit growth in revenue, we have witnessed 
improvement in margins. Further, the outlook remains promising with steady 
assertion to the order backlog. Overall, it has been a solid quarter with progress 
demonstrated across all key parameters. 
Coming to some of the key business programs this quarter. For Toyota, where we 
supply cylinder head to their hybrid models, we have witnessed a ramp-up in 
volumes during the quarter, and our production is running in full swing to meet 
the increased demand.  
Toyota is coming up with their third plant in India. They have already signed a 
MoU with government of Karnataka for setting up the plant near Bidadi at 
Bengaluru. This will provide them incremental production capacity of about 1 lakh 
vehicles per annum. As we are an approved supplier, we will aim to capitalize on 
the opportunity to increase volume with this enhanced capacity. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 7 of 29  
In quarter 3, we commenced supply of cylinder heads to Stellantis India, which is 
for domestic market and will also be assembled and exported to Europe. Stellantis 
is seeking to create an engine manufacturing hub in Hosur in India and Alicon is a 
single source supplier of cylinder head for those engines. During the third quarter, 
volumes have picked up, and it will further increase in quarter 4 and onwards. 
With this business, Alicon has developed a model plant imbibing cutting edge 
technology and automation for this product, which will add in the development of 
the product. This will also serve as a demonstration plant to other global 
customers of the capabilities and the global standards they can expect when 
partnering with Alicon. 
As anticipated, supplies of cylinder head to Maruti Suzuki scaled further during 
the quarter. The sales and production will increase further in quarter 4 with the 
start of supply to Gujarat plant to Suzuki. In addition to this, one more cylinder 
head supply will commence from quarter 4. The volume of both cylinder heads 
combined will provide significant volume increase in financial year 2025 from 
Maruti Suzuki. 
We expect better level of activities in quarter 4 and into the next financial year, 
given the visibility provided by the commencement of supplies, for these parts 
expected increase in volume for active parts and SOP, for few parts under 
development, all of which will contribute to enhanced revenue momentum. 
The other aspect to highlight is improving product mix. Alongside the increasing 
share of products for ICE, being supplied to Passenger Vehicles and Commercial 
Vehicles is the increasing share of business catering to the EV and carbon-neutral 
segment. The share of business from EVs is into double digits at 11% for 9M FY'24, 
and has nearly doubled from 6% share in the 9-month period last year.  
We expect product mix to be further enriched as all of the new business that we 
have won this quarter is for supplying parts for 4-wheeler and to global 
customers, which is aligned to our strategy of focusing on higher value parts. 
Moving beyond the lever of product mix and customer set, we have also 
implemented initiatives aimed at providing operational excellence and elevating 
our competitiveness. We have enhanced the machining capacity at Shikrapur 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 8 of 29  
facility with installation of advanced equipment. Enriching the competencies will 
aid in enhancing customer wallet share while raising the proportion of value 
addition. Further, we have added a machine of larger size, which can manufacture 
parts up to 2 meters in length, enhancing the capability of the European 
operation.  
We have also augmented our team by adding personnel with rich experience in 
project engineering, toolmaking and single components to add their know-how to 
our operation. To this end, we are also actively recruiting experts in casting and 
machining, strengthening our global team.  
To further sharpen manufacturing prowess and process expertise, we are 
proactively deploying digital process controls. This involves incorporating machine 
intelligence to add an extra layer of supervision to our production process, 
ensuring elevated precision and efficiency. The implementation of these controls 
will not only empower us with real-time data, but will also play a pivotal role in 
actively managing operations and furnishing valuable insights for informed 
decision-making moving forward. 
In the area of cost competitiveness, our efforts towards diversifying the energy 
mix are bearing fruit. As we have shared earlier, solar panels have been installed 
on the rooftop of our plant in India and in Europe. Further, we have acquired 
share in solar installation and initiated a solar power agreement of 5.2 megawatts, 
which will enable us to achieve equivalent credit for the units, which are fed into 
national grid. This will be operational in August 2024. And units fed into the grid 
will adjust against the units we consume at our manufacturing plant. With these 
initiatives, the percentage of solar in our energy mix will cross 50%.  
These factors are serving to enhance the differentiation of Alicon in the global 
marketplace. In addition is our USP of being able to serve our customers, both in 
India as well as from our plant in Europe. The simultaneous presence in domestic 
and international locations helps as a key differentiator and prove advantageous 
in negotiations with global customers. 
On this note, I would like to hand over to Mr. Andreas Heim, who will cover the 
development in the international business for the quarter. Andreas, over to you. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 9 of 29  
Andreas Heim: 
Thank you, Shyam. Good afternoon, everyone.  
The international business has delivered a strong performance with scale up by 
customers and improved visibility of performance due to the increased pace of 
additions.  
One of the key developments was the approval of the prototype of the e-Axle for 
JLR with schedule for commencement of supplies also being concluded. During 
quarter 3, we commenced the initial product supplies of this e-Axle housing. 
Further, we've seen an increase in the volume by 3x in the auto business. 
A couple of important perspectives to share about the JLR order. Given the 
criticality of the order and the stature of the customer as a leading manufacturing, 
we extended ourselves in order to win the business. We involved partners from 
Europe for mould-making, part development, and machining to ensure that we 
derisk the project. We were very keen to ensure the specifications were met, that 
we got it right the first time and to shorten lead time for the customer. The 
degree of involvement extended by us was highly appreciated by JLR and their 
teams significantly improved the engagement and coordination at the 
development stage, which was a key factor in achieving the degree of success that 
we are sharing with all of you today. JLR has recognized that Alicon is not merely 
offering a product, but it's equally invested in offering solutions. 
Secondly, we have highly diversified product range, which allows the customers to 
view us as a single source supplier. Customers realize that they can produce their 
requirements for ICE, hybrid and EV vehicles from a single supplier and hence, 
they do seek out one-stop solutions. 
During the quarter, we are also won an order from Oberaigner. This is for an 
electric drive unit, or EDU, which Oberaigner requires for developing all-wheel 
drives for light commercial vehicles. This will result in overall supply to the 
prominent LCV manufacturers in Europe, such as Daimler and Volkswagen. 
Other prominent customers such as Dana, Danfoss, TACO and Mahle, which we 
have started with small projects, is now in discussions to add more sustainable 
business. We anticipate better growth from these global names in the coming 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 10 of 29  
years. In addition, for direct supplies to OEMs, we were equally engaged with Tier 
1 suppliers where we provide solutions. As we continue to observe strong growth 
potential for several Tier 1 suppliers in their chosen niches, we believe there will 
be a cascading effect to Alicon for supply of product. 
With these developments, the global business contributed to 28% of the total 
revenue during the quarter and 23% during the 9 months compared to 20% in 
quarter 2 and 21% in the 6 months period, indicating accretion in international 
business in a single quarter.  
The share of international business can improve further as during the quarter, we 
added 13 new parts from 4 customers. This includes 2 parts from EV or carbon 
neutral and 11 parts from ICE. All 13 parts pertain to international business. In 
carbon-neutral business, we added another part from Scania for the European 
market, and we have also added 1 part from Danfoss. In the ICE segment, we 
further added 8 new parts from Daimler Europe and 3 parts from Oberaigner. 
In terms of operating landscape, we see normalcy returning in Europe. Electricity 
and gas prices are stable. And availability has also improved. In terms of raw 
materials, aluminum prices have been less volatile than in the past. For 
diversifying our energy mix, we installed solar panels on the rooftop of the 
manufacturing facility, and these have been running live since January enabling us 
to reduce energy costs and enhance our sustainability footprint. 
With that, I will hand over the call now to Mr. Rajiv Gupta, who will take you 
through the developments in the domestic business. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Thank you, Andreas. Good day, everyone.  
In Q3 FY'24, auto dispatches by industry showed an improved performance, 
especially the 2-wheeler segment, which witnessed healthy double-digit Y-o-Y 
growth. This includes 5% growth in Passenger Vehicle segment on a year-on-year 
basis, 6% growth in the Commercial Vehicle segment on a Y-o-Y basis and 19% 
growth in 2-wheeler segment on Y-o-Y basis. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 11 of 29  
Within the Passenger Segment, there is clearly dominance of UVs with both 
customer interest and market share steadily rising. Other categories within PV 
segment still face mixed demand. The domestic Commercial Vehicle industry 
volumes continued to do well, and there was an increase of 6% Y-o-Y in the 
segment despite seasonality on account of good momentum in the infrastructure 
and construction segment as well as steady growth and economic activity, as 
indicated by GST collections. 
The domestic 2-wheeler industry was expected to benefit from higher volumes on 
account of festive season while there has been improved momentum and base 
quarter last year was impacted due to drop in demand on account of OBD 
regulations. Further, we believe the electric 2-wheeler players are yet to regain 
lost ground. However, there are signs of stabilization and impending launch of 
new models is likely to kick start the demand cycle.  
Compared to this, at Alicon we saw the following trends:  
 
31% growth in sales to Passenger Vehicle segment on Y-o-Y basis 
 
9% growth in sales to Commercial segment on a Y-o-Y basis; 
 
8% growth in sales to 2-wheeler segment on Y-o-Y basis. 
In terms of new business, we commenced the supply of one cylinder head to 
Maruti Suzuki. We are also working on development of one more cylinder head, 
which is for an SUV platform. As the demand of SUVs is robust and market share 
continues to rise, we expect this product to provide significant volumes once it 
enters production phase. 
From Daimler, we added new business comprising a large package with 
commitment for long-term supplies. The product that we have added envisages 
supplies commencing from 2026 with expected delivery up to 2035. With the 
increasing engagement, we are in discussion for further businesses and to offer 
further solutions in upcoming models. 
Even the 2-wheeler customers such as Honda, Hero, Royal Enfield, are projecting 
strong set of numbers for the coming quarters, which will help Alicon to gain more 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 12 of 29  
volume of business. We also see some revival in momentum in the non-auto with 
the increasing spend of the government infrastructure and defense and the 
renewed vigor for Make in India campaign. 
As you may be aware, for the last several years, we have been supplying 
aluminum wheels to enable light-weighting of battle tanks. With a healthy level of 
demand witnessing for our products, catering to the defense sector, we are now 
in discussion on a new tender in this quarter for supplies of products comprising 
road wheels as well as cylinder head, which is to be commenced on an immediate 
basis. Further, we are in discussion to add products for the larger size battle tanks. 
During Q3 FY'24, Alicon has booked new orders aggregating Rs. 682 crores. With 
this, our total new order booking has reached to Rs. 9,000 crores, which is 
executable over a period of 6 years from 2023-'24 up to 2028-'29. Please note that 
this is a net new business and the products for which SOP has already commenced 
and expected to continue and are not a part of this number. 
Some steps being taken to enhance our competitiveness include the initial phases 
of our automation journey. Our roadmap has been devised to access areas ripe for 
automation within our processes. We are diligently evaluating the advantages and 
efficiencies that this paradigm shift can bring, segmenting components of our 
processes into different stages as -- one ready for fully automation; second, ready 
for partial automation; and third, not suitable for automation.  
We believe the benefits are manifold and expect automation to not only yield cost 
efficiencies, but also evaluate process excellence and product already throughout 
our operational landscape. 
On this note, we can open the floor for questions. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the first question from the line of Yash Dalal from Sushil Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 
Yash Dalal: 
Firstly, congratulations for the management for achieving record revenues this 
quarter. So, I had a few questions. First was, what is the volume growth in Q3? 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 13 of 29  
And what is the fall in realization this quarter due to raw material price fall? Could 
you please guide us on the same? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes, in the case of quarter 3, we have noted an increase of 12% over the last year 
quarter 3 
Vimal Gupta: 
And 5% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. What is your second question? 
Yash Dalal: 
Yes. So, what was the fall in realization this quarter due to raw material price fall? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes. For the quarter, actually, when we worked out this due to the impact of 
aluminum prices. So, for the full year, we are estimating approximately Rs. 50 
crores is the impact. That converts into about 3% of the sales. So that is the 
impact. So, when we are talking about to reach our full year growth of 
approximately 13% to 14%. So, you can add up, so easily we can take 16% to 17% 
in real numbers. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. And so, we were focusing on the reduction of noise parts. What has been 
the contribution this quarter? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Yash. I will take this question. So, for the noise part, as you know, it's part of 
our strategy and the customer also because when they place the order, they place 
the order in a bunch that we have to take the small volume part as well as the 
high-volume part also. So, we cannot deny our customers to give us the low 
volume part. 
However, in isolation, if some low volume parts are coming, so we generally deny 
those parts. And the earlier prevailing part, which were in the production is now 
going out with the life of those products are pending. So, we are reducing 
significantly the noise parts. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. And so, another question is, you have mentioned previously ROCE to 
be at 25% when we reach our guided revenue of Rs. 2,200 crores. Are we on track 
for that? 
Vimal Gupta: 
ROCE, 25%. So, we have not given the guidance. For 25% ROCE guidance, that is 
our aim. That is the goal. But by 2025-26, so that is a difficult target what we are 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 14 of 29  
talking about. So, because year-on-year, there will be growth. And we have a good 
target for maybe we can say on at least 2% year-on-year basis every year, some 
improvement we can see in the ROCE. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. And any capacity additions needed for FY'25 and FY'26? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Yes, in fact, we are talking about the continuous growth, and we have given the 
guidance for FY'25, FY'26 for Rs. 2,200 crores plus, and we are moving from small 
parts to bigger and critical parts. So, we need some of the new equipment all this. 
So, in this year, we have guided approximately more than Rs. 80 crores, we have 
already invested in the 9 months. And for the full year, maybe 100 plus, we will be 
there. And next year, now we are adding more capacities to be ready for FY'25, 
FY'26. So maybe Rs. 120 crores to Rs. 130 crores at this moment, the expectation 
is for the investment in the next year. 
Yash Dalal: 
Okay. Okay. All right. And just a final question. So, the ESOP impact, what will be 
the impact continuing in the next financial year? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Next year, a very small impact because this year, approximately around Rs. 15 
crores impact will be there. But next year, maybe Rs. 3 crores to Rs. 4 crores, not 
more than that. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Jyoti Singh from Arihant Capital 
Markets Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Sir, congratulations on the good execution and better set of order books. Sir, my 
question is on the export side first. Is there any seasonality pattern in H2? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Our global numbers, yes, we noted have increased in quarter 3 also, and that was 
led with an opportunity of delivering a critical part to Jaguar. So, talking of global 
market numbers, we're in discussion with existing customers where the 
anticipated volumes will be muted, not that aggressive. But Alicon is able to grow 
more against those numbers as we are penetrating with more of such parts with 
existing and also tapping new customers. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 15 of 29  
So yes, going forward, we see volume might be on lower side of the auto industry 
in global terms, but we see we are going to overpass those numbers with the 
additions what we have done in the past and also being aggressive going forward. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, Jyoti for this quarter, we have reached the global sales of 28%. And you made 
a comparison for the last year, it was, I think, 20%, 21%. So, there is a big jump in 
the numbers. And continuously, as we are explaining that our focus is on the 
global business. So, we are expecting to grow year-on-year in this global business. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Sir, we have done very good on the year-on-year basis, but if we see on a 
month-on-month basis, so that's not that great. So, any reason for that, sir? 
Vimal Gupta: 
We have not achieved on quarter-on-quarter basis which numbers. 
Jyoti Singh: 
No, no. I'm asking a month-on-month basis. So, like, if I compare December to 
January, so like it's not that great.  
Rajeev Sikand: 
Where you are coming from those numbers are not clear because we have not 
declared any month-on-month numbers. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes. Fine, sir, we can discuss on that later. So like my next question is on the 
Maruti side. Like we're going to get the order from Maruti Gujarat plant. So, are 
there any product besides cylinder head or only will be doing the cylinder head 
part? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Cylinder is an ‘A-class’ part where we try to gather or participate with our 
customers. There are other opportunities also when we talk about a low pressure 
and GDC what we are into. But our main focus is cylinder heads because it's ‘A-
class’ part and gives you good recognition and value addition to customers. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Jyoti, mainly that we need to understand like from Maruti Suzuki. You know the 
volumes, what kind of volume we are having and first of all, this entry into 
cylinder head. And at present, we are having very low volumes, approximately 
40,000 to 50,000 this year on that basis. But now we are increasing that wallet 
and giving the opportunity to enter into their models. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 16 of 29  
So, like when we are talking about, it was 1.2 liter, so 1 liter, 1.5 liters. So, all these 
new models are coming up. And in the coming period, we are expecting to deliver 
good numbers for the FY2024-25. So that is the first big opportunity we are 
having. And maybe we'll see that based on the performance. So, the opportunities 
are there for the other new parts. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Jyoti, I would like to add. You already know that the relationship between 
Maruti Suzuki and Toyota. And we are already supplying the hybrid cylinder head 
to Toyota, which is a very, very complex part. And first time in the history of 
Toyota, they have outsourced the cylinder head. And Toyota will assemble the 
engines for the hybrid in their plant to supply to Maruti Suzuki.  
So that way, Maruti Suzuki is also very confident about the capacity and the 
capability of Alicon. And that is also helping us to increase the turnover and the 
business relationship with Maruti. And as Vimal sir explained, Maruti owns almost 
45% share of business for the Indian market. So those will be a huge number for 
Alicon.  
Jyoti Singh: 
Yes. And sir, another like we are doing in 2-wheeler, almost 50% market share in 
the 2-wheeler cylinder head. So similarly, we are targeting in the 4-wheeler? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. That's what we were trying to explain. So ideally, this 4-wheeler cylinder 
head, if you go back, see traditional way, it was being manufactured at customer 
end before it was ‘A-class’ critical part, which customers were not willing to offer 
or share the know-how to others. But we got this traditionally the cylinder head 
for 4-wheelers they're doing in-house, or they were offloading to a technical 
partner who has expertise in this domain. 
But we got this entry into the cylinder head way back in 2018 when Renault came 
to India and were very aggressive on price and we're looking for suppliers who can 
match that price and deliver such a critical part. So, we've got renowned with 
Renault for India eventually after a year. We got this opportunity to supply to 
their Brazil location. This gave a lot of visibility to existing and upcoming 
customers. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 17 of 29  
Secondly, then we got this opportunity with Toyota when they're recognized our 
successful deliveries. And as Mr. Shyam explained, first time in history of Toyota 
they outsourced, and they were comfortable with Alicon. And this is a history of 
70 years. 
Thereafter, we got again a breakthrough with Stellantis. So Stellantis, they came 
up in India again 2 years ago, and they are aiming to make engines of 300,000 a 
year. It’s a big volume for India as well as for global market. So, there are also we 
got an entry supplying cylinder heads for 100% volumes. 
And even for that cylinder head, we made our modern plant with a lot of 
automations, like auto boring, the core extraction, casting extraction. So, we 
made our moder sale to explain our customers and prospective customers. So 
basically, these steps again, the customers understood that even Alicon, there's a 
company who can deliver such critical part and can participate in the upcoming 
developments and also like Maruti now started offloading the cylinder. 
So going forward, we are aiming to increase penetration with our existing 
domestic customers and also to explore the global customers, which in coming 
quarters, you might see because strong discussions have already started with few 
global customers, which we see an opportunity to convert in coming quarters. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So Jyoti, we conclude your question, so 2-wheeler, we are already down from 50% 
to 42%. So that share is going down, and the 4-wheeler has started increasing. 
And hopefully, next 3 to 4 years, we will have a much, much bigger share of  
4-wheeler compared with the 2-wheelers. So, 2-wheelers being on the lower side 
in comparison to the 4-wheeler. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. And sir, my next question is on the JLR orders. So, like could you offer 
insight into the JLR orders, specifically expected quarterly delivery volumes, if we 
can disclose please? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. So, this order, we bagged almost 1.5 years ago. And this is a big order. These 
are 2 parts ideally of 28 kg. So ideally 2 parts to 1 vehicle with a volume of 250,000 
a year. And this is one of the critical and complex part for the EV vehicle. And this 
is for the existing ICE Range Rover and Land Rovers, which you see on the roads, 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 18 of 29  
so ideally, they're going to replace those models with EV. So, this will go to that 
platform. It's a huge opportunity where they're anticipating covering global 
volumes. 
Talking about our supplies, we started this development, initial supplies from 
Europe as a soft tooling, which you have noted that we have already started 
supplies in this quarter. Eventually, we see volumes in coming 1 or 2 quarters. And 
we are now already in full fledge execution plan to deliver this part from our 
Indian locations. So, we are planning to submit the initial samples in next couple 
of quarters and thereafter to start supplies in the coming years. 
Vimal Gupta: 
We have already started supplies in the year of FY2023-24. So, we have seen the 
impact in quarter 3 of the current year as well as it will continue because quarter 
4 and then quarter 1 of the next year, quarter 2. But these are the proto 
businesses and because it is in development stage. And March volume will start 
from FY2025-26. So, in the FY2025-26, hopefully, they will have the volume of 
around 150,000 to 170,000 numbers. So that is the expectation. So maybe Rs. 100 
crores to Rs. 200 crores addition in the sales we can see from there. 
Jyoti Singh: 
Okay. Sir, my last question on the growth side. So, like what are the expectations 
for the FY'25 and FY'26? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, sales for FY'25-26 our target is INR2,200 crores. And hopefully, we should be 
able to achieve that, and we are in the right direction. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from H.G. Hawa 
and Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
What are the chances that we move our capacity utilization up to like at least 
above 80% levels because only that will improve our ROCE and ROE quite well. 
And what does it need as far as shop floor changes? Or is it that the orders that 
we have received are having some time gaps, due to which we are not able to 
reach the capacity utilization? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So I'll just explain this. So first one, you are talking about that how to improve our 
capacity utilization. So mainly, we have to understand the processes here because 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 19 of 29  
there are fluctuating volumes, and we have to keep our capacities idle for the 
customers' volume fluctuation because it is not constant and there is a 
consistency in the volumes. So that takes around 15% to 20% that capacity, we 
have to keep idle. 
And secondly is that every time we are talking about, what are the structural 
changes coming in the Alicon business. So, all machines we are using, they are not 
100% convertible from one part to another part. So somewhere we have to use a 
dedicated machine for the particular parts. 
So when business shifting is happening from a smaller part from 2-wheeler to 
when we are moving to the critical parts. So, 100% utilization and conversion will 
not happen. So, some capacities of some machines, we will have to keep idle for 
this and add new machines. And when we are talking about the utilization, when 
we are going for the new businesses also, so like when we are adding the 
machines here in this year or maybe '23, '24. 
So we have to put the capacities, but the utilization and maybe 70% or 80% will 
happen maybe after 6 months and 9 months after putting up the capacities. And 
during that period, we have to put another capacity, so this is a continuous 
process. So that makes our capacity idle for maybe 25% to 30%. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
So, then what is the second method of improving the ROC, ROE? Because 
whatever you may say about product mix and all, the ROC and ROE doesn't come 
that means it's not a very capital efficient business. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, we need capital, but you see that in the last 4, 5 years, the continuous 
improvement in the ROC, ROE, you will find. And this year also, we are going to 
improve more than 2%. And that I'm explaining so maybe next 2 to 3 years, we 
should be able to cross 20%. So that is the first target we are having. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Manas Jain from Jus Enterprises. Please go 
ahead. 
Manas Jain: 
Just one bookkeeping question. So, the incremental sales, what we have delivered 
from quarter-on-quarter, I believe this is more pertaining to Maruti and Toyota. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 20 of 29  
So is this being recorded from the European entity or because I thought that 
incremental change was in the consolidated numbers. So, I just wanted to clarify 
that. 
Vimal Gupta: 
This Maruti, what we are seeing that now is there is a structural change 
happening in Alicon Group sales. So, like when we are explaining the growth in the 
sales of Maruti and Toyota. So, on the other side, we are also seeing that the 2-
wheeler sales is not up to that level of that industry is performing. So, the main 
growth this quarter has come from the Europe because earlier this JLR 
development prototype business, everything was planned in India.  
But now seeing the criticality, so it was decided by the management and the 
Board to do all these developments in Europe due to the availability of the 
machines, availability of the technology, the technical people, the tooling. So, it is 
not like that in Europe, it is happening, but Indian sales is happening in Europe. 
That was supposed to happen earlier in India. 
Manas Jain: 
Okay. And second question is, I mean, what is the anticipated growth rate we are 
seeing for next year? I believe I understand you said 16% CAGR. But just next year, 
what is your guidance? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So, it is a very rough idea because we are also in discussion with our customers. 
But our expectation is between 16% to 18% growth at least. 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from the line of Prolin, an individual investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Prolin: 
I have one suggestion, right? I mean can you be kind enough to improve your 
order book quarter-on-quarter in your presentation so that we can see a clear 
trend of what is happening in the last 8 to 10 quarters? So that is on the 
suggestion side. 
Just coming to the larger question of your order book, right? I mean you 
mentioned a number, right? I mean can you give me some construct in terms of 
what does this order book constitutes, right? I mean, in terms of 2-wheeler, 4-

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 21 of 29  
wheeler, EV, non-EV, defense, non-auto? Can you give some picture on what is 
the order book looking like? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Yes. So, this order of what we have booked till now, if we see from the outlook of 
sales from 2023-24 to 2028-29... 
Vimal Gupta: 
Just to give a little background and then Rajiv give the complete structure of the 
sale. So first of all, the order book, what we are talking about is around Rs. 9,000 
crores. That will start base year of FY2023-24. In the current year 2023-24, out of 
this, maybe approximately Rs. 700-plus crores, already we are going to execute it. 
So he is going to give this breakup because we are not considering the old stuff 
that has already happened till FY2022-23. 
Prolin: 
Sure. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
To talk about the contribution of this order book, around 32% goes with the EV 
part. So, this is again where we wanted to enter and we are very happy and 
pleased to share that we have done quite well in this area where a lot of 
companies still in India are just starting up to end up. 
Second, even on technology agnostic where we are aiming to leave a good mark 
that we have touched around 6%.  
Vimal Gupta: 
Technology agnostic is that where it doesn't matter whether we are 
manufacturing, it is going for ICE or EV. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
If we see further exports are around 55% to 56%. 
Vimal Gupta: 
So that is the major thing is going to happen when we are targeting to export, to 
contribute, export means this global business, including our European facilities. 
So, 50% of the total revenues that we are targeting. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
And if you see segment-wise, this contributes around 80% to 84%, the 4-wheelers 
where we were aiming to increase our share. So just around 10% to 12% is to 2-
wheeler, the rest is to the 4-wheelers where we were aiming to increase our 
penetration. So, there we also have done well as per our strategy. 
 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 22 of 29  
Vimal Gupta: 
So, this is another answer to the Jyoti Singh: from, I think, Arihant. So it is the 
structural change in 2-wheeler and 4-wheeler. So major contribution will come 
from the 4-wheeler and going to replace the 2-wheeler for major contribution. 
Prolin: 
And non-auto would be what part of order book, sir? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Non-auto looks to be around 4% to 5%. 
Prolin: 
Okay. And in case if some of these discussions that we are having on defense side, 
in case if they fructify, I assume that the thing that you mentioned, right, I mean, 
on the defense, the comment that you made, that is not part of your Rs. 9,000 
crores order book. So can we see that in case if some of these discussion on 
defense turnout to be in our favor, the share of non-auto will go up. Is that a fair 
way to look at it? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Prolin, just to update, like those numbers, what we are in discussion with the 
defense team is not included in Rs. 9,000 crores, that is true. So that will be over 
and above the Rs. 9,000 crores. But secondly, what is happening, our order book is 
so high with the automotive businesses that if you see the percentage down, 
although we are in the non-auto in the absolute value, but in percentage term, it 
always looks low because we are playing a much bigger role in the automotive. 
Prolin: 
Sure. Sure. Correct. And one more question on my side. I have been tracking your 
company for quite some time now, right? What I find a bit difficult to understand 
is that we have such a large order book, right? I mean, such marquee customers. 
The transformation here that you talk about from 2-wheeler to 4-wheeler is 
happening in order book is very visible. But that is yet to see its true colors in the 
form of revenue. 
So, what I understand is that let's say, for example, this year, we will end up 
somewhere between Rs. 1,450 crores to Rs. 1,550-odd crores. So, there is a part 
of that revenue which, in a way, is a drag, which in a way is reducing, which in a 
way you consciously also want to reduce, right, because you want to move away 
from that. Because if I look at your this year's revenue of Rs. 1,400, I mean, let's 
say, Rs. 1,550 crores, INR700 crores is coming from incremental order book, which 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 23 of 29  
means that there is a part of the business, which is dragging our overall numbers, 
right? 
Could you quantify what part of our business is declining, right? I mean for 
whatsoever reason, conscious or market-related reasons, right, in some sense? 
And in which year do we see that this incremental order book will probably be 
more than enough to take care of this drag that you're talking about? So, can you 
just philosophically help me understand this question? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Well, in this, actually, what is happening, we are already explaining that we are 
reducing the business side of this noise businesses. We have stopped this. And 
there is a life cycle of products. So maybe 5 years, 7 years. So, some parts are 
already going down, the volumes are going down, and maybe when they are 
contributing maybe Rs. 50 crores. Now the contribution is gone to Rs. 5 crores or 
Rs. 10 crores. So that is a continuous process that is going to happen. And it will 
continue. And as well as when we are going for the new businesses, earlier maybe 
the life cycle of the part was 10 years or 12 years and maybe I've seen 15 years. 
But now it is reducing to 6 to 7 years.  
So that is happening, and that is the reason if you add from the existing business 
and the new businesses, so that will not end up in the total sales. So definitely, 
that is definitely the decline in the regular already running businesses. 
This is our management strategic decision because if we want to increase our top 
line, it is very easy for us. There are reduced prices or something realization due to 
the customers. Immediately, I will be flooded with the order book. 
But our aim is to improve the bottom line, now you're seeing that people are 
asking for the ROCE improvement, the EBITDA margin improvement, PAT 
improvement. So, all this happens when we see that I have to somewhere -- I have 
to compromise on the low-margin businesses. 
Prolin: 
Yes. So how do we quantify, sir? I mean, let's say, for example, this year, we do 
close to Rs. 1,550 crores of turnover. Out of that, you are saying that Rs. 700 
crores is coming from that order book that you have always been talking about. 
So, let's say, 50% of your FY'24 sales is coming from the incremental order book. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 24 of 29  
Out of that remaining 50% of INR700 crores, INR750 crores, that's your core 
business, what is the kind of decline that we are anticipating? 
Vimal Gupta: 
So decline easily we can calculate suppose like when we are talking about, 
because in the last year, maybe I say that Rs. 450 crores addition has come from 
the new businesses and this year, I'm talking over that Rs. 750 crores, so around 
Rs. 300 crores increase from the new order book. But the overall increase has 
happened approximately or it will happen approximately Rs. 200 crores. So  
Rs. 100 crores itself has gone down. Maybe out of the Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 50 crores 
I have explained, due to the impact of the aluminum prices. So, this is a 
combination because it's very difficult to quantify due to this declining because so 
many combinations are there to work out this. This is just a rough idea I have 
given to you. 
Prolin: 
No, that's fair. But I mean, let's say, for example, if you can't quantify in rupees 
crores, is it fair to say that let's say, in FY'25 on a whole year basis, your new order 
book or incremental order book will be substantial? Or will in FY'26 where we 
won't be talking about this noise equipment, so to say, right, in some sense, or 
noise supply, which year, that would be where this drag is, I mean, very low that 
we don't discuss at all right? When do you think that year will arise? Will it be next 
year, or will it be '26? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Around 70% to 80%, you will see in the next year. And yes, in FY2025-26, you will 
see around 90% to 95%. 
Prolin: 
So FY2025-26 is when all these efforts that you're making since past 2 to 3 years 
will finally show results in terms of pure sale and margins and ROCE in our 
numbers, right? I mean is that a fair summarization? 
Vimal Gupta: 
That is take of the year. We can say that '25, '26. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Kumar Saurabh from Scientific Investing. 
Please go ahead. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
So first, congratulations for beating the market industry in the last 3, 4 years and 
having an aspiration to do that for the next 2, 3 years. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 25 of 29  
I have 3 broad question areas. The first is an aspirational growth rate. And to 
achieve that growth rate, we are, of course, dependent on industry to do well. 
And if we look at the auto cycle, of course, depending on whether it's Commercial 
or PV or 2-wheeler, the cycles are different, but 2 to 4 years, the cycles stop out. 
And we have an experience from 2018-19. And though we have beaten the 
market the kind of aspiration we had that time we couldn't achieve.  
So, from a risk perspective, we are doing well. We have good order book. But how 
do you see from an industry cycle perspective? Are we confident that we will 
achieve this number? We have a good order book, but do you see, based on your 
learnings from past cycles, do you see if the industry cycle tops out, the order 
book can also reduce. So, my broad question is given the industry context and the 
cyclicity of industry, how confident we are to achieve this aspirational growth? 
My second question is around our technical capabilities. So, in a layman's term, 
we have invested a lot in the last 2, 3 years to build the technical capabilities and 
it is getting reflected in terms of the 4-wheeler order book, in terms of the growth 
and all of that. But if in layman terms, you can explain how we are technologically 
better than our competitors? And in all these new kinds of businesses who are our 
2 close competitors and how we are better than them, what we have done in 
layman terms, that will be good. 
And the third question is more around financials. So of course, I think in last 3, 4 
years, from a 10% ROCE, we have gone to 14% ROCE. We have aspiration to go to 
19% to 20%. So how that will happen? Will that happen because a 4-wheeler 
business will be a higher margin business compared to a 2-wheeler business? Or 
whether it will lead because of better asset utilization? I also see your cash flow 
conversions have also improved.  
Like if I look at 8 years versus 5 years versus 3-year trajectory, your EBITDA to cash 
flow conversion is improving. Is it because of working capital improvement? I just 
wanted to understand the drivers of how the better ROCE will be achieved. So, 
these are my 3 broad question areas. 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Lot of points you have covered. Talking first on the first point, yes, even we have 
noticed volumes are moderate, unlike 2018-19, where the industry was noticing a 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 26 of 29  
double-digit growth. A lot of changes were noted like traditionally, a development 
by any OEM. The products were live for maybe 10 years, 15 years, in some case, 
Maruti we have noticed, 20 years to 25 years. But now we are noticing the life 
span of product is very low. And that's the reason after FY2018-19, we understood 
the urgency to enter in different portfolios like penetrating with existing 
customers and enhance our portfolio, add new parts from existing customers and 
also look for new customers in domestic as well as global regions. 
So, we have done predominantly very good in these areas. Also, we were aiming 
to shift our focus from 2-wheelers to Passenger and Commercial Vehicles. And 
also, we were aiming to drive further and increase value addition. Like if you see 
traditionally, we were 50% with 2-wheeler where the option to supply machine 
part was very rare. But as the shift is going, the customers are looking for ready-
to-use component in the assembly, which includes some value addition. On that 
front also, we see good momentum.  
And as the industry has just also noticing a changeover from ICE to EV. The 
majority of 4-wheeler OEMs are looking to see partners, not supplier, but partners 
who are capable of giving such critical solutions. Like the example of Maruti, they 
have I mean 50% of the volume of the market share is a big volume, and they are 
coming up and giving opportunity to Alicon. Toyota, you have seen an example. 
So, these developments we see as a good opportunity to overpass the traditional 
numbers of growth to leave a good mark in the growth numbers. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Mainly we are not totally dependent on the growth of the industry. So always 
looking for the new parts, new customers and expanding ourselves in that area. 
So that is giving the major support for the growth because you see that cycle is 
there always. But at this moment, looks like that chances are less for this downfall 
because the government see the policies, the infrastructure investment done by 
the government and development of lot of new highways, roads are coming up.  
So, the demand is growing in the automobile. Clearly we can see maybe 
somewhere a little bit to improve on the lower cost vehicle. But on the midsize 
and the larger luxurious size, the growth is phenomenal. So that is the area. And 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 27 of 29  
like that and when we are talking about the technology like Rajiv has explained, so 
maybe Shyam would like to explain on that. 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes. On the technology front, if you see, like we are supplying almost 90 parts for 
the EV industry. And this journey we started in 2016 and 2017 in Europe. We have 
an advantage that we have a plant in Europe. So, whatever the European 
requirement, which come in advance of 5 to 6 years of India. So that we develop 
and already mastered those capabilities.  
So, when these products like motor housing now coming to India, so we were the 
first choice for the OEM and also the supplier Tier 1. So now we have developed 
good competencies on very critical parts where we have a thermal engineering 
solutions, which we are providing. 
So those solutions are very liked by the EV customers. And especially, if you see 
the motor housing and now the e-Axle part, which is also very, very complex part 
and even JLR appreciated the efforts of Alicon to develop such a critical part at 
first time right. So, if you see in this area, we have developed lots of competencies 
with the help of our European hub. And now we have mastered those 
technologies in India. 
So, if you see our customer base, we have all the marquee customers in our 
customer base. And in the EV, we have developed most of the critical parts, which 
comes out from the aluminum casting from the LPDC and GDC. So, this gives us a 
good base to develop further competencies and increase our share with the 
customers. 
Now secondly, we are also working on the HPDC part. We have already got the 
order of onboard chargers, which is a very complex part. It is in HPDC, the 
assembly of 3 parts. So, we will also be moving up the value chain by supplying the 
assembled part with the friction steer welding. So, our management is very, very 
focused on working on the new technology and master those technology so that 
we can increase our revenues and also the bottom line. I hope, Kumar, we were 
able to answer your questions. 

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 28 of 29  
Kumar Saurabh: 
Yes, sir. Thanks for the elaborate answer and if you can, one, discuss on the 
financial side and who are the close competitors in all these emerging areas of 
business? 
Rajiv Gupta: 
Talking about competition for Alicon, we have got competition segment based. 
And also, it's the customer in-house OEMs. I mean, in all OEMs, like Maruti, 
Toyota, the in-house foundry, we are competing. 
Talking about 2-wheelers, yes, there are various players. But yes, we pioneer in 
terms of solutions, in terms of delivery, in terms of volumes because we being a 
big player in this region and service since long. 
And in 4-wheelers, yes, we competing, one is the OEM and second is several 
domestic as well as global players like to name some, it's MIMAC, it's Craftsman, 
it's Linamar, where we are aiming to grab those shares and thereafter cater to our 
customers. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Actually, these big players are not our competitors, but we have to become their 
competitors. Now we have to enter in the area. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
And on the financial side, like what will drive the ROCE to a higher number? 
Vimal Gupta: 
Definitely, you know that the structural change in the business when we are 
moving from this low margin business to the higher margin. So that is the major 
driver. And we are more focused on the cost downs as well as now we have seen 
that the improvement. But definitely, again, we are more focused on how to 
control our working capital, maybe in discussions with the various customers for 
their terms also. 
And another side is that the investment is how to control and maybe to reduce 
our investments. So definitely, based on this, maybe for our capital employed, 
control will be there. So that is the hand to hand. It is linked with each other. But 
there is definitely a road map we are having to improve the margins as well as the 
ROCE. 
Kumar Saurabh: 
Sure, sure, sir. And one last question. I don't know if you looked at the business 
from this angle. So, when we look at auto industry and when we look at the low-

Alicon Castalloy Limited’s Q3 FY24 Earnings Call 
Page 29 of 29  
cost auto versus the premium, whether you look at 2-wheelers, the low-cost 2-
wheelers have suffered the premiums relatively better when it comes to 4-
wheeler we know in Maruti also the low-cost segment is not doing well.  
So, when we supply the ancillary player, we supply parts to the various 2-wheeler, 
4-wheeler EV companies, if we talk in terms of revenue distribution, how much is 
there in low cost versus high cost? And is there an intent to move our more and 
more revenue from low-cost OEM products to higher cost OEM products? Any 
views on that? 
Shyam Agarwal: 
Yes, Kumar, like if you see in 2-wheelers, we are supplying the part to low-cost  
2-wheelers as well as to the high cost. If you see the Royal Enfield. So there also, 
we are supplying. And in most of the models, we are the single source. And if you 
see the 4-wheeler also, so we are supplying to Toyota HyCross.  And if you see the 
cost of that vehicle is more than INR30 lakhs, almost INR40 lakhs, you can 
consider, and you see the waiting period. So, we are across the segment. And our 
endeavor, of course, will be to supply the high-value parts to all OEMs, but to 
generate revenue across all segments, we cater all segments. However, the focus 
will remain always on the high-value segment part. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to 
hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, 
sir. 
Vimal Gupta: 
Thank you. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions satisfactorily. 
Should you need any further clarification or would like to know more about the 
company, please feel free to contact our team or CDR India. Thank you once again 
for taking the time to join us on the call, and we look forward to interacting next 
quarter. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of 
Alicon Castalloy Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. Certain statements made or discussed on this call may be 
forward looking in nature and must be viewed in conjunction with the risks and uncertainties that the company faces. The company 
does not undertake to update these forward-looking statements publicly. Please also note that this document has been edited without 
changing much of the content, to enhance the clarity of the discussion. No unpublished price sensitive information was 
shared/discussed on the call. 
