 
 
 
 
Date: 08th March, 2024  
 
The General Manager                                        The Manager 
The Corporate Relationship Department            Listing Department 
BSE Limited                                                     
National Stock Exchange of India 
1st floor, New Trading Ring,                         
Limited 
Rotunda Building                                             
“Exchange Plaza”, C-1, Block G 
P J Towers                                                         Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Dalal Street, Fort                                               Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 001                                               Mumbai 400 051 
BSE Scrip Code: 500249                                NSE Symbol: KSB 
 
 
Subject: Transcript for the Institutional Investors Meet 
 
Dear Sirs/Madam, 
 
In continuation to our intimation dated 28th February, 2024, 29th February, 2024 
and 05th March, 2024 enclosing herewith the Transcript of the Institutional 
Investors Meet held and participated on 05th March, 2024.  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For KSB Limited 
 
 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar  
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Mail to 
:     (Head Office) KSB Limited (Formerly KSB Pumps Limited), Mumbai - Pune Road, Pimpri, Pune - 411 018. 
(India) Tel. : +91 20 2710 1000  Fax : +91 20 2742 6000   Visit us at : www.ksbindia.co.in 
Registered Office :   Office No. 601,  Runwal R-Square, L.B.S. Marg,  Mulund (West), Mumbai- 400 080, Tel. : +91  (022) 2168 1300   
Zonal Offices 
:   Chennai • Kolkata • Mumbai • NOIDA 
CIN : L29120MH1960PLC011635 
 
SHRADDHA 
KAVATHEKAR
Digitally signed by SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=411037, st=MAHARASHTRA, 
street=PUNE, l=PUNE, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=7865c362f8bd8d6414ed7e1866bf016e9c
fc9c20ae0cad7543911710f41202dd, 
pseudonym=4b8f0dcc89864fad92514bca0f35d018, 
2.5.4.20=30573d99a72dc3a3583a9b68803a636d63f096
c220cf69765a12605a5792a1f5, 
email=SHRADDHA.KAVATHEKAR@KSB.COM, 
cn=SHRADDHA KAVATHEKAR 
Date: 2024.03.08 14:52:49 +05'30'

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
1 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
Rajeev Jain - Managing Director 
Mahesh Bhave - Chief Financial Officer 
Shraddha Kavathekar - Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Good morning everybody. I hope I'm audible. So thanks Shraddha. On 
behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to the Analyst Meet of 
KSB Limited.  
 
We are pleased to host today Mr. Rajeev Jain, Managing Director, Mr. 
Mahesh Bhave, Chief Financial Officer and Shraddha Kavathekar, 
Company Secretary. We'll start with brief opening remarks followed 
by Q&A. 
 
Over to you, sir.  
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Good morning. Good morning all and welcome to this event from 
KSB Limited. So I hope screen is visible and I am clearly audible to 
all of you. 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Yes. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
So before we start, cautionary statement regarding the forward-
looking statement. This presentation may contain certain forward-
looking statements, company's future business development and 
economic performance. Such statement may be subject to a number of 
risk, uncertainties and other important factors such as, but not limited 
to competitive pressures, legislative and regulatory developments, 
global macroeconomic and political trends, fluctuation in currency 
exchange rates and general financial market conditions, delay or 
inability 
in 
obtaining 
approvals 
from 
authorities, 
technical 
developments, litigation, adverse publicity and news coverage, which 
could cause actual developments and result to differ materially from 
the statements made in this presentation. 
 
The company assumes no obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise.  
 
So with this, we start today's agenda. We will be talking on 
Organogram, KSB locations, overview of KSB, highlights of quarter 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
2 
 
four. Then we will be talking about our customers, order intake, of 
course financials, the key numbers, major updates, as well as ESG 
initiatives.  
 
This is the Organogram where Mr. Rajeev Jain, who is present here, 
Managing Director of KSB Limited and supported by myself as a 
CFO and DTC Head. Mr. Mohan Patil, who heads HRD. Mr. Prashant 
Kumar, who heads Sales and Marketing. Operation-Nuclear is headed 
by Mr. Nitin Patil. Mr. Raja, who heads Valves Factory and Valves 
Business. Quality Management is headed by Mr. Philip. Mr. Seshadri, 
who heads PMPS that is Product Management Related Profile. Ms. 
Shraddha Kavathekar, who is Company Secretary. Mr. Sunil Bapat, 
who heads our Standard Agricultural and Solar Farm Business. Mr. 
Rajesh Kulkarni, who heads SupremeServe. Mr. Pradeep Watve, who 
heads Purchase as well as Foundry, and Mr. Mukesh Pattewar, who 
heads the Contract Management Division. So this is the Senior 
Management Organogram.  
 
Our presence, as you are already aware, and this is near to you, we 
have seven manufacturing locations, four zonal offices, 14 branch 
offices, and six service stations. We have more than 200 authorized 
service centers, more than 1,000 authorized dealers of pumps, valves, 
and systems. We have a liaisoning office in Bangladesh. And we are 
doing business through dealers in Nepal and Bhutan. So that is the 
spread of business.  
 
Here, some of the events, like inauguration of the new admin building, 
Shirwal which we had. So this is done on 2nd November 2023. This is 
an IGBC certified green building, and the momentous event is 
inaugurated by all honorable Board members. 
 
This is some of the glimpse of new admin building at our Shirwal 
plant. You can see the aerial view. 
 
Moving ahead, this is the IPD. This is Irrigation and Process Division 
plant in Pimpri, Pune. So some of the photographs of IPD plant. This 
is photographs from inside the factory. 
 
Moving ahead, SupremeServe and Central Warehouse. This is our 
Chinchwad plant, and some of the photographs. This is the training 
center. This photograph is inside the factory of our Chinchwad Central 
Warehouse.  
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
3 
 
We have a Standard Pump division in Sinnar, Nashik. Some of the 
photographs of Sinnar. This is the aerial view, and we have 
photographs from inside the factory. 
 
We have a Foundry Division in Vambori, near Ahemednagar. So 
some of the photographs of foundry.  
 
We have our Valves Division in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu. So some of 
the glimpse of valves factory.  
 
We also have a MIL Control, which is in Kerala. So some of the 
photographs of MIL. This is inside view of the factory. 
 
We have a KSB Tech Private Limited, which provides a 
comprehensive area of business technology, engineering services, and 
solution tailored to meet all the KSB Group companies. So some of 
the photographs. This is a state-of-the-art design center, which is into 
engineering and IT service providing to the group. 
 
We have additional floor inaugurated in again in November 23 of 
KSB Tech. We had a visit of Global Management Team, and we are 
honored to host Mr. Bubel, Head of Administrative Board, and Dr. 
Stephan Timmermann, CEO of KSB SE Germany. So they visited us 
in November 23. Some of the photographs. 
 
Moving ahead, overview of business application in various sector. So 
energy, application in energy, KSB Pumps and Valves ensure energy 
efficient and reliability, helps to achieve optimum performance and 
safety in power plants. Our products are high pressure multi-stage 
pumps, FGD pumps, GGC and ball valves. Applications include boiler 
feedback pump, condensate extraction pumps, FGD, hydrocarbon 
services, industrial application variety indeed is the spice of life, and 
in this case of our pumps. 
 
The products include state suction pump, process pumps, non-clog 
pumps, high pressure multi-stage pumps, confirming API 610, GGC 
and ball valves. Application includes oil and gas, sugar, paper and 
pulp, thermic fluid, process application, hydrocarbon services.  
 
Irrigation, application in water, optimized products from specialists. 
For the entire water cycle, products include submersible pump sets, 
open well monoblock pumps, mini monoblock pumps, dewatering 
pumps, solar products, GGC and ball valves. And application includes 
irrigation, farmhouses, drinking water supply, et cetera.  
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
4 
 
Wastewater, clean solution, products include submersible motor non-
clog pumps, horizontal non-clog and suction pumps, GGC and ball 
valves. Application includes various types of municipal and industrial 
wastewater, sewage, effluent, transport and treatment, storm water 
drainage and dewatering, et cetera.  
 
Construction, so KSBs all-in solution always represent a sound 
foundation. So these products includes hydro-pneumatic system, 
firefighting pumps, listed as well as non-listed, supported by lean and 
efficient processes, dedicated sales management and spare part repair 
field service. This includes field service, modification, replacement 
and footprint pumps. 
 
Moving ahead, highlights of quarter 4, 2023. We have first 
breakthrough order for reciprocating pumps, received an order for 
FGD. This is another breakthrough. Received first order of FM 
package firefighting pump set and indigenized KRT pumps. Received 
LOE from MSEDCL for solar pumping system under PM-KUSUM 
scheme in Maharashtra and successfully installed first range of order 
received from PM-KUSUM scheme in Haryana and orders under 
execution include Rajasthan and Gujarat States. So these are some of 
the highlights. 
 
Moving ahead, top 10 customer, more or less the list remains same 
barring few additions. So if you can see in the 2023, Thermax, IGSEC 
and then we have couple of dealers, Patil Engineering, Megha, 
Rushabh, NTPC, Pooja Engineering, Deraz, K.C. Cottrell and 
Hydraulic Engineering. These are our top 10 customers. 
 
Moving ahead, order intake, you can see the pie chart. If you see the 
order intake pie chart, standard products. So this is from 43, more or 
less it is to 44% of the share what standard products is having. 
Engineering products, SupremeServe and Valves. So more or less this 
share remains same in '23 compared to '22.  
 
Orders on hand, OOH, situation, you can see a good situation for 
OOH. You can see the chart 21, 8,376 and it has grown by 25% in '22 
and further growth of 12.3%. So in '23, we have 11,755 Mio INR. So 
it's a good OOH situation overall. This is of course without nuclear. 
 
Export performance, we have a CAGR of 23%. You can see the actual 
of 23%, it is 16%. So it's a good growth in order intake in export as 
well. 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
5 
 
Coming to some of the working capital slides. I hope I am audible and 
you can see the screen. So inventories, you can see a good 
improvement in inventory in last month. And we have now 5,640 
million. Receivable due to the growth in sales, this is 4,970 million, at 
December end. And a good net financial position. You can see the net 
financial position 2,746 million compared to 2,623 million at 
December '22. 
 
This is the chart which is showing ROCE and this is depicted from 
2014. You can see a good growth in ROCE and 2023, it is 23.5%.  
 
Moving ahead, EPS, again a good growth. You can see it has again -- 
rise from INR51.5 to INR58.8 per share. 
 
Revenue from operation, again a good growth. December '23, we 
could close INR22,472 Mio compared to INR18,222 Mio in 
December '22. Profit, we continue with a good growth in profit along 
with the revenue growth. So we can see that INR2,749 Mio, which is 
again a good growth story in profitability. 
 
Okay, major updates. NPCIL order, GHAVB project status for RSR 
400. So first pump casing dispatched to site in November '23. First 
rotor assembly is ready. You can see the pictures.  
 
Some of the ESG initiatives, group captive solar. We have entered into 
a power purchase agreement signed with Sunsure Energy. So as you 
see vendor is the Sunsure Energy, the location is in Solapur, 
Maharashtra and capacity is 6.65 megawatts. And supply nearly one 
crore unit of green power annually for 25 years. And you can see the 
tonnage CO2 offset and this is like equivalent to 3.5 lakh trees. So this 
will give a lot of cost saving opportunities as well as the ESG, a good 
ESG measure what we have initiated this year. 
 
Carbon emission reduction 2022 scope one emissions, 22% we have 
achieved and you can see scope two emissions, this is 8%. Energy 
audits at IPD, WPD, CBE and FD plants to find out energy saving 
measures. Accurate measurement of emissions scores, awareness 
created in process owners. So these are some of the measures and 
company is moving towards the ESG targets. 
 
ESG training module and certification, so this module in audio-video 
mode which is implemented across all the members, all the staff, 
ESG-related interesting games and puzzles. An employee has to pass 
the test by scoring more than 80%. This is a good measure where all 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
6 
 
the awareness and followed by the test. So making a very serious 
effort towards ESG.  
 
Yes, this is another focus of the company that is on gender diversity, 
various measures, formation of gender diversity project team. 
Diversity ambassador which is already done. A female friendly 
environment, engaging social counsellor, special recruitment drive for 
female candidates. So these are the five initiatives for improving the 
diversity.  
 
Various engagement activities, you can see participation at India 
Energy Week. This was in Goa and this was inaugurated by the 
Honorable Prime Minister. You can see the photographs. The second 
event is the Second Hydrogen India Summit '24 which happened in 
New Delhi.  
 
Some of the exhibitions, KISAN EXPO, Pune 2023, so one of the 
largest agri fairs across India organized in Pune from 13 to 17 
December, .23. Paperex Expo. This happened in Noida, 16 
International Exhibition and Conference on Pulp, Paper and Allied 
Industries. And this was -- happened in 6 to 9 December in Noida.  
 
Further events on exhibitions like KSB at VSI Expo, Pune, and this 
has displayed a wide range of pumps including the Etanorm, KNCPP, 
CPK. This is specifically designed for ethanol distilleries and valves 
designed for sugar plants. 
 
And then we have ANUTECH Expo in Mumbai. This is again from 7 
to 9 September, 2023. Again VSI Expo 2023 in Pune, International 
Mining Expo that happened in Kolkata. FSIE Expo. This has 
happened in Mumbai, so from various ranges. Bhabha Atomic 
Research Centre visit at EPD, some of the photographs.  
 
We of course continue to have dealer conferences. We had East Zone 
Dealer Conference, more than 60 plus dealers participated. This 
happened in December. North Zone Dealer Conference. This 
happened in November and more than 100 dealers attended this. So 
major highlights, key product launch which is Ultra Plus and 3 and 5 
HP single-phase monoblock pumpset, KSTP sewage pumps displayed 
the extensive range of newly developed product.  
 
CSR of course, Women Entrepreneurship Development Program, 
EDP, 40 women established their businesses out of which 30 received 
seed funds. Some of the further CSR initiatives. Yeah, thank you. 
That's all on presentation.  

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
7 
 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar: Yes, you may start the question answer now, please. 
 
Moderator: 
Kunal, please go ahead. 
 
Kunal: 
Yeah, hi, thank you, Mohit. Hi, thank you so much sir for the 
opportunity. My first question is pertaining to the domestic market. 
Sir, if you can give us some sense about how are you seeing traction in 
various end markets in the domestic market? Which are the specific 
areas you are seeing more traction? Any slowdown that you are seeing 
which could be election-related slowdown? Basically, some sense on 
how are you seeing the domestic market shaping up? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Good morning to all. I think related to your question on domestic 
market, I think we see good movement or good situation at present 
related to our standard business. When I talk about standard business, 
it's mainly industry, general industry, building service market, whether 
it is water, wastewater. These segments are doing quite well. 
 
What is a little bit slowdown is the petrochemical oil and gas market 
where we see less number of projects. We also see that also in the 
FGD business where those projects have slowed down. And of course, 
nuclear anyway, goes on its own pace. I would say standard business, 
which is almost 50% of our portfolio, we see good progress on the 
market, still showing good visibility. Only on the project business 
side, there is a bit of, let's say, we are expecting…  
 
Kunal: 
Sir, your voice is not very clear. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah. Could you get me or should I repeat? 
 
Kunal: 
Only the last bit. I heard till you are seeing some slowdown in the 
project business. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
So project business is, especially in the oil and gas and FGD markets 
and the coal market, of course, was slow for quite some time. But 
FGD market was a relief for us in the last couple of years. That has 
also a bit slowed down. But we expect them bouncing back coming in 
the second half of this year. So the first half, I guess, will be slow on 
these projects.  
 
Oil and gas, there are some projects which are moving and we should 
see good visibility in the second half. But on the standard business, 
which I say standard business, it will be the small contractors and 
unions that continues.  

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
8 
 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar: Yes. Next question, please. Yeah. From Anjali. 
 
Anjali: 
Good morning, sir. Am I audible? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes, we can hear you. 
 
Anjali: 
So my question is regarding the nuclear power program. So we have 
been hearing that the government is now again focusing on the 
addition of nuclear power capacity. So what are your thoughts on the 
same? 
 
And also Kirloskar Brothers are a competitor or peer, if we may call it. 
They have also said that small module reactors is the way for the 
addition of nuclear power in the country. And we are also seeing some 
of the headwinds in the other sources of power, like wind and solar, 
because there they are lagging in the capacity addition. What do you 
think that -- would it be a big trigger for the growth, for our company's 
growth, for pumps manufacturers? So if you can just give a broad 
perspective for the next two to three years on the same, and if you can 
see any order visibility in the near term as well. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, nuclear is a very, let's say, a very important segment for us, KSB. 
We are one of the few manufacturers who are qualified for this 
business. And we have been very successful, not only in India, but 
globally as well. And we are already having an order on hand of 
INR1000 crore plus for this business. So we are looking forward for 
the implementation of all the projects which have been announced, 
especially on the 700 megawatt plants for the remaining sites. That is 
one aspect. 
 
We are looking forward for other projects also, like for the reactors. 
Also EDF is one more opportunity which may come up in other 
discussions. So nuclear, if you ask me the visibility for the next two to 
three years, considering the pace at which this business moves, we 
should get a good share, depending on how the project implementation 
goes. But I am hopeful that this momentum or whatever business we 
have got, we should be able to continue that business and participate 
more in other aspects as well. It's both on the nuclear island and also 
on the turbine island, which the contract has gone to BHU. So there 
also we hope we should be able to participate whenever that comes up 
for discussion and finalization.  
 
So overall, I would give a good visibility. And this will not be only for 
two, three years. I think it will be for years, moving down the line, 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
9 
 
five, six -- five to 10 years, that I see a continuous good visibility. It 
could also happen in exports as well, if the things go well, because we, 
with our capability and all the know-how which we have gathered, I 
think it will open up some opportunities there also. 
 
And related to SMR, yes, we have our group as well as us. We are 
reviewing this, studying this. And accordingly, a lot of customer visits 
are happening, as well as the discussions that are happening with the 
relevant parties. So I think it will come. It's a little bit still time. But it 
will come eventually with the face of privatization, as well as going 
into SMR, the discussions that are happening. And we are also 
preparing ourselves for those opportunities. 
 
Anjali: 
Thank you, sir. That's all the questions. 
 
Kunal: 
Yes, thank you for the opportunity again. Sir, I just wanted to check 
on SupremeServe. For SupremeServe, we had this target of taking the 
SupremeServe contribution to more than 20%, 25% of the revenue 
over the next few years. Just wanted to get some sense on where are 
we on that journey, and what are the key initiatives that we are taking 
to get there? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, SupremeServe, that is the aftermarket business, is one of our 
most important road drivers, not only on the top line, but more 
importantly on the bottom line, where we get our maximum 
profitability from. And there are quite a number of initiatives which 
we have taken apart from the regular market. Yeah, request is kindly 
mute after you ask the question, because then the audio quality is not 
good enough for anybody to hear. 
 
I would say SupremeServe, we are taking all the necessary initiatives 
in our regular products of retrofit, replacement, so that business goes 
on as planned or as usual. Other new initiatives which we have taken, 
and we are seeing good success is one is BPCL acquisition. If you 
remember we did that acquisition a couple of years back, and we have 
started reaping the benefits now. 
 
We, in fact, also, as we mentioned in our presentation, we got the first 
reciprocating pump order. Most of the PSUs, they have qualified us as 
the proprietary supplier for this aftermarket and all the installed base 
of BPCL. So I think, step by step, we will continue to grow in that 
business related to the BPCL install base products. 
 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
10 
 
Another initiative is mechanical seals. We did almost a business of 
10,000 seals we sold in the aftermarket. And we want to double it this 
year. So the mechanical seal business is also moving quite well, and 
the advantage that we have is that we are a pump for OEM itself. So it 
gives us a good starting advantage of increasing our installed base. 
 
So that is another initiative which is helping our SupremeServe 
business. And of course, the other initiatives of the boiler circulation 
pumps, repair, the big supercritical plants, the nuclear business, 
aftermarket business related to mechanical seals, so all those are good 
opportunities which KSB is banking on and progressing as well. We 
have started getting orders, for example, in the nuclear power plants I 
mentioned about mechanical seals and some replacement pumps in the 
turbine island. So I see SupremeServe being a very important and a 
critical segment for us. And yes, we definitely want to take it beyond 
20% and further. Right now we are somewhere between 15% and 
20%, mainly because our product mix of standard business is quite 
high related to domestic, agri and all.  
 
So the percentage becomes a bit lower in totality. But we are on a roll, 
I think this percentage will grow. 
 
Kunal: 
Sir, my second question is pertaining to nuclear power. If you can just 
tell us how much of nuclear power revenue will be booked in CY24 
and CY25? That is my question. Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Nuclear power, I cannot make an accurate forecast, because this 
business, I think it has their own complexities or dynamics and it 
depends on the site progress, site availability and all the compliances 
and the process being completed. So I think we will do good. We are 
expecting some good orders. And I cannot quantify the numbers for 
this year, next year. But as I said, once these orders come to the 
finalization stage, we should have a good share of that. 
 
Kunal: 
No, sir. Essentially, what I meant was that out of the current order 
book, how is our execution schedule? I think this year we were 
supposed to supply two pumps, right? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, that is on track. That is on track and we are still booking and 
expecting to supply two pump sets this year. 
 
Kunal: 
Sure. Thank you so much, sir. And best of luck for the future. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Dhawan, please go ahead with your question. 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
11 
 
Dhawan: 
Yeah, sir. So my question is on the recip pumps, so can you share the 
industry size of these recip pumps? And what is our overall the target 
market? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
As you know, KSB, we are focused on the centrifugal pump market. 
Reciprocating pump came as an opportunity due to our acquisition of 
BPCL know-how. And so this market is a limited market. But 
whatever installed base is available for BPCL, both in oil and gas as 
well as nuclear, is what we are targeting.  
 
For oil and gas, as I mentioned to you, we already got an order from 
one of the PSUs for a replacement. And for nuclear, we are making 
the prototype to get ourselves invested and qualified for all the future 
700 megawatt power plants which are coming. 
 
So on both these segments, we have those opportunities. And yeah, it 
is not as big as a market as a centrifugal, but there are not many 
players in this reciprocating market also. 
 
Dhawan: 
In absolute terms, can you share the numbers? From oil and gas, how 
much could be the order inflows or the opportunity size? And from the 
nuclear, the 700 megawatt power plant you mentioned. So what could 
be the per megawatt size? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I will not be able to quantify this right now because we will have to 
see as it goes and how when we start participating on it. So then we 
will have a more clear picture. But as I mentioned, for each 700 
megawatt plant, you need these pumps. 
 
Not as big as our existing primary coolant pumps or the other pumps. 
But these pumps are also required, I would say, on some percentage of 
that value. And in oil and gas also, I would say it is more of a 
replacement market and the install base. And for the new ones, it is 
still some time till we supply, till we get a good proven tech record of 
these pumps. Then only we will be able to act also in the new 
business. At present, I will not be able to quantify this share now. 
 
Dhawan: 
Sure. And in the nuclear business, have we supplied any pump in 
CY23? Because I think we were guiding roughly one pump for this 
fiscal. So have we done anything? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
No, in CY23, we did not supply any pump. In the CY24, in this 
calendar year, we are expecting to supply two pumps. 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
12 
 
Dhawan: 
So I just wanted to understand more in the nuclear business. I think 
what are the challenges you are facing in this business? Because I 
think we are downgrading the guidance every year since I think last 
two, three quarters. So I just wanted to understand more in terms of 
the challenges we are facing in this business. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
In the nuclear business? 
 
Dhawan: 
Yeah, yeah. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think the challenges are nothing new. These are the challenges 
associated with this business that this goes in its speed of -- each stage 
of pump manufacturing is very extensive, very detailed. And it takes 
time, not only for the pump, but also like motor supply like this year 
for this order, we are getting it from BHEL. So that process is lengthy, 
very detailed. And at each stage of, let's say, it's document approval or 
testing, that process is very detailed. And especially so because these 
are the first pumps being made in India. So it takes that time. 
Secondly, the challenge of having the testbed at Tarapur, which 
NPCIL is building.  So that also is getting built in stages. And it has to 
be synchronized with our pump manufacturing that when our pump is 
manufacturing the casing, for example, those you have to weld it. And 
the welding is very critical. 
 
So that whole process takes time. Then you have the first pump testing 
for 500 hours. So all these challenges are related to the supply of the 
first pump set specifically. And because this is where this pump will 
be first time made 100% in India, that qualification process till the 
pumps are tested, finally, it is going to be lengthy. But once it is 
completed, then the remaining seven pumps should be much faster, 
much smoother, depending again on the site availability. The site 
progress is also very important for this business, especially this 
Gorakhpur, Haryana project, which is delayed due to some reasons. 
 
So once the site also is in line, then the things move faster. But 
knowing this, the challenge, I would say, was only the pace of 
progress, which is the complete, I would say, something associated 
with this nuclear business. But having said that, I am quite optimistic 
that there are other opportunities which we are participating and we 
are hopeful that that will help us meantime as well till the other 
projects catch up. 
 
Dhawan: 
Got it. Got it, sir. And the last one, I missed the export number. What 
was the exports in this year, CY23 total?  
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
13 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
It was 16%.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It was almost around INR382 crores.  
 
Dhawan: 
Okay. Got it, sir. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi. I just wanted to understand the order that we received from 
Siemens. So Siemens received an order to supply 1,200 locomotives 
to Indian Railways. If you can just give us some color on, have you 
received some orders and how much time will it take to manufacture 
pumps that will be required for Siemens? And what kind of orders can 
we expect going forward? Thank you. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I guess you are referring to the locomotive business. Siemens, we have 
been in discussion with Siemens that we are finalizing a long-term 
contract, a contract which is for almost, I think, 10 years supply of 
these pumps. It could be more than 2,000 units. And again, it has gone 
through a qualification process. The pumps have been taken from our 
KSB, our parent company and we have localized it. The pumps have 
been tested also in Germany, also through Siemens requirement. So all 
that is settled. And I think year-on-year, we should start getting this 
business starting this year for the next 5 to 10 years. And this will 
continue based on a long-term agreement. 
 
And similarly other manufacturers have also started. We have started 
discussions with them. So this will be something also an addition and 
a good segment for us in the coming years. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. Just one more question. We recently got 
empaneled with MSEDCL, Maharashtra Discom for pump supply. 
Just wanted to understand, this is a letter of empanelment. Does this 
mean we will receive order or we will have to wait for the 
Maharashtra Discom to start with the tender process or something like 
that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, the process is once we receive the letter of award that means 
this much quantity is our share for the whole state. But that doesn't 
mean that we have got the order. It's a letter of award. And the next 
step is that our installer network, our network of installers, they go to 
the farmers and then they collect the orders from the respective 
farmers who are then handled by these installers. And we supply the 
complete pump set and they install it. And we'll have to work on that 
to meet those farmers, convince and get the final orders from those 
farmers through the government. 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
14 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Understood. Thank you, sir. That's all from my end. 
 
Shraddha Kavathekar: Next question, please. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Good morning. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my 
question is on the margin. If I look at the gross margin, it has been 
quite under pressure during the quarter. Our execution has been very 
strong. So I just wanted to understand what was the reason for such a 
compression in the gross margin and what is the outlook that you give 
for the margin going ahead? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. The gross margin for us has been under pressure because of 
specifically related to project business, which we have taken orders in 
the last one or two years. These projects are related to oil and gas 
where the competition is very high. So those orders got executed in 
these quarters. That was one.  
 
Second was the FGD business where the margins are very tight. But 
the upside to this FGD business is that we can recover those margins 
in the aftermarket because this is a very high-admissive application 
and so the wear and tear is high. So we have knowingly taken these 
orders at lower margins so that we have a good install base that will 
help our SupremeServe business in the future months to come. And 
we are seeing that as and when plants are getting commissioned of 
FGD, we start getting those spare parts and other related component 
business. So these were two.  
 
Then the third thing is we are going to a lot of new strategic segments 
and new products and where to break those entry barriers, to take 
those strategic orders, even in oil and gas, because important is to 
build up the PTR. So some part of this margin is coming to those 
strategic orders, which we have knowingly taken to create a reference 
and open doors for the future. These are in across wastewater segment 
also for higher motor ratings. These are in oil and gas, I mentioned. 
And these are also in other segments for where we are, like example, 
in firefighting application. 
 
And so one of our segments which we are going into is firefighting, 
which where the pump constitutes a very small part, 20%, 25% of the 
whole assembly. And there the margins cannot be as good as the pump 
or the product itself. So a bit of a product mix makes the difference as 
well. And that is, I would say, the main reasons.  
 
Going forward, the situation in the project business will not change, 
but we intend to compensate that by growing, one is SupremeServe 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
15 
 
business, where we are creating that install base I mentioned about 
BPCL business, mechanical seam business, FGD business. These 
would be our three main additions to the SupremeServe business. And 
going forward, we are also looking to the export business. So with our 
enhanced product basket, we feel we have much more market access 
to our KSB offices. 
 
And we should be able to increase our export business, which are 
somewhat better margins than the domestic business. So I think going 
forward, that should help us time to recover a bit of gross margin that 
we have lost. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thanks for the detailed answer, sir. Sir, was there any contribution 
from the KUSUM during CY23 revenue? What was that? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, there was some contribution. I think almost INR30 crores, what 
we invoiced last year. And this is what we did in CY23. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay. And sir my final question is, the two nuclear pumps which we 
are targeting to supply this year, what can be the ball park revenue 
from these two pumps? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I think we mentioned it last time, it would be around INR100 crores, 
total. And the pump size is around INR50 crores. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much for the answers.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So my question is, we are not very 
strong on solar business. So but in this quarter, we have won some 
orders. So where do you see this business going in the next two, three 
years, sir?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, we see we are looking forward for much better market share or 
better orders in the coming months and years. We have participated in 
the solar business as a consortium to get qualified with the minimum 
criteria of supplying 1,000 pump sets. So -- and we are partnering with 
some partners to go in different states. So as and when we get the 
PTRs, our chances and our possibilities to participate in almost all 
states will be better. 
 
And so we will definitely look forward for a better business and orders 
in the coming year, at least '24 and '25 as well. This is an area of 
growth for us or a potential growth for us. We are going in that step by 
step. As I said, first creating our references, developing our own 
products in terms of controllers and as well as getting the knowledge 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
16 
 
or the experience in all the related accessories and maintaining these 
pumps and systems for five years. As we go more and more of this 
learning curve, I think the business should increase.  
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
And sir, my second question is, will it be possible to quantify this 
locomotive opportunity in numbers? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
At present, I will not be able to do that. It's something which is under 
finalization and discussion. So at present, I will not be able to do that. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Okay, thank you, sir, and all the best.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: 
Hi, Sanjay. Please go ahead with your question. Sanjay Kumar? 
 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Yes, sir. Thank you. First on the reciprocating pumps. I missed it. So 
what was the application for this pump, sir? Is it the sucker rod pumps 
used in oil and gas? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, sir. It is for a PUC in oil and gas. And we highlight it because in 
our history, in total KSB, that is the first order for a reciprocating 
pump. Though it is not our core area. But due to the acquisition of 
BPCL, what is good is that the customers have faith and confidence in 
us that we could be a reliable partner in terms of quality and delivery. 
And hence, we got this order of INR70 million for the first order as a 
replacement. And this should set a good precedence for us in the 
replacement market in the oil business. 
 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Is this the sucker rod pump, sir? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I'm not so sure. I think it's the mud pump, which is there. 
 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Okay. And any plans to export this pump globally since the parent 
doesn't have this tech, because this market is huge globally? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
True. I feel that I am not mentioning it because I think, as I said, this is 
the first time we are making it. We need to get the competence inside 
the company. We are also, as I said, making it also a prototype for the 
nuclear NPCIL so that we go through that process and qualify 
ourselves. 
 
And once we gain that experience in both oil and gas and nuclear, I 
think the opportunities globally will be there. You are very right. But I 
think first we need to establish ourselves in the local market. 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
17 
 
 
Sanjay Kumar: 
Got it, sir. Second on valves, carbon capture, FGB, green hydrogen, 
all of these need a lot of valves is what I was told. Any plans to 
increase valves capacity? I was also told that the Coimbatore plant has 
restriction in terms of expansion physically. Any plans do we have for 
the valves business? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, I think you're right. We are presently at the limit of our capacity 
in Coimbatore for valves. We are looking at options. My request is 
kindly mute your mic so that… 
 
So Coimbatore, we are looking at options for increasing the capacity 
in-house by adding very multi -- we call that 5-axle machines, so 
multi-operation machines to increase the capacity. We are looking at 
the possibility of looking at a new site. We are looking at outsourcing. 
So all these options are on the table. Our team is working on this to 
see how we can further grow the valve business, which is one of our 
very important segments.  
 
Last year, we ended almost very near to INR400 crores in that 
turnover. So the market is big. Our market, as you know, is much 
bigger than the pump market. We are there in a trade movement chain 
[ph] [00:54:01]. What we have also added is the traded valve segment, 
which is butterfly valves and valve valve. So with our traded basket, 
the turnover is growing. But yes, there is a restriction of space 
capacity and we are addressing that in our present ongoing 
discussions. 
 
So we will take some measures in the coming months to ensure that 
we enhance the capacity for future growth. 
 
Moderator: 
Hi, Sagar. Please go ahead with the question. Sagar? 
 
Sagar: 
Yeah, hi. Am I audible? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, yes. We can hear you. 
 
Sagar: 
Yeah. Hi, sir. Thank you for taking my question. So firstly, on this 
locomotive order, just, if you heard it correctly there is 1,000 units that 
is supposed, 1,000 units of pumps that we would like to -- or we 
would be supplying to Siemens over a period of 5 to 10 years. Is that 
the right number? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
It could be more also. Couple of…  
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
18 
 
Sagar: 
Couple of thousands. Okay, but you are not able to quantify the 
amount as of now. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yeah, right now we cannot quantify the amount. It is just an estimate. 
And it all depends on how the things progress. These are long-term 
businesses, long-term contracts. It involves a lot of qualification, 
meeting the requirements. So all that is in process. 
 
And once everything is finished, and it depends on the progress of the 
business, Siemens also makes the progress in manufacturing.  
 
Sagar: 
Understood. And on the green hydrogen part, if you can give us some 
color that in one of your presentation slide, we had mentioned that we 
are supplying some pumps for green hydrogen globally, I think. So 
when this opportunity arises in India, what can be the opportunity for 
us? 
 
And is there, is this like a different kind of concept which is required 
within the green hydrogen space? And if yes, then do we have the 
capabilities or skill set? If you can give us some color, it will be really 
helpful. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, as a pump manufacturer, KSB Group or KSB Germany, I think is 
leading in this green hydrogen business with the volume that they are 
doing today. And this is one of their focus segments, of course, in 
Europe. And their experience and their supplies to major suppliers of 
electrolyzer manufacturers and the big companies helps us as well. 
 
And we have also done some few million Indian rupees of business 
here. The products are similar, almost similar to what we have in our 
range. There is one specific product of magnetic drive pump, which is 
used for the electrolyzer and that we have localized. But I think some 
variants of it like the block version and all, we need to localize it. So 
all the know-how is available, I would say, in our parent company and 
that is we localize it step by step. 
 
And as and when this business starts coming in or established in India, 
which is already happening, I think not only green hydrogen also and 
wind energy, but these pumps already we have in our local portfolio. 
So with the good references of our parent company, with local 
manufacturing and with our network, I think this segment will be quite 
substantial in the next 10 years. If we start with next year, '25, '26, I 
think the world will be much better. 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
19 
 
Sagar: 
Yeah, understood. So let's say India has about 5 to 6 million tons of 
green hydrogen target over the next 3, 4 years. What is the size of 
opportunity from pumps angle that can come in? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Again, very difficult to give or put a figure behind it because there are 
a number of variants. It depends on the progress, depends on all these 
business, a lot of it depends on the overseas references, 
recommendations. So it would be too early to put a number behind it. 
 
But as I mentioned, that we have the product basket. We have a good 
backup and this steadily will grow. It will not be a very big number in 
'25,'26, but something which is a beginning and in the future years will 
be more substantial. So I wouldn't be right if I put a figure behind it. 
 
Sagar: 
Understood. But fair to say that we would be like -- would have the 
first mover advantage in green hydrogen space because we have the 
parents' capability and know-how with us versus our competitors. 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
I would say that. I would say that it is a big advantage and how we 
leverage that locally is very important. It will be [inaudible] 
[00:59:44] separate and all. 
 
Sagar: 
Perfect. Thank you so much, sir. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. This is the last question we'll take. This is from Nikhil 
Abhyankar. Please go ahead. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Thank you sir. Am I audible?  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes. 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Sir, my first question is regarding, can you give us a ballpark breakup 
for the revenues that we have booked from nuclear power and oil and 
gas segment? 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
For nuclear power, we mentioned last year we did not book anything. 
Therefore, we are only planning in this year the major ones. The 
nuclear aftermarket are smaller, but the major ones are the pumps. 
 
Mahesh Bhave: 
Yeah, thank you. Go ahead.  
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Yeah. And, sir, the revenue growth that we have seen over the past 
couple of years has been very strong. So should we expect the similar 
growth rate to continue at least for the next year? 
 

KSB Limited 
Institutional Investor Meeting  
March 05, 2024 11:00 AM IST 
 
20 
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Yes, our enablers [ph] [01:01:09] and our audit book position is quite 
healthy, and we are looking for a continuous growth similar to what 
we have done in the past two years in the coming years as well. Of 
course, having said that, it would also depend a lot on the market this 
year, being especially election year. 
 
But apart from that, I think all the new initiatives which we have taken 
in solar, mechanical seal, SupremeServe business, BPCL acquisition, 
those will continue to help us for this growth in the future. Project 
business is something which is a bit of a concern, especially as I 
mentioned, for oil and gas and energy. But we are trying to 
compensate that with our export business. 
 
So all-in-all, I would say we are looking forward for a continuous 
similar growth momentum as we have had for this year. 
 
Moderator: 
With this, I think we have come to the end of the session. I would like 
to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host. And 
thank you, everybody, for joining in. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Sir, will this recording be shared? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, it will be. Yes, it will be. Thank you. 
 
Unidentified Analyst: 
Thank you. And the concall, the transcripts of the call? 
 
Moderator: 
Yes. Yes. Yes. All will be uploaded. Thank you. That's it. Thank you, 
sir. Thank you.  
 
Rajeev Jain: 
Thank you. 
