 
 
27th December, 2023 
To, 
The Secretary, 
BSE Limited, 
P. J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai- 400 001 
Scrip Code – 543714 
To, 
The Secretary, 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block- G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra(E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol – LANDMARK 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call with Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds 
pursuant to regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (“SEBI LODR 
Regulations”) 
Ref: Intimation of earnings conference call vide letter dated 14th December, 2023 
This is further to our letter dated 14th December, 2023, wherein we had given 
advance intimation of the earnings conference call scheduled to be held on Tuesday, 19th 
December, 2023, with several Analysts/Institutional Investors/Funds.  
In compliance with the SEBI LODR Regulations, please find attached the transcript of the 
earnings conference call held on Tuesday, 19th December, 2023. 
We hereby further inform you that the aforesaid transcript is available on the 
Company’s website at: https://www.grouplandmark.in/investor-relation.html 
 
You are requested to take same on the records. 
 
For Landmark Cars Limited 
 
 
 
Mr. Amol Arvind Raje 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
(A19459) 
 
Place: Mumbai 
 
Encl: Transcript 
 
AMOL 
ARVIND RAJE
Digitally signed by AMOL 
ARVIND RAJE 
Date: 2023.12.27 
18:02:24 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 14 
 
 
 
“Landmark Cars Limited Management Interaction 
Session” 
 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on December19th, 2023, will prevail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SANJAY THAKKER - PROMOTER, CHAIRMAN AND 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. ARYAMAN THAKKER – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, 
LANDMARK CARS LIMITED 
MR. SURENDRA AGARWAL – CFO, LANDMARK CARS 
LIMITED 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 2 of 14 
Moderator: 
Thank you once again for coming in today and spending time with us. Now we will begin the 
Management Interaction Session.  
 
We have with us Mr. Sanjay Thakker - Promoter, Chairman and Executive Director, Mr. 
Aryaman Thakker – Executive Director and Mr. Surendra Agarwal – CFO.  
 
Over to Sanjay sir. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Thanks for being around late in the day. From a single Honda dealership over 25 years ago to 
today 117 showrooms and workshops nationwide across nine brands, our journey has been 
extraordinary. "You Drive Us" is not just a tagline. It's a commitment for growth and our zeal 
to provide excellent customer service.  
 
What you witnessed today is a fruition of seeds planted in the past. Our choice to become 
multi-brand, multi-locational auto retailer, the strategic separation of management and 
ownership, and the empowerment of dynamic team of young professionals, all contribute to 
Landmark's significance in Indian auto dealership landscape. 
 
Our portfolio spans the entire ownership life cycle, encompassing new vehicle sales, third-
party financing and insurance products, after sales service and spare parts, and pre-owned 
vehicle sales. While our core offering in new vehicle sales, third-party financing and after-
sales services are well established, pre-owned vehicle sales is relatively recent and strategic in 
nature. It is poised to become a meaningful contributor to our revenue and profitability in the 
years to come.  
 
The current season is marked by what we call the 3Ms – Mercedes-Benz, MG Motors and 
Mahindra & Mahindra. It has been Landmark's philosophy to choose partners carefully and 
then go deep with them.  
 
Landmark is embarking on an exhilarating new development as we expand our reach into the 
10th Indian state with the sophisticated brand-new workshop of Mercedes-Benz in Hyderabad, 
but that's not all. We are also solidifying our presence in our headquarters Ahmedabad with a 
new MG dealership. Both these geographies present themselves as a high growth market with 
tremendous opportunities, which we are ready to seize. These developments are testament to 
Landmark's progress in building and reinforcing partnerships. 
 
Further, I am excited to share that Goa MG facility commenced operation last week. Our 
upcoming dealership of Mahindra & Mahindra in Howrah in the outskirts of Kolkata is 
progressing well and set to commence operation in the next quarter. We believe this expansion 
will further strengthen our presence in the key market and contribute to our overall growth. 
 
Having said that, Honda is our all-time favorite and enjoys a very deep customer affinity and 
has received a good response since the launch of the new Elevate in the month of September. 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 3 of 14 
Overall, we are witnessing promising traction across our brands and regions and its testament 
of growing demand of premium and automotive experiences.  
 
I throw the floor open now for question and answer and thank you once again for part of the 
journey. Let's make the most of this event. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Please take your name and organization name when you ask a question. 
Lokesh Manik: 
My name is Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Just a couple of questions from my end. First 
one was, what are the variables or the parameters you look at when you choose an OEM to 
partner with? And second was on the location. Whether the decision to choose a location 
depends upon you or the OEM. If it's you, then, again, what are the factors that you look at for 
the choice of location? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Sure. The first thing, the first filter that one needs to kind of clear is how strong the OE is 
globally, if it is a global OE. Now that's not the only filter that you need to clear., How much is 
the focus on India? Now after the Ukraine war and COVID, that has become not so relevant 
because everybody is focusing on India. The question is on timelines as to how much time will 
it take for them to ramp up and make meaningful introduction of products that they will be 
selling.  
 
The other factor and which is an important fact that you need to understand, and all investors 
need to understand, is the fact, we are right now talking about the numerator, how many cars or 
what is the ASP and what will be the turnover? The other important factor is that what is the 
denominator? What is the distribution? How many dealers do they want to appoint? So, what is 
in it for us?  
 
It becomes difficult if there are multi-dealers in a certain geography with discounting and what 
not. You understand that. So, the philosophy of an OE is important to understand as to whether 
they want more dealers or they are comfortable with large, organized retail dealership chain 
and they are willing to give you a long rope and a free hand.  
 
Also, you spoke about geography, choosing of the geographies. Now the data on which cities 
and states which are expanding is kind of well available. We know where the automobiles are 
selling. The good part about India today is that while India is shining, Bharat, as what Santosh 
said, is also kind of getting, I mean, awakening. So, with the 2.2% car ownership that we have, 
really there is a huge runway that you have. Law and order in a state also sometimes matters. 
What is the competition, the availability of trained manpower, all of that happens, but again, 
horses for courses, there is no one size fits all. What terms you get. 
Parag Thakkar: 
This is Parag Thakkar from Anvil Wealth. Thanks a lot for the excellent presentation. I would 
just like to ask you about the after sales business that what kind of stickiness? So, basically, I 
asked how many cars which are bought from you come back to you for servicing, percentage 
of cars, and what kind of revenues or ROC and margins we make in that business, and whether 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 4 of 14 
we can assume that that business can only grow? Of course, the COVID kind of situations are 
one-off cases, but generally speaking, if the world is working, this business particularly can 
only grow, keep growing, right, as we sell more cars. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. Parag, what would CKS mean? I didn't exactly understand. 
Parag Thakkar: 
No, I am saying after sales. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
After sales, yes.  
Parag Thakkar: 
Last year revenue was 750 crores. That business I am talking about.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, the answer to this is that the premium and luxury cars, the propensity for the car owners to 
go to the authorized dealership is very strong. The cars also come with what is known as a 
warranty, which is from the manufacturer, and we as a company also sell extended warranties.  
 
Now, generally, the terms of these warranties are that you need to necessarily regularly service 
these vehicles in the authorized dealerships. And during our after sales presentation over there, 
we mentioned that 7 years, up to 7 years we have approximately two-thirds of the cars that we 
have sold or the dealerships that we have acquired. Those vehicles come to our workshop 
regularly. These are the statistics. And I have been saying this for some time and I hold it, that 
there are very few businesses in India which you can draw on an Excel sheet and they will 
come true.  
 
Now, really, what more do you want? I mean, we know how to draw Excel sheets up and this 
is what it is. What you see is what you get.  
Parag Thakkar: 
So, it is growing at 20% if you exclude one COVID years.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes, so it has been historically that is the number we realized was coming. Now this is a 
combination of dealerships that we have acquired. It is a combination of dealerships we have 
also shut in the process in the last year where our growth in the first 6 months top line was not 
20%. So, one of the reasons was that we shut some Renault outlets which we did not think 
were overall profitable or was not meaningful. So, over a period of time, our confidence is 
there that we will be able to maintain it. Our business also just to kind of say is a little difficult 
to look on a quarter-to-quarter basis. It is best to look at our business on an annual basis or if 
you have an appetite for a slightly longer period, and that is something that you will all see 
good results. 
Parag Thakkar: 
And when Mercedes has a capacity to manufacture say 40 or 50,000 cars and last year we sold, 
sorry, this year we are going to sell, say, 17,000 cars, and the only I think the constraint was 
supply of some imported parts and something. So, we are going to see some easing of that 
supply and hence because demand is there, right?  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 5 of 14 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Demand is there. So, till the company comes out with their official kind of statement on what 
volumes they are likely to be doing, it will be difficult for me to kind of say, but everybody 
realizes that India is an important market, and it is a growing market, one of the few in the 
world which offers this kind of an opportunity. I will be surprised if they miss it. 
Varun Goenka: 
Thank you, Sanjay, for organizing this day. Good to hear from you. Two simple questions. 
One, these global OEM brands tend to be very arrogant, tend to be very hard in negotiation, 
and they have already a ringside view of your P&L. So, any principles that we want to lay 
down, these are the things that we will not do, not get into, these are the terms that we will not 
surrender to, just in case, and in terms of business expansion also, you laid down very clearly, 
but do we have a framework where we will not in products segments, brands, geographies, 
what we will not do will become very important? I am Varun Goenka from Valuequest. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, let's kind of start from the end, what is it that we are unlikely to do? So, we are unlikely to 
do small cars. We are unlikely to do two wheelers. We are unlikely to do small commercial 
vehicles, three-wheeler type of business. The reason we realize that we are a kind of a 
premium retailer. You have seen our facilities. You have seen our people. You have seen the 
way we conduct ourselves. So, we are not so good with, for a lack of better word, frugal 
engineering. We are good with premium where the unit economics work best for us. So, that's 
something which I would say. 
 
Now the auto dealers across the globe work on a 2% to 3% net profit margin business. I am 
giving you a ballpark after tax this is what they kind of do, whether it is in the west or in the 
East.  
 
The OEs, yes, have an insight to your balance sheet, but we are not their only retailer. What 
they look at is an average of what the other guys are also making. Some are not as efficient as 
we are. Some are maybe more efficient than we are. Some have working capital issues. Some 
have money gaps. So, it's a combination of all that. So, the margins, sales margins in India 
today are amongst the lowest in the world. Understand what I am saying?  
 
So, if your question was leading to whether there is a chance of a downward revision in 
margins? I do not see that at all because of these two, three facts that I just laid down to you. 
Sorry, did I miss anything else?  
[inaudible 14.05]Sanjay Thakker: 
A lot of stuff has been written behind me. So, that's what we are. There is zero 
tolerance on integrity. We as an organization do the right thing and that's why that is the thing 
that we want to inculcate in people. We are fair to our customers. We are fair to our OEs, our 
employees, everybody we deal with. Money is not the driving force. It is just transient in 
nature.  
Apurva Shah: 
So, just want to understand your strategy on MG and Mahindra & Mahindra. So, those are 
unlike other OEMs, these are the OEMs which established dealership network. Whereas in the 
other OEMs, we grew as the OEMs grew. So, what will be your strategy where already there is 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 6 of 14 
a established network? There is competition in all the local markets. So, what can be the road 
map for you guys? And how can you expand your association with these two large OEMs? 
Apurva Shah from PhillipCapital. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, as far as MG and Mahindra are concerned, they are not the first ones where we have gotten 
in kind of late in the day. Mercedes-Benz, which is what is the flavor today, we entered that 
brand in 2009 and the brand has been present in the country since 1998 and there have been so 
many dealers who have been senior to us in the number of years association. It is the way we 
have kind of conducted the business. It is the way we have treated our customers and run the 
operations professionally that we have today become the largest dealers for Mercedes-Benz.  
 
As far as MG Motors is concerned, there is a second coming. You all have read the news about 
Jindal investing in the company and then significant ramp up of production is what is 
happening. Aryaman and me, we were in China only 8, 10 days back. We saw the new 
products which are likely to be introduced. We test drove them. So, this is a time to re-enter. 
There is a, for a lack of better word, I am saying second innings. So, first Innings is over. We 
were not there. Now the second inning is over and then we are entering at the right time is 
what we believe when the growth will happen.  
 
So, this is a time which we believe is right for MG Motors to enter. We have already taken 
three meaningful markets in no time. We have been operational only for 2 months. This is only 
because of the reputation we carry. We have hit the ground running and our team led by 
Harshal and Aryaman, we have done such a fantastic job in two months in Madhya Pradesh 
that they are really kind of asking us to take more and more territories to have a mutually 
beneficial association.  
 
Mahindra & Mahindra we all know has been growing. The two fastest growing brands in India 
today from April onwards have been Mahindra & Mahindra and MG Motors. So, we have 
partnered with both of them. What I believe is that most OEs want to deal with Landmark and 
want to grow with us. This is the hypothesis that we are building, and it is being played out. 
You also heard Santosh in the morning. So, Mahindra, unlike some other manufacturers, don't 
have that many dealers. So, again, the question of numerator and denominator. So, this is an 
important partnership, and we would like to grow with them also. 
Apurva Shah: 
So, sir, do you see gap in the penetration of these two companies' OEM dealership and so for 
you growth may come from the lower penetration and second thing could be the inorganic 
part? So, off late we have whatever we did for MG and M&M, that is prima facie M&A route. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, in case of MG, two of the three that we have done are M&A, acquisitions of existing 
dealership. The third one is something that we will be setting organically. If the market is to 
grow, there will be a space for a second or a third partner in that town. We have always kind of 
entered that way and it has been some years by the time we have been able to buy out or take 
out our local level competition.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 7 of 14 
Apurva Shah: 
And sir, finally, for that M&A, these two would be the prima facie target or we would be open 
for all other? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
We are open for many. So, the point is that we have lot of brands today and if there is some 
profitable business venture which comes our way, we are not saying that we will not -- we will 
shy away from that. We will clearly examine it and go ahead with it. 
Participant: 
So, just coming back to the philosophy of the denominator, the number of distributors, so do 
you have in your contract protection from the OEM that within a certain radius they will not 
allow another retailer to open up? And what is that radius that you look at? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, in India, unfortunately, there is no Franchise Protection Act. Our association FADA has 
been now they have woken up to this reality and through the Parliament and some other 
legislative bodies trying to form a pressure group and a think tank basically to address this 
issue. So, today, the contracts are nothing like what you are saying what may have happened in 
America and other geographies. They generally are silent on these kinds of things.  
Apurva Shah: 
So, there is no protection provided by OEM. It is just more verbal and understanding.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
This is not only an issue with the auto dealership but lot of other franchise of every other, 
whether it is a clothes or phones or there is no Franchise Protection Act in India.  
Pranay: 
This is Pranay from Burman Capital. Thank you for organizing this event, my question is with 
regards to Mercedes. So, you are already at about 16%, 17% wallet share. There is lot of 
organic growth that is coming in. How does the future with Mercedes look like from a outlet 
expansion point of view? So, in the morning Mr. Santosh told us that the priority will be on, 
first, establishing workshops where there has been enough car park setup. Could you just give 
us a color on how does the workshops' footprint in India look like? Like, are there white spaces 
in certain geographies where the car park is about to hit the tipping point and maybe Landmark 
has an edge in terms of setting up a workshop there as well? How does the future look like? 
And also on the new car side, how does it look like on that perspective?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, clearly, Mercedes-Benz is our Flagship brand currently, and I believe the way the nation is 
trending, it will remain to be the most important aspect of what we do. That's the first 
statement. What Santosh said, and if I understand correctly, is that let's kind of look at the 
Indian market. The top eight cities today give 20, this is for not luxury.  
 
This is for the overall passenger car market I am talking about. The top eight cities give 20% 
of the volume. The next 100 cities give 32% of the volume and then the balance country gives 
48%. Now the luxury penetration is what he was saying that in nationwide, if you see, it's 
maybe a 1%. I am rounding it off. Now there are pockets which are at 2%. Some are at half. 
Some are at 0.2. And it is assumed that everything will go up, grow. So, where is it that you 
would rather go?  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 8 of 14 
 
That's where the idea was that the top eight, what, top maybe 20 cities or 30 cities are already 
occupied. I don't know the exact number. It may be 27 or whatever. I will have to check, but 
the point is that the potential offered by the others is also there. So, over there, for example, in 
case of Landmark, we have a workshop in Bhopal. We don't have a showroom over there. 
Now, we are at Indore, Bhopal showroom workshop. Now would Bhopal need a showroom. 
Maybe that is with the workshop experience we can see. 
Pranay: 
And lastly on the recent workshop that you are opening with Mercedes in Hyderabad, could 
you just help us with some numbers around? Because it's not available or at least I couldn't 
find them in public. What percentage of annual Merc sales actually happen in Telangana and 
then flows down to Hyderabad? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, I will quote Santosh. He said this passingly in the morning, that Hyderabad is 
approximately 8%, 9% of their sales or the state of Telangana. 
Pranay: 
And sir, what time till you fully start operating this workshop? And any numbers you want to 
give out on annual revenue potential? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, we are wanting to start this workshop in the first quarter of next financial year. That's the 
endeavor, and that's the discussion with Mercedes-Benz. And the workshops generally are a 
highly profitable business. I don't want to share any workshop related numbers right now. 
Dhaval: 
Dhaval from Girik Capital. My question is about this used car business. So, over the next five-
year period, how will our balance sheet of this business look like? What sort of capital 
employed will be there? What sort of working capital will be required? When do we start 
seeing some return on capital happening in this business? So, some explanation understanding 
on that.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, these are little early days. I don't have a five-year plan for pre-owned cars. To be honest, 
that's not what we have been able to do. What we are doing, and I am sure you would have 
seen the presentation and spend a good amount of quality time on that used car group number 
two that they explained. Everybody who has entered this business has fallen. Understand the 
backdrop. It's not an easy climb. We believe that we have a very unique model, and we will 
crack it. Why? Because we are taking away the cost element from this business. The gross 
margin nobody had any doubt. 8%, 7% whatever you may want to. Then the cost was a killer. 
Now if you keep the costs under control and have the sale happening, then this is a scalable 
model where it will be a highly profitable business.  
 
Now what we are doing, and again, the new car dealerships in India are not generally used to 
selling pre-owned cars. So, there is a cultural change within Landmark which we are bringing 
about. There is customers which are obviously very keen to buy from us. Those are being 
addressed. This is a high growth area. The initial response has been pretty good. I had spoken 
about 100 crores of revenue, and we are well on course of doing or surpassing that. This will 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 9 of 14 
continue to grow. It is a very small number. 100 crores if you ask me, personally, it's a 
meaningless number for us. If we are able to do it, we can do much more.  
Dhaval: 
So, the question was, I mean, the reason I asked about balance sheet, and all was from a 
perspective of utilizing our core business cash flow. So, how will that cash flow be channeled 
for this business? Because here you are buying cars. You are going to invest in the inventory. 
So, a lot of big capital is going to be there and plus we are expanding on this side of the 
business, opening more showrooms, dealership. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Currently, see, the point is that we don't need to buy, if we are not able to sell. This is not that 
there is a buying company and there is a selling company. If the sale doesn't happen, the 
buying activity will stop.  
Dhaval: 
Stop, reduce, yes.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
You understand this. So, this is all in our control. It is not that we are working in silos. 
Dhaval: 
Correct.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
And it is under one CEO or a person who is doing it. It's not different people doing different 
things without knowing what is happening. So, currently we have allocated approximately 25 
crores of capital for this business, and we will see how that goes into the future.  
Surendra Agarwal: 
We are operating from the same location.  
 Surendra Agarwal: 
And we are operating from the same location. So, like this showroom.  
Dhaval: 
Yes, that he explained.  
 Surendra Agarwal: 
So, we are not spending any CAPEX on this.  
Dhaval: 
Yes, even you have not hired some significant staff also for this, right?  
Surendra Agarwal: 
No, our existing staff is managing and the CAPEX, there is no CAPEX in this.  
Digant: 
This is Digant from GreenEdge. So, my question is that you have more than 50 workshops 
where you do servicing of the cars. So, which of the workshops are your best workshops in 
terms of being constantly utilized and you making really good return on capital there? I don't 
know which exactly, but like you know, at a company level, where can we reach? Because I 
believe today, we are at a very nascent stage where getting people to come to your service 
showrooms itself you have to have those call centers, so many reminders and so on. So, just 
some idea on this of what you have done the best in past and what can happen in the future? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, one mother was asked, who is your favorite child? Now this is that kind of a question. All 
workshops make money. It is on that on how mature is that workshop. Let me give you an 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 10 of 14 
example of say jeep. When jeep came into India, the workshops for us for the first four or five 
years were not profitable. You would think that all workshops become profitable immediately. 
Yes, if you have a car park. So, once you have the car park, then the business is an annuity 
type of a recurring business. The first variable is that the car park has to be there. The second, 
which is an important thing is that the company should be selling adequate amount of new cars 
to kind of keep that load constant. The answer is that in premium and luxury cars, it is a better 
business to be in because the customers do not generally go to local garages. Again, local 
garages, there is not too much capacity. We don't stress or worry too much about that business 
because really nobody has been able to crack it. Just like the pre-owned cars, it sounds very 
good on Excel sheet, doesn't work out in real life.  
Digant: 
So, just mostly, what is the breakeven time of, say, a very good store versus not a very good 
store? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
You are talking about the showroom or the workshop? 
Digant: 
No, no, the workshops. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, workshop if you, say, for example, if we were to start a Mercedes workshop or a existing 
Mahindra or a MG Motor workshop, it is going to break even in the first year of operation. 
Participant: 
So, this is a question with regards to OEM strategy in general, those OEMs which are 
producing in India, selling in the domestic market, but exporting as well. So, recently, I read an 
article, which also happened to mention Honda as one of the OEMs where some of the brands 
who are not able to fully capitalize on the domestic markets actually to utilize their capacities 
are ramping up their exports aggressively. We all must have read that Elevate is being sold as 
WRV in Japan and they are actually putting a lot of focus on the exports.  
 
When you are answering, you don't have to take any OEMs in general across. Do you see a 
risk in some of your existing customers where you see reducing focus in the domestic market? 
Is there a probability of that happening and them looking at India mainly as a manufacturing 
hub rather than a domestic sale market? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, India, the world auto sales kind of peaked out at 72 million vehicles some years back, three 
years back. If I am not mistaken, 72 million is where the world reached and now nobody thinks 
that it will again breach that mark. As the third largest auto market, 4 million vehicles, China 
27 million, US is 17 million, the headroom in India is so much that OEs are not really looking 
at setting up manufacturing base in India to be exported out. I don't see that as a strategy. They 
are first looking at the local market and then looking at the exports. This is the way I am, but 
yes, Renault, Nissan have put up some plant in Chennai. Honda is exporting. Volkswagen is 
exporting. So, they do what they have to do, but local market remains, according to me, their 
priority.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 11 of 14 
Manasvi: 
This is Manasvi from ICICI Prudential. So, can you just share the typical unit economics of 
your showroom, just broad numbers?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, all showrooms are of different sizes and shapes, and so are workshops. What you saw is 
not a typical workshop or a typical showroom. What we have done, for simplicity sake is that 
the, and we don't buy our properties. So, the capital that we kind of sink into properties does 
not happen. For non- Mercedes type of businesses that we run, the showroom interiors will 
cost approximately Rs. 3,500 square foot to make. A typical showroom size one can assume to 
be around 4,000 square feet. In a workshop, again workshops, we ourselves have workshops as 
large as 50,000 square feet and as small as 5,000 square feet. So, there is no typical size. 
 
But the interior for making a workshop for a non- Mercedes thing is around Rs. 2,500 square 
feet, which includes the equipment, and for a Mercedes it will be maybe around Rs. 3,500 a 
square foot or maybe around Rs. 3,000 square foot. So, this is what it is and on a kind of a 
mature basis and which is also a little difficult to define what you call mature, the workshops 
generally have an ROC of upwards of 50%, 55% and the showrooms have it in the high teens. 
Abhisar: 
This is Abhisar here from Monarch AIF. Sir, I just wanted to know that we have been quite 
successful in adding new OEMs on the premium segment, and this year also we added MG and 
now M&M. But on the luxury segment, we have been with Mercedes for quite a while. We 
have showcased our capability, which is there for everyone to see. So, now going ahead to 
reduce the risk from the Mercedes angle, how confident you are and what is the progress that 
we may be making to add one or two more luxury brands over time? And is that that Mercedes 
also doesn't want that? Is there something like that? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Let's kind of go to Genesis as to when and why we added M&M and MG. It was in the first 
quarter that we realized, and some completely different events happened, and let me kind of 
take you back seven, eight months to explain these events. In case of Honda, when the 
transition of the BS 6 OBD 2 norms came into play, they stopped manufacturing diesel. They 
stopped manufacturing Jazz and the WRV, and Elevate was only introduced in September. We 
had a gap of like five, six months where our volumes actually took a big hit.  
 
In case of jeep, again we saw that the petrol version of the Compass was discontinued again for 
the exactly the same emission norms and the engines for some reason was not introduced in 
India and our volumes took a hit. That situation has been corrected partially now and for BYD, 
their consignments were not cleared in time, and we had nothing to sell for like good three, 
four months, and Mercedes had a supply issue where the GLC and some of the SUVs were not 
available.  
 
So, when the year had started, we thought that we were adequately insulated. We thought that 
we have a good bouquet and really what can go wrong? One or two can go wrong, but we 
didn't realize that four can go wrong for completely different reasons. So, we had to add some 
meaningful business to our portfolio which was not going to be impacted by one or the other 
event, and that's where we got into two mainstream brands to get.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 12 of 14 
 
In our case, Abhisar, what happens is that we don't add brands frivolously. Once we do it, there 
is a management discussion that we will go deep. Nobody wants Landmark for one dealership 
in one part of the country. That's my belief. So, once they tie up, there is a plan that broadly 
based on obviously the performance and execution, we started with one dealership of 
everything. It's a first-generation business that you are talking about. 
Abhisar: 
Yes.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, because we have delivered and delivered consistently, delivered with every brand that we 
have become the largest for them over a period of time. So, once we have partnered with who 
we have enough work on our hand, our teams are right now we are ramping up our 
management teams to execute what we now have in hand. And as far as luxury brands are 
concerned, till last year, it was a two-horse race, as I was telling somebody over lunch. The 
others were not meaningful businesses to be looking at. Lot of dealers had already folded. The 
focus on India was just about coming up. So, in right time, in good time, things will all happen. 
Abhisar: 
But sir, we are open to adding further luxury brands in the next…? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Absolutely. Absolutely, yes.  
Abhisar: 
And sir, just want your comment on that point also that is Merc okay with that or there is some 
condition around this? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
See, globally, let me kind of take a global thing. Aryaman worked in AutoNation for some bit 
and AutoNation has many luxury brands. I was in Tokyo, and I met with an Australian retailer 
who only dealt with luxury brands. It was a listed company and only luxury brands. All the 
three Germans plus some more. So, globally, this is something which is so routinely done. So, 
when we were the first to get private equity, people were wondering. When we separated 
management from ownership, it was a new thing in India. Currently, why go far? We have in 
north of India one dealer who is an Audi and BMW dealer both. We in our Mercedes-Benz 
dealership have a dealer who is also a JLR dealer in the south. So, I mean, I am just giving you 
examples which are so much available in our proximity.  
Abhisar: 
And sir, my second question is on BYD. So, obviously, things are not very, very clear that how 
the BYD scale up can happen. We do have MG template now with us and the Indian 
government and other things have allowed a Indian partner to come in. So, sir, do you have 
any clarity on where BYD is going next three to five years in India and how this will pan out? 
Or would their scale up be fully dependent on again a partnership in India? Otherwise, they 
may struggle like the way they are right now. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
The way the geopolitical situation is, this is basically to comment on a geopolitical situation 
that we, I don't think anybody in this room or outside of this room doubts the capability of that 
manufacturer. They are clearly Numero Uno in what they do, and the good part is that we have 
taken the pole position by being their largest dealer in India, in Delhi and Bombay. We have 

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 13 of 14 
taken those territories. Now it is beyond my comprehension and pay grade to kind of comment 
on how the geopolitical situation will pan out. We, yes, have a template of Jindal with MG 
Motors and it is possible that that is the only solve. Till the time the homologation happens, 
2,500 cars, if the homologation happens, then that cap goes away but with paying full duty. 
Abhisar: 
And sir, last question on the after sales business. What would be the capital employed 
approximately in the after sales business? And going ahead, would that split be changing a 
little bit? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, what we are doing, and Surendra is working on it, we haven't yet given the bifurcation of 
capital employed in the after sales and sales. We had not and look, it's a little difficult task for 
our accounts teams, but they are going to be doing it very soon. I am also because it's a 25-
year-old history that we have to kind of, we had not kept our accounts… 
Abhisar: 
That way, yes. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
…as segment reporting. We are getting it done and hopefully in the next quarter, if things go 
right, we will be able to report that.  
Varun Goenka: 
Just two small clarifications. Varun here again, sir. One, volume versus value, our margins 
would be linked to more volume or value. Or how do we benefit from changes in ASP?  
Sanjay Thakker: 
The margin is a percentage of value.  
Varun Goenka: 
So, if there are more premiumization happening or there is a natural inflation to the prices, it 
benefits us.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Absolutely. So, every manufacturer will increase the prices of vehicles from 1st January. So, 
what I am saying is that it's the best time to buy the car now. That's the first thing and yes, 
from next year we will make more per car.  
Varun Goenka: 
Your stock is an appreciating asset. Car is depreciating. Second, just if you could lay down 
next three, five years, what kind of CAPEX capital investment and working capital, how will 
that pan out? Basically, how would our balance sheet in the next three, five years? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, currently, last year we generated 120 crores of cash flow of cash. This year we are on 
course of doing in the first 6 months is pretty much the same pace as what we had done in the 
last year first 6 months if you were to look at. We have raised 150 crores less expenses from 
the IPO proceeds. Now we are sitting on that much cash and it's a cash generating business. 
We have never taken or, not never, seldom taken any loan to either buy property. We don't 
need that money because we don't buy property, and the investment in setting up a showroom 
and a workshop, if you were to look at it in a very simply if it is an organic thing and say a 
jodie of a showroom and a workshop will come under say 7, 8 crores what we just spoke 
about. It's not a that big an investment that we need to worry about.  

 
Landmark Cars Limited 
December 19, 2023 
 
 
Page 14 of 14 
 
If it is an acquisition, we need the money. Do we have the money? We have the money. Do we 
want to pay top dollar to do this acquisition? No. How do we do acquisitions? We are mindful 
of the ROC. We are wanting the cash payback period. We are not into any PE arbitrage 
because we believe that finally, this is possibly a cyclical business, and we don't want to get in 
at the top by paying more money. So, somebody I met said that it is a controlled aggression. Is 
that what you would like to call yourself? I said yes.  
Mustafa Arif: 
Mustafa Arif, Nine Rivers Capital. So, I just wanted to ask a little bit about the buyback and 
sort of the financing schemes that you have. So, in that, so Merc has, you know, started its own 
program for financing and buybacks globally. I am not sure if it has that in India, but is there 
some conflict over there? Do you have to sort of operate under their ambit? Or how does this 
work? And what are the terms of the buyback? 
Sanjay Thakker: 
So, let's have Aryaman in the play. He has been sitting and itching to have a go. So, let him 
answer this.  
Aryaman Thakker: 
So, from the Mercedes perspective, it's done by Mercedes-Benz Financial where they have a 
buyback scheme, a guaranteed buyback scheme at the end of tenure where the dealer, which is 
us, needs to take back the car at the predetermined price.  
Mustafa Arif: 
Correct. But also, so when you are offering in the used and often times in the used sort of when 
you are buying used car, you will then kind of try to sell them and upgrade, right? How does 
that play in into the buyback? 
Aryaman Thakker: 
So, for a customer to be eligible, they have something called as the Agility scheme, which you 
need to opt for at the time of buying the vehicle. I think, currently, it's a quite a popular scheme 
that is growing traction, getting traction more on the customer side. So, from our buyback 
perspective also, we do, that's a low hanging fruit for us also to convert that customer and sell, 
upgrade him to another perspective, and our idea is to take some learning from there and see 
how we can implement it with a wider audience.  
Sanjay Thakker: 
Currently, this is only offered in Mercedes-Benz, to add to what Aryaman is saying, and I will 
give you the technical answer and reason for it. It can only happen with NBFCs. Banks cannot 
offer this product. So, the Mercedes-Benz Financial Services is a NBFC which is offering this. 
Sanjay Thakker: 
Yes. So, thank you for spending the whole day over here. I hope our team has been able to 
explain to you what really do day in and day out. Please do reach out to us or SGA for any 
further queries. And last of it 1st January prices go up, do buy. 
