DLF LIMITED     
DLF Gateway Tower, R Block,  
DLF City Phase – III, Gurugram – 122 002,  
Haryana (India)                                                                             
Tel.: (+91-124) 4396000, investor-relations@dlf.in
  
 
Regd. Office: DLF Shopping Mall, 3rd Floor, Arjun Marg, DLF City, Phase-I, Gurugram -122 002, Haryana (India) 
CIN: L70101HR1963PLC002484; Website: www.dlf.in 
30th January 2024 
 
The General Manager 
Dept. of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
P.J. Tower, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Vice-President 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Bandra(E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Call 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the 
Earnings webcast.  
 
Requisite details regarding the earnings webcast are as under: 
 
S. No. 
Particulars 
Details 
1 
Date of Earnings Call  
25th January 2024 
2 
List of management 
attendees 
- Mr. Ashok Kumar Tyagi – Managing Director, DLF Limited 
- Mr. Vivek Anand – Group Chief Financial Officer, DLF 
Limited 
- Mr. Sriram Khattar – Vice Chairman and Managing 
Director, Rental Business, DLF Limited 
- Mr. Aakash Ohri – Chief Business Officer and Joint 
Managing Director - DLF Home Developers Limited 
 
3 
Web-link 
of 
the 
Transcript 
https://www.dlf.in/qu-result/q3-Transcript-Final-30-01-24.pdf
 
This is for your kind information and record please.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DLF Limited 
 
 
 
R. P. Punjani   
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: As above 
 
For Stock Exchange’s clarifications, please contact:  
Mr. R. P. Punjani - 09810655115/ punjani-rp@dlf.in  
Mr. Amit Kumar Sinha - 09810988710/ sinha-amit@dlf.in 
 
Ram 
Parkash 
Punjani
Digitally signed by 
Ram Parkash Punjani 
Date: 2024.01.30 
19:09:13 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
“DLF Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 25, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. ASHOK TYAGI – MANAGING DIRECTOR – DLF 
LIMITED 
 
MR. VIVEK ANAND – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – DLF LIMITED 
 
MR. SRIRAM KHATTAR – VICE CHAIRMAN AND 
MANAGING DIRECTOR -RENTAL BUSINESS – DLF 
LIMITED 
 
MR. AAKASH OHRI – CHIEF BUSINESS OFFICER AND 
JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR – DLF HOME 
DEVELOPERS LIMITED 
 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to DLF Limited Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference 
Call. We have with us today on the call Mr. Ashok Tyagi, MD, and Whole Time Director, DLF 
Limited; Mr. Vivek Anand, Group CFO; Mr. Sriram Khattar, Vice Chairman and MD, Rental 
Business; Mr. Aakash Ohri, Chief Business Officer and [Group Executive Director]. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vivek Anand. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Vivek Anand: 
Yes, thank you. Good evening, and welcome to DLF Limited Quarter 3 Financial Year '24 
Earnings Webcast. Thank you for joining us today. We are happy to announce that our business 
continues to deliver a consistent and strong performance across all parameters. I'll start with 
financial highlights for quarter 3 financial year '24 DLF Limited consolidated results. 
 
Consolidated revenue stood at INR1,644 crores, gross margin at 56%, EBITDA is at INR633 
crores, net profit at INR649 crores, reflecting year-on-year growth of 26%. Healthy surplus cash 
generation from operations at INR1,108 crores. We recorded our highest quarterly sales booking 
of INR9,047 crores, backed by multiple launches during the quarter. We launched 3 new 
products of 5 million plus square feet during the quarter of multiple segments. 
 
The launches during the quarter includes DLF Privana South, Gurugram, a luxury high-rise 
development. Central 67, Gurugram, a shop-cum office plotted development and the Valley 
Orchard, Panchkula low-rise independent floors. We witnessed healthy demand momentum 
across all these products. And both projects in Gurugram were completely sold out within a 
record time. 
 
With this strong performance, the new sales booking for the 9-month period stood at INR13,316 
crores and hence, will exceed our full year sales guidance. We would like to highlight that with 
this performance, we have broadly achieved our guidance on new product launches that we had 
given 3 years back along with an upside in sales potential due to value enhancement across the 
products. 
 
The sustained demand momentum across all segments continues to be encouraging. 
Consequently, we have identified a fresh pipeline of new products of approximately 32 million 
square feet with a sales potential of approximately INR79,000 crores, which is more than double 
of what we have delivered during the last 3 to 4 years and is in line with our plans of scaling up 
the business. 
 
We expect to launch these products over the next 3 to 4 years. The key launch that we are 
working on for the next 12 to 15 months are products in Gurugram, Chennai, Goa and the first 
phase of our Mumbai project. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Collections continued to be at record levels resulting in record cash flow generation during the 
quarter. Consequently, our net cash position at the end of the quarter improved further to 
INR1,246 crores. Further, the Board in line with our stated strategy to consolidate the rental 
business has approved transfer of DLF Centre, a marquee asset in Delhi to DCCDL at an 
aggregate consideration of INR825 crores plus/minus 5%. This transaction will be subject to due 
diligence, documentation, and requisite approval from the shareholders. 
 
I'll now move to the financial highlights for quarter 3 financial year '24 DLF Cyber City 
Developers Limited consolidated. Rental income grew at -- to INR1,089 crores, year-on-year 
growth of 9%. Consolidated revenue of INR1,476 crores reflecting an 8% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA at INR1,126 crores, year-on-year growth of 6%, PAT at INR434 crores, reflecting a 
year-on-year growth of 21%. 
 
The credit rating for DCCDL was upgraded to ICRA AA positive stable during the quarter, 
indicating the inherent strength and quality of our rental portfolio. Our non-SEZ segment 
continues to operate at healthy occupancy level of 97%. Our new office development across 
Gurugram and Chennai continue to garner strong interest from large occupiers, consequently 
have achieved a pre-leasing of approximately 91%. 
 
The government decision for the amendment in the SEZ regulation allowing floor wise de-
notification should lead recovery in the SEZ segment, too. We expect normalcy to return in 
occupancy levels in this segment over next few quarters. 
 
Our retail business continues to deliver strong growth, and hence, we continue to remain focused 
on increasing our retail portfolio across multiple geographies. We remain committed to our goals 
of delivering consistent and profitable growth, which is well supported by the strong 
performance in our residential business, healthy pipeline of new products, quality asset in the 
growing rental portfolio, backed by a healthy balance sheet and supportive market dynamics. 
 
With this, I will end, and we can now open the floor for the Q&A session. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The first question is from the line of Pritesh Sheth from Motilal Oswal. 
Please go ahead.  
Pritesh Sheth: 
So first question is on launches, good to see a very strong pipeline now for next couple of years. 
You have already mentioned about projects in Gurugram, Chennai, Goa, first phase of Mumbai. 
Can you elaborate or quantify more on the size of these launches that are expected next year? 
And what are the key additions in terms of projects beyond FY '25 that you have mentioned? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Okay. So I'll hand over to Aakash really for elaborating. But on an overall basis, the key projects 
that we are ready for launch now is clearly a, the next phase, and hopefully subsequent phases 
of our immensely successful launch in Privana. There would be a luxury project coming up on 
the Golf Course Road in DLF 5 for sure. We have a launch lined up in Chennai of a luxury 
project and 1 lined up in Goa. We will have the first phase of our Mumbai launch next year, and 
we'll have a small launch in Panchkula. 
 
Aakash, you want to further talk about this. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Aakash Ohri: 
So the super luxury project in -- on the Golf Course Road will be about 450-odd apartments that 
will be some time in -- after the first quarter. Then there is the Privana, as we were just talking 
about. Privana 2 is another 800-odd apartment, Privana West of 1,100. This Chennai is going to 
be followed average size of apartments about 2,400 to 2,800 square feet. And then there's going 
to be Mumbai. The Panchkula is going to be another small development, but that will be size of 
about, say, INR500-odd crores floors and some commercial. So that's what we have right now. 
 
And in terms of value, we had earlier mentioned also, there is tremendous potential, both from 
the point of view of luxury and super luxury across the board, across geographies. And in order 
of launches, we are starting with Gurgaon and taking -- I mean, after these 2 launches here, we 
will move to Mumbai and Chennai. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Got it. So full 3 million square feet, which was expected this year in DLF 5 is now happening 
next year, FY '25, is it? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes, yes. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
And Mumbai would be 1 million square feet that we have earlier planned. That would be the 
first phase? 
Aakash Ohri: 
Yes. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay. Okay. Got it. I'll connect with Kuldeep separately for other details. So thanks for that. In 
terms of margin expectations now, considering we have a big -- we had a big launch with a very 
healthy pricing of INR18,000. How should our blended margin should, I mean, track going 
ahead, considering we have been doing a lot in terms of pricing now. So that's my question on 
margins. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So I think, obviously, the margins will be driven by individual launches, an example the DLF 5 
launch will obviously have the highest margin amongst everything. But overall, I think we 
should be ballpark in the pivot of 45% to 50% on the overall margin for new launches. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Okay. That should be the corporate margins and not the project level margins, right? I mean that 
should be how blended the margins will look like blended P&L once these projects are 
recognized? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Exactly. Exactly. Because you may -- you will unfortunately still see a lag between the time that 
these are launched and until the time that these are recognized because of the accounting policy 
issues, most of these projects should translate into that sort of margin, yes. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
Sure. Got it. And just 1 last. I mean these things are really looking very good in terms of size of 
the sales that is happening INR7,000 crores, INR8,000 crores getting sold out within 3 days odd. 
Are you at all worried with how things are picking up so fast? And specifically, obviously you 
would have also known a few of the Arbour units that were sold out that are again coming back 
to market at a premium kind of pricing. So investors are making good money. But should we -- 
should one be concerned at all about these things from the demand perspective. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Aakash Ohri: 
So I'll tell you what's happening with the demand. I've been saying this for -- since the Grove 
time -- what is happening today is that real estate, the residential real estate has become a priority 
spend. It is no more -- it is not something that people earlier used to procrastinate. The young 
generation used to -- would prefer to live on rentals than actually buy. I am seeing a major shift 
from 30-year onwards of this segment, which is now coming into the actual purchase of 
residential properties. 
 
Also, post-COVID, people want better homes, better connectivity, larger homes, more spacious 
homes and closer to nature and so on and so forth. So what I'm seeing right now -- in fact, what 
you just mentioned about the Arbour, we've got about 1,150-odd units in Arbour. There will 
always be, in any point in time that you see in projects all over the world, you will see. There 
will always be about 5% to 10% that will be up for trade every year. That's not an alarming 
situation at all. In fact, it's a very healthy situation with the kind of premium that the second and 
third sales are generating. That further shows robustness in the demand and the market. 
 
As far as your point about the -- where the demand is coming from, I've categorized this earlier 
also during our press briefings. So I am seeing, I wouldn't call it an influx, but I'm seeing a very 
favourable demand from the NRIs. I credit this to the government's outreach led by the 
Honourable  Prime minister himself with the Indian diaspora all over the world. So there is this 
nostalgia or a certain piece of the Indian pie that they now want to take. And what happened in 
the previous decade, I feel that because of unscrupulous elements coming into it, delayed 
constructions, foreign exchange issues and also the NRIs had burnt their fingers and didn't want 
to venture into an Indian real estate market. 
 
So everybody else benefited. Today, I am seeing that happening. We worked on the NRI markets 
over the last 2 years extensively all over the world. We've mined, we've met, we've presented. 
So what you are seeing is not just a by the way, kind of a thing, yes, definitely any tailwind is 
very welcome. But we have established our price points and our projects in various geographies. 
If you see across over the last I'd say, at least 3 years, where definitely the tailwind is helping 
us. But I think also the brand is very strong. And there's a certain commitment that we make to 
the customers and the customers appreciate it. 
 
So I think if you look at it from that point of view, there is a good -- a very robust demand that 
I see today. And these are people who want -- and also one more important point I'd like to raise 
here. These are not speculators or investors. These are people who are wanting to move into 
better and bigger homes, and they want this to happen. 
 
So if you see it today, I can safely say I have about 80-20 ratio. 80% is retail and people who are 
actual owners and 20% may be these investors or otherwise. That's what the market is today. I 
can speak for DLF. So that's what I'm saying. 
Pritesh Sheth: 
No, got it. That's very helpful. So that's it from my side. I have a few more questions, but I'll 
jump back in queue. And all the best to Vivek for his new role. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. Please go ahead. May I 
request the management members we move to the next question. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Yes. We can -- Saurabh can come back later. We can move to the next one. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Sir, congratulations on strong numbers. A couple of things I wanted to check on slide 12 and 13 
basically the development potential versus launch pipeline. So on the luxury side, you seem to 
have two types of products, right? So in FY '25, ASPs closer to INR50,000 and then it's like 
INR30,000 in FY '25. So how does this correspond with the DLF 5 land bank or some other 
products here. So that's question one. 
 
And secondly, also, similarly, New Gurgaon, if you can help us explain, is the inventory now 
almost all the Privana type in terms of ASP north of INR15,000? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So on the first one, you are right, the sale in 24-25 is the DLF 5. The sale in the subsequent year, 
which is closer to an ASP almost of INR30,000 or INR28,000 is actually within DLF City, but 
not in DLF 5. We have two or three developments, including some on the next round of city 
floors in DLF phases 1 to 4. And those typically, I think this is the fair price for those. 
 
I mean internally, anything sort of north of mid-20s, we classify as luxury. And hence, I think, 
that's the price difference you see between 24-25 and the year after. On New Gurgaon, clearly, 
Privana has set a new benchmark for sure. And I think there are a lot of sectors. A, we have 
about 116 odd acres in Privana itself. And then there are contiguous sectors ahead which also 
hopefully should sort of, I mean, gradually dovetail into ecosystem. 
 
There is a new Gurgaon on the opposite side of the highway as well, which possibly could trade 
at a slightly lower price or may take actually longer to come up to the same levels, but I think 
clearly, new Gurgaon is now definitely early to mid-teens product even under all circumstances 
and the Privana ecosystem is clearly debuted at late '18 and hopefully would keep on 
strengthening from there. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Excellent, sir. And similarly, I mean, just 1 small doubt on the DLF 5, where we say we have 
got 24 million square feet. Now after all of these launches are done, I believe, we'll still have 
like a lot here, right? I mean 20 million more to go given the TOD upside and all. Is that fair? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Yes. So you are right that the DLF 5 has about 20 or 20-plus millions of existing pipelines and 
then the TOD pipeline, et cetera, will come in. So I mean, even at its sort of a very aggressive 
pace of 1 million, 1.5 million per year, I think the DLF 5 has a very deep pipeline, you're right. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
And sir, just lastly, and many more questions, but I will come later maybe. On the acquisition 
that you have announced just like half an hour back, can you demystify it a bit, which land is 
this? And when can we actually see the transaction complete, please? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Sure. So this is land on the Golf Course extension road. There's a developer there who had 
distressed loans from these 2 lenders, Standard Chartered and Deutsche and we have been 
working with the 2 lenders and the developer for almost now the last better part of 12 months 
into trying to structure this transaction. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
And what we have done today is that we have signed up the documents to acquire the debt from 
these 2 lenders. And now hopefully, in an amicable fashion, we will work with the developer to 
take control of these. I mean, we identified about 29 acres of group housing land here which 
should translate, including TOD and TDR to about 7.5 million square feet of saleable area, 
almost bang on Golf Course extension road via Sector 61 and I think it may take us, to be fair, 
with all the approvals, etcetera. 
It may take us the better part of 12 months to have it really for coming to the market. But 
definitely, this is a geography where after Arbour, we were not present, and I think this will be 
a very big addition to our entire sort of inventory. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Great sir, this is the IREO  part of the IREO bids, right? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Yes. That is correct. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Okay, sir. Excellent. And will join back for more. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Goela from Rare Enterprises. 
Amit Goela: 
This question is for Mr. Khattar. Sir, now that you've got that SEZ notification, which has come 
through, that 84%, when do you expect that to get normalized kind of situation because that will 
then improve the entire occupancy? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes. Amit, thanks for asking a question. I was honestly feeling a little left out between the new 
launches and the pricing in the -- on the revenue side... 
Amit Goela: 
I will make it a point to ask you a question every time. 
Sriram Khattar: 
So I'm glad the SEZ notification came out in the beginning of December. And we have done our 
homework after that. And as we speak, we have already applied for all the SEZs for the floors 
that could be denotified under the new circular. So if we look at an overall portfolio of SEZs of 
13-odd million, we have applied for 1.1 million to be denotified. 
 
Now the process is that once we do it, make the application, we have to simultaneously go to a 
chartered surveyor preferably recognized by the government authorities and work out what is 
the level of equivalent of duty drawback that we have to pay. And we are in the process of doing 
that. 
 
We believe that this -- we've also been in touch with the ministry officials who will take some 
more time for starting to clear all this once they put the whole process in place. We believe that 
by March and April beginning, we showed April middle, we should be able to get these 
denotified. And we will be putting them on rent in the market for leasing in the month of March 
and then take it up from there. 
Amit Goela: 
Okay. Sriram, plus this under construction Downtown in Chennai, which is there, where you are 
saying that 90% is leased out. When do you see the revenue from this kicking in? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes. So Downtown Block 4 Gurgaon should be ready by the end of this year and revenue will 
flow from Q1 of '25. Downtown Chennai Block 1 and 2 should be -- we should start paying, the 
OC has come. The tenant fit outs are going on, and we expect the rental to start from Q1 of FY 
'25. Sorry, Block 4 will be from FY '26 first quarter and Block 1 and 2 in Chennai first quarter 
of FY '25 and Standard Chartered will be from fourth quarter of FY '25. 
Amit Goela: 
Okay. So most of it will kick in '25, '26? 
Sriram Khattar: 
So Block 4 and Standard Chartered block will kick in, in FY '25, '26. Chennai Block 1 and 2, 
which is 2 million square feet, will kick in, in '24, '25. 
Amit Goela: 
And one last point on this. See, on the cash flow of DLF, there will be dividend payment from 
the DCCDL of INR258 crores. So that is what sequential quarterly paid or what exactly is this? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
No. So Amit Ji, what we have agreed now with GIC and Mr. Khattar, and Mr. Khattar agreement 
was a tougher one to obtain than GICs, I could assure you, is that he will take -- that basically 
Cyber City should pay a dividend twice a year. You are every 6 months in that sense, because it 
is a more predictable business instead of accumulating cash through the year and only paying it 
once. 
 
So twice a year, we should -- ideally they should pay dividend. DLF will still pay dividend to 
shareholders hopefully only once a year. But from Cyber City, we receive it twice a year. 
Amit Goela: 
Okay. Thank you so much. And finally, like Vivek, all the very best on your new assignment. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JP Morgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Am I audible? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Yes, sir, you are. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Sir, a few questions. One is, I was just looking at your RERA filings for Privana and 
Arbour. So your construction costs incrementally are in the INR9,000 range. Is there a reason 
why the construction costs are so high? Is it like just a high-spec apartment which you're doing. 
So what would explain such high construction costs, which is -- because I mean the question is 
essentially your gross margin should be going up and they're not? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So Saurabh, what we are doing now, given the entire material inflation in the last 4 to 5 years, 
is that we assume a 5% year-on-year material cost escalation, which is baked into this number. 
And I think there's a 5% contingency for any unforeseen expenses baked in. 
 
So actually, if you were to ask Devendra Singh, who is running that project, what -- 100% of 
expenses were to be outflowed today, the number may be closer to seven and a half, 7,500-7,700 
but the balance 1,200 to 1,500 is actually the provision for the next 4 years inflation and a 
potential contingency. The contingency provision keeps on reducing as we keep on ordering 
more and more. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. So your gross margins in that case should not have a -- I mean, will have an upside only, 
so hopefully... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
The contingency is under control. They should go. Because frankly, I mean, you are aware that 
the last 12, 15 years there have been a couple of cycles when inflation has caught us off guard. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. The second is, again, on this price sustainability. So you launched Privana, which 
was awesome. And then your competitors also kind of cashed into the momentum and kind of 
did some launches maybe slightly lower. 
But point is that what do you think about the sustainability of this price increase which you're 
seeing in Gurgaon which is like completely delinked with what's happening in rest of India. So 
I understand the inventory is low, but at what point it becomes an affordability challenge? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So what is happening, Saurabh is that affordability also comes with a certain degree of what you 
are prioritizing in life. So as I say, your residential sales post-COVID earlier, people thought it's 
an aberration, people thought it's maybe couple of months phenomena, then they said no, it's 
going to be carrying on for a year, then they said 2 years now. 
 
Now it's accepting that there is a certain set of people who have now decided to come into the 
fray who historically were not buying real estate, okay? And that's the age group of between 30 
to 40. Then the NRIs have started to come back in a good way to invest in the country. 
 
So as far as price sustainability is concerned, if you see the overall infrastructure in and around, 
Privana, let me just make that as a case in point for you. It is the hub between the Dwarka 
Expressway, the Mumbai Expressway, the -- this Jaipur National Highway. So basically, if you 
look at its connectivity wise and it abuts  10,000 acres of a green lung, you can't get it better. 
 
Now with regard to the acceptance as far as price points are concerned, I think, I will still choose 
to believe that our pricing has been very responsible, because if you see the kind of madness that 
was going on in Gurgaon earlier, we have kind of -- not only we have kept ourselves away from 
that greed and that lure and both -- and have demonstrated this very strongly, both in Arbour and 
in Privana that we could have picked up at least INR2,000 per square foot more, which we didn't. 
So we kept money on the table for the investors. So that is one. 
 
Second, as far as we are concerned and as far as Privana is concerned, the ecosystem, the entire 
ecosystem, and the contiguous land parcel that we have. I'm calling it the DLF 6, so all the 
learnings that we have had in DLF 5 obviously, DLF 5 is super luxury, so we're not comparing 
it apple-to-apple. But I'm saying all the learnings of infra, social infra, everything else that we 
had, we will be taking that to Privana. 
 
So you will only see a price increase. And again, I think, what has happened today is that there 
is a certain set of people. If you see the size of investors has increased over the last 3 years and 
the acceptability of residential real estate investments as an asset class has now become the top 
priority. So I think that is what is it. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
If you see what was happening to the capital markets over the last 5 years, why aren't people 
saying that how come investments went from certain billion to certain billion where are you 
seeing that with the FIIs pull out will individually retail guys. So everybody is trying to grow 
their market, but in the real estate thing, there is -- I'm seeing a very sustained demand, Saurabh. 
And I feel that this 80% because a lot of these investors, in fact, let me make another point clear 
to you. This time even deduped the Arbour data. So people who got the Arbour were not in the 
line of reference for Privana. So for people that -- and in fact, I'm extremely wary of these fly 
by  night investors because we don't -- we'd rather have -- and we have enough people wanting 
to get better homes from DLF. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Saurabh. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes, you are the guy with the golden touch, sir. So I just want to just add on to one thing on this 
price thing because the Privana's price is what Magnolias was like 8, 9 years back, I mean that's 
my limited point that Magnolias stated at 18,000, Privana under construction, you've kind of got 
to that price. So -- but maybe I'll take it offline. 
Aakash Ohri: 
Happy to tell you what Magnolias is trading today at INR55,000 to INR60,000 a square foot. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. No, I understand that. Okay. Just one last... 
Aakash Ohri: 
These are second and third phase, Saurabh. So I'm not even -- I mean, yes, I have a very strong 
retrade team, which is assisting people there. But that's what the price points are in Gurgaon 
today. And if you're wanting a better life, you want -- I say it's a great melting point. It is not 
only just price point related, it is also becoming the most preferred destination for living, both 
from the infrastructure point of view and the social infrastructure point of view. 
And of course, the connectivity to the airport and everything else, 95% of the offices, big Fortune 
500 companies are there, good schools, great ecosystem, fantastic golf courses, leisure 
opportunities, cinemas, you don't need anything out of this zone that has been created. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. So maybe next time in Gurgaon, we can see that New Gurgaon market plan. So just very 
quickly moving on. Sir, just on the construction spend, your construction spends now go up very 
substantially from here on because of the sales velocity. 
And I mean, are there any changes you've done because now you're giving fully fitted out 
apartments historically, we've had delays. Are there -- I mean, as you spends go up, are you 
confident of meeting the timelines you have kind of thought about because your sales have gone 
up roughly 6x. I mean, the deliveries will have to keep pace. How do you think about that? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So you're right, Saurabh. So I think the 2 things we have done is obviously significant 
strengthening of our construction teams on the ground. And also a significant diversification of 
the contracting ecosystem, frankly. So we are no longer working with just the 2 or 3 Grade A 
contractors. We have diversified.  

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
We have strengthened our sourcing team. We have strengthened our accounts payable team. The 
entire value chain of that entire construction process, we have definitely -- because we clearly 
understand that that could be a weak link if it's not focused on. And I think that's what we are 
doing. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. And just one last question. When do we see the P&L acceleration in terms of revenue 
recognition? Or when should that start to happen? Maybe Vivek can answer that? We'll hold 
him to account still in the new company. 
Vivek Anand: 
Saurabh, I think this was asked earlier as well. So I think it's a matter of time before these new 
sales will start converting it into revenue. So I think possibly my estimate that it will take another 
two years before you see the revenue actually growing almost in line with the new sales booking. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Mohit Agarwal from IIFL. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
So my first question is, I wanted to have a view -- your view on the demand for independent 
floor segment, especially in Gurgaon. So is the momentum continuing like what we were seeing 
last year, last two years or -- was it more like a post-COVID trend when -- and now homebuyers 
are back to buying apartments. So any thoughts on that? And within our launches, how much 
are we -- what share is independent floors for FY'25 in the launches? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So independent floors, most of it that we had we sold. In fact, we just got the last 30-odd units 
to go as far as floors are concerned, independent floors. And one thing that -- since you asked 
that question, I'd like to say, because I -- we keep doing these analysis even within. There's a 
certain set of customers who only prefers to be in these floors or independent homes. The 
managing of independent homes is becoming quite a hassle for most of the people. So people 
are graduating to living in floors and there is a little bit of a community thing also. 
 
Yet, it is tradable and manageable. So also happy to let you all know that the DLF independent 
floors are being traded at a premium of upward of 15% to 20%, which are happening today. And 
the set of people, and there are plenty because if you look at upcountry, they've not lived in 
condominiums. If you look at Delhi, most of Delhi has never lived in condominiums. 
 
So I am getting -- I have a massive, I'd say, interest that comes in and demand that comes in 
from upcountry as well as Delhi. People who historically lived in independent homes or even 
floors there are now starting to upgrade because their children go to school here or they work 
here. So I'm seeing a lot of those people wanting to move here. 
 
They had the choice of condominium living, they chose independent floors. So as a brand, I will 
continue to say that whatever -- I don't have much to your second question. I don't have much in 
Q4 or Q1 of independent floors. But if I can answer it this way, should I get an opportunity, I 
look forward to it. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay. Understood. My second question is in your land bank slide, you mentioned in the 
comment below that the TOD potential is not being considered. Could you give some color 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
around this? How big could this be? And which areas is where you see the maximum TOD 
potential? And when does this come into your land bank? Or when does this come into play only 
once you exhaust the existing pipeline or it could be more opportunistic? So some color on that. 
Yes. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So whenever we launch a project, so as an example, when we launched Privana. We look at the 
TOD/TDR entitlement that Privana had and try to maximize that. So it's not that only once we 
complete this project when we start engaging on TOD and TDR because TOD and TDR is used 
on the existing land bank. It's sort of retrofits on the existing land bank. So this is done on a 
project-to-project basis, they will in all fairness from micro geographies in Gurgaon also where 
we may not be able to consume the entire TOD and TDR entitlement because of either height 
restrictions or footprint restrictions on account of buildings already built. 
 
So this is a WIP in all fairness, but I think this will add to this number by a significant margin 
for sure. But we are not letting TOD/TDR yet. Whenever we are doing a new project, we try to 
sort of assess the maximization of TOD and TDR, we can do in that project, both on the DevCo 
side and on the RentCo side. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay. And -- okay, understood. And lastly, any update on the Midtown Tower D launch? And 
are we planning to launch this in -- of FY'24? Or will it spread into FY'25? 
Aakash Ohri: 
What has happened is that all this hullabaloo that Gurgaon has been -- all the attention that 
Gurgaon has been getting, we have almost sold-out Tower D. We've got the last 70-odd units 
left of One Midtown. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Before we launch. 
Aakash Ohri: 
Even before we planned to do this in Q4, first Q3, Q4, but we are almost cleaned, just 70-odd 
units there. So I don't think that it merits a launch. And there is just Tower D left now. The four-
bedroom we had always planned to do with the club launch, which is sometime in Q1 or Q2. 
But I don't think really now -- I don't think we're going to be doing a big bang launch or anything. 
We're almost out of 225 to 235-odd units, we're almost there, just 70 units to go. So that is also, 
I think, we'll clean this up this quarter. So I don't think there'll be a launch anymore there. 
Mohit Agarwal: 
Okay. That's perfect. Thanks a lot for answering my questions and wish you the best, Vivek. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thanks, Mohit 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC Securities. 
Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, sir. Thanks a lot for the opportunity and congratulations on a great quarter. So after achieving 
our guidance of INR13,000 crores, so what are the next targets for FY'24 and '25? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So, depending on how the entire launch pipeline pans out, I mean, clearly, we will be looking at 
a number which is at least a moderate increase from what we achieved in FY 2024. I mean, 
traditionally, as you know, we come up with the launch -- with the launch guidance -- the sales 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
guidance for next year, typically in the annual closing analyst call, which will be in early to mid-
May, which is when we would update this.  
By that time, this entire thing on, when are we launching Privana 2, the final timeline on the 
DLF 5 launch, all of these uncertainties would also have been frozen by then. So -- but I clearly 
look at a number which is hopefully a 15, 15 plus number at a very moderate level for next year. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And even for FY'24 now being done, INR13,000 crores, if you're looking at that INR15,000 
crores plus for the full year as a whole? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So I think -- as I think Aakash mentioned earlier also on some of the interactions post Privana, 
we are trying to see if we can advance the launch of 1 major project, which is currently stated 
for Q1 into Q4. I mean, obviously, the market is there and the customer pipeline is there. I think 
it's a question of can we get all the approval process done by mid-March for it to launch. 
 
I think there's clearly -- there will be a launch, Parikshit, definitely before the end of April for 
sure. Whether it happens on 15th March or 15th April is something that I think we are not 
necessarily losing our sleep about. But I think clearly, we do expect that the next round of 
Privana should come to the market, hopefully, in the very near term. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Great. Just the last question on this new land bank, which we have announced. So you said 7.5 
million square feet would be I understand the carpet sale -- carpet area and 12-odd will be 
sellable. So this INR825 crores would be the total... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Parikshit, 7.5 million square feet saleable is what we said. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Sorry sir, what? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
7.5 million square feet sellable area. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. It's sellable because I think you earlier mentioned 12.5, I think just on that. So this INR825 
crores is the total consideration for the sellable area and beyond that you will also need to invest 
on TOD? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
No, INR825 crores was the outstanding loan that the developer had vis-à-vis these two banks. 
Actually, the loan was what I think INR1,200 crores. The bankers agreed to take a haircut as a 
one-time settlement. So INR825 crores is what we have bought the loan at from the bankers. We 
are in the process of finalizing our agreement with the developer for acquisition of these 29 acres 
with -- with that requisite FAR. And I think whatever is the delta would then need to be paid 
out. So INR825 crores is not the consideration for 29 acres. The consideration would be slightly 
higher than that. But INR825 crores is the price at which we have bought these bonds from the 
current bondholders. So that now we are the lender and we will now run that process in amicable 
manner to acquire the targeted land. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And what would be the total development potential in terms of value, 7.5 sellable, what kind of 
sales potential is there? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
Ashok Tyagi: 
I don't want to hazard a guess, but Aakash what will extension road, what will be the sales price. 
So I think 7.5 would be late teens.  
Aakash Ohri: 
But I'll let Saurabh speculate that. I'm dreading saying anything to you all. No, it's a fantastic 
parcel. We are very excited about it. And it will be -- hopefully, as soon as we get it, I think it's 
going to be a good turnaround. Also, you know what the Golf Course Road is trading at today. 
So at this point in time, I think, let us do -- get into the market a little bit, let us do our surveys, 
but it will be a good number, again, responsible number. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
And this is not included in the presentation... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
No, this is not included in the launch guidance because the launch guidance was prepared 
yesterday evening and this agreement was signed today afternoon. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Thank you, sir. Those are my questions. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Kunal Lakhan from CLSA. Please go ahead. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Yes. Hi, good evening. Just wanted to understand like since Mumbai is second in line after 
Gurgaon in terms of launches, what are the specs that we are looking at? What kind of units, 
what kind of ticket sizes we'll be launching there? 
Aakash Ohri: 
So right now, it's going to be premium plus, ticket size, again, yet to be fully finalized, but it will 
be between INR5.5 crores to INR7.5 crores. And as far as the sizes are concerned, we were just 
about, yes, it's three-bedroom, three-bedroom plus, but we're just about finalizing over that. But 
it's -- it's going to be a good development again in the lines of what DLF does with infrastructure 
and all that. And of course, the lifestyle with the club and everything else will come with it. 
 
So as far as the product is concerned, I mean, the first cut has come out pretty well. So yes, 
please keep a look out for us. And I think that's the price point that at this point in time that we're 
looking at, but I am now getting -- I'm going to be spending some time in Mumbai starting, say, 
maybe February, March onwards, and some realization price thing we'll kind of do once we are 
on ground. But more or less, we've got an idea of what we're going to be launching at. And I 
think, yes, I mean, we're also pretty excited to come to Mumbai. So yes. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And any update on Tulsiwadi? I mean Mumbai also has been doing well, especially the 
luxury bit, right? And that location is like well sought out for. So any update there? And any 
timeline that we internally hold that to start looking at monetizing that project? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
No. So I mean Tulsiwadi, obviously, we are currently at the rough end of the legal fight. I mean, 
as you may have read about four, five months back, one of the three -- three shareholders, 
frankly, I mean, basically acquired -- the land was sort of auctioned in a very less than transparent 
manner to an ARC who transferred it to an affiliate of one of the shareholders. 
So currently, both us and Shapoorji Pallonji are in extremely intensive litigation with, frankly, 
both the lenders, PNBHFL and the concerned ARC and we are hoping for a fair and equitable 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
resolution of that. So clearly, it's not coming up for a launch anytime soon because some of these 
legal issues have to be resolved. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. And lastly, we are generating these very strong free cash flows both in DLF as well as 
DCCDL. But in terms of our new business plans or new development plans, I mean, we got into 
Mumbai, but are we looking at any other market actively besides Mumbai on the West or on the 
southern side? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So we are clearly looking at certain opportunities to -- from a growth standpoint. As you recall, 
Vivek always used to say that free cash flow will be used for shareholder returns and growth 
capital. So we're still looking at growth capital. But truth be told, most of our opportunities that 
we are pursuing right now are within the NCR fold in that sense, which is where I think we have 
a strong presence and hopefully can deliver value. 
Sriram Khattar: 
So we've actually taken Vivek's guidance very seriously. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Sure, sure. Khattar ji, one quick question for you. We did highlight that last time that we 
are seeing discussions or interest coming back from GCCs, although nothing has been put on 
paper yet, but are we seeing incremental signs of like new leasing coming back, especially from 
the larger players, larger GICs and MNCs? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, the demand or the interest from GCCs continues to be robust. And I believe that in the next 
few quarters, it will only grow. When these GCCs come to India, they look for 3, 4 aspects where 
I daresay at the cost of and I don't want to be immodest, where we are able to sort of satisfy quite 
well. 
 
One is they look at what levels of sustainability do we have? And what steps do we take in that 
area and in the area of ESG. Secondly, look at what we can provide for the employees of these 
GCCs who come in terms of social infrastructure and better-quality amenities, safety, security, 
et cetera. 
 
Third, they look at scalability. And fourth, they look at the quality of the real estate developer. 
So I think as we go forward, this definition of so-called Grade A office space at 700 million will 
slowly get -- start getting segmented where we will have Grade A++ office space and Grade A 
office space. And Grade A++ office space, I daresay would be between 150 million to 250 
million. And that is the segment we would continue to operate and grow. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure, sure. But in case -- in a sense, are you expecting like larger deals to start closing from, say, 
a couple of quarters? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, we expect larger deals to close from a couple of quarters. I may share with you a deal that 
was closed recently. To our surprise, one of our tenants wanted to see our pipeline of growth for 
the next seven years when -- and this was in Gurgaon and when we shared that with him, 
Downtown Phase 2 for which only we have started doing the roughs and preparatory work on 
the site. There was a building -- we have 4.5 million square feet of offices coming behind the 
mall, and that's a total of about 7.5 million developments. 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
So this very marquee GCC took 160,000 square feet with deposits with an auction, hard auction 
to take on another 160,000 in a building for which we have not yet started construction. We are 
having also strong inquiries on our joint venture with Hines, which in terms of timing, we have 
planned well so, say, downtown 4 gets delivered end of this calendar year. 
And the joint venture with Hines, which we call Atrium Place those buildings start getting ready 
from, say, April, May of '25. Therefore, there are well sort of timed. And by the time they get 
completed, we will have the Phase 2 of Downtown delivery starting to come in place with a lag 
of about 6 months to 12 months. 
Kunal Lakhan: 
Sure. Sure. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Abhinav Sinha from Jefferies. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Khattar sir, just a quick follow-up on Kunal's question. So on the rent side, are we seeing some 
movement or it's still a few quarters away? 
Sriram Khattar: 
No. touchwood, we are seeing the rents getting not only stabilized but moving up. I am pleased 
to share that the last lease that we did in Downtown 4 was at INR150 a square foot. And the last 
lease that we did at Downtown in Chennai was at INR100 a square foot. So we are seeing rental 
slowly inching up. Cyber City, our budget for this year was INR114 and we'll probably be doing 
slightly better than the budget in the current year. 
Abhinav Sinha: 
Right. And sir, last one on DCCDL transfer that we have seen the DLF centre. So I mean, are 
we looking to transfer the remaining also from DLF and including the ones -- the malls, I think, 
which are under construction? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So one thing we have realized is that it's frankly from a value realization standpoint, it's always 
best to transfer assets once they are completed and rent yielding versus when they are in the 
development phase and subject to a lot of assumptions and valuation, et cetera. I mean, if you 
recall, we had transferred the parent Cyber City assets in September -- December '17, transferred 
the next rung of assets in September 2019. 
 
In some sense, this is the third tranche of those assets. So we -- I mean the DLF Cyber City -- 
DLF Centre transfer required the permission from the minority shareholders. So hence, we have 
taken it ultimately to Board this time and now we'll run the minority shareholder process. 
 
And hopefully, by the time this closes, we may also be looking to transfer one or two other assets 
which are currently in active rental on the DLF side of the equation on to Cyber City assuming 
they're able to settle the price and other terms agreement with GIC at Cyber City. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Saurabh Kumar from JPMorgan. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Sir, just a few follow-ups. So one is this Atrium Place, it says sales value. So I mean, the intention 
is to sell it or it's part of your development that is INR7,000 crores? Or is that just a capital 
value? 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So this is a capital value. I mean the idea being obviously Saurabh, there is some stage as and 
when Cyber City does have a monetized solution, Atrium Place may also be -- potentially 
contribute to that. But this is not -- this building hardcore for lease. This is like a classical RentCo 
asset. It's just that as and when the monetization proposition or solution comes up for Cyber City 
as a whole, we'll talk to Hines at that time to see also if we can contribute that as well into that 
modality. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. And current visibility, sir, where will you think the exit rental for FY25 stabilizes now? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Saurabh, I was waiting for this question, it should stabilize between INR5,100 crores and 
INR5,200 crores fiscal -- FY25. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
FY25. Okay. INR5,100 crores, INR5,200. And this will exclude Atrium, right? I mean, Atrium 
will be? 
Sriram Khattar: 
Yes, it excludes Atrium… 
Ashok Tyagi: 
March '24 exit is… 
Saurabh Kumar: 
And in the parent, it will -- should be at the current run rate, right? And the DLF... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
The DLF Centre it comes at -- DLF Centre will get reduced from parent and go into Cyber City. 
So that INR65 crores or INR60 crores, INR65 crores will get direct to Cyber City. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
But nothing is completing in DLF in the next one year, right? In one of the malls you were 
building or the... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
The malls will come into play in the fiscal... 
Sriram Khattar: 
Noida will come into play. So that's about INR50-odd crores. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
INR55 crores in Noida, yes. 
Sriram Khattar: 
So what will happen on the DLF side that one side -- once the DLF Centre deal is consummated 
about INR60 crores of rental will shift from DLF to DCCDL. But in DLF, the two, the data 
centre one and about 0.5 million of IT Park that will start really yielding range of roughly an 
equivalent amount, maybe INR5crores a year. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Yes. So basically, DLF remains constant that goes up. Okay. Got it. Just one last question, sir, 
on this deal, which you've done. For me like effectively, your property prices are going up, but 
if I look at the transaction and even if I make assumptions around land cost, other charges, land 
cost is not going up, right? So you're basically buying 7.5 million square feet for less than, I 
don't know, maybe INR1,400, INR1,500 a square foot. So that's a very sweet spot for you as a 
developer to use cash when land price is not going up, property prices going up, so your 
incremental margins are better. I mean if you want to comment on that? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
So Saurabh, you're right and very rough back of the envelope computation, from the agreed land 
cost and all the governmental charges required to go up to peak the 4.5 plus FAR. I think our 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
landed land cost will come to around or less than INR2,500 per square foot of saleable area. And 
so obviously, given the price points, hopefully in the Golf Course extension road, that is a fairly 
sweet spot. 
Saurabh Kumar: 
So when should you be doing more of this, like, I mean, this is like the situation doesn't last for 
long right? 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Saurabh, this transaction has taken 19 months of my life... 
Saurabh Kumar: 
I got my... 
Ashok Tyagi: 
19 months of my life, my HbA1c has shot up by about 20% in this transaction. So -- let's -- we'll 
do it... 
Saurabh Kumar: 
It takes only two days for Aakash to sell it. Yes. 
Sriram Khattar: 
The sugar levels of Aakash and Ashok are constant.. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
But I mean delegating this distressed effect the… 
Saurabh Kumar: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question of our question-and-answer session. 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ashok Tyagi for closing comments. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Thank you. So, A, obviously, I would like to thank all of you for, again, coming out and 
supporting us. Yes, we have hopefully had a very good quarter, and I think this is a harbinger of 
possibly not only the next quarter, but hopefully, the next couple of years, if not longer. I mean 
both the DevCo and the RentCo, both offices and malls. 
I mean, really all the segments are firing right now in unison. I mean the one delta there was, 
was with respect to SEZ lands and that also has now been rectified. So hopefully, all the engines 
of the company should be working together. 
 
Our free cash flow is now reasonably strong. We have -- as I mentioned earlier, we'll keep on 
distributing that across shareholder returns and growth capital. So I think overall, I think the 
company is definitely hopefully looks to be -- I mean, the company and the industry look to be 
in a relatively decent zone. 
 
I'd also like to take this opportunity, frankly, to thank Vivek, who, I think, in the last 4.25 years 
of -- four years plus? 
Vivek Anand: 
Four-plus years. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Four-plus years. Honestly, has been tremendous in terms of putting sanity in our process, in our 
cash flow systems in terms of strengthening of the -- not only the teams below him but also the 
IT networks. I mean, in some sense, I think, he was exactly what we needed. And while we tried 
our level test to have him stay back, he wants to ride a motorcycle now, so which is okay. But 

 
DLF Limited 
 
 
January 25, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
again on behalf of all of us, I think we once again thank him enormously for what he contributed 
here. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
All the best, Vivek. 
Vivek Anand: 
Thank you. 
Ashok Tyagi: 
Thank you. 
Sriram Khattar: 
Thank you. 
Aakash Ohri: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of DLF Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
