 
 
February 12, 2024 
 
माघ – शुƑ पƗ, तृतीया 
िवŢम संवत, २०८० 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
“Exchange Plaza”  
Bandra – Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
NSE Code: GHCLTEXTIL 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Corporate Relationship Department, 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring, Rotunda 
Building, P.J. Towers, 
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
BSE Code: 543918 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Filing of Transcript regarding Investors’ conference held on February 6, 
2024 
  
In continuation to our earlier communication dated January 25, 2024 and February 6, 2024 
regarding Investors’ conference on February 6, 2024 and pursuant to requirement of 
Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, we are pleased to attach copy of the transcript regarding said Investors’ conference 
held with the management on February 6, 2024 for your reference and record. 
 
Please note that copy of this intimation is also available on the website of BSE 
Limited (www.bseindia.com/corporates), National 
Stock 
Exchange 
of 
India 
Limited (www.nseindia.com/corporates) 
and 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
(www.ghcltextiles.co.in ). 
 
You are requested to kindly note the same. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully 
 
For GHCL Textiles Limited  
 
 
 
Lalit Narayan Dwivedi 
Company Secretary and Compliance officer 
Membership No.: FCS10487 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LALIT 
NARAYAN 
DWIVEDI
Digitally signed by 
LALIT NARAYAN 
DWIVEDI 
Date: 2024.02.12 
17:09:30 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
 
“GHCL Textiles Limited 
Q3 FY‘24 Results Conference Call” 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
        
 
  
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. R S JALAN – NON EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – GHCL 
TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
MR. RAMAN CHOPRA – NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
GHCL TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
MR. R. BALAKRISHNAN – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
– GHCL TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
MR. N. RAJAGOPALAN – HEAD OF TECHNICAL – 
GHCL TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
MR. GAURAV – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – GHCL 
TEXTILES LIMITED 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. SHEETAL KHANDUJA – GO INDIA ADVISORS 
 
 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to GHCL Textiles Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Go India Advisors. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star then zero on your touch-tone phones. Please note that this conference has been 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sheetal Khanduja from Go India Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you. 
Sheetal Khanduja: 
Aditya, good evening everyone. A warm welcome to everyone attending the GHCL Textiles 
Limited Q3 and 9-month FY24 earnings conference call, this is the maiden concall for GHCL 
Textiles. We have with us on the call today Mr. R.S. Jalan, Non-Executive Director and other 
members from the senior management team. The discussion today may include certain forward-
looking statements and may be therefore viewed in conjunction with the risks the company faces. 
I shall now hand over the call to Mr. Jalan for his opening remarks. Thank you and over to you, 
sir. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Thank you, Sheetal. Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everyone. Ladies and gentlemen, 
we are pleased to welcome you all to our Q3 and 9-month FY24 earnings concall. Our investors' 
presentation has been uploaded on the exchange and we hope you have had the opportunity to 
review it. 
This is our first-ever investor call for GHCL Textiles Limited and I am accompanied by Raman 
Chopra, Non-Executive Director and the management team led by Mr. R. Balakrishnan, CEO, 
Mr. N. Rajagopalan, Head of Technical, and Mr. Gaurav, CFO. In the interest of some of the 
people who are new to the company, let me first start by giving a brief introduction and overview 
of the company, followed by the strategic updates and performance highlights. 
 
GHCL acquired Sri Meenakshi Mill in the year 2001 and the business has been turned around 
from a loss making 65,000 spindles to a new profitable business equipped with state-of-the-art 
manufacturing with 225,000 spindles and 62 megawatts of renewable energy assets. In the last 
20 years, we have achieved a 15% CAGR revenue growth and EBITDA of 31% CAGR growth. 
Our average EBITDA margin for the last five years is 17%. 
 
The spinning business has been demerged into GHCL Textiles Limited and is listed on both the 
National Stock Exchange and the Bombay Stock Exchange since June 12, 2023. This demerger 
was done with the objective to simplify the corporate structure, facilitate independent growth 
path and maximize shareholder value. 
Today, GHCL Textiles is a prominent yarn manufacturer known for its high quality products. 
Our philosophy is to manufacture premium products including high quality yarn. At the core of 
our strength is the ability to deliver customized value-added products that cater to the unique 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
requirements of our customers. With a dedicated workforce of 3,150 employees, among whom 
80% are trained and committed women, we emphasize our commitment to community 
involvement, a significant factor contributing to our success. 
 
Moving into the business scenario, cotton prices are now stable in the domestic market as well 
as in the New York future. Overall, the yarn market seems to be improving now and the domestic 
market demand is better in the value-added count and the imported cotton yarn segment. In the 
Europe and U.S. markets, there are signs of improvement after the festive season. 
In the near term, our outlook as the cotton prices are more stable, we expect the demand to 
recover gradually, spreads should improve and downside seems to be limited. Our Q3 FY24 
revenue from operations showed a year-on-year increase of 5.7%, reaching to INR 246 crores, 
with a 54% coming from a value-added product. 
EBITDA for 9 months FY24 came in at INR 60 crores as compared to INR 70 crores for full 
year 2023. Overall, our plants are operating at 98% plus capacity utilization, balance sheet 
remains healthy at INR 2 crores net debt, which offers ample room for growth. GHCL Textiles 
division's vision is new investment under MOU we have signed with Tamil Nadu government 
with around INR 1035 crores investment. Out of that, INR 360 crores has already been invested 
as on 31st March 2023. 
This investment propels our initiative for expanding capacity, diversifying our product range, 
vertically integrating textile manufacturing to include knitted and woven finished fabric. We 
will augment our green energy portfolio to 75 megawatt from the current 62 megawatt, thereby 
enhancing both cost-benefit and sustainability. We also plan to gradually increase the spindle by 
around 1.5 times. Our vision is to double our revenue in the next 3-5 years and maintain an 
average of 18%-20% EBITDA margin. 
Thank you. We can now open the floor for Q&A.  
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Our first question is from the line of Jalaj from Svan Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Jalaj: 
Thank you sir for an opportunity. Sir, as you indicated that the spreads are improving and there 
is a limited downside. So, can you help us in understanding what were the spreads in the last 
quarter and what are the spreads right now? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, basically as I mentioned to you in terms of the number which I have given you, EBITDA 
margin in this quarter which is Q3 is around 8.2% to be precise. And our expectation in the 
fourth quarter, it should range around 10%-12% kind of a number. And I think 24-25, my belief 
is that this number should come back to the normal of around 15%-17%. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Jalaj: 
So, this is, I mean, what will, is this just a stretch or we are doing, we are improving and I think 
this is also some product level changes that we are doing which will help us in improving this 
margin? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Basically, this will be the major portion of this will be from the market outlook and the cost of 
raw material which is the cotton. Because now the cotton prices as I mentioned is stable and we 
believe that this cotton prices should be in the range bound and the market demand will improve 
and particularly the value added segment which we are focusing on, there also we are seeing a 
demand traction is happening. So, this all will help you and in terms of the efficiency, that is a 
continuous process. 
 
Like I said, my utilization is already 80, 98 plus or maybe in some units it is 99 plus. I do not 
see major benefit coming in. Of course, some benefit of your energy because in the last year or 
current year, in the last second quarter, we have made some green energy investment which has 
started getting the benefit. 
 
So, probably that will also get annual benefit next year. All put together, I think this benefit or 
next year of the outlook which I am talking about. 
Jalaj: 
And sir, in terms of the expansion that you have taken because you have already invested 
INR360 crores in Tamil Nadu, you will be increasing your spindle by 40,000 in two phases. So, 
by when this facility will come and what will be the incremental contribution from these new 
spindles? 
R.S. Jalan: 
You see, this 40,000 spindle has already come in and this is operating fully right now. And 
obviously, that will help us to kind of have a bigger revenue. Next year, 2024-25, you will get 
the full benefit of this revenue as well as the EBITDA margin. Add on to that. 
Jalaj: 
Sir, can you quantify in terms of… 
R.S. Jalan: 
We are also adding another 25,000 spindle. The work has started and that will come on screen 
by March 25. So, benefit of that will come in 2025-26. 
Jalaj: 
So, incremental revenue contribution, can you help us in what can be incremental revenue 
contribution from the 25,000 spindle that will come in FY26? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sir, broadly, roughly around INR250 crores kind of a revenue is coming from that. 
Jalaj: 
Okay, sir. Thank you, sir. That's all from my side. I will come back in a few if you have more 
questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Majid Ahmed from Smart Sync Investment 
Advisor. Please go ahead. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
Majid Ahmed: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Firstly, how is the export revenues looking like and going forward? 
Do we anticipate a larger pay-off revenues coming from exports? Any ballpark numbers that 
you can guide? That's the first question that I have. And secondly, on a capacity expansion, we 
are moving to value-added products, higher margin products. How much incremental revenue is 
expected to add once the capacity expansion is done? And what will be the revenue mix looking 
forward for value-added products and other products? Thank you. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, basically, if you look at in terms of our export footprint, which was in the range of around 
6%, moved in the 9 months, it is around 14%. And gradually, our belief is that the next year, we 
should be hitting a target of around 20%. So gradually, we are increasing our footprint on the 
export. 
 
The second question which you spoke about the new investment. Sorry, if you could repeat your 
question. Second question. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Yes, Yes. So the second question, you are moving to value-added products. How much 
incremental revenue is expected when the capacity expansion is done? That is the first part of 
the second question. And secondly, what is the revenue mix we are looking for, value-added and 
other products? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, so if you look at in terms of our revenue growth, which is approximately this year will be 
likely to be around INR 1,000 crores. This should move next year around INR 1,300 crores to 
INR 1,400 crores kind of revenue should come in. And the second, what you said about the 
revenue from the new investment which we are talking about, next year our revenue will be 
something around INR 1,300 crores to INR 1,400 crores. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Yes, that's fine, but I'm saying the revenue mix for value-added products and other products. 
R.S. Jalan: 
So I think that number we have, I think it's around 52% or 56%, 54% is the value-added product. 
And probably I would say that this should be in the same range bound of 54% - 55% kind of a 
range bound for the next year as well. 
Majid Ahmed: 
What's the margin that you're expecting value-added products going forward? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, margin generally in the value-added product, when we talk about the value-added product, 
I'm talking about the specialized yarn. Let me be very clear on that. The margin spread between 
the commodity and the value-added segment, there are two important differentiation. One, in the 
value-added segment, the fluctuation in the market or the beating on the market condition gets 
reduced. That means your stability of margin will be visible on that. That's number one. And the 
second will be your advantage of margin will be something around 2% to 5% kind of depending 
on what kind of a product. 2% to 5% extra margin you should be getting on that product. 
Majid Ahmed: 
Thank you. All the very best. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from MX Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Good evening, sir. Just to understand, so this quarter, this increased 40,000 spindle is already 
there in this quarter and we are doing around INR250 crores, right? So then how are we 
expecting INR 1,300 crores to INR 1,400 crores in the next financial year? 
R.S. Jalan: 
As you rightly said, if you look at in terms of our total, if you look at '22-'23, you will find our 
revenue was in the range of around INR 900 crores to INR 1,000 crores. And this drop which 
has happened is primarily in spite of this new 40,000 spindle coming in, in spite of that this 
year's revenue, that means there was a significant drop in the per unit sales price, right? So, our 
expectation is that the selling prices will improve because I said that spreads will increase. So 
that's number one.  
Second, the full utilization of this 40,000 spindle and another two investments which we made 
in the other two units of making our product volume higher in two other units, that has just 
completed in December. So the benefit of that will also coming in the next full year. All put 
together, based on this, our expectation is around INR1,300 crores of investment will come in. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So sir, 225 was the earlier one, 225 got increased to 265, which is like 17%-18% growth. So 
what we are saying, because of other measures, we are expecting more than 30%-40% growth 
in spite of the capacity going up by 17%-18%. Is that the right understanding, sir? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No, basically I'm giving you a nine-month period or the 12-month period of last year, okay, that's 
a consolidated number, which is INR 1,037 crores last year, FY'22-'23, INR1,037 crores, okay, 
to be precise. 
 
This year we are expecting this number to be on the same level of INR 1,055 crores, almost same 
level. Okay. Now basically what we are saying is there are three changes which will happen. On 
one side, there's two new investments which we have made, that one investment which will give 
you benefits, number one. Number two, this benefit of this 40,000 spindle, which will get fully 
utilized, which was not there in the whole nine months. That is number two. Number three, we 
are expecting that the revenue will increase because of the per kilo shelf utilization will also 
improve. 
 
I'm simply giving the math. In last year in FY'22-'23, my revenue was INR 1,000 crores. After 
that, we have added 40,000 spindles. By all means, this 40,000 spindles should have given me 
INR 300 crores of top line, right? So, this put together, our estimation is next year it will be INR 
1,300 crores.  
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. 
Moderator: 
Hello, sir. Sorry to interrupt, sir. There are many people in the queue. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Yes, just one more, just to finalize this conversation. So, this I understood, sir. What is the 
working capital cycle for this business and what will you expect next year? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Generally, the working capital cycle is around 130 to 140 days in this business, generally. Okay. 
But depending upon some time of the market, this 10 days here and there. Again, seasonality is 
also very important. Because when you see in the month of December, probably the working 
cycle will be slightly higher because you buy the cotton, which is a very major raw material of 
your thing. 
The number of days are higher, but if you look at in the month of June, probably you will find 
the number of days cycles are less. But generally, you will assume 120 to 140 days kind of a 
business cycle in this. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
And depreciation should remain the same because now we have already done all the investments 
for this 265? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, this lot of depreciation will remain the same. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood, sir. Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Deepesh Agarwal from UTI AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, good evening, gentlemen. My first question is a clarification. When this 40,000 spindles 
got operationalized? Was it the end of December? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No, this had got, I think in the month of October, got commissioned. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, so the utilization number which you are sharing at 98%, this is excluding of this 40,000 
spindles or even that is included here? 
R.S. Jalan: 
That is also included in that. And you see, basically what is this 98% when I am talking about 
this, I am talking about in all the units because we have a separate unit for the, I think we have 
five units, okay? So, almost somewhere it is 99%, somewhere it is 98%. So, in all the units put 
together or I will say even if you look at separately, also you will find that in all the units, it will 
be 98 plus utilization. In some cases, it will be even 99% also. So, we are fully utilizing the 
assets. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Understood, understood. And so, I think you also have a fabric revenue. So, what would be the 
fabric capacity currently, fabric revenue and expansion plan out there? 
R.S. Jalan: 
You see, fabric, we are right now not very significantly placed there. What we are doing is, we 
are doing the kind of a some outside fabric conversion and we are exporting that fabric. And the 
purpose of this is doing it to understand the market and kind of a ultimately like I said in the 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
opening remarks, to ultimately penetrate or make our own manufacturing of fabric, including 
the knitting and weaving both. So, currently we are doing, but we have a plan to make an 
investment or make our own unit for that. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, and this will be grey fabric, there is no processing involved right now? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, we will go gradually on, first we will go for the grey fabric of weaving and knitting. Then 
ultimately, we are planning for going for a processed fabric also, maybe later on that. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, any plan so far framed up there for the expansion on the capacity there? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sorry, can you repeat? I am not understood. Your voice is little… 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
So, can you share more insights on your fabric expansion plan? 
R.S. Jalan: 
I am not understood your question. Honestly, can you slightly away from your speaker and your 
voice is slightly not very clear. Can you repeat the question again please? 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Yes, so my question is, can you throw some more light on how do you plan to build a fabric 
capacity, by when, what could be the type of capacity, any plan yet? 
R.S. Jalan: 
This, I think we are in the, like I said, we are in the phase of studying this market and probably 
this will happen in 2025-2026, because currently at this year 2024-2025, we will be making this 
25,000 spindle investment. And based on our experience of this, 2025-2026, our aggressive plan 
will be more, instead of going for a spinning side, we will go for a weaving and knitting 
investment. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Understood. So, what is your inventory holding policy for cotton? 
R.S. Jalan: 
You see, basically it's a very dynamic decision, honestly, it's a very dynamic decision. Because 
we have a deep rooted expertise, if I can use the right word, of understanding the market and we 
do a very detailed evaluation on a day-to-day basis and to understand the sentiments of the 
market. And based on that, we make a decision. 
 
But generally I would say that policy, or in a way I would say the preference always is that we 
try to build the inventory if we believe that the cotton prices are going to be stable. We try to 
bring the cotton because of the quality, say around 80% of the total requirement of the year by 
March. Like this year, if you look at our plan is to cover 80% of the cotton by March, because 
the season starts from 1st of November and up to next of 31st of October, 12 months, 80% we 
will be covering by March 24th. And balance 20% we will be covering over a period of time. 
So that is where the right now this year's plan is. But last year was slightly different. 
 
Because we believe that last year the availability of the cotton in the market, and we became 
right on that. The availability of the cotton will be there because the crop size we could estimate, 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
we have seen that the farmers are holding the cotton, and ultimately those cotton will come and 
the quality will not be an issue. Therefore last year the figure was much lower. So depending 
upon how the market scenario is, we try to cover the cotton. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. And lastly, sir, if you can share what would be the capex for the current year and capex 
estimate for the next year? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, next year our major investment will be only this 25,000 spindle, which is roughly around 
INR 200 crores. And this year I think we have already made an investment of something around 
INR 66 crores, and maybe another INR 10 crores - INR 15 crores kind of a number will be 
coming in. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sure. And maintenance capex would be another INR 30, INR 40 crores? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Maintenance expenditures are not part of this. Maintenance expenditures always get charged to 
the profit and loss account. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Sorry, can you repeat? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Maintenance costs, we always built into that operating profit, and we never kind of capitalized 
that maintenance cost. 
Deepesh Agarwal: 
Okay, understood. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor Company. Please 
go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Namaskar, Jalanji and the team, and thank you for this opportunity, and thank you for engaging 
with investors in the meeting concall. Congratulations to the entire team. Sir, firstly, if we look 
at our current margins, the current margins are outcome of the inventory losses, and this is only 
what is going to get normalized with the current cotton season. This should be basic 
understanding? 
R.S. Jalan: 
I would say that yes, to some extent, the inventory of cotton which might have been procured, 
particularly the imported cotton, some elements will be there, but that's not 100% of that element. 
Some elements definitely will be there. The second, see we are definitely expecting that the 
spread or the margin will improve because of the improvement into the yarn prices. Because 
these are the rock-bottom prices, and since the cost is now more or stable, we believe that the 
yarn prices will improve. That will improve our margins. And quarter by quarter, the 
improvement will be visible. Quarter by quarter, we will find that the margins are better than 
last quarter. That way it will happen. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, can you throw some more light on the trajectory, how the yarn prices and the spread have 
behaved over the last three sequential quarters, the June, September, and December quarter, just 
to get an understanding of how well the margins are now turning up the up curve? 
R.S. Jalan: 
I think, Saketji, if you look at the numbers, I think we have given that in the investor presentation 
which we have uploaded. You will see that till June 22, I think margin was on a peak. 
Subsequently, the margin started getting deteriorated. And ultimately, till I would say last 
quarter, which is Q2, our margin was in Q2, was almost the same level of 8.3%. Same level of 
what is there. That means the stability started coming in from Q2, 24. 
 
There are some elements of cost, some elements of pricing, all those things will be… 
combination will be there. If you look at FY '23, my margin was 6.8%, EBITDA margin was 
only 6.8%. And that was primarily got impacted severely into the second and third and fourth 
quarters. Earlier it was very good. In Q3, FY '23 was only 1.4%. So here, with the same quarter 
last year, this margin was only 1.4%. I hope I have been able to answer your question. That's the 
way we are looking at. And maybe next quarter, if everything goes well, the margin will be 
better than the 8.2%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And sir, what has been our investment in the renewable segment, especially in terms of the 
captive power investment we have done? And then sir, for the line item, power, fuel and water 
expenses, does this include only the coal and the electricity charges that get invested in? I mean, 
if you could explain. 
R.S. Jalan: 
No, two things. One is that in terms of, like I said in my opening remarks, we have approximately 
around 62 megawatts of green footprint, which takes care of 72% of our requirement. And that 
is a huge advantage in terms of both, in terms of the sustainability and in terms of our cost, what 
we call the cost, freezing the cost, let's put it that way. 
 
And the second, like you said, line item wise, we don't use any coal here. It is only the power, 
which has electricity and we even buy some power from outside also. Electricity, both, we are 
almost buying negligible. So we buy from third party. Even we buy the green power also from 
third party. And this year, the TLEP has increased the prices and because of that, the buying, 
which we have done, is on the higher side. And because of that, cost is slightly higher compared 
to the same, means, sequential quarter of means Q2, FY '24. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And the captive percentage is that how much, sir, of the total power requirement? 
R.S. Jalan: 
I said 72%. Of course, it will be…  
Saket Kapoor: 
72%, sorry. And further investment also we have outlined, sir, in the renewable segment? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes. Like I said, again, my opening remark, our target is around 85% kind of a power. Of course, 
we have to look at, because in this slightly technical side, we have to look at the zone wise also. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
There are different zones in the peak period where the rates are different. And we have to utilize 
those in a rightful manner. Otherwise, investment will not give me a return. 
 
At this point of the time, at least in the next two years, we are not visualizing any green 
investment for the time being. But once this investment of 25,000 is single guest commission, 
probably we will put two things. One is the rooftop, because rooftop we are really utilizing well. 
So, because in all our factories on the rooftop, we have a solar. So, once that project is completed 
in '24, '25, in '25, '26, we will go for the rooftop. And depending upon its requirement and like 
the economy, which I said, '25, '26, probably we will make some investment into the renewable 
energy as well. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And last point was about the selling patterns. Are our selling based on the contract basis, 
quarterly, annual contracts, or are they spot market sales? We have mentioned names of a lot of 
market clients. So, how do we, just if you could explain to us the selling process. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, Saketji, I would like to say two things here. One is that there are customers which I have 
mentioned there. They all are kind of strategic customers. And when I say strategic customers, 
whether they have a specific requirement, a specific need of the quality, and we understand their 
quality needs because every customer has a different need. So, we are kind of building their 
portfolio based on the customer's need of a particular variety or particular type of quality. So, 
that we call it a strategic customer. 
 
Number two, these contracts are generally on a transaction-to-transaction basis. Suppose they 
have a requirement of 100 tons, because they got orders or something and they want 100 tons. 
So, they will book 100 tons of quantity. That may be delivered in two months or that may be 
delivered in one month or that may be delivered in three months. Here, it is not like that, okay, 
you have booked for a year or booked for six months or booked for three months. That doesn't 
happen. It always happens, quantity, specific quantity, and that gets delivered maybe in two 
months or three months maximum. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right, sir. So, we get a visibility on a quarterly basis on what kind of deliveries are and that gives 
us the confidence that we are running on 98 or almost at full utilization levels. 
R.S. Jalan: 
No, I would not say that because of that, that we get a visibility because there are many of the 
volumes. It is not that, okay, in the month of December, I am very clear that what I will be 
producing in the month of January, February, March. No, we don't have that because product 
gets produced also and sold also. But we typically know these are the counts which are the 
requirements of the customers. We typically know that these are the volumes which the customer 
will say. Second is, many of the counts which are not used by only one customer, that is being 
used by many customers. So we produce and sell those quantities. Like which is, you can say in 
a way, high quality commodity product. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, just a small point. So, we have repeat customers in the entire ecosystem and then we also 
look out for new customer addition. Just to understand this, you are very confident about going 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
ahead, what kind of revenue trajectory you are looking. So, in that case, you are also very 
confident where is this going to be sold to. That was the reason. So, we have a repeat set of 
customers to whom there is a dedicated setup wherein we know their requirement and we prepare 
according to that. This is a better understanding? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Let me clarify this. Historically, we have been using this 98%-99% utilization. Historically, it's 
not that the last quarter we have done and a year before it was 94%. So, we run this 98%-99% 
consistently. Now, coming back, like you rightly said, we have a visibility that what customers 
are looking for to be sold. Though we may not have sold it, but their monthly requirements are 
that kind. And they always take their product on a month-to-month basis. I hope I am clear. That 
is number one. 
 
Second, sometimes we get an order in advance also, which is very specialized in nature. And 
then we get a visibility of at least for three months or two months or three months of time with 
a particular count. It is a very stable business. It is not that depending upon the demand and 
supply situation, if you are in a premium product, I would not say that if the market is slightly 
down, therefore you utilize it and have to go down. That will not happen. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Correct. And lastly, sir, on inorganic growth... 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Naitik from Sequent Investment. Please go ahead. 
Naitik: 
Hi, this is Naitik from Sequent Investment, actually. So my question was regarding the EBITDA 
margin guidance that was given earlier on the call. So we are planning for a margin expansion 
towards 10% to 12% in quarter 4 and then probably 15%-16% in FY '25. So what would be the 
level that you think would come into picture for this margin expansion? Are we thinking that 
realizations are really going to go up for yarn right now? Or is the impact of lower cotton pricing 
is something that we are accounting for? Anything regarding that will be there? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, Naitik, let me give you my understanding about this business. Because we are in this 
business for a long years. Please understand one thing in this business, the volatility will be 
there. And so that volatility will be visible. Like you have seen that in '22, our margin was 27%. 
Whereas '23 margin has gone down to 7%. So that kind of a volatility was there. So neither 27% 
is realistic nor 7% is realistic. So therefore what we always say is that medium comes to longer 
term. Like if you look at our margin for last 10 years, you look at our average margin of last 5 
years. You will find that the margins are around in the range of around 16% to 17%. And based 
on the understanding, like I just said, already more than a year or more than a year and a half, 
the market was subdued. And therefore we are expecting this margin will come back to the 
normal level in '25-'26, which is 17%. 
Naitik: 
Sir I understand that, I was just expecting if you could give some guidance on be it on the sale 
side or be it on the lower cost of raw material side what was exactly that we were looking for or 
is it just that we expect the margins to return to the given period of time? 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
R.S. Jalan: 
Let me give you one very unique thing in this. See, in this, the most important thing which we 
monitor is the spread. You will see cotton price, like I said already, cotton prices are more stable, 
right? Cost also, if you look at my power cost, you will look at my labour cost. My labour cost 
is minimal, okay? So the basis is margin expansion which I'm talking about is more on selling 
price going up and cost. Because the cotton prices are stable, cost and like someone already 
rightly asked, some high cost of inventory that will get settled. All put together, this spread will 
be, even when we prepare our annual budget, we don't prepare on the basis of selling price and 
on the basis of cost. We prepare what is the spread which we are likely to get. Of course, in that 
backward working we do with your cotton prices. But our benchmark of study and the 
performance is more on what is the spread we are going to get. And that spread, I said, 17% is 
just medium to long term. 17% to 20%, now our target is 20%. And hopefully in next year 24-
25, it should be in the range of around 15%-17%. We believe that we will be in a position to 
achieve. 
Naitik: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Prerna Jhunjhunwala from Elara Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Hello, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. I have joined the conference a little late. So, pardon 
me if the questions are repetitive. I just wanted to understand the demand scenario. How is it 
panning out for Q4 and going forward?  Especially from your long term margin perspective. By 
when do we see they being achieved? If the scenario continues to improve the way it is right 
now? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, Prerna, like you rightly said, in terms of the Q4, it looks to be better than Q3. And we 
personally believe that 24-25 should be coming back almost to the normal level. That is what 
our guidance for this business, we are seeing. Of course, as you know that the market of 
geopolitical systems are so volatile. So, probably talking with certainty will be difficult. And the 
regions are very clear, let me tell you. Three regions are which, one is Indian cotton prices are 
almost at the rock bottom. Because these are at the level of a support price for the government. 
Number one. 
 
Number two, these talking with the global market has already happened. And therefore, there is 
a good opportunity and particularly I'm talking about the spending perspective. This talking has 
happened because the market was falling. And people were of the belief that further market will 
go down. And therefore, almost the system was completely, pipeline was almost like empty. 
 
And now the demand of the final product, look at the home textile, look at the garments, are 
looking up. So, we clearly see that demand will look up. And once demand look up, 
automatically margin expansion will take place. 
 
Third, probably as I said, probably this year cotton outlook, it looks to be stable. But on the other 
side, and that's the reason some other investors have asked me, where I said 80% of the cotton 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
we are covering. Probably there is a likely chance that in the later part of this year, maybe June 
onwards, the prices of cotton may form up. And we are preparing ourselves to cover that cotton 
well in advance with the quality and everything. So, that will also kind of help us to kind of a 
decision. So, broadly our confidence level are based on these three parameters. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
And how is the supply in the yarn market with respect to capacity, utilization, and where do you 
see, where it was last quarter, Indian versus global? 
R.S. Jalan: 
We are utilizing our assets 100%. I just mentioned in the prior discussion, all the assets are fully 
utilized. And even I would say that the competition also, barring maybe marginal players, 
everyone is utilizing their assets fully. Because that buoyancy, everybody is seeing in this 
industry. So, and I personally have the opinion that the outlook is positive for the spinning 
industry. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Spinners are getting the command back on the spread because the utilization levels and other 
key reasons that you mentioned earlier. Is that understanding correct? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Gradually things are improving, yes. Gradually things are improving. Of course, the first benefit 
will be coming to those people who are quality producers like us, where we have a very focused 
approach towards the customer. And the people who delivers on a consistent quality, they will 
get the first preference. And subsequently, obviously, when the demand picks up, the other 
people also get that benefit of it. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. So, do you also do blended yarn, polyester cotton, polyester viscose? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Yes, Prerna, we do that. We have a variety of baskets. We produce from open end, we produce 
even LG spinning. We produce fine quality from even including 120 count from a premium 
product. We produce Australian cotton. We produce Giza cotton. We produce knitting. We 
produce weaving. We produce synthetic also. In synthetic, we have three establishments. Almost 
more than 40% of the capacity is on the synthetic side. We have been produce many modal, 
many kinds of products, a variety of products. And particularly in the synthetic side, we have a 
vast number of blenders. CP, modal, polyester cotton, slab yarn, fancy yarn, many varieties. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. The QCO has been implemented recently, maybe from last quarter, October only. So, 
could you help us understand, will it have any impact on the product volume or margins? And 
where are we in that journey? And how much percentage of our production will be benefiting or 
not benefiting from that movement? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Sorry, Prerna, can you repeat what you said, which policy you are talking about? 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
The QCO, quality control order, has been implemented by the government on polyester yarn. 
So, it would be applicable for blended yarns as well, where polyester content is higher than 50%. 
So, just wanted to check on that as well will it help us or not? 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
R.S. Jalan: 
It will definitely help us in a big way, Prerna. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. How much percentage of our revenue would be those products? And have we seen margin 
or volumes improving on those products? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Ultimately, this will take some time to get the margin expansion on that. And we don't see that 
segment-wise we don’t see. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood. Okay. And one more question from my end. Indian cotton prices currently 
are beneficial, are at a discount to international prices. Do you think the scenario is changing 
anytime because of any reason? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Like I said, Prerna, just now that what we see, of course, as you rightly said, Indian cottons are, 
and generally Indian cottons should be on a discount level because of, if you compare this cotton 
with American cotton or Australian cotton, because of contamination, because of other 
properties, particularly contamination is a very, very big factor. So, some discounts should be 
there. And my understanding is that the cotton prices after June probably should be on an upward 
trend. And maybe this gap can narrow down. 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Okay. Understood. And last question. 
Moderator: 
Sorry to interrupt ma'am. There are several participants are waiting for their questions. Can you 
please come to the queue? 
Prerna Jhunjhunwala: 
Sure, thank you. No problem. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jitesh Gupta from Jain Capital. Please go ahead. 
Management: 
Thank you. Mr. Gupta, your voice is absolutely not clear. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Mr. Gupta, your voice is absolutely not clear. So, please, can you… 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Our next question is from [Akshay] Kothari from GHP. Please go ahead. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Yes, thanks for the opportunity. So, one thing I could not understand is, say for 40,000 spindles, 
if we do INR300 crores of revenue, for the existing 1,85,000 spindles, because 40,000 got 
operationalized only in October, our revenue should be around INR1,200-INR1,300 crores. So, 
what am I missing in that? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Two things, Akshay, you are missing in that is that one is that every spindle does not produce 
the same revenue because of the count which you produce. With the same 20,000 spindles, I can 
have a revenue of INR200 crores also, and I can have a revenue of INR100 crores also. So, 
depending upon what count, like take an example, if I produce from the same spindle, 100 count, 
my production will be much lower in terms of the value, and therefore, the revenue per spindle 
will go down. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
Of course, the margins will be different. So, you can't simply calculate like that, that okay, 
40,000 spindles, you have INR300 crores, so therefore, INR225, because it depends on which 
count you produce, are you producing fine count, are you producing [costal count]. Because 
same thing, if you compare with the competition, you will find that some competition with a 1 
lakh spindle, their revenue could be something around INR1,000 crores. Because their costal 
count, like Northern Mills, if you look at, they are all in the costal count, 20s, 16s, 18s, 24s, there 
the revenues per spindle are very, very high. And therefore, our first objective always is when 
we say, like I said in the earlier question also, we look at the spread, and our norm is value 
addition per ring frame, we call it a J. 
 
Our focus is always on the decision making is on the value addition per ring frame because that's 
the limitation factor in the entire business. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. So, secondly, what is the currently ROE and ROC we are trading at? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, generally, like you rightly said, our ROC is slightly on the lower side, it is around 11%. 
And that is where we are looking for it now. Like I said, in terms of your cotton planning, and 
broadly it is around 11%. Our plan is to take it to around 14%. 
Akshay Kothari: 
Okay. And sir, one of the companies is Ambika Cotton Mills, which actually commands margin 
north of 17%-18%, which you are also guiding for. Now, one thing which I have observed in 
that company is they actually don't sell at a very lower cost. Even if the market conditions are 
not conducive, they will hold on to inventory. So, in that case, their working capital cycle 
actually goes up. So, do we also do such kind of thing wherein we would command our price, 
and if the price we don't get, we won't be selling? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No, we don't do that. See, every company has a different philosophy, okay! Like you rightly 
said, Ambika has a different philosophy. They are present in a particular segment. They are 
present only in a kind of a knitting segment, whereas our product baskets are much wider. And 
in terms of the size also, our size is much bigger than them. They have around 125 kind of a 
spindle, if my memory is correct. But yes, they are on a platform, and where our vision, which 
we are working on that, and to some extent, I said value-added segment. They are in that segment 
where they have a full factor into their product. Yes. We will be looking at to come closer to 
those people. 
And obviously, in our case, the margin will be more, because other cost of ours, like your power 
and things like that, will be better. So probably, I think our dream definitely is to come to that 
level, what Ambika is in terms of the quality. But as a policy, we are not holding the material 
and not sell that product. We don't do that. 
Akshy Kothari: 
Okay, understood. Thanks a lot and all the best, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mangesh Kulkarni from Almondz Financial 
Services. Please go ahead. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Thank you for giving me an opportunity, sir. Just more clarification on our current capacities as 
well as, means post this 40,000 capacity started. What is your current capacity? And then 25,000 
during FY'25, when we are expecting? And also, is it part of this Tamil Nadu MoU or it is 
separate? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, in terms of the last question, it is a part of Tamil Nadu MoU, this INR 1,035 crores, as I 
said. And second 25,000 spindles will be coming in March '25. The target is that, like I said, 
next year, '24-'25, our top line should be around INR 1300-1400 crore. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Okay. So our current capacity is 2,25,000, not 2,65,000, right? 
R.S. Jalan: 
225000, right, including 40,000. 
Mangesh Kulkarni: 
Yes. Okay. Understood, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Jitesh Gandhi from Discovery Channel. Please go ahead. 
Jitesh Gandhi: 
Hi, sir. Just a quick question. Given effectively, structurally, ROE that you are saying a 14%-
15% in a normalized state. The way to juice up ROEs would be to increase their leverage 
effectively and yet we continue to be debt-free now. And I know it's a good thing that we will 
reduce on our debt despite all of the renewable energy investments... But isn't there some way 
to either increase our renewable energy investments or increase capacity or then alternatively 
give up, return some amount of capital just so that we can have a normalized amount of debt on 
the books so that our ROEs are higher? 
R.S. Jalan: 
No. You are right, Mr. Gandhi. That's completely agree with you. And that is where the journey 
now we are going ahead on that journey. You will see a kind of a growth path in this business 
going forward. And surely your concern is very right. And leveraging to an optimum level will 
be important in this. And that's the reason you are seeing that we are talking about INR 1,000 
crores of investment. And so therefore, we have to kind of bring that return on equity to that 
level. 
 
So far as the green assets are concerned, yes, in the green assets when you see the return on 
equity is slightly on the lower side. However, the biggest advantage which we get from the green 
energy, and I'm seeing a little bit of a longer term, this will definitely give us a much bigger 
opportunity with the customer's engagement. Because the way the global customers, now we are 
talking about a nomination with the best brand. 
 
And that will bear one of the criteria in how efficiently you are using the energy or what kind of 
a portfolio of energy you have. So that will definitely give us a kind of an advantage. The second 
is your cost of energy gets stabilized for the next 15-20 years. I think keeping that into mind, a 
blend of growth and blend of priority on the customer side, I think our focus will be to achieve 
that margin of around 14% on a return on equity. 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
Jitesh Gandhi: 
Got it. Understood, sir. All right, that's all for me. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Amit Khetan from Laburnum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Amit Khetan: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So first, sir, you talked about increasing the export 
contribution. Just wanted to understand what implications does that have on both margins and 
working capital? 
R.S. Jalan: 
See, basically, Amit, if you look at in terms of the export allocation, why we are doing it, because 
there are two reasons. We want to have a wider presence. That's number one. So that the 
dependability on one particular market is kind of reduced. That's number one. The second, 
obviously, in that market, you will have the premium product. 
 
See, out of the portfolio market, like PIMA or GIZA, those kind of premium products or 
Australian, there the demands of those products are better in the overseas market. Of course, in 
India also, the premium customers are there. But I think expanding the market, I would not call 
it that the margins are much significantly better in the export market. I would not say that.  
I would say it is more of a wider customer base, wider penetration, wider diversity onto the 
customer base is the prime objective of export. Our focus is on the synthetic side. This volume 
increase which we are talking about, from 14% to 20%, our focus is more on synthetic fibre. The 
synthetic fibre of this 40,000 spindles which we have come in, they are high quality synthetic 
yarn. And that yarn, we are trying to penetrate into the export market where definitely we will 
have a slightly better margin. 
 
I hope I have been able to answer your question. 
Amit Khetan: 
Yes, yes. And lastly, we made an investment of INR 66 crores this year in capex and you brought 
it to another INR 10 crores to INR 15 crores in the last quarter. Given that we have been 
expensing maintenance capex, can you just say what this INR 80 crores of capex is for? Is it for 
capacity expansion that we have already undertaken or is it for the green power additions? 
R.S. Jalan: 
Basically, what has happened is, this is two things. Like I said, in two of the units, we have done 
the de-bottlenecking. In the existing farms in the two locations, we have done the de-
bottlenecking to increase the volume in that. The primary, this money has gone into that and 
some amount has gone for the infrastructure. 
Amit Khetan: 
Great, great. I must tell you that the presentation is very, very detailed and very good disclosure. 
I hope that will continue going forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Amit. Our next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from XML Capital. Please 
go ahead. Hello. Hello, Sarvesh Gupta. Hello, sir? 

 
 
GHCL Textiles Limited 
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for the day. I now hand the conference over to 
management for the closing comments. 
R.S. Jalan: 
Thank you very much for all the investors. Like I've always been, of course, this call for the 
textile is the first time. But I just wanted to highlight a couple of things at the end, just to make 
my point clear. 
 
One, our journey from 2001 to 2023 has been really exciting because we had an EBITDA growth 
of 31%, CAGR growth of 31%, which is not a small amount. You can imagine that 31% over a 
period of 21 or 22 years. Of course, the volatility in between was there. 
 
We very judiciously invested the money in cost competitiveness, quality product, and expanding 
the volume in a very responsible manner. And it created a very focus of enhancing our market 
of the product. Like I just now said, we have a portfolio of synthetic fiber, we have a portfolio 
of double yarn, we have a portfolio of open end, we have a portfolio of cotton yarn, which is 
also very wide from 24 to 120. 
 
And in the last four years, we have started focusing more on quality, penetrating into the quality 
customer, focus on the serviceability to the customer, understanding the need of the customer, 
and trying to service them on a unique position so that there is a kind of a repeat, and they're 
considered as more of a strategic customer. The team is working on creating a nomination from 
the various prime brands, because there the consistency of the quality is required. The journey 
has been very exciting, and we will continue to have this journey. 
 
Our focus in this business will be growth, like Mr. Gandhi said, our focus will be to create a 
platform of the size of the business, with a right mix of spinning, and the value added of the 
weaving and knitting, including the ultimately going up into the processed fabric. Maybe once 
we are successful in this model, then we will look at beyond that. But right now, our dream is to 
that extent. 
 
Our carbon footprint or our cost competitiveness will remain always a focus. In one line, if I can 
say, we will be relevant to the customer with a cost competitiveness and a quality product on a 
consistent basis, so that they are the customer for repeat, and repeat, and repeat for a longer 
period of time. I think with this objective, we will grow this business, and we will definitely 
achieve our target of 17% to 20% EBITDA margin, with a return on capital, or return on equity 
of 14%. 
Amit Khetan: 
With this word, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Go India Advisors, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
