 
 
Ref: Sec/SE/336/2023-24 
February 12, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai- 400001 
 Scrip Code: 531213 
National Stock Exchange of India 
Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza 
Bandra (East) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: MANAPPURAM 
 
Dear Madam/Sir 
 
Sub: Concall Transcript of the Q3 Results Conference Call held on February 7,2024 
 
With reference to the above, kindly note that the transcript of Q3 results Conference Call 
held on February 7,2024 has been uploaded on the website of the Company in the below 
Link. 
 
https://www.manappuram.com/investor-call 
 
 
We request you to take the same on record. 
Thanking You. 
 
For Manappuram Finance Limited 
   
 
Manoj Kumar V R 
Company Secretary 
Ph-+91 9946239999 
     
 
MANOJKUM
AR V R
Digitally signed by MANOJKUMAR V R 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=3934, 
pseudonym=c5f23f7795104ee39aca7608fa2c68e0, 
2.5.4.20=f0bfb67ed6f83c3b9ef797beb0fd2aea41840b347c
c40913daf5c810c6217107, postalCode=680581, st=Kerala, 
serialNumber=ec0b07b2d06a85987aa84d48d23761b1c13f
03d66989437cb6348bc1a592cc87, cn=MANOJKUMAR V R 
Date: 2024.02.12 16:11:55 +05'30'

Page 1 of 28 
 
 
“Manappuram Finance Limited 
Q3 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
 
 
       
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. VP NANDAKUMAR – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
DR. SUMITHA NANDAN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MS. BINDU A.L. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
MANAPPURAM FINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. B.N RAVINDRA BABU – MANAGING DIRECTOR, 
ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. RAJESH NAMBOODIRIPAD - CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER - ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE LIMITED 
 
MR. BASAVARAJ SHETTY - SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT 
AND HEAD IR - ASIRVAD MICROFINANCE LIMITED; 
 
MR. KAMAL PARMAR – HEAD, VEHICLE AND 
EQUIPMENT FINANCE – MANAPPURAM FINANCE 
LIMITED 
 
MR. SUVEEN P.S. - CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER - 
MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 
MR. ROBIN KARUVELY - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER - 
MANAPPURAM HOME FINANCE 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. RATI PANDIT – NIRMAL BANG  
 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to 
Manappuram 
Finance 
Limited 
Q3 
FY24 
Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by Nirmal Bang Institutional 
Equities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode. And there will be an opportunity for you 
to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the conference, please signal an 
operator by pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Rati Pandit from 
Nirmal Bang. Thank you, and over to you, ma'am. 
Rati Pandit: 
Yes. Thank you, Nirav. A very good evening to everyone. 
On behalf of Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities, we 
welcome you all to the Q3 FY24 earnings conference call of 
Manappuram Finance Limited. We are pleased to host the 
senior management of the company represented by Mr. V.P. 
Nandakumar, MD and CEO; Dr. Sumitha Nandan, Executive 
Director; Ms. Bindu A.L., CFO; Mr. B.N. Raveendra Babu, 
MD of Asirvad Microfinance Limited; Mr. Rajesh 
Namboodiripad, CFO of Asirvad Microfinance Limited; Mr. 
Basavaraj Shetty, Senior VP and Head IR of Asirvad 
Microfinance Limited; Mr. Kamal Parmar, Head, Vehicle 
and Equipment Finance; Mr. Suveen P.S., CEO of 
Manappuram Home Finance; Mr. Robin Karuvely, CFO of 
Manappuram Home Finance. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 28 
 
 
I now hand over the call to MD sir, Mr. VP Nandakumar for 
his opening remarks. Post which, we can have the floor open 
for Q&A. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
V P Nandakumar: 
Thank you. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. It 
gives me immense pleasure to welcome you all to the 
conference call to discuss the third quarter FY24 financials. 
As you know, amidst the challenging geopolitical situation, 
India is continuing to be in the high-growth trajectory. The 
just-announced interim budget has also exuded optimism 
about the future prospects of the Indian economy, promising 
that the country is well on its way to become a developed 
nation by 2047. It is in this backdrop that I present our Q3 
financial results. 
 
A balanced and prudent growth strategy, which I have been 
reiterating for many quarters, is now in full swing. While the 
NBFC sector, as a whole, has grown at a CAGR of 12% in 
the past five years, our growth has been around 19%. 
Notably, these growth rates outpace the banking sector, 
reflecting the strong traction achieved by NBFCs. This 
quarter, we achieved good growth in both AUM and 
profitability. 
I'm happy to share that we have recorded a net profit of INR 
575 crores, which is an improvement of 46% year-on-year, 
driven primarily by the profitability in gold loans and 
microfinance business. Gold loan AUM is sequentially flat; 
however, there's still 2.6% sequential profit growth. Gold 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 28 
 
loan AUM stood at INR 20,758 crores, an improvement of 
11.5% over the year-ago quarter. 
 
While standalone AUM of the entity, at INR 27,407 crores, 
grew by 23% year-on-year, the consolidated AUM reached 
INR 40,385 crores, representing an increase of 27% for the 
year ago quarter. We posted an ROA of around 5.2% for the 
quarter, significantly higher than the industry average. The 
pace of growth in NBFC space, even outpacing banks, owes 
to the fact that our financial market gives a lot of headroom 
for a large number of players to co-exist.  
The company’s microfinance subsidiary, Asirvad, has posted 
an AUM of INR 11,563 crores, showing a growth of 34% 
year-on-year and a profit of INR 127 crores in Q3, with a 
growth of 80% year-on-year. The share of microfinance in 
the overall profit pie is set to go up in the days to come. We 
continue to post an excellent growth in Vehicle Finance 
business, recording 70% increase year-on-year, with an 
AUM of INR 3,597 crores while maintaining good credit 
discipline. 
The home loans with an AUM of INR 1,415 crores, 
registering 41% increase over the corresponding quarter in 
FY23. I'm also pleased to share that our fee-based business 
is growing nicely. We reported INR 28 crores profit from 
our fee-based business and see excellent prospects for its 
growth. I am pleased to inform that the Board of directors 
declared a dividend of 90 paise, another increase of INR 
0.05 this quarter and we remain confident of achieving both 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 28 
 
top line and bottom-line growth while maintaining adequate 
liquidity. 
 
For a more comprehensive review of our financial 
performance, I hand the floor to our CFO, Ms. Bindu A.L. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Thank you, sir. Good evening, ladies, and gentlemen. Thank 
you all for joining us today. As you are aware, Asirvad 
Microfinance filed the DRHP on October 5, 2023. We are 
not in a position to give more numbers for Asirvad except 
those, which are in the public domain related to results. We 
request our participants to restrict their questions on Asirvad 
to published numbers. Coming to the operational overview, 
our consolidated AUM for Q3 FY24 was INR 40,385 crores, 
representing 3.7 percentage sequential growth and 26.7 
percentage Y-o-Y growth. 
Consolidated profit after tax was INR 575 crores, which was 
up by 2.6 percentage Q-on-Q and 46 percentage Y-o-Y. 
ROE on a consolidated basis was 21.2 percentage and ROA 
was 5.2 percentage for the quarter. Our leverage is currently 
only 2.9x. Standalone GNPA is at 1.99%, versus 1.56% 
during the previous quarter. Cash and cash equivalents on 
hand on a consolidated basis was INR 3,076 crores and 
undrawn bank line was INR 7,128 crores. 
CP exposure is nil and the standalone borrowing cost has 
gone up by 19 basis points. The Gold Loan business 
constitutes 51.4 percentage of consolidated AUM, while the 
remaining 48.6 percentage comprises Microfinance, Vehicle, 
Housing and MSME Finance. Gold loan AUM consolidated 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 28 
 
INR 20,758 crores is stable Q-on-Q and up by 11.5 
percentage Y-o-Y. During the quarter, we were able to add 
4.03 lakh new customers. Average LTV is at 61 percentage. 
Online book at 56 percentage. Our standalone profit after tax 
was INR 428 crores, up by 2.1 percentage sequentially and 
up by 34.7 percentage Y-o-Y. 
 
Coming to Microfinance business, its share of AUM stands 
at INR 11,563 crores, including gold loan AUM of INR 828 
crores, up by 6% Q-on-Q and by 34% Y-o-Y. PAT for MFI 
business has increased to INR 127 crores in Q3 FY24 versus 
INR 118 crores in Q2 FY24. And for nine months, the profit 
increased to INR 356 crores versus INR 119 crores last year. 
Net NPA stands at 1.34 percentage. Capital adequacy is 
23.16 percentage for Asirvad. 
 
In Vehicle Finance, we reported an AUM of INR 3,597 
crores, which is up by 14.5 percentage Q-on-Q and 70 
percentage Y-o-Y. Collection efficiency for the quarter was 
98 percentage and GNPA 2.6 percentage. Home Loan 
business saw total AUM at INR1,415 crores, which is up by 
8.5 percentage Q-on-Q and up by 40.9 percentage Y-o-Y. 
And reported a profit of INR 5.1 crores during the quarter. 
Collection efficiency at 96 percentage and GNPA 2.67 
percentage. 
 
In MSME and Allied businesses, the total AUM stood at 
INR 2,857 crores, with a disbursement of INR 460 crores 
during the quarter. Collection efficiency was 102 percentage 
and GNPA 1.5 percentage, excluding digital personal loan. If 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 28 
 
we include digital personal loan, it is around 2.3 percentage. 
Our on-lending AUM stands at INR 1,022 crores and ROA 
for on-lending business is 5 percentage for the quarter. 
The recent RBI circular to raise risk weight on consumer 
credit exposure of the NBFC lending does not apply to gold 
loan, vehicle finance, and microfinance; hence, it has not 
much impact on our balance sheet. Nonetheless, bank 
lending to NBFCs raised their risk weight to the extent of 25 
percentage, which resulted in a sequential increase in the 
cost of borrowing by 19 basis points. Our capital position is 
strong and the CRAR at 30.7 percentage for the standalone 
entity. 
The consolidated net worth was at INR 11,063 crores and the 
book value was INR130.70. Thank you. We can now go for 
the Q&A session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and 
answer session. The first question is from the line of from 
Piran from CLSA. 
Piran: 
Congrats on the quarter. Sorry, I dialled in a bit late, but I 
heard something that INR 28 crores profit from fee-based 
business. Can you please elaborate? 
V P Nandakumar: 
Okay. This is through our subsidiary, Manappuram 
Insurance Brokers. So now insurance companies can pay 
more because of the liberalised fees, the commission 
dispensation by the regulator. So, we are getting a higher 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 28 
 
payout from them. That is the reason for the INR 28 crores 
profit from insurance broking business. 
Piran: 
Okay. And sir, what was it, say, Q-o-Q or Y-o-Y if you can 
give us a sense? And this is a INR 28 crores profit for the 
quarter or for nine months? 
V P Nandakumar: 
For the quarter. 
Piran: 
Okay. And what was it, say, last quarter or one year ago? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Last quarter was INR 15 crores. 
Piran: 
Okay. And Bindu, the second question for you. You 
mentioned the 19 bps increase in cost of bank borrowings. 
So, the full effect has played out in Q3 or should we expect 
something in Q4 also from this risk weight guideline? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. So, we have to expect a similar increase in Q4 also. 
Because the circular came in mid-November and that entire 
rollover is not complete. We are having a lot of undrawn 
lines. So we hope we will be able to contain the increase. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from 
Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Sir, if you look at the gold loan yields that we report, I think 
in the last two quarters each, it has gone up by 50 basis 
points. And just trying to understand, understandably 
second, third quarter are weak quarters for gold loan growth. 
But what is it that we are doing, which is leading to this kind 
of an increase in yields in gold loans? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 28 
 
And maybe a related question, I mean, with this gold loan 
yields now going up, is it then fair to assume that what we 
keep sharing in the last few calls that competitive intensity 
from banks is coming down is indeed playing out? 
V P Nandakumar: We are catering to the requirements of the small ticket 
borrowers primarily because our average ticket size remains 
around INR 20,000 and the average tenure around three 
months. What is most important is our availability and our 
quick service, turnaround time that is most important. So, 
whatever is the cost increase in borrowing, that we are 
passing on to these gold loan customers.  
 
Many companies have come in, that is expected because the 
large chunk of the business still remains with unincorporated 
bodies. We don’t have exact data but the general impression 
is that they (unorganised sector) do more than 2/3rd of the 
total business, so it will get translated into the organized 
sector. So, at this rate, we hope we'll be able to maintain the 
business. And even though one quarter remained flat, I hope 
we will reach our target of 8% to 10%. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. Got it. So essentially, 8% to 10% growth in Gold 
Loan still possible essentially implies that after two quarters 
of weak gold loan growth, we are now kind of looking at a 
good gold loan growth coming in the last quarter of the 
fiscal year? 
V P Nandakumar: 
Yes, there is a season. During that season, we used to 
get growth. With that growth, we may be able to maintain 
the rate generally. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 28 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Got it. Sir, the other thing I wanted to understand on the 
Microfinance side, I mean, during the opening remarks, 
Bindu ma'am said that we can restrict the questions to the 
published information given the ongoing process of IPO. But 
just wanted to understand that during this quarter, looking at 
other MFI peers who have reported, they all highlighted 
impact from Tamil Nadu floods. 
I think for you, Tamil Nadu is close to 14% of your AUM 
mix. Likewise in Punjab and Haryana, you'll have close to 
100 branches and we've been hearing that there are some 
problems, which are brewing in Punjab. Can you share, I 
mean, what is it that you are seeing, I mean, in Punjab and 
Haryana, and what was your experience like in Tamil Nadu? 
And is that the reason which kind of led to elevated credit 
scores costs in the Microfinance business during this 
quarter? 
V P Nandakumar: 
Tamil Nadu because of the cyclone and other things, 
many people lost their livelihood temporarily and has 
affected to some extent. And in Punjab, Rajasthan, Haryana, 
etc, yes, there are some problems. The industry generally is 
affected. But in these places, our exposure is not that high. 
Tamil Nadu, we have 14%, yes. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Okay. And sir, just one last data-keeping question for Bindu 
ma'am. Can you just share, I mean, some of these data points 
like you typically share in each earnings call? What were the 
gold loan disbursements? What was the amount, which was 
auctioned? And lastly, the auction surplus as on December? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 28 
 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. So, auction during the quarter, INR 124 crores. And 
auction surplus... 
Management: 
It has been reduced to the level of INR 23.5 crores. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Mona Khetan from Dolat 
Capital. 
Mona Khetan: 
Yes. So firstly, I wanted to understand this rise in NPAs 
across many of your portfolios, including home loans or 
MSME book. Could you give some colour on this? What has 
led to the sharp rise across, even Vehicle for that matter, 
these books are growing very fast and the NPAs are on the 
rise on a sequential basis. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Kamal? 
Kamal Parmar: Yes. Our NPA for quarter three stood at 2.6% against 2.5% 
last quarter. And in fact, it was higher in the first quarter, it 
was at 2.9%. So, we have actually brought it down and we 
are holding it stable. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. so during the quarter, the gold loan NPA has gone up. 
But as you are aware, the credit cost is negligible from that 
portfolio. We were getting requests from the borrowers to 
delay the auction for a few of the customers. And that is the 
reason it has gone up. And the gold price is also in support, 
and we are honouring the request of the borrowers. So that is 
the reason it has gone up. But for all other portfolios, like 
MSME, it's 1.5 percentage, that is also at the similar level. 
Where we have seen the collection issues are only in the case 
of digital personal loans where we, again, are restricting the 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 28 
 
underwriting norms. Not only MSME book, the whole book, 
we have seen 1.5 percentage GNPA only. So overall, credit 
quality has improved. The rate has gone up. But we are not 
expecting any credit cost out of that. 
Mona Khetan: 
And how about the home loan book? The NPAs are higher 
by about 90 bps during the quarter. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, in home loans, we have around 200 properties, 
which are up for sale, which were taken over through 
Sarfaesi route. And all the efforts are on to sell it, which will 
bring down the NPA. So, we are expecting a good 
improvement during the last quarter. 
Mona Khetan: 
Okay. And on the MFI book as well, while your NPAs 
declined, if I look at the credit cost, they remain extremely 
high. At over 4% or thereabouts. So, how were the write-offs 
in this quarter versus how much it was last quarter? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. So, as discussed, we are seeing stress in some of the 
states and it is leading to delay in collection. So, we did 
ARC of INR 200 crores, and we did the write-off to that 
extent. 
Mona Khetan: 
Sorry, INR 200 crores? 
A. L. Bindu: 
 INR 200 crores. Out of which, INR 100 crores, we have 
returned. 
Mona Khetan: 
 Okay. And how much was it last quarter? 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 28 
 
A. L. Bindu: 
Last quarter, the write-off, INR 60 crores. 
Mona Khetan: 
 Okay. And just finally, when I look at the growth on a 
consolidated basis, the non-core portfolios are growing very 
fast and are about to cross 50% of the AUM at this pace. So, 
what is the thought process on the mix? Could this non-gold 
share continue to rise or will growth in non-gold portfolio 
slow down after a point once it reaches 50%? Just wanted to 
get that perspective. 
V P Nandakumar: 
See, in the standalone book, gold loan portfolio will 
not come down that easily. So, this is because of the 
subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are now -- if you take Asirvad, we 
plan to raise capital from outside for the next phase of 
growth. Similarly, we do in other subsidiary, Home Finance, 
where also we will go for borrowing. So, in the standalone 
book, the gold loan will remain more than 50% for a longer 
time. 
Mona Khetan: 
Got it. So basically, from a consolidated perspective, the 
share may continue to rise for the non-gold book even 
beyond the 50%? 
V P Nandakumar: 
Right. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shweta Daptardar from 
Elara Capital. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Ma'am, a question for you. So, you did mention that 
even in the next quarter, we'll see a similar spike in cost of 
funds. But then be it standalone or control liability mix, why 
is our term loan borrowings rising each quarter? And you, of 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 28 
 
course, did mention you're trying to contain that. But how do 
you see or perceive this liability mix changing, going 
forward? And if you could also highlight the high-cost 
borrowings, which will come for repricing going forward. 
And I have couple of other questions as well. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. So if you see, we had the dollar bond of around INR 
2,000 crores, which we redeemed. So, to maintain the 
liability tenure, we are taking the term loans. And at the 
same time, banks also now prefer term loans than working 
capital. And the CP exposure is nil, so that is the reason our 
term loan exposure is going up. This will help us maintain 
the liability tenure. Because in our standalone book also, we 
are increasing the non-gold businesses, where the life of the 
loan is slightly higher. So that will help us maintain a mix in 
a proper manner. 
 
And on the cost, we were expecting a reversal in Q3 or at 
least a stable position. But by the time the new circular had 
some impact. But slowly, we are able to reduce the impact. 
But as 60 percentage of the book, there will be a rollover or 
reset. That is the reason we are expecting a 15 to 20 basis 
points increase in the next quarter. 
Shweta Daptardar: 
Okay. Okay. That's a fair point. Secondly, sir did 
mention that this cost price spike, we are transmitting it 
through higher yields, and we also saw yields rising for gold 
loans. But then I wanted to know, so if our gold loan yields 
are rising and we did admit to the fact that competition 
persists, especially on the gold loan side. And if I look at the 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 28 
 
gold loan net rises, so our AUM per branch has remained 
steady, then tonnage is slightly lower. 
 
As for the number of borrower count, I understand because 
few people open the accounts, equal number of people even 
close, so I'm not arguing that. But going forward, then if this 
is the scenario and the yields are rising, tonnage slightly 
lower, then how confident are we or what are the levers to 
this 8% to 10% growth, which is looking healthy for gold on 
the gold loan side? 
V P Nandakumar: 
See, the gold tonnage is decreasing because of the 
price increase. In order to maintain the same AUM, the 
lower weight is required. That is the reason. So, in the 
reverse scenario of the gold price going down, the tonnage 
will go up. And AUM will remain at that level, while the 
tonnage will grow. That's the usual scenario. And regarding 
the confidence about 8%-10% growth, I mentioned about the 
seasons also. Usually, some quarters, it grows. Some 
quarters, it remains flat. That is usual. So, it has got some 
seasonal impact. 
 
Now why we are confident is, it has been mentioned that 
because our average ticket size is lower at around INR 
50,000 and average tenure is around three months. So, what 
is most important here is how quickly you can serve the 
customer, how fast he/she can the job done because the work 
day will be lost otherwise. Such customers who are 
borrowing smaller amounts, small tickets, etc, they prefer to 
go to places where quick service is available.  

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 28 
 
Because of our technology, online gold loan and doorstep 
goal loan, we are able to extend the services to the 
satisfaction of our customers, where they will not lose the 
day. So that gives us the confidence and our new customer 
acquisition remains at a steady level of 5,000 to 8,000 new 
customers every day. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Noel Gonsalves from SBI. 
Noel Gonsalves: Ma'am was mentioning regarding the marginal hike in the 
gross NPA due to delayed auctions and also the prices of 
gold being higher. Is it likely to continue in the present 
quarter also? That's my first question. My second question 
is, you mentioned that a critical aspect in any gold loan 
company is how quickly you can deliver the gold loan. So, 
what would be your turnaround time and how quick would 
be the services on an average? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, the time we take for a new customer is around 15 
to 20 minutes. For the existing customers, it would be lower 
because we have the KYC and all the requirements already 
in the system. So, our efforts are always to reduce that time, 
that's why we have pioneered products like online gold loan, 
doorstep gold loan, etc. But our efforts will continue in 
digitalizing all these and it will definitely be of help in 
offering better store service. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. Gold loan NPA is a temporary issue only. We have 
given extended time to these borrowers and we will be able 
to reduce before 31st March. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 28 
 
Noel Gonsalves: Thank you, sir. Thank you, ma'am. And all the best for the 
coming days. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gao from 
Schonfeld. Please go ahead. 
Gao: 
Yes. So firstly, on margin. So, cost of funds continues to rise 
15, 20 basis points. So, should we expect margins to hold 
that or it should increase from here or should we expect 
some margin decline because of the cost of funds? 
Specifically, should we still expect loan yield to go up? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. On the cost of borrowing, we have seen an increase on 
account of the new circular. At the same time, if you see, we 
have seen a 48 basis points increase in the gold loan yield. 
So, the attempt is to maintain the spread as it is possible. So 
that is the reason why in the last two quarters, if you see, 
there is an increase in gold loan yield. 
Gao: 
And the second one is on the Asirvad Microfinance. Can you 
at least kind of detail us in terms of the trend. Is the situation 
on the ground stabilizing? Getting better? Or it's still pretty 
difficult maybe going through this quarter itself? 
A. L. Bindu: 
So, it is not very different, but some of the cyclical impacts 
will be there, temporary delays, etc. Beyond which, kindly 
excuse us for further details. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rajiv Mehta from Yes 
Securities. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 28 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Congrats on good performance. A few questions from my 
side. Bindu ma'am, what was the stage two for the MFI, for 
the Asirvad MFI as of December? And can you also share 
the stage two as of September? 
A. L. Bindu: 
So, that we cannot. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
It can't be? 
A. L. Bindu: 
No. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. And this if you can, if it's possible, any headway in 
terms of Asirvad IPO getting delayed? I mean what is the 
timeline for the IPO that we have right now? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, we hope there won't be much delay. That is the 
indication we get through our bankers. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, in terms of gold loan business new 
customer addition, can you tell us the number of new 
customers added in this quarter and even in the previous 
quarter? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, on a given day, we are getting around 5,000, 5,500 
new customers. 
A. L. Bindu: 
So this quarter, we added 400,000 new customers. 
Management: 
406,000. 
V P Nandakumar: 
There is not much difference over the last, say, over 
the last five years, it remains more or less the same except 
during the pandemic. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 28 
 
Rajiv Mehta: 
So sir, while we have been adding a steady number of new 
customers, we also see customers closing or going away, and 
which is why the net-net customer base is not growing for 
us, it has been pretty steady. So, in a flattish customer base 
trend, how do we get 18% growth, if the gold price does not 
increase from here? 
V P Nandakumar: 
See, what I said is not 18% but 8% to 10%. So, year 
on year growth is 11%. So, there will be some quarters there 
is good growth. In some quarters, there may not be any 
growth but we remain optimistic about that. We hope last 
quarter would be good. 
Rajiv Mehta: 
Okay. Just last question from my side. Have you raised gold 
loan product rates across LTV and the ticket size in the last 
three, four months? 
V P Nandakumar: 
See, the LTV is decided on the basis of the price. So 
we have a formula to decide, which is the formula being 
used by the Association of Gold Loan Companies, so within 
the regulatory guidelines. So now the gold prices are 
remaining steady. And regarding the interest rates, we have 
not increased that. So, except small increase when there is an 
upward movement in the borrowing cost, it remains steady.  
Rajiv Mehta: 
Understood. So the increase in the net EVC for the portfolio 
is essentially because of the shift in customer mix towards 
low ticket and high-yielding customers? 
V P Nandakumar: 
Right. Right. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Kushan Parikh from 
Morgan Stanley. 
Kushan Parikh: So I had questions around two sets. One is yield. On the 
yield part, I just wanted to understand, I mean, since we've 
been increasing gold loan yields for a couple of quarters now 
and we expect the cost of fund to increase as well next 
quarter, will we see another increase in gold loan yields 
going forward? And also wanted to understand from you if 
that has any impact on the growth of the gold loan portfolio. 
 
My second question was on the Asirvad MFI yields. Even 
there, we have consistently seen the yield increasing. Even 
this quarter, AUM growth was about 6-odd percent Q-o-Q 
and revenue growth has been about 11% Q-o-Q. A couple of 
peers have, in fact, reduced their rates in this quarter, so just 
wanted to understand what are the yields that we are 
charging? How are they compared to the market? And will 
we also have to come up with such a reduction going 
forward? 
 
And thirdly, if you could take one more question was, if you 
could give some guidance around the credit cost of Asirvad 
MFI business going forward. I mean given the situation in 
the various states, will the elevated credit cost persist going 
forward? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So about the gold loan yield, if the borrowing cost 
increases, that may be passed on to maintain the net interest 
margin, we wish to protect that. And regarding the 
backdown at the growth of the portfolio, I hope there won’t 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 28 
 
be an impact because it is short term. Even if there's a minor 
increase, they won’t be worried. So what they look for is the 
quick service, which we are able to give. So, we don't expect 
that to dampen our targeted growth. 
 
About Microfinance, the pricing, we have a pricing model 
based on various parameters. So we continue with that 
pricing formula and we don't need that to change. Regarding 
the credit cost, we have some limitations. Whatever can be 
saved, it has been already saved. 
Kushan Parikh: Understood. So then if you could just give any indication on 
the MFI credit cost? If the situation from a collections point 
of view in the problem states has improved in the January 
month or it has persisted in January as well? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So yes, in these problem states of Bihar, Rajasthan, 
etc, the collection has not improved much. We are also 
shifting to weekly collection mode and employing more 
people from the locality and we are trying to improve that. 
The efforts are on and we hope the results will come. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Jigar from B&K Securities. 
Jigar Jani: 
So just wanted to know the auction surplus status, which is 
restricting our branch expansion in gold loans. Any headway 
on that? How much is the outstanding now? And second, we 
are seeing even in the standalone business, the non-gold 
business is growing very rapidly, but our PCR on the stand-
alone business remains fairly low. So, do we intend to 
increase PCR on the standalone business given that more 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 28 
 
and more shift is going to happen towards the non-gold side 
in those businesses? 
V P Nandakumar: 
See, our surplus in auction was around INR 48 crores. 
Now that has been pushed down to INR 23 crores. We hope 
it will come down by another INR 1 crores or INR 2 crores 
soon. And we have been in touch with the regulators and we 
are submitting the application for new branches. We hope 
we'll be able to get permission for that. Then your second 
question is about the rapid increase in non-gold verticals. 
 
In non-gold, our performance in general is improving in the 
standalone portfolio like vehicle finance or the MSME, etc, 
except digital personal loan, which we have slowed down 
the ticket price, etc. So all these will improve. Regarding 
PCR, we continue with the same old policy whatever is the 
requirement. We continue without any change in the policy. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. Our PCR is low because the main book is with a 
negligible credit cost. For other portfolios, we consider the 
ECL model and enough provision is carried in our financials. 
Jigar Jani: 
Good. But as the proportion of the other businesses 
increased, your ECL model would require -- on a blended 
basis -- require higher provisioning on your standalone 
books... 
A. L. Bindu: 
 So, if you see the Vehicle Finance book, that is almost an 8-
year-old book. And based on our historical losses, even 
during COVID, all those things we factored in our ECL 
model. See, the GNPA itself is 2.6 percentage. On that, if we 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 28 
 
apply the LTD, that will be the ultimate credit cost. And 2.6 
percentage GNPA is only INR70-80 crores. On that, we are 
carrying enough provision. 
Jigar Jani: 
Okay. Would you be able to share the NCD on the real 
basis? 
A. L. Bindu: 
NCD, see, this is very complicated. In the sense, each 
portfolio, we have done separately. So, this ranges between 
20 percentage to 35 percentage. And for the unsecured book, 
it will be 65 percentage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shreepal 
Doshi from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Moderator: 
Shreepal, sorry, but your voice is still breaking. I'll request 
you to re-join the queue or redial. The next question is from 
the line of Bunty Chawla from IDBI Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Bunty Chawla: 
One data point, if you can share. Sorry, I missed that part. 
What was the auction of the gold loan during this quarter? 
A. L. Bindu: 
INR 124 crores. 
Bunty Chawla: 
Okay. Secondly, if it is possible, what were the queries from 
the SEBI on the Asirvad IPO? Has it been completely 
resolved because of which we have got delayed some part? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, all the queries from SEBI have been answered, we 
hope, to their satisfaction. It has been answered and we are 
awaiting a positive response from them. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 24 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Abhijit Tibrewal from 
Motilal Oswal. 
Abhijit Tibrewal: Bindu ma'am, just kind of circling back to this cost of 
borrowing question, which has come a couple of times in 
this earnings call. I think, I mean, what you suggested is that 
we've already seen almost 19, 20 basis points increase in 
cost of borrowings. But just trying to understand this cost of 
borrowing increase, I'm sure this will not be applicable to 
your HFC businesses or the HFC subsidiaries, right? 
So, what I mean is the risk weight circular alone kind of 
contributing to this cost of borrowing increase and maybe a 
similar increase as you suggested in the fourth quarter as 
well? Or are there some other elements or other drivers of 
the increase in cost of borrowings that you are envisaging in 
the next quarter? 
V P Nandakumar: 
HFC, we are expecting the cost to remain flat because 
we are getting funding from NHB. So, we expect that to go 
up. So that will help us to maintain the rate without any 
worries. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Yes. On the risk weight circular, on other financials, it will 
not have much impact because majority of the portfolio is 
exempt from that. But for the bank lending to NBFCs, 
irrespective of the rating, it has gone up. So, the immediate 
impact is increasing cost of borrowing. So that is the reason 
it has gone up, but things are changing. Availability is not an 
issue, but costs still not reversed. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 25 of 28 
 
Abhijit Tibrewal: But intuitively speaking, given that risk weights have been 
increased by 25%, I mean, at best, cost of volume should 
have gone up by 25 basis points only, right, and that, too, on 
your bank borrowings? So, the actual blended impact on the 
cost of borrowing should have been lower than 25 basis 
points. Or is there any other way to look at this? 
A. L. Bindu: 
See, combined with the other unsecured lending or 
tightening of liquidity. So, I think the lenders will make use 
of the opportunity to increase the cost. And initial reaction 
was, at least, I think they started 50 basis points for the 
rollover. Slowly, it is coming down. And the other thing is 
we are doing term loans, ECBs and our maturity profile is 
also improving. That is also a reason. But immediate 
increase is on account of the circular. 
Moderator: 
Next follow-up question is from the line of Shreepal Doshi 
from Equirus Securities. 
Shreepal Doshi: So, my question pertains to gold loan disbursement. So, I 
think that number was not mentioned. So, if you can just say 
that for this quarter and for nine months FY24. 
A. L. Bindu: 
So in this quarter, we did around INR 26,190 crores. And 
last quarter, we did around INR25,793 crores. 
Shreepal Doshi: Okay. And coming back to the earlier participant's question 
on cost of fund. So, what is the overall cost of fund impact 
that we are likely to see because of the circular? That is 
question number one. And question number two is what is 
the overall impact on the capital adequacy because we also 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 26 of 28 
 
have vehicle loan as part of the portfolio, so is there any 
impact on the capital adequacy of the same? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Vehicle loan is also exempted from this. So, the small 
portion of our personal loan only will have impact and given 
our higher capital adequacy, this is, I think, less than 50 
basis points in that on the CRAR. It's very negligeable. Still 
our CRAR is above 30 percentage. And on the cost of 
borrowing, one is, this immediate increase on account of the 
circular. And we are doing ECBs and term loans, the 
proportion of term loans also increasing and these are the 
reasons for increasing cost of borrowing. 
Shreepal Doshi: But what will be the overall cost of borrowing impact? Like, 
while this quarter is 19 basis points, next quarter, you said it 
will be another. But have you done any calculation as to 
what will be the overall impact? Like, will there be any 
further or all of it will get re-priced? I understand 52 
percentage must be linked to 3-month MCLR or 1-month 
MCLR on the term loan side. 
A. L. Bindu: 
See, we expected a reduction by the time this circular came, 
so we are not seeing a reversal trend. So that is the reason 
our expectation is, a further increase in this quarter, 10 to 20 
basis points. In the CP market also, the pricing has not come 
down. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Pratik Tandel from Swan 
Capital. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 27 of 28 
 
Pratik Tandel: 
So I would like to know about the branches. In the FY21, 
'22, '23, since the number of branches were at 3,524, and we 
had restrictions. I wanted to go on the visibility of net branch 
expansion in the coming quarters. So, could you give some 
guidance on that? 
V P Nandakumar: 
So we have applied for more branches. In the past, one 
problem we faced was a surplus in auction remaining at 
around INR 48 crores. They told us to bring it down. Now 
we have achieved that. It going down and we had some 
discussions with the regulators and we hope we'll get 
permission in the near future. So, we had applied for 300 
branches and we hope we'll get permission for this. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Aagam from Flute Aura. 
Aagam: 
Most of my questions were answered. I just have one 
question. What is our CET1 ratio currently, standalone and 
of Asirvad? 
A. L. Bindu: 
Which ratio? 
Aagam: 
CET1. 
A. L. Bindu: 
Tier 1 and standalone, it is the full Tier 1 only. And in 
subsidiary... 
Management: 
18.5, Tier 1. 
A. L. Bindu: 
18.5, Tier 1. 
Management: 
And Tier 2 is 14.6. 

 
 
Manappuram Finance Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 28 of 28 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I will now hand the 
conference over to Mr. VP Nandakumar for closing 
comments. 
V P Nandakumar: 
So, thank you for the support and cooperation. We 
expect continued support from your side. Any more 
information what can be revealed, we are happy to share 
with you. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Nirmal Bang, that 
concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
