 
DNL/140/NSE/1460/2024 
February 21, 2024 
   
Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
MUMBAI – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Stock Symbol: DEEPAKNTR   
 
Sub: Submission of earnings conference call Transcript 
 
We enclose herewith the transcript of the earnings conference call of the Q3 & 9M FY 2024 held 
on February 15, 2024 and the same is also available on the website of the Company at the weblink 
https://www.godeepak.com/financial-result/. 
 
Please take the same on your record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
 
 
ARVIND BAJPAI  
Company Secretary  
 
Encl.: as above 
 
ARVIND 
BAJPAI
Digitally signed by ARVIND BAJPAI 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=afe43d4241054ba5b503ab
f0556262e2, 
2.5.4.20=5e34681fafc76356233a634cef0
f7ba42dd21ef97a5ea1029daca377c1a9
33fb, postalCode=390021, st=GUJARAT, 
serialNumber=8d20c67bf107cbb39d58
9f957e1972f3769c5a4d3bc7f3d908f55d
36402df9bb, cn=ARVIND BAJPAI 
Date: 2024.02.21 14:49:43 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
Deepak Nitrite Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MAULIK MEHTA – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER – DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
MR. SANJAY UPADHYAY – DIRECTOR, FINANCE AND 
GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – DEEPAK NITRITE 
LIMITED 
MR. SOMSEKHAR NANDA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
DEEPAK NITRITE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RANJIT CIRUMALLA – IIFL SECURITIES LIMITED  

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Deepak Nitrite Limited’s Q3 & 9M FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by IIFL Securities Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in listen only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask question after the presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
At the outset, I would like to clarify that certain statements made or discussed on the conference 
call today may be forward-looking in nature and a disclaimer to this effect has been included in 
the investor communication shared with you earlier. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Ranjit Cirumalla from IIFL Securities Limited. Please go 
ahead. Thank you. 
Ranjit Cirumalla: 
Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on Deepak Nitrite's Q3 & 9M FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Today, we have with us Mr. Maulik Mehta – Executive Director and CEO, Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay 
– Director (Finance) and Group CFO, and Mr. Somsekhar Nanda – CFO of Deepak Nitrite 
Limited. We will begin the call with opening remarks from the Management Team followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. 
To begin with, Mr. Maulik Mehta will share views on the operating performance and the growth 
plans of the Company, followed by Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who will take us through the financial 
and segmental performance. 
I now invite Mr. Mehta to share his opening comments. Thank you, and over to you sir.  
Maulik Mehta: 
Good afternoon everybody. Thank you for taking the time out to join our Earnings Call.  
Our results documents were shared with you earlier, and I hope you have had the opportunity to 
glance through them. I will now walk you through the operational highlights and strategic action 
during the third quarter and nine months of Financial Year 2023-24. Mr. Upadhyay will then 
present you with the financial overview during the period under review. Following that, we will 
open up the forum for a Q&A session.  
The Global chemical industry continued to witness adverse conditions in the third quarter also. 
A combination of uneven economic growth, sustained inflationary pressures and present interest 
rate regime have caused fears of recessionary conditions in leading developed economy. Geo-
political tensions have added to the cost of doing business including stretched cash conversion 
cycle, accompanied by the cost optimization focus in many sectors. The resulting global 
consumption trends have been adversely impacted so far. And the flow through impact to the 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
chemical sector has meant that there was persistent softness in demand from certain regions as 
well as certain segments. 
Our customers are responding to these challenges by re-evaluating the requirements, tightening 
their inventory levels, and negotiating for the best possible price. Amidst this, we have witnessed 
Chinese suppliers continue to undertake aggressive steps to destock the inventory of 
intermediates that have been building up.  
How have we responded to this perfect storm? Firstly, we focused on optimizing our assets and 
driving efficiencies to enhance competitiveness. Various plants have been debottlenecked. 
Moving forward, Greenfield capacities will supplement with order growth where Brownfield 
expansion falls short.  
Secondly, we have leveraged our brand equity and market position to prioritize wallet share and 
reliable supplies to our key strategic relationships. The improved production volumes need to be 
placed with customers and we have reported increased volume-led growth this quarter.  
Thirdly, we continue to evaluate areas for process efficiency and cost optimization. These 
initiatives have provided savings in areas such as yield enhancement, reduction in power and 
fuel costs as well as a reduction in CO2 emissions.  
Deepak’s broad product portfolio and versatile plant capability has allowed the Company to 
focus on driving volume led growth in certain pockets, which have enabled it to counterbalance 
subdued demand sentiment in other parts of the portfolio. As a result, this has led to a 13% 
quarter-on-quarter increase in topline, with provisions made for further improvement as the 
operating environment improves. The robust growth in the Phenolics segment, driven both by 
volume gains and improved realization has been a key driver for the accretive growth. Supported 
by focused initiatives to enhance operating efficiency and debottlenecking via software and 
hardware.  
In terms of segmental performance, advanced intermediates have reflected subdued demand 
recovery in certain industries, such as agro chemicals, textiles, dyes, and pigments, while other 
end applications like construction, infrastructure, and homecare, continue to show healthy 
demand. Mixed sentiment in end user industries influenced by cautious buying behavior, and 
resilient petrochemical linked raw material prices have led us to prioritize wallet share. Several 
key intermediates recorded the highest ever quarterly sales and production following the 
commissioning of opex initiatives.  
While prices of some key inputs have decreased, others which are petrochemical linked remain 
firm due to low operating rates at refineries plus war premiums on crude. We anticipate that the 
timing of backward integration and Brownfield capacity expansion will align with a more secular 
demand improvement going forward.  

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
In our Phenolics business, we delivered a solid performance on the back of improving plant 
efficiency and healthy sales volume. Additionally, the implementation of advanced process 
control and favorable weather conditions has facilitated record production figures of Phenol and 
Cumene this quarter, elevating average utilization to a new benchmark.  
Meanwhile, our ongoing projects such as PhotoHalogenation, High Pressure Fluorination, acid 
units and others are progressing well and are expected to be commissioned as planned. The 
operation and commissioning team are actively involved in preparing for the system handover 
of the high-pressure fluorination and Photochlorination project, with commissioning being 
anticipated within this current quarter. Regarding the acid unit, construction and equipment 
erection activities are at peak with most equipment deliveries completed. Other expansion 
projects such as MIBK, MIBC and Hydrogenation amongst others are also taking shape and are 
on track for commissioning as per plan. The polycarbonate compounding project is steadily 
progressing as well. Customers have accepted and appreciated product quality as delivered by 
Deepak. 
In notable developments, we signed a memorandum of understanding worth Rs. 9,000 crore on 
January 31st, 2024, this adds to the previous MOU worth Rs. 5,000 crore on May 23, 2023, 
aggregating to almost Rs. 14,000 crore. Projects covered by this investment of about Rs. 9,000 
crore will be completed by 2027. The projects of all the investments that have been announced 
will be completed by 2027. And the focus for this recent announcement will be on manufacturing 
three new products, Polycarbonate Resins, Methyl Methacrylate (MMA)/ Poly Methyl 
Methacrylate (PMMA) Resins and compounds as well as Aniline.  
Additionally, we have signed a term sheet with Petronet LNG, which is based in Dahej, which 
de-risks our growth trajectory by ensuring critical raw material availability via pipeline. We are 
set to uptake 250 KTPA propylene and 11 KTPA of hydrogen over a 15-year period from the 
initial delivery. This long-term agreement provides Deepak with assured access to feedstock for 
production processes at a competitive cost. Further, considering the supply will be through 
pipeline, not only will it be safe and cost effective, but it will have nil environmental impact as 
compared to road and rail transport.  
In conclusion, our steadfast focus for enhancing operational excellence, optimizing assets and 
solid project execution has allowed us to set new production benchmarks in several key 
intermediates. India's robust economic growth presents opportunities for the chemical industry 
at a global stage, and we are excited about not only our growth potential, but the opportunity for 
Deepak to be an anchor for tomorrow's India growth potential. Through strategic and substantial 
investments in new and Brownfield projects including those in the Phenol Acetone value chain 
that enable upstream and downstream integration. Our expanded capacities will enable us to 
serve not only the baseline growth as envisaged, but also our production migration from high 
cost region. In fact, our long-term plan envisages in creating one of the most integrated chemical 
and petrochemical complexes globally, which is sure to unlock new frontiers for Deepak and 
India's burgeoning chemical industry. We believe our ability to capitalize on these opportunities, 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
ensuring growth, value maximization and serving the nation sustainably will benefit all 
stakeholders. 
I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Sanjay Upadhyay, who will address this forum and 
take you through the financial performance and key updates during the period.  
Sanjay Upadhyay:  
Thank you, Maulik, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us on this call today. I 
will walk you through the highlights of the Financial Results for the Quarter and Nine Months 
ended December 31, 2023. 
Deepak Nitrite has demonstrated stable and resilient performance this quarter in the face of 
challenging market conditions prevailing in the global chemical industry during the third quarter, 
and in fact throughout the year. We have been consistently communicating about the increased 
level of volatility in the industry warranting faster response times and sharper strategic initiative 
to capture key parts of the value chain. We have demonstrated this during the quarter as the 
Company successfully expanded its market share in all businesses and boosted its revenue across 
various business adapters. By maintaining consistent and reliable supplies, Deepak Nitrite has 
upheld its long-standing relationships with the customers resulting in increased volumes across 
key product categories and balanced mix of domestic and export sales. Consequently, the 
Company's operations will remain highly efficient in capital utilization reflected in an enhanced 
return on capital employed of 26% in Q3 FY24, continuing its streak of robust performance over 
the past 12 quarters.  
Now coming to the financial performance in Q3 FY24, on a consolidated basis revenue came in 
at Rs. 2,023 crores as compared to Rs. 1,795 crores in Q2 FY24. On a quarter-on-quarter 
EBITDA came in at Rs. 318 crores from Rs. 319 crores almost flat in Q2. EBITDA margin was 
stable at 16% despite the pressure of higher raw material cost and other utilities. PAT stood at 
Rs. 202 crores from Rs. 205 crores in Q2. Profitability aligned with the operational performance 
of the Company was impacted due to lower realization and higher prices of the raw material. In 
the ensuing quarters, the circumstances are anticipated to improve. In nine months FY24 on a 
consolidated basis, revenues were at lower by 7% to Rs. 5,613 crores as compared to Rs. 6,046 
crores in nine months FY23. EBITDA stood at Rs. 879 crores in nine months FY24 compared 
to Rs. 976 crores in nine months FY23. Margins were stable of 16% in FY24, PAT came at Rs. 
557 crores as against Rs. 618 crores. 
On the operating front, our domestic business revenue stood at Rs. 1,572 crores and Rs. 4,474 
crores in Q3 and nine months respectively. Export revenues are Rs. 451 crores in Q3 and Rs. 
1,134 in nine months. On a consolidated basis, domestic export stood at 78% and 22%.  
Now moving to the segmental performance, in the advanced intermediate segment, revenue was 
flat at Rs. 685 crores in Q3 FY24 versus Rs. 684 crores in Q2 FY24. While EBITDA stood at 
Rs. 123 crores during the quarter under review. Nine months FY24 revenue came in at Rs. 2,084 
crores and EBITDA came in at Rs. 390 crores, translating into a margin of 19% despite the 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
current environmental challenging circumstances. Deepak Nitrite has also adjusted product 
pricing to offset rising input costs resulting in maintaining margin performance compared to the 
previous period, signaling a proactive approach amidst market challenges. 
Deepak Phenolics delivered an encouraging performance, grew by 20% to Rs. 1,355 crores in 
Q3 FY24 versus Rs. 1124 crores in Q2. While EBITDA stood at Rs. 201 crores in EBITDA 
margin came in at 15% in the quarter. During the nine months, revenue de-grew by 6% to Rs. 
3,558 crores and EBIDTA Rs. 497 crores translating into a margin of 14%.  
Last year on the balance sheet side, the Company's financial significantly enhanced and the 
Company continues to maintain a zero-debt position with a net worth of Rs. 4,543 crores on a 
consolidated basis. And Rs. 2,839 crores of standalone, thereby strengthening its balance sheet 
for the future expansion.  
Additionally DNL has made a cumulative investment of Rs. 656 in Deepak Chem Tech Limited, 
its wholly owned subsidiary, with Rs. 56 crores invested in Q3 FY24. DPL prepaid its remaining 
balance term loan during Q3 to become debt free following the footsteps of DNL which has been 
debt free for several quarters now. The Group as a whole, enjoys liquid investment of Rs. 386 
crore. During the quarter, DNL has invested Rs. 17 crores in Deepak Oman Industries to acquire 
32% stake. The treasury gains for the quarter stands at Rs. 5.7 crores in Q3 FY24 and Rs. 22 
crores in nine months of FY24.  
The Group has undertaken many digitalization initiatives one of the key initiatives is the 
successfully implementation of SAP along with Customer Relationship Management, Ariba and 
logistics tools from November 2023, DCTL and DNL are set to follow sequentially.  
Furthermore, the Company has implemented measures to enhance operational efficiencies 
through process optimization, yield improvements and cost reductions in power and water 
consumption. Our project pipeline remains robust and investment of around Rs. 2,000 crores are 
expected to be commissioned between January to December 2024. And will steadily add to the 
capacity, or to backward integration providing impetus to the growth.  
With that, I would now request the moderator to open the forum for question and answer session. 
Thank you. 
Moderator:  
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session.  
We have our first question from the line of Nirav Jamudia from Anvil Research.  
Nirav Jamudia: 
So, I have two questions. So, one on the standalone, and then on the Phenolics. Sir, if you can 
share for Q3 and 9M FY24 what sort of volume growth we have witnessed in the standalone 
business. And along with if you can just share your thoughts on how much of our current capacity 
like including those debottleneck is currently utilized and has a scope for further utilization? 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Nirav, nine months our volume growth is in the range of say 17% to 20%. And as regards 
capacity, the capacity, we are using around 80% to 85%, some plants are having surplus 
capacities. But then it's not very difficult for us to debottleneck and go ahead, in any case 
capacity is just a word, let's not get bogged down by how much capacity is empty and all. This 
year we have demonstrated that one of the plants we have spent little amount and then produce 
additional product which was never there in our budget or never in our pipeline, the sudden 
demand came, and we could produce that. So, that way our plants are flexible, multi-product 
plants and the team is capable of delivering. But you can take around 80% to 85% capacity 
utilization for the nine months.  
Maulik Mehta: 
I'll just add one thing that, our debottlenecking exercises have been a mix of hardware as well 
as software not only in Phenolics, which we have also mentioned, also in advanced 
intermediates. This is also coming on the back of lesson that we learned about two years ago, 
when we realized that we were unable to grow our wallet share because in many places our 
capacity was constrained. Now we have shown with a judicious mix of our opex as well as 
increased assets, we have ensured that our capacity is more than the current increased volume 
that we are pushing out into the market. So, wherever possible, we have created headroom. As, 
I mentioned in my initial remarks, and where we feel like, by and large we will not be able to go 
much further here. We have also initiated land for large scale capex which should be Greenfield 
for example, Oman plant. 
Nirav Jamudia: 
Sir, let’s say if we consider the backward integration projects what you mentioned, the nitric 
acid part. And coupled with the headroom of the capacities available with us in terms of the 
debottleneck and some pockets where it is currently underutilized. What's a fair assessment in 
terms of our quarterly EBITDA again moving to those ranges of Rs. 150 crores, which we used 
to do on a quarterly basis in FY23, because this quarter if we see we were at Rs. 112 crores. So, 
if you can just help us like what will be the combination of volume growth, as well as the benefits 
of backward integration facilities can help us to take that level of run rate in which of the quarters 
of FY25. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, rather than getting into quarter number, what I can share is that both of these will have their 
own compounding value that they can give. And all of this depends significantly in terms of the 
improvement in the off take or the products that we make, over this period of time we have in 
that sense, gone through this baptizing of fire and by increasing our wallet share, at the expense 
of competition, so when their wallet share reduces, their operating costs also increases as our 
debottlenecking as well as backward integration commission it will allow us to maximize on this 
position that we have worked diligently to take. I won't give you an answer with a quarter, but I 
can tell you that, one way or another this is the direction that it will trend at, whatever numbers 
you are giving, either add a quarter or subtract a quarter. But when these plants come online, this 
is the cumulative. 
Nirav Jamudia: 
Sir any expected timelines which you can share when the nitric acid plant would be 
commissioned? 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
Maulik Mehta: 
I can just share that we have already announced by and large every quarter there will be some 
plant, or another being commissioned, some with upstream, some with downstream, some is in 
AI, some is in Phenolics, so rest assured we will see good value over a period of time being 
increased to the top line and the bottom line. 
Nirav Jimudia: 
Got it sir. And Maulik just one question to what you mentioned like, agrochemicals, textiles dyes 
and pigments have been showing subdued growth. So, if you can just help us know how much 
of our standalone business would be or standalone revenue would be coming from these four 
broad segments currently? 
Maulik Mehta: 
It would be a considerable amount, but what I was sharing was largely the situation that was at 
play into Q3, agrochemicals especially the products that we give to multinationals, they in some 
cases, they have had difficult years in CY2023 and as they close their books, they would also 
want to move forward with a minimum overhang in terms of inventory and working capital. So, 
Q4 is going to be incrementally better than Q3 in terms of volume. Now, in some products there 
is continuing to be softness in terms of demand in some places, that is largely because of the 
specific customers, where their balance sheets also maybe stretched. In other places, we are 
finding that there is a fragile improvement. Now for products where Deepak is into the dyes, the 
textile intermediate there also we are seeing certainly there is an improvement in demand, if I 
compare Q4 and Q3. But all these things at the end of the day are sequential in nature. So, I'm 
comparing it not to the last year, but to the previous quarter.  
Nirav Jamudia: 
Got it. Sir second question is on the Phenols business, like based on the reported volumes, what 
we have shown in the presentation, our opex comes to closer to $185 - $190 if we do some rough 
math, so does it include the benefit of the 29 megawatt captive power plant which have been set 
up and if yes, going forward is there any further scope of reduction in our operating costs. Along 
with it, if you can just share some list of initiatives which we have taken in the Phenolics business 
over the last one or two years to bring down our operating costs and improve the efficiency 
levels? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Nirav, several measures are taken, this performance will not come if you are just relying on the 
market volatility. We must appreciate that by increasing the capacity itself, the overhead cost 
per tonne goes down significantly, that's the major, major advantage these people are making, 
and it increases the efficiency of the plant. On top of it, there are logistical improvements what 
we have done, increasing the size of containers, which will reduce, which will of course reduce 
the cost as well as ESG is beneficial, we have taken care of every advance process control 
management system, which is also controlling my processes and then improving the yield and 
production. And then valorization of products that is also helping us in a big way. So, these 
efforts are on, we don’t stop at this, it continues. So, various measures and we have a very, very 
capable team of people handling this. So, don't worry about this, these people efficiencies, and 
the production of the phenol is absolutely I would say in well control by the team and all 
improvement whatever possible people are doing there on all the fronts. 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Maulik Mehta: 
Including sustainability, we are continuing to reduce our carbon footprint on a kg of production. 
And keep in mind that we also in many cases have to take up the cost of logistics of getting the 
raw material, as well as in some cases giving the final product. So, when we look at 
improvements, we look at net of. 
Nirav Jamudia: 
Sir just a small clarification here. So, does the benefit of the 29 megawatts fully capture in this 
quarter, or some benefit is yet to yield here? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
The power plant benefit is fully captured. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Gagan Deep from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP.  
Gagan Deep: 
So, as you know, there has been a demand slowdown at a global level despite that, you people 
have sustained the performance in terms of top line and bottom line. So, two parts of question 
on this, whether the inventory destocking by the Chinese players is over and can we expect the 
things getting normalizing in FY25. And secondly, how do you see the chemical prices, 
specifically the Phenol and Acetones shaping up in the near term followed by in FY25? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Okay. First of all, this concept about destocking, I emphasized it last time, I will just re-
emphasize it again. Destocking essentially means that for whatever reason, a manufacturer 
believes that his cost of manufacturing tomorrow for whatever reason, may be a little bit, either 
the same or more and hence he is choosing to manufacture today, but if then try to push it out so 
that he can manufacture tomorrow. Now at the same time, the headwind is the customer's ability 
to take, and the customer’s ability to take is linked to his ability to sell. So, destocking is not a 
situation which is something that happens in a transient manner. It is the rate of destocking which 
is the question, and the rate of destocking obviously has to slow down because the inventory 
level themselves get depleted as destocking is accelerated right now. So, over a period of time, 
you will see a slowdown in the destocking where the demand and the supply by and large start 
to come to a parity. Generally, this will happen over the next quarter, couple of quarters 
depending on the end segment. And in places where there may be geopolitical uncertainty or 
economic uncertainty, interest rate uncertainty, those will all play some role or another in either 
convincing a customer to choose to buy more regardless of whether they need it or not or buy 
less to maintain a low balance sheet overnight. Now, when it comes to products like phenol and 
acetone, these are manufactured as well as consumed in large volume. And they are made by 
players all over the world. And there's a significant part of it, which is also the freight component, 
a significant part of it which is also the ability to hold inventory. So, moving forward, it's not 
going to be about whether phenol price acetone prices go up or down, it's going to be about how 
they move in relation to their upstream and downstream price. So, when we look at our 
performance, it is about whether we can manage the product pricing to continue to give a 
sustainable margin over material. I don't care if benzene prices go up and propylene price prices 
go up, as long as I am able to pass it on. What I care about is, that I am focused on volume 
improvement, quality improvement and my domestic consumption base is continuing to show 
robust growth in demand, and I am there cost competitively manufacturing and supplying them 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
the quality they need. So, I am reasonably satisfied as long as my plant is always able to ensure 
whatever is being required is being manufactured. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.  
Abhijit Akella: 
Sir, just on the Rs. 9,000 crore MoU signed with the Gujarat Government. There are two sets of 
new products mentioned within that which is the MMA and PMMA and Aniline. So, is it 
possible to share some further color around the breakdown of capex between these, the capacities 
that we plan to set up and your revenue and margin expectations that will be helpful. Thank you. 
Maulik Mehta:  
So, Abhijit I don't think we need to go into the breakup of the capex because there will be lots 
of scope for optimization in this in terms of one whether it is with regards to land or utilizing 
certain assets as allocations and things like that, like boilers and things like this. Now, the reason 
that I feel confident, and by these are not just two products, MMA and PMMA are made using 
feedstock’s which we are already very comfortable using feedstocks such as acetone, ammonia, 
etc. And what is critical here to keep in mind Abhijit, is that it will also involve a cyanation 
block of significant capacity. Now, this will be at a world scale as usual, when it comes to 
Deepak and this will be significant fundamental asset which will then be available to the Indian 
ecosystem, obviously for Deepak’s Specialty Chemical needs and all that moving forward. So, 
Cyanation today generally is not performed in India maybe with some small capacity here or 
there. Similarly, when you are looking at polycarbonate, you are looking at process 
competencies, which will then be put here at a world scale, and it will allow those processes 
whether it is like oscillation or melt to be used for various different Specialty Chemical 
applications. So, today if I was to hypothetically say that I will have 100 tonnes requirement for 
Cyanation, I will invest in 110 tonne capacity, 120 tonne capacity, this will allow me to get into 
niche Specialty molecules as well as a large commodity play and most of these including the 
ones that we have announced like polycarbonate, this is a resin which will then go downstream 
into the compounding. So, the margins of all of these will be either equal to or in an accretive 
manner better than what you are currently seeing in Deepak Phenolics. So, on a net basis or on 
a consolidated basis you will see a blended EBITDA which sits comfortably between Deepak 
Nitrite, normalized situation where it is upstream and downstream integration as well as Deepak 
Phenolics EBITDA.  
Abhijit Akella:  
Understand, thank you. And regarding the financing of these projects, will it primarily be debt 
financed. And if so, is there a sort of peak debt to EBITDA number that you have in mind going 
forward? 
Sanjay Upadhyay:  
Abhijit, we will come back to you, on this when we crystallize our plan and thoughts, it's too 
premature to tell you today, going to only thing one must know that we are having a strong zero 
debt company and Rs. 5,000 crores networth line. So there is enough room for debt also and 
enough room for equity also. There is no issue as such on financing because the financing also 
depends on the requirements outcomes, the cash flows, year one, year two, year three, so we 
have time enough to run our things in a most beneficial way to all.  

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
Abhijit Akella:  
One last thing is just on the Rs. 2,000 crores of new investments that are being commissioned 
during CY24. So, this would include all the projects listed on slide number #10. So, 
polycarbonate compounding, fluorination acid, MIBK, all these basically getting commissioned 
during CY24? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, by December 2024 we are expecting. 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, there will be one Specialty chemical which will reach that a little bit by in a month or two 
months, now of course we are still trying to see how we can optimize that. 
Abhijit Akella:  
Right. FY26, you would expect all these projects to pay off optimally or it would be a slightly 
graded kind of ramp up for some of these? 
Maulik Mehta:  
They will all go into production ramp up as we have normally done, our plan for production 
ramp up, which includes safety, while it also includes optimizing as quickly as possible. Asking 
us whether we will have a payback by 2026 is that what you are asking us? 
Abhijit Akella:  
Just sort of asking about the optimal utilization, can we sort of expect most of these will be at 
optimal levels by FY26? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, no doubt on that.  
Maulik Mehta:  
We have accelerated ramp up; safety is the primary focus. So, if safety is kept in place, the ramp 
up plan in terms of customer requirements, they are saying faster, better. 
Sanjay Upadhyay:  
Yes, it will be optimal utilized no issues on that. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Two questions from me. Firstly sir, on the advanced intermediates side, you have mentioned to 
the earlier participants that, Q4 you think it's going to be better from volume perspective from 
Q3. My question was looking at the recovery from an FY25 standpoint, do you think it's going 
to be more of the case that you are seeing sequential recovery every quarter going into the next 
year or do you still think given, what you are seeing in the industry, it's still a situation where, 
you see a recovery one quarter, and then maybe a step back. Just wanted to get your thoughts 
more in terms of the pace and trajectory of recovery going into FY25. That was the first question.  
And the second one was in Phenolics. Just given the debottlenecking and all the initiatives that 
you have done and the industry spreads, I would have thought that the sequential improvement 
would have been much higher on the Phenolics side. Just wanted to clarify if there was 
something different that was happening in this quarter. Thank you so much. 
Maulik Mehta: 
Thanks Vivek. I will just answer your second question first, I would be interested in seeing the 
data that gave you an indication that the improvement should be significantly better. From every 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
data point that we see that Q3 has been strong performance for Phenolics given the current 
macro-economic client, given the fact that there is not a single plant in pretty much in most of 
the world, which is into merchant sales of phenol, which is operating at anywhere close to 140% 
- 150% like Deepak Phenolics is, I would be curious to understand the data, and it would help 
me also make better estimations in the future. Nonetheless, what we can share is that the team 
on the ground and the technical team continues to find further headroom for improvement 
whether it is on capacity or efficiency that continues, and we encourage the team to be creative 
in looking for opportunity for growth.  
Now with regards to the first question, whether the recovery will be consistent and secular in 
nature. This is difficult to say from where we are looking right now. It does seem like it, but it 
is a fragile recovery. Geopolitical economic shock seems to have become a norm over the last 
few years. And there is already a lot of stuff which is priced in, but escalation in any of these 
things remains to be seen as possible, Black Swan. We believe that more than anything else, 
India will continue to be a remarkably bright arc in the middle of all this uncertainty. And hence, 
Indian consumers and Indian customers will be the most benefited by having domestic suppliers 
of key raw materials, such as Deepak. So, we see how the improvement on a global scale pan 
out. But rest assured that, India will always be a couple of 100 bps ahead of the rest of the world 
in terms of rate of recovery. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just very clear. Thank you so much for the answers. Just one book keeping question from my 
side. What would be the current phenol nameplate capacity after all your debottlenecking that 
you have done so far? 
Maulik Mehta: 
We have forgotten that it used to be 200,000 tonnes when we commissioned it in 2018, I don't 
think anyone has asked that again. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, my first question is on the finance front. So, have we seen any new capacities coming in 
China, and maybe Korea and other parts of the world. And how do we see the spread going 
ahead, will they continue to improve and stabilize here or probably FY25 will start qualifying 
when we will start, whether they will be able to go up. Thank you. 
Maulik Mehta: 
There is lots of capacity that has been commissioned over the last year, especially in China and 
the Far East. And that was expected in any case. Now, with regards to spread again, difficult 
question to answer in the current situation, you see what has happened is that the Red Sea as 
well as what is happening currently with regards to the Panama Canal, has almost split the world 
into two. So, freight rates and extended cash conversion cycles are forcing customers to make 
very different kinds of buying decisions compared to what we would make if it was only linked 
to demand consumption. Now, keeping this in mind, keeping also in mind that Asia is the world's 
largest manufacturer of petrochemical, spreads is a very difficult point to put in place, because 
it is not just about the spread between phenol and benzene or propylene. But it is also about 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
whether the product is in what is called contango or backwardation. So, we buy our benzene in 
a manner in which it is N minus one and we sell our phenol at current market rates. This gives 
us the delta of about a month, month, and a half, where we have that breathing room and it gives 
us the opportunity to optimize our pricing policies with regards to feedstock availability. This 
visibility is key for us to make the right decisions when it comes to margin over material.  
Moving forward, the spread may increase, or decrease based on whether it becomes easier to 
move material around the world like it was a year ago or a couple of years ago. If there continue 
to remain such obstacles like what is happening right now around the Suez Canal or around the 
Panama Canal, then that will change both seller and buyer behavior. Right now, with the current 
situation with crude prices as well as the geopolitical premium. There's a lot of refineries which 
have gone into voluntary lower run rate or voluntary shutdown, these will all come back and that 
will allow a significant improvement in the flow of feedstocks such as benzene. Now how this 
translates into phenol, it is also a matter of how it is consumed and how customers stock it. We 
will see, it's not a good time to crystal ball gaze and give you a perspective of the next few 
quarters. But what we are ensuring we are doing is maintaining a broad purchasing scope, so we 
don't depend on one or two suppliers, we buy from as many suppliers as possible, we tighten our 
purchasing rates because we are very large consumers. And we are also exactly where we need 
to be in terms of supplying our customers who don't want to be depending on a very long credit 
cycle to get there, in phenol acetone or IPA. And moving forward over the next six, eight months 
we will also become significant consumers of our own product, we have to ensure that our 
debottleneck capacity is allowing us to maintain our wallet share despite an internal consumption 
story also.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sure, sir that’s helpful. Sir second question in terms of the total Rs. 14,000 crores of investment 
into Gujarat, just to get a perspective in terms of whether the project will come all together, or 
maybe some projects will come in 2026 and the rest of them will come in 2027? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, we have clarified that about Rs. 2,000 crore out of that is in advance phases of execution and 
will be commissioned over a period of time, over the next few quarters. The remainder of that 
we are working along with technology providers to optimize which comes first, which comes 
second, but it's clear what needs to happen by the end of 2027. So, look at it from the perspective 
of knowing that for a company like Deepak, 2027 end is a very clear perspective, we have to 
make sure that we get our things right for which we have a good internal strength, financial 
strength as well as technical strength. So, if you look backwards from 2027, you will see a very 
clear picture emerge, well it almost becomes irrelevant, whether things are bundled together or 
not. What will also add a fillip to this is that one of these capacities, as we mentioned earlier, 
Phenol-2 or Cyanation of various processes for making the polycarbonate and the compounding 
come into play, it gives us a wide constellation of applications for this Tech Chem industry, 
which we are also keeping some amount of dry gunpowder on the side in terms of investment 
availability. So, 2027, we will see a marked base increase for Deepak both in the quote, unquote 
commodity chemicals which will be downstream with the current play, as well as what one 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
would qualify as Specialty Chemicals, which will be multistep including these processes, which 
are all not exactly for almost for the first time in India. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Just one last clarification, given that we have operated the Phenol plant at close to about 88,000 
tonnes of capacity during this quarter. If I just calculate on an annual basis for four quarters, the 
capacity comes to about 350,000 tonnes would that calculation be right. Thank you. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Yes, that calculation is right. But you can't multiply because each quarter we saw some changes 
in quarter. But what you are saying is right, it is around that only.  
Moderator:  
We have our next question from line of Pavnish Kumar from Ashwani Cars Pvt. Ltd. 
Pavnish Kumar: 
So, first question is that, with the kind of projects that we have planned in upcoming two, three 
years, what kind of operating margins are we looking at like in last quarter we did around 15% 
- 15.5% operating margins. What kind of operating margins are we looking at with all the 
capacities coming up and running? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
See let’s understand one thing, whatever announcements we have made, as mentioned by our 
Chairman, Deepak will be the most integrated petrochemical plant, maybe, perhaps in the world. 
We will add certainly to whatever current margins you are seeing, because ultimately, we are 
going downstream in the product. We are going upstream also in the product. So, combination 
of all these things, and it puts Deepak in a different horizon altogether, so when we talk of this 
Rs. 9,000 crore announcement, I would answer your financial numbers, the payback should be 
or will be in the range of say five years, but then this depends on various uncertainty in the 
market, and this is the calculation, roughly one should expect 2% -  3% higher than what normal 
Phenol margin is, in all these projects so, you can calculate accordingly. 
Pavnish Kumar: 
Okay. Second, I wanted to know in the last annual report there was a mention of a QIP that was 
planned for Deepak Nitrite? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So, we will come back to you on all these things, we will have to finance Rs. 14,000 crores 
project out of that Rs. 2,000 project done. But, say Rs. 10,000 crores capex is there, so  we will 
get back, we have to sit and work it out because we are having enough room for date, we have 
enough cash available, we are generating this is what we are talking of 2026, hence on depending 
on the cash flow requirement every year, as I mentioned in my earlier remarks also, this is too 
early to answer your question, how are we going to, QIP will happen, and all this. We will 
certainly come back to you once we finalize our thought process, I don’t want to jump in saying 
something it’s very easy to say for me to say debt and equity will happen and interest accrual 
will happen but let us work it out and then come back to you rather than just giving numbers or 
figures. 
Maulik Mehta: 
I just want to take this opportunity to answer your earlier question here. You need to think about, 
I would like you really to think about Deepak as a balanced portfolios of equities and bonds. We 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
like individual businesses that are counter cyclical by their natures. The most significant question 
that you should be asking is, whether you believe in the fundamentals of the company. 
Pavnish Kumar: 
Agreed sir. Just last question sir, we have made lots of announcements recently like Rs. 9,000 
crores we have promised in Gujarat, then Rs. 5,000 crores we have also promised in Gujarat. 
Then we have some project coming up in Oman also, just for the benefit of all the audiences can 
you please summarize all the projects that we are planning in next four, five years? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Summarize you want to make us name the products? 
Pavnish Kumar: 
The capex that we are doing in the next four, five years, can you just summarize all of them? 
Maulik Mehta: 
We have announced that we are getting into Specialty chemicals, upstream integration including 
hydrogenation, we are getting into a Greenfield expansion of phenol acetone, there will be 
Bisphenol A which will be as a downstream of phenol and acetone as well as an upstream of 
polycarbonate resin. We will also be making MMA, which as you noticed was a tongue twister 
for me when I was discussing, that will then also go into making of poly MMA. We will also be 
manufacturing Aniline, which by the way will be what one would call high-grade Aniline. So, 
just to be clear, it is not the average PU grade Aniline, but it is what you call an aramid grade 
Aniline. You also will be looking at an investment in Oman, which we have announced, and we 
are calling it a phase one announcement, because this will be for sodium nitrite and sodium 
nitrate. We will also be putting up an investment for a world class research and development 
center which is also by the way, progressing well and should see the light of day maybe by about 
12 months from now. And over and above this, you have the infrastructure development which 
will house all these projects because they will need utilities and other assets online as well. The 
reason that we put up a separate project management company is to ensure a high degree of 
governance because we will be doing multiple projects at the same time in multiple geographies. 
And for what it’s worth we do not make announcements about capex’s incurred for 
debottlenecking Brownfield expansion, and we also do not announce capex’s if they are involved 
in Specialty chemical products which will be delivered in Deepak basket as an additional to what 
we are currently developing. Those are not mentioned, not included, and not discussed. These 
large-scale projects, which we have announced, by and large these are all happening semi 
concurrently and by our internal team, some of these will have external technology suppliers 
who have demonstrated globally plants of a world scale capacity. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Mrunal from Axanoun Investment Management.  
Mrunal: 
So, whatever the products that we are manufacturing, is there any anti-dumping duty on any of 
the products? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
No, not today.  

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
Maulik Mehta: 
Currently, there is on Aniline. We are not manufacturing, okay, are you talking about existing 
products? 
Mrunal: 
Yes. 
Maulik Mehta: 
No. 
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Chirag Shah from White Pine Investments.  
Chirag Shah: 
There are two questions very, very basic ones. If I compare FY22 as a base and currently, if you 
can annualize nine months if required or how is the volume growth that we have seen in 
Phenolics and other than Phenolics in a very simple way if I have to ask you? For our business 
what has been the volume growth ballpark if you can indicate? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, across Deepak Nitrite standalone and Phenolics there has been a volume growth, you can 
assume that it is somewhere between 15% to 17%. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Around 17% to 20%. 
Chirag Shah: 
Per annum basis or from point to point? 
Maulik Mehta: 
You asked from a base number?  
Chirag Shah: 
Yes, for point to point, okay. And it is similar for both or Phenolics would have a higher and 
other would have lower? 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, gross volume for Phenolics is always higher. 
Chirag Shah: 
Okay. And the second question is, now you have partly answered, historically you always used 
to maintain that our EBITDA margin guidance, broadly should be 16% to 20%, based on 
business cycle, product, mix, etc. Given the value addition that we are looking to do, and 
including downstream also in that, shouldn’t this ballpark guidance actually show a significant 
uptick when the project stabilizes? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So, that’s what I mentioned that yes, the guidance is right 16% to 20%. And with all this, because 
this is going further downstream and even somewhere it is upstream also, it should add to though 
it will not add to the top line if it is captive, but it should add 2% to 3% over current EBITDA 
margins. 
Chirag Shah: 
So, it is right to look at 12 months out the project stabilization if you start a project today, you 
should see those benefits 12 months out that is the right way to look at it? 
Maulik Mehta: 
No, it depends. Project stabilization is different for different products. If you are using a 
hazardous chemistry for example, you need to have a very flow scale up so that you can measure 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
the impact with regards to the internal equipment as well. If you are using assets which have 
generally a very robust manufacturing profile, you can scale up fast and in some cases the scale 
up is also contingent with regards to in-line with the customer’s buying requirements. So, for 
example there are a couple of Specialty chemicals which we will be making, which will be high 
value but the customer himself or herself requires about six months with regards to ensuring that 
the product is remaining stable with regards to shelf life. So, these are depending on different 
products and different chemistries. 
Chirag Shah: 
And last question is, you mentioned that for the new capex that you are doing, ballpark payback 
is five years. So, if I do a very basic math, it is ROCE dilutive as compared to what current 
ROCEs that we have, any thought on that side?  
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
With the new capex versus today’s ROCE, you are considering the depreciated assets. So, there 
is a big difference between the two. You can’t compare today’s situation with a new capex. After 
three or four years, whatever investments we are making once they start generating profit, you 
will have same ROCE but not in our initial phase. 
Chirag Shah: 
That’s for this, because I was wondering five-year payback generally, when you say a five year 
payback, the first two year payback ROCEs would be significantly lower and then it will scale 
up. So, that’s why I was trying to understand how we are looking at this five-year payback 
number. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Okay, I answered it, this is general ballpark number, some projects will have three years, some 
projects will have four years so we are talking of Rs. 14,000 crores investment.  
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Dhara Ganatra from ValueQuest Investment 
Advisors.  
Dhara Ganatra: 
So, one of the largest Phenol manufacturers has shut its capacity. So, are we seeing any benefits 
coming in terms of volumes and realization, and our wallet share increasing. And when is the 
resale capacity of Phenol coming in and what is the kind of timeline? 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
So, we are seeing all that already here, we are able to sell such a volume that itself shows that. 
Maulik Mehta: 
If you are referring to the recent shutdown in Germany? 
Dhara Ganatra: 
Yes. 
Maulik Mehta: 
That is a force majeure, it did not shut down like how you have heard about in other places in 
Europe, which is a permanent closure. This is a force majeure, now there is it starts off with 
some level of sentimental buying, we don't comment on that. Sometimes it will be there, 
sometimes it will be more of desperation in terms of volume, pricing, those are all parts of regular 
business. I will not comment about the impact of any of its force majeure. And we will see how 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
long it pans out because they themselves are not to the best of my knowledge declared how much 
time it will take in line with force majeure. We remain capable of supplying increased volumes 
if there is a requirement and meanwhile, we are focused on ensuring that.  
Dhara Ganatra: 
Okay. And if you can share the timeline for the Greenfield Phenol expansion? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Before 2027, it should be commissioned, before end of 2027 that is when we will be consuming 
this increased amount of propylene.  
Dhara Ganatra: 
And what would be the size? 
Maulik Mehta: 
It can happen at that time only. 
Dhara Ganatra: 
Okay. And the capacity would be? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Similar by and large, maybe it will be a little bit more adventurous with regards to the capacity 
but assume it will be something similar to what we have currently. 
Dhara Ganatra: 
Okay. And one book keeping question as you can share the Phenol volume number in the last 
three quarters that you have done? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Sale volume, production what? 
Dhara Ganatra: 
Sales, what you have done in the last three quarters if we can get that number?  
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
I don't think we should share with you the numbers on the call. 
Maulik Mehta: 
What is the relevance, because these numbers are inclusive of acetone of IPA, of AMF, whatever 
I don't know.  
Dhara Ganatra: 
I just wanted to see on a standalone basis how much of the growth is led by volume? 
Maulik Mehta: 
We have already mentioned that there has been 13% revenue growth, that has been volume led 
growth. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Total volume growth is around 17% to 20% in the cumulative nine months, that’s what we have 
seen now, we don't want to give you details of each product and that will not be right for us.  
Moderator:  
We have our next question from the line of Garvit Goyal from Nvest Analytics Advisory LLP.  
Garvit Goyal: 
Just one question on the PhotoHalogenation  and chlorination part. So, how is ramp-up going to 
happen and what contribution do you expect in FY25? 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
Maulik Mehta: 
So, with regards to the ramp up, the ramp up will be in a structured manner, the requirement is 
already there, partially it will be consumed internally and partially the production will be sold 
externally. But the same assets will also be used to manufacture the product. And that is why the 
assets have been what we call up-engineered. So, PhotoHalogenation product will also be sold 
out. The high-pressure chlorination will be downstream from the halogenation. That will also 
have further downstream flowing into both Deepak Nitrite’s requirements, as well as our 
customers’ requirements. On a blended basis, I would qualify that in the medium term. The 
margin profile is in one way similar to what you normally expect from Deepak. 
Garvit Goyal: 
I was asking because of the contribution to top line. 
Maulik Mehta: 
With regards to month-on-month simply because there are always new challenges, and you want 
to make sure that you are doing things safely first and then efficiently second. 
Garvit Goyal: 
Yes, sir that I understand, can you share any number like what percent utilization do we expect 
in FY25? 
Maulik Mehta: 
By the end of the second quarter, we should have very high utilization. Frankly speaking also 
just, I want to be very honest, I would say that when it comes to both of the processes. These are 
not easy, and these are also the first time that Deepak as a company is doing it, we are committed 
to doing it safely and responsibly. We also have the best talent in the country, who is going to 
help us, so how confidence is based on the confidence that our team has. But we are also humble 
enough to accept that this is a new chemistry for us. So, whatever it is we will, there on the side 
of caution, our people on the ground are our most valuable commodity. 
Garvit Goyal: 
And sir what is the peak revenue do we expect from this chemistry? 
Maulik Mehta: 
Difficult to answer, because some of these are going to be as I mentioned, products that Deepak 
itself will consume and sell. But some of these are also going to be used for co-development 
with our customers for fine chemicals. So, those will depend, the revenue coming in will depend 
on the kind of agreements that we have in place with our customers. Those are all covered by 
NDA. So, even though these are just a handful of assets, it's difficult to give you an answer 
because it's a blended product portfolio. 
Moderator:  
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today. I now hand the conference 
over to the management for closing comments. 
Sanjay Upadhyay: 
Thank you all for joining this call. In case any further clarification is required. Please get in touch 
with our IR team led by Mr. Somsekhar Nanada. Thank you once again.  
Maulik Mehta: 
Thank you and stay healthy. 
 

 
Deepak Nitrite Limited 
February 15, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for 
clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high 
level of accuracy. 
 
