February 6, 2024 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub:  Intimation under Regulation 30 of Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 (the 
‘Listing Regulations’) - Earnings Call Transcript for the Third Quarter and 
Nine Months ended December 31, 2023 
With reference to our letter dated January 12, 2024, and pursuant to Regulation 30(6) 
read with Part A of Schedule Ill of the Listing Regulations, we are enclosing herewith the 
Earnings Call Transcript pertaining to the Financial Results for the Third Quarter and 
Nine Months ended December 31, 2023, of the Company. 
The aforesaid information is also being made available on the website of the Company at 
www.bluestarindia.com  
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
For Blue Star Limited 
Rajesh Parte 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Encl: a/a 
\\172.16.31.16\Legal and Secretarial Documents\(01) Blue Star Limited\2023-24\Stock Exchange Compliances\Reg 30 - Information and Update\15. Earnings call Transcript\Q3FY24
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001 
BSE Scrip Code: 500067
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400 051 
NSE Symbol: BLUESTARCO
RAJESH 
DIGAMBA
R PARTE
Digitally signed 
by RAJESH 
DIGAMBAR PARTE 
Date: 2024.02.06 
11:20:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
 
“Blue Star Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. B. THIAGARAJAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. NIKHIL SOHONI – GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 18 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Blue Star Limited Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call. We have with us today from the management Mr. B. Thiagarajan – Managing 
Director, Blue Star Limited and Mr. Nikhil Sohoni – Group Chief Financial Officer, Blue Star 
Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. B. Thiagarajan. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Thank you. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. It's a pleasure and a privilege to talk to you 
today over this Earnings Call. I am in a car on highway. If the call gets disconnected, Nikhil will 
continue the conversation. 
As you are already aware, we declared our Q3 Results yesterday. You might have noticed that 
we have posted Revenue growth of close to around 25% and Net Profit growth of around 72%. 
All businesses of Blue Star, whether it is B2B or B2C have done well. We have witnessed 
significant growth due to festive demand and perhaps the pent up demand that would have been 
there for the room air conditioners business. Tier-3, 4, 5 towns continue to do well and the 
businesses from light commercial as well as large infrastructure products continues to be good. 
The carryforward order book stood at a record Rs.6,038 Cr. 
During the call, Nikhil will explain to you the highlights of various businesses, post that we will 
answer your questions. 
We have also declared yesterday that Mr. Vir Advani will succeed Mr. Shailesh Haribhakti as 
Chairman of the Board w.e.f. April 1, 2024. 
We have also inducted two independent directors; Mr. Vipin Sondhi and Mr. Murlidhar 
Gangadharan. 
Over to you, Nikhil, for your opening remarks, post that I will come back for questions and 
answers. Thank you very much. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Thank you, Mr. Thiagarajan. So, good morning, ladies and gentlemen. This is Nikhil Sohoni, 
and I will provide you an Overview of the Results of Blue Star for Quarter-ended December 
2023. 
Financial Highlights: 
There was a healthy demand for room air conditioners and refrigeration products during the 
festive season combined with growth in commercial air conditioning business and has resulted 
in a record growth revenue in Q3 FY24. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 18 
The company's focus on Total Cost Management initiatives, product portfolio optimization and 
scale benefits has resulted in significant growth in profits. 
1) 
Financial highlights for the quarter-ended December 31, 2023, on a consolidated basis 
are summarized as follows: 
 
Revenue from operations for Q3 FY24 grew by 25% to Rs.2,241 Cr as compared to Rs. 
1,794 Cr in the Q3 FY23.  
 
EBITDA excluding other income, for Q3 FY24, improved to Rs.155 Cr, which gives an 
EBITDA margin of 6.9% as compared to Rs.105 Cr in Q3 FY23 with an EBITDA margin 
of 5.8%. So, this improvement is due to scale and higher gross margins. 
 
PBT before exceptional items grew 67.9% to Rs.134 Cr in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs.80 
Cr in Q3 FY23. 
 
Tax expense for Q3 FY24 is at Rs.34 Cr as compared to Rs.21.6 Cr in Q3 FY23. 
 
Net profit grew 72% to healthy Rs.100 Cr in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs.58 Cr in the Q3 
FY23.  
 
EPS stood at Rs. 4.89 in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs. 3.03 in Q3 FY23 
 
The carried- forward order book as of December 31, 2023 grew by 24% to Rs.6,038 Cr 
as compared to Rs.4,861 Cr as at December 31, 2022. 
 
As reported in the preceding quarters, the company continues to invest in expanding 
manufacturing capacity, accelerating R&D and digitalization as a part of its growth plan 
and profitability improvement programs. Consequently, the capital employed as of 
December 31, 2023 has increased to Rs.2,298 Cr compared to Rs.1,505 Cr as of  
December 31, 2022. 
 
Net cash position as on December 31, 2023 was Rs.157 Cr as compared to a net borrowing 
position of Rs.396 Cr, which was a debt-equity ratio of 0.36 as on December 31, 2022. 
 
2) 
Business Highlights for Q3FY24  
Segment-I: Electromechanical Projects and Commercial Air Conditioning: 
The revenue grew by 17.9% to a healthy Rs.1,182 crores as compared to Rs.1,002 crores in the 
Q3 of last year. Even the segment results at Rs.96.6 crores in the current quarter, giving a margin 
of 8.2% as compared to Rs.71.6 crores, giving a margin of 7.1% in the Q3 of last year. 
Order inflow for Q3 FY24 was at around Rs.1,260 crores as compared to Rs.1,680 crores in the 
Q3 FY23. 
1. 
Electro-Mechanical Projects Business: 
While the slowdown and delay in order finalizations, the commercial building sector continues, 
enquiries and order inflows from factory and data centers continue to remain healthy. There has 
been a slowdown in tender inflows in infrastructure sector. However, execution of the existing 
projects continued at a healthy pace. The company continues to be focused on profitability and 
healthy cash flow projects. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 18 
The Carried-forward order book of the Electro-Mechanical Projects business was at Rs.4,648 Cr 
as of December 31, 2023 as compared to Rs.3,685 Cr as at December 31, 2022. 
2. 
Commercial Air Conditioning Systems: 
The industrial, healthcare, education and retail sectors continue to fuel growth in addition to a 
significant increase in demand from Tier-3 and 4 cities. The company continues to make 
significant investment in R&D and upgrade its product portfolio. 
During this quarter, the company launched its new range of state-of-the-art indigenously 
manufactured Centrifugal Chillers. The first batch of chillers equipped with Variable Frequency 
Drives was delivered and commissioned for Tata Electronics for its manufacturing facility in 
Krishnagiri. 
We continue to be the market leaders in Ducted Air Conditioning Systems and Scroll Chillers 
and remain No. 2 in VRF and Screw Chillers Category. 
3. 
International Business: 
With our mission to expand our international footprint, apart from driving growth in the Middle 
East and Africa markets, we are in the process of developing, testing and getting approval for 
our commercial air conditioning products for Europe and North America markets. We are in the 
right direction and will continue to make investments in R&D and manufacturing in order to 
become a significant player offering high energy efficient and sustainable products for the 
international markets, both for heating as well as cooling. 
During the quarter, the company commissioned the Ashok M. Advani Innovation Center in 
Bhiwandi, which houses many first-of-its-kind testing facility for Indian and international 
product range, including VRFs. 
Segment-II: Unitary Products 
The revenue grew by healthy 35.5% to Rs.955 Cr in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs.705 Cr in Q3 
FY23. Segment results were at Rs.67.9 Cr which is 7.1% of revenue in Q3 FY24 as compared 
to Rs.51.8 Cr, which was 7.4% of revenue in Q3 FY23.  
1. 
Cooling and Purification Products business  
Aided by good festive season, we witnessed a strong growth in Room AC business. Even 
though summer season 2023 was a disappointing one, with the strong demand in Q2 and Q3, 
the revenue shortfall has been substantially made up.  
 
Stable raw material prices, exchange rates and introduction of new entry level products helped 
us to substantially maintain the margins in Q3.  
 
Our market share for Q3 FY24 is estimated at 13.75%. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 18 
2. 
Commercial Refrigeration Business: 
Driven by strong demand for deep freezers and modular cold rooms, our commercial 
refrigeration business witnessed significant growth. As in the case of room air conditioners, 
stable commodity prices and exchange rates help us maintain the margins. The Total Cost 
Management initiatives helped improve the margin profile. 
The new energy labelled deep freezers manufactured by the company, have secured high degree 
of preference in the market. A new manufacturing line for small capacity deep freezers ranging 
from 60 to 200 litres has been commissioned and the products are expected to be launched in 
the Q4 FY24. 
The growing investments in warehousing and logistics sector as well as the processed food 
segment is driving the growth for our modular cold rooms. We continued to maintain market 
leadership in Deep freezers, Storage Water Coolers and Modular Cold Rooms. 
Segment-III: Professional Electronics and Industrial Systems 
The revenue grew by 20.1% to Rs.103 Cr in Q3 FY24 as compared to Rs.86 Cr in Q3 FY23. 
The segment result was at Rs.15 Cr, which gives a margin of 14.7% in Q3 FY24 as compared 
to Rs.11 Cr, which was a 12.7% margin in Q3 FY23. 
The Non-Destructive Testing business continued to gain traction with significant orders received 
during the quarter. The Healthcare business is benefiting from the expansion of the country's 
healthcare infrastructure and the rise in private and public investments. With the data security 
solutions moving to Cloud, the demand continues to be muted. 
III. Business Outlook: 
We expect to deliver strong performance with the continued execution of healthy carried forward 
order book in the B2B business. Low penetration coupled with increased demand from Tier 3 
and 4 cities will continue to support growth in the products business.  
We shall continue to focus on strengthening our product portfolio and grow both locally and 
globally. While the conflict in the Middle East region and Red Sea is a matter of concern, we 
expect to end the financial year on a high note. 
With that, ladies and gentlemen, I'm done with the opening remarks. I would now like to pass it 
back to the moderator who will open the floor to questions. We'll try to answer as many questions 
as we can and to the extent, if we are unable to, we will get back to you via e-mail. With that, 
we are open for questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin with the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of 
Bhoomika Nair from DAM Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 18 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Sir, on this EMP, we've seen a very strong margin expansion driven by  focus on  profitability 
aspect of it. Do you think that these margins i.e.around 8% odd are now the new normal a and 
that's what we should look at going ahead? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Segment-I comprises of  mechanical projects as well as packaged air conditioning and related 
customer service operations. So, it may not be appropriate to infer the margin outlook  every 
quarter. The more appropriate guide would be the full year margins. In this particular quarter the 
packaged air conditioner segment, which is ducted systems and VRF performed well. It is based 
on the production and the orders that are being executed for that particular category. In some 
other quarter, we may have a relatively higher share of projects than the packaged air 
conditioning. So, quarter wise, maybe a difficult thing to arrive at, but our guidance for segment 
I is between 7% to 7.5% operating margin. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Coming to the Unitary Products segment, we've seen a very strong growth that has been ahead 
of the industry. If you can just talk about what the industry saw growth in the current quarter and 
how are you looking at the upcoming season and what are you hearing from the trade in terms 
of inventory stocking, etc.? Another question is related to that would be the margin profile. This 
quarter, there has been a little small blip in terms of margins. Anything to read towards that, and 
should we be trending towards that 8.5% margin that we had earlier guided for? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
First, I'll answer the margin, then go back to the other parts of your question. The margin for this 
financial year would be impacted due to the  summer washout.  Our guidance for the annualized 
margin would be 8% to 8.5% for Segment-II. In a year when the summer is not strong, the 
festival season tends to do well. People decided to postpone the purchases in summer and buy 
at an opportune moment later in the year.  As the industry tries to pick up post the lost summer, 
the prices tend to fall in the later part of the year due to the inventory buildup. We have seen that 
on number of occasions. The overall economy was good, the sentiments were good, it is good 
for the industry that after a major hit in the summer season, the demand picked up during these 
months. The demand continues to be good even today. I had mentioned long ago at the end of 
Q1 itself, whatever happens given the lower penetration in this Room Air Conditioner segment, 
the industry should witness at least 10% to 15% growth. Blue Star aims to do better than the 
market. Our target is to do 20%.  March will be a very significant month. This particular year is 
not an energy label change. We are witnessing another trend in the market which in the last 
conference call also we had said, that more than 50% of the sale is happening through consumer 
finance scheme which means there is an element of consumerism. Next thing is connected with 
the Tier 3, 4, and 5 markets. Even though monsoon was not all that great, we continue to witness 
good demand from Tier 3, 4, and 5 markets as well. The important element is, in the past, the 
dealers would not like to miss the summer season sale as they will end up stocking. They will 
be worried the companies will not be able to deliver certain models. There will be advanced 
bookings and they will go ahead and stock. I think that system has undergone a transformation. 
They are managing their working capital well. They are looking at the total domestic 
manufacturing capacity, and their stocking has become monthly based on the demand. And 
therefore if you ask me, are they beginning to stock for the summer? No. Are they hoping that 
the season will be good? Yes, that is because the festival season demand has been good, and the 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 18 
winter has not been strong in many parts of the country. So, they think that there will be good 
sales. So, they are optimistic about it.  
                                                We had discussed last year also that the peak selling season which used to be May-middle 
advanced to May 1st week and more like April is the peak for this particular category. And if 
the summer is going to set in very early, March could be the peak, In that case, April may not be 
the peak. On weather, nobody will be in a position to bet. But the overall outlook is that this 
category will continue to grow. There could be some summer season mishap or there could be 
some other elements like  elections are going to happen and so on and so forth. But I can share 
with you, the estimates show that India is the fastest growing market for air conditioning and 
refrigeration. For the Room Air Conditioner demand, market size is projected to be around 50 
million by 2040. It may cross 10 million this year. Then you can estimate what is in store for the 
industry in the future. 
Bhoomika Nair: 
Obviously, given the strong growth projection that is there, is there any easing of the competitive 
intensity between brands in terms of lower discounting and schemes, etc., being offered or dealer 
margins coming down? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The competition will be intense just because everyone would like to tap the growth opportunity 
and consolidate their position and improve their market share. That's how the consumer durables 
industry operates. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Pulkit Patni from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Patni: 
I will just extend what you said. One is that November, December obviously was much warmer 
than usual and the benefit we could see in your numbers. But on the contrary, it seems January 
is much colder than usual. Is that something you think that will have a bearing on Q4 in terms 
of demand? The second part of the same question is, you mentioned 50% of the sale happens 
through consumer financing and clearly all the consumer finance companies that have reported 
results, their commentary seems to suggest that they are pulling back in terms of lending to the 
sector in general. So, don't you think there is a reason for demand to be actually much more 
muted at least in the near term based on these two trends? Maybe just continuing this, how's the 
inventory in the channel? We understand that there's also been quite a lot of push of inventory 
into the channel in this quarter. If you could just comment on that as well? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We monitor weather across the country. And while it is true January is colder but only in some 
parts of the country. So, we expect the demand for January to be the same as last year. I don't 
think there is a de-growth in that particular segment. And the new models which are meant for 
the season will get launched from now on, many brands will be launched in January, February, 
March. In a consumer durable business, whenever there is a new launch, there is a customer pull. 
As on date we are not seeing any demand growth slowdown. Equally, I am aware of the fact that 
there are small appliances where there is stress, in FMCG.  If you ask me whether room air 
conditioners will catch up with that, that doesn’t seem to be the  case based on the market. The 
demand continues to be good. Whether it has the potential to slow down, well always, there is a 
potential for it to slow down.  

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 18 
                                                The second part, i.e. consumer finance is connected with the regulation of the RBI. As of now, 
they have not pulled back. If they are going to pull back, it will be a level playing field. It is not 
only meant for Blue Star. But equally I am seeing another fact that there is interest by many 
NBFCs to grow their market share in this consumer finance space. So, there is intense 
competition which will mean players like us will have to negotiate and get the best out of them 
whomsoever wants to participate. Now, the third part of it is connected with the inventory. There 
is always a push factor, if you are not pushing, somebody else is going to push. That’s how the 
sales teams operate in this sector. But the dealers have become smarter; dealers are managing 
their working capital exceedingly well. This is a big transformation. Unless and until there is an 
attractive discount for a limited period or someone will have to buy in order to be eligible for an 
incentive scheme. But overall, across the country the dealers have, or the distribution channels 
have learned to manage their working capital well. I am taking more time in the initial questions 
so that these fundamental factors are not repeated again and again. We now have multiple 
channels such as the modern retail, regional retail, e-commerce, distributors and a single outlet 
player. Significant share of sale is happening through the modern retail, regional retail, e-
commerce. So if you look at that, that part of it will be more than 50%. So, these players are 
very organized and professionally managed and tracking store-by-store what is the inventory 
level. So therefore, the industry pushing it and the demand not going to be there in the subsequent 
months is incorrect. It is more or less that will give an indication of whether the secondary 
movement is happening or not. So, therefore, summary is, as of now the industry is doing well, 
Blue Star is doing well. For summer, the outlook is good, and the penetration levels are lower, 
and we think that the demand will continue to be good. And even if it is not going to be, which 
I keep telling often, the long-term direction is this industry is in its golden phase. What happened 
in China is happening here. It is the fastest growing market. It will become the largest market by 
2050 in terms of market size. That’s where we are moving. And all other policy planning, 
whether it is energy, sustainability, e-waste, everything is built around this particular 
expectation. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Sharma from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Sharma: 
I have two questions. One was, as you said, the industry launches new models before the 
upcoming summer season, so, do you think we would be looking at any kind of price hikes to 
be taken with that or do you believe that given where RM prices are in the correction that we’ve 
seen or maybe because competition is really intense as well, there may not be any price hikes 
which could come through? Second, I was just trying to understand your market share gains a 
little better, clearly, we’ve outperformed the industry for quite some time consistently over the 
last couple of quarters. So, if you could help us with your region wise market share, where have 
you taken the most share, what have you done differently, that would be very helpful? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
I will answer market share part first. It is 13.75%. We continue to do well in South, West and 
East. In North, we have got the scope to improve. And we do not have yet the data on market 
wise or region wise what will be our share. All that I can tell you is, if the all India average is 
13.75%, it will be 200 basis points lower in the northern region. Now, we do have store wise 
information that is competitive which I will not be able to share. We know the outlet wise what 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 18 
is the size and what our share in that counter is. That data is available however I will not be able 
to share the same because it is a competitive information.  
                                                Now, the question on price increase, price is dependent on the competition I have a market share 
goal. I have an operating margin goal. I have to play around with this. Now, I foresee that the 
prices are remaining stable. It can drop if there is going to be demand slowdown like it has 
happened in small appliances or FMCG, some parts, it can happen, but it will be known on 
perhaps February second half onwards you will begin to see what is going to happen. The new 
models are being launched basically to fill the gaps where at a particular price point, at a 
particular margin, you are not able to compete with your key competitors. The truth is that more 
than 90% are first-time buyers and that are entry level products, are preferred by them. Three 
star continues to be the dominating product category. Five star is only around 25%. Now, there 
are clear emerging demands for heavy duty machines in markets such as Punjab, North India. 
And you do have products which are smaller in size like 1 ton. I am seeing a trend where the 
demand for 1ton model is expanding. That maybe because the second or third AC for a home, 
that purchase is beginning to happen. The pricing obviously is going to be based on these factors 
like do I have a heavy duty product, do I have a competing 1 ton product, do I have a product 
which I have fully localized? You’re seeing still in places like Sri City the factory is being 
inaugurated. People are localizing. All these will impact the cost and therefore the pricing and 
PLI scheme claims will have to be made and people will now keep an eye on the PLI, which 
means they have to show a growth over the previous year. This is the summary of it. As of now, 
the pricing seems to be stable. Y’u have to watch February-end, March what is going to happen. 
Margins are being improved by us by various things as Nikhil had explained. 
Ankur Sharma: 
Just a follow up on the market share. Actually, my question also was what’s driving our 
outperformance versus the industry, clearly, that was my bigger question? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We are continuing to deliver highly reliable products which are world-class while we have also 
entered the affordable segment. Even within affordable segment, I would like to believe that our 
products are superior in terms of quality and reliability and performance. Second factor is the 
Blue Star brand. And the third is the aftermarket investments that we are doing. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Ravi Swaminathan from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
My first question is with respect to the first segment, the project business. If you can throw some 
light on how the outlook is in terms of ordering for some of the sub-segments there like infra, 
industrial, commercial, real estate, etc., that will be great? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We are witnessing a slowdown in the Commercial buildings in terms of order finalization. And 
in infrastructure segment, we would expect the focus to be on the pace of execution. With the 
elections around the corner, many projects are being accelerated for execution, and therefore, 
one can expect new projects will wait for finalization till July or August. We take it as a good 
sign for the simple reason, the record order book, this is a comfort to predict what it will be. But 
at some point, of the time, I think this slowdown in inflow of Electro-Mechanical project orders 
is good for us. We can focus on execution, focus on tight working capital management, and then 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 18 
prepare for picking up the orders. I anticipate right now there is slowdown in one sector, I think 
a few other sectors also will slow down. What will keep growing is manufacturing and data 
centers, that investments will continue to happen. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
Do you see some large ticket orders in the pipeline, sir across any of these sectors, so which can 
change the inflow say in FY25 or ‘26? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
There are many tenders that are there like Chennai Metro and all that. But I’m not very sure that 
a number of them will get finalized before June or July. 
Ravi Swaminathan: 
How do you think about the competitive landscape here compared to say 10 years back or 
something of that thought especially in large orders, do you see that stable or probably ease a 
bit? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It’s a mad competition. There are always players who will offer lower prices and much attractive 
terms. There are many players. It’s not that it’s a comfortable competitive landscape. These are 
tenders, you have to compete, and you have to be the lowest.  Only in private sector 
manufacturing or data center, somebody is going to be providing a premium, if you can 
demonstrate that you deserve that. Otherwise it’s the intense competition. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhishek Shah from Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Abhishek Shah: 
So, a couple of quick questions. One was on the order book. You mentioned that we have a 
6,000-odd Cr order book currently. So, what is the expected timeline for execution? And 
secondly, what would be the current utilization? And any CAPEX plan you have going forward? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The execution you can take it as around 24 months, specifically the Electro-Mechanical projects 
one. This order book will include the Unitary Products also. But, predominantly, close to around 
Rs 4,500 Cr of orders should take around 24 months of execution time. On the other part, Nikhil 
will answer. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
So coming to capital spend, see, we will be continuing to invest as we have said, when we raised 
the QIP also. The spends will be going towards manufacturing, R&D, digitalization. So, all of 
these investments are on track , and as we grow these investments will also be happening on a 
continuous basis. Current year, we expect the spend is in the region of around Rs.350 Cr as of 
now in the nine months. And one good part is that all our manufacturing investments are 
modular, which means that as we see the demand go up, we can kind of continue investing in 
that capital expenditure. Same way, the product development is going to be the focus area and 
we will invest in  product diversification and develop products  both for international geography 
as well as for the domestic markets over here,  We will also be investing in  digitalization. So 
CAPEX is a given. You can take an annual CAPEX in the region of around anywhere between 
Rs.250 to 300 Cr going up to Rs.350 Cr at times. But that kind of capital expenditure will happen 
in the company now at least over next two to three years. 
Abhishek Shah: 
On your current utilization? 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
Utilization of the QIP? 
Abhishek Shah: 
No, just in terms of your current capacity, what levels you have and how much? 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
In terms of manufacturing capacity?, I will say that probably we should be running at around 
80% at least in Sri City  and in HP we  will be running at almost full capacity because of the 
demand. So, the capacities are running full because the demand that you are seeing and revenue 
growth into which it is getting translated is all result of that. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
To further substantiate the Room Air Conditioners part, this year, we want to close with 1 million 
units and around 600,000 will be coming from Himachal, and some 3,50,000 to 4,00,000 we 
should produce, I'm not talking about the sale, because you may be producing for the subsequent 
month as well. So, what Nikhil mentioned as modular is this supposed to be growing at 3-3-3 in 
four phases. Himachal is at its full capacity. More than 600,000 it cannot produce. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
My first question is on the Commercial Refrigeration side. So, while we have done our channel 
check, we found out the present counter for your refrigeration product was sold out. So, just 
want to understand what's the current capacity there, how are we ramping up the capacity, and 
when can we expect better rollout or faster rollout in terms of the Commercial Refrigeration 
product? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
First of all, the Commercial Refrigeration products are not sold through channels in large 
quantities. They are meant for very niche residential purchases. The products we distribute 
through the distribution channel are bottled water dispensers and deep freezers of smaller 
capacity. There are other commercial refrigeration offerings such as modular cold rooms, deep 
freezers of all capacities starting from 60 litres to 500 litres capacity.  Majority of the deep 
freezers gets sold through the OEMs, such as Amul or Mother Dairy or Arun Ice Cream.. The 
smaller capacity deep freezers 60 litres to 200 litres that earlier was not manufactured by Blue 
Star,  was getting sourced and sold in the market. There is a non-tariff barrier called QCO, and 
that import, and selling has been now banned. Anticipating this, we had gone ahead and set up 
another line for that in our Wada deep freezer facility. The trial productions and the field trials 
are going on now. So we will be in a position to deliver locally manufactured 60 litres to 200 
litres deep freezers from April onwards. Therefore, sales through distribution channels is not a 
significant part of our Commercial Refrigeration business. It is in the showrooms for some 
residential customers who may want to pick up for storing meat, etc., But a 60 litre freezer 
capacity, many refrigerators also offer. There are refrigerators with even 100, 150 litre freezer 
capacity if they want to have. Now, our priority obviously will be the OEMs who are buying 
thousands of numbers. This is the background behind your channel check. 
Natasha Jain: 
My second and last question is regarding the EMPS order book. So since many quarters now, 
we've been sighting that moving away from the Commercial Building segment because there 
we've seen maximum delays. So, when can we expect this segment to be hive it off completely 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 18 
or we'll still have exposure there? And going forward, what are the segments which will drive 
our order book? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
So there is absolutely no plan to hive it off, it is operating as a wholly owned subsidiary with its 
own board and a specific focus. We know it is a niche business, and it is critically important for 
Blue Star for the simple reason, first thing is, we have built capability in certain specific areas 
like industrial testing or data security or medical electronics in diagnostics space. Second, it is a 
business with no capital employed there. It is a very limited capital employed and it generates a 
lot of cash. Sentimentally, it is important for us, this business has been with us for more than six 
decades and it has always made money and the talent that we have built over the years is very 
remarkable, and many multinationals who are there in the country today, came through that 
business, whether it is Honeywell, Johnson & Johnson, HP, all those people were represented 
by this business in India. Then where the market was larger, they went ahead, our own 
professionals have gone there. So, we maintain the relationship with those companies as well. 
So, this business will continue to grow, and I think the thrust area is connected with the medical 
diagnostics. That is the area which will drive the growth. Second area is an emerging segment 
which is warehousing automation. We have some unique skills there and that is connected with 
the electronics and digital and we expect that also to drive. So, these are the two areas we will 
look at it going forward in a significant way. 
Natasha Jain: 
Just one question to Nikhil, sir. So can you just explain the proportion of unallocated portion in 
the segment capital employed, because that seems to be very high for the past three quarters, so, 
where exactly is this going into? 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
With the QIP funds coming in, some amount of investments both in mutual funds and fixed 
deposits have gone up. So, that is definitely going to be there.  that's one area I think which you 
have to keep in mind which will cause the capital employed to go up. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from Swati Jhunjhunwala from BOB Capital. Please go ahead. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
My first question is in the UCP segment. Is the entire source volume-led or is there a price 
deviation as well? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Can you repeat the question? 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Entire growth of 35% that we've reported, is it entirely volume-led? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
That's right, of all the products there including refrigeration products. 
Swati Jhunjhunwala: 
Secondly, in anticipation of the strong summer, do we expect capacity to be a constraint given 
that we're already running at 80, 90 sort of capacity utilization? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
No, it is not a concern at all. We have full capacity to take care of the next year’s demand. It's 
relatively a simple manufacturing estimate in that product category, right? So, all models are 
known and what numbers will come, it is modular in nature, and one more thing that we do not 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 18 
manufacture window air conditioners rather we source. So, everything is intact for next financial 
year. Even the subsequent financial year, we know what capacity is needed and Sri City, as I 
mentioned is modular, it will expand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Anupam Gupta from IIFL Securities. Please go ahead. 
Anupam Gupta: 
Firstly, is on the RAC and the Commercial Refrigeration business. For the next, let's say, two, 
three years, what sort of product gaps do you still see and where you will invest incrementally 
for the domestic market? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
In terms of manufacturing? 
Anupam Gupta: 
Yes, in terms of the product portfolio, as you have expanded your portfolio, you have covered a 
lot of gaps already, but incrementally? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
In room air conditioners, the energy label change will be due in January 2025. So therefore, the 
positioning of the products will completely change. There are two, three things which drive the 
product portfolio change; one is the regulatory which is connected with the energy labeling; and 
the second thing is that, when you have intense competition, you need to keep on innovating. 
And you will begin to see what we had launched six years, seven years ago, which did not have 
demand, all that will start coming back at this point of time, the time is right like a WiFi enabled 
air conditioners, that market size will significantly grow. The third is connected with component 
ecosystem. When component is locally made and available, you have to redesign the product 
because that manufacturer may be offering different types and in different specification you have 
to optimize the machine. As Nikhil mentioned, the R&D investments are very important to be 
there in the market and to be competitive. And in deep freezers, as I mentioned to you, many 
capacities and the curved glass top, these were all earlier not a significant market. Today, it will 
become very significant. Water coolers are becoming a very large market in India. So, you have 
enough and more to be done in terms of product portfolio, it's a dynamic thing. 
Anupam Gupta: 
In your opening remarks, there was a comment on the product exports which you're doing right 
now to Middle East. But let's say if we look at all the medium term for five, six years when 
you're able to break into the larger market, how large do you think your exports can be for the 
commercial air conditioning side of business? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
First of all, in international geographies like US and Europe we are not going to be selling in our 
brand, we are going to design and  make  for others, that's what we are attempting to do. And for 
these markets, the products are to be designed for that country's regulation, energy efficiency or 
safety or refrigerants. So, we are currently in the process of developing the products, prototyping 
and getting the approval and acceptance. has All these have to fall in place with the launch of 
the customer for whom we are going to be making. Now, if you ask me what is our aspiration, 
it is to do in a three-year timeframe; we want to do USD 500 million of business in the 
international market. But it is only a beginning, we have a long way to go. I think when we have 
clarity, let's say we have secured a significant base there, we will be able to tell how the trajectory 
is going to be. The market is large, opportunities are huge, but we are just at the beginning. 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 18 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shrinidhi from HSBC. Please go ahead. 
Shrinidhi: 
A couple of questions from my end. Sir, have you seen Room AC industry getting consolidated 
in top five players through calendar year 2023? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
I think it is already, my view. Compared with many other categories, if you take the top six 
players, they have close to 70% market share whether there will be only these players in future 
could be a question. We have seen in these categories in India specifically, many hang around 
with 4% -5% market share also. And we may even see private labels coming up at some point 
of time. It is the fastest growing market. It has the potential to become the largest market in the 
world. In 2040, 50 million seems to be possible. In that event, it is going to be many players. 
Shrinidhi: 
Just on this, I wanted some color on the margin divergence versus traditional generated channel 
versus the future channel wherein you include multiformat retailer, regional retailer and e-
commerce. So, would it be possible to give some color on the margin divergence at the EBIT 
level? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
I think everything is converging for the simple reason, see, we used to think e-commerce is the 
most price-conscious market and you have to be highly competitive; it will have therefore lower 
price realization. So, e-commerce and modern trade is not much different at all. Now, thanks to 
the e-commerce, what price you are selling is known to every retailer across the country, every 
customer across the country. So, I am not seeing one channel giving you more profit than other 
channel. What you may have to look at is, how efficiently you are servicing that channel so that 
your operating margin is higher. Not the gross margin per se. Let us say, a modern retail who is 
buying 100,000 units from you which you are able to take care of and service him efficiently 
with the team of two people versus that 100,000 comes from 4,000 outlets and you need battalion 
of people. So, therefore in terms of price realization, there is a convergence because everything 
is known to everybody today. And most importantly, in the retail outlets, the people who are 
there as in-shop demonstrators are company deployed people. So, these brands will come to 
know what price the other fellow is selling in some other thing. So, there is a complete 
information network that is available in every market. 
Shrinidhi: 
According to your assessment, how much percentage of AC demand would be coming from the 
first time buyer? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
My estimate is 90%. See, 50% is consumer finance which are first-time buyer definitely. The 
thing is that there is no authentic data. Perhaps the industry can come together and do, I do not 
know. But in a dipstick study, it is very clear; 9 out of 10 buyers are first-time buyers, and it is 
reflected in the entry level products selling more. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from Aniruddha Joshi from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
We had indicated a plan to reach 10,000 outlets for UCP segment. Now, we are at the end of 
January 2024. So, can you indicate the progress done so far, and also the plan if you want to 
indicate for FY25? Second question is EMP segment did extremely well. If we look at the history 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 18 
in FY06 to FY09 period, but post that, almost six to seven years, FY09 to FY15, we had reported 
low single digits. So, do you see similar structure building now that we are nearing the top and 
in one or two segments you also highlighted proactively that there might be some slowdown in 
order closures. So need your expert views on what happened in that period and how different we 
are in the current ongoing cycle? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Can you repeat your first question? 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
So the outlet reach we had indicated? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The second question is connected with the slowdown. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
Second question is on EMP segment. 
B. Thiagarajan: 
I think it is irrelevant in how many channels you are there. I had explained in a number of calls 
or in one-on-one meetings. It was an old terminology, how many outlets we are present, how 
many outlets you are going to expand, and the companies also keep telling the figure, our own 
sales guys also keep telling the figure. According to me, it is completely irrelevant. You have to 
look at what is the potential of a counter, in that counter what is your market share and how you 
will maximize, and number of counters are becoming increasingly irrelevant. so that's the first 
part. Second part is the consolidation of modern and the regional retail, it is a big phenomenon, 
you will watch as India grows, more than 70% of the market will be controlled by these players, 
like a Vasanth & Company in South, Satya or Croma or Jio or Vijay Sales, they are very big 
players. So, this consolidation when you do, the number of outlets you need not worry at all 
because they know how many outlets they are going to expand and how they will reach.  That is 
the second reason why I'm saying, number of outlets are irrelevant. Now, the distributors So, a 
distributor is a sales point to you. A distributor will have 300, 400 kind of places to sell. Now, 
how this counting around to be saying, that in our own internal review, if somebody is telling 
me 15,000 outlets, I do not pay attention at all, this is my philosophy. Now, if you earn 10,000, 
that would have been already achieved, it depends on how many sub-dealers you had and how 
many counters he had. So, my request is you should not pay attention to this at all about number 
of outlets in future. Now, one more thing that is going to happen is the ONDC which is going to 
come. You watch in about 18 months’ time, everybody can sell through ONDC and it will be 
served, that is going to change the phase of distribution itself. Now you may be aware of another 
model. Another model is that sub-dealer outlets which the distributors were managing, big 
players are trying to serve them like for example, Jio will be able to serve a sub-dealer in 
Varanasi, for example. He has to punch an order; no distributor need to stock and deliver to him. 
So this part I'm not worried at all. We will be already in 10,000, it may become 12,000, these 
are all irrelevant. And within that particular one, what is my share that is how we have to measure 
and move forward, that's what we do.  
                                                EMP segment, yes, the slowdown signals are there in some segments other than factories and 
data centers. And we feel it is good basically because we can focus on execution and we can 
push up whatever we can do because carried-forward order book record has no meaning, it has 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 18 
to convert into revenue and receivables have to be realised There is no point in sitting on an 
advance or no point in sitting on inventory or work-in progress. 
Moderator: 
We take the next question from the line of Dhananjai Bagrodia from ASK. Please go ahead. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
Now with this new policy coming around for solar generation, which would require households 
to, let's say, solar rooftop, the greatest impact on that would be actually coming from consumer 
durable players like ACs which would be specially players like Blue Star. I just want to 
understand we've always positioned ourselves as a mass premium brand. Would we ever look at 
maybe in certain select pockets look at the volume game and maybe reduce our prices and go 
completely mass because in those places they'll always look at operation cost and running cost 
vis-à-vis brand as such. Is that something we would look at? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Very clearly, we want to grow. We have stated our first step is to get to market share of 15% by 
FY25 and we are at 13.75%, we have a huge hill to climb, and we also have intense competition 
happening. Now, every opportunity is welcome, and we keep looking at how to make the air 
conditioner more and more affordable. So the answer is yes, we will look at every opportunity. 
Dhananjai Bagrodia: 
The growth in those numbers could be even higher than what we estimate. So as long as we're 
willing to reduce prices, then we'll definitely get our market share objectives which what we 
think of. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Lokesh Manik from Vallum Capital. Please go ahead. 
Lokesh Manik: 
Just a couple on the bookkeeping side. In the EMP segment if you can just share the breakup 
between exports and domestic in your order book? And in the UCP side, the breakup between 
RAC and non-RAC for this quarter and YoY, that would be great? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
So the second part is a selective disclosure. It becomes difficult for us to say how much is 
Refrigeration and how much is Room Air Conditioners. Now, on the first part, the export is 
negligible. We don't focus in Electro-Mechanical projects for the export markets at all for the 
projects part of it. In terms of products, as I told you, these are all some trial orders and small 
orders and whatever we export to the Middle East region. So, therefore you can imagine the 
pending order book is largely domestic. 
Lokesh Manik: 
On the trend that you mentioned, where you will see consolidation in the retail segment more 
towards the modern retail front, would this reduce your bargaining power and would it have an 
impact on your margins, you would have a higher bargaining power with standalone outlets 
versus modern retail? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
The question is you have to compete. The options are plenty. The market is growing, and every 
player would like to. All that I can tell you is that we are very happy that it is the golden period 
for this particular category, both B2C as well as B2B and both Air Conditioning as well as the 
Refrigeration. The second is, we are also happy that there are capable competitors who are 
multinationals. So, therefore they are going to be producing products which are superior, and it 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 18 
is better to compete with them rather than those old days of assembly, cheap products, etc., then 
you will not be able to compete with them at all. It is possible for us to compete with the 
multinationals. The third is that there is a country specific regulation, let's say, energy efficiency, 
for our ambient conditions, the seasonal energy efficiency ratio. It is not somebody who can 
suddenly bring a product from abroad and launch it. They have to redesign the product that 
makes it a level playing field. And the imports are now you can say it is highly regulated, 
therefore, the supply chain related competition is healthy. Consumer finance, it is a level playing 
field. So you have to compete, but you are competing in a very healthy environment, therefore 
we are happy about that.  
Lokesh Manik: 
My question is actually between general trade and modern retail. So how would your bargaining 
power go? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
All are having equal bargaining power. The question is that in the modern trade, all the big 
brands are going to maximize their share and he has got the power to be ordering 10,000 units 
or 20,000 units, he is going to be asking you for a particular deal which you have to compete 
and offer. In a small retail, he has got a share. I told you, counter wise we have to look at how 
my share will be maximum. He has got his own bargaining power. But if your question is 
intended to about which is more profitable, I'm telling you all are having same price realization 
today because everybody knows at what price you are delivering to somebody else. The 
difference could be what is your operating margin because your cost of servicing a particular 
channel may be lower per unit when it is modern retail. The simple answer is if I have to compete 
with a player-A, it is one and the same whether it is here or there. Bargaining power is one and 
the same. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of IS Rana from Sundaram. Please go ahead. 
IS Rana: 
My question is around the Blue Star's position in the cold room market segment and what are 
the strategies employed to enhance the presence in the market? And also, what is the approach 
dealing with unorganized sectors in the cold room, unitary and commercial segment, particularly 
in terms of maintaining comparative margins, so if you could elaborate on this? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
We are perhaps the only player who has got the end-to-end solution, in the sense, there is a 
cooling unit in outdoor, there is a cooling unit for inside the cold room, and there are panels that 
are required for constructing a cold room. So, we call that business within Blue Star as modular 
cold room business. We are the player who supply everything together. So, in unorganized case 
what happens is, he buys panel from somebody, outdoor unit from somebody, indoor unit from 
somebody controls from somebody. So, the Blue Star value proposition is I give you everything 
together on a turnkey basis. Our dealers are trying to install it. 
IS Rana: 
What is the focus going forward, are you going to increase your investments in this cold room 
segment given the demand and requirement in the country is going up? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It will be a very huge market in the coming years driven by basically the retail driven by food 
processing, driven by consumption of processed foods, driven by pharma and healthcare. Now, 

 
Blue Star Limited 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 18 
our next step there is highly energy efficient inverter-based system. Because they all work 24/7 
and energy guzzlers. So, we will be one of the players having highest energy efficiency. That is 
the way we are moving forward. 
IS Rana: 
With regards to the demand for deep freezers and modular cold rooms, how is it going and what 
is your focus going forward? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
It is at least 25% CAGR. 
IS Rana: 
For both, right, I mean, deep freezers and modular? 
B. Thiagarajan: 
Yes, there again when the market grows, competition will come. Today, you see the number of 
players being lower. When the market grows, there will be many more people coming in there 
also. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question. I now hand the conference over to Mr. 
Nikhil Sohoni for closing comments. 
Nikhil Sohoni: 
So, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. With this, we will conclude the quarter earning 
call. Do feel free to revert to us in case any of your questions were not fully answered or if we 
are not able to take your question, we'll be happy to provide you with the additional details by 
e-mail or in-person. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Blue Star Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You 
may now disconnect your lines. 
 
 
Disclaimer: This is a transcript and may contain transcription errors. The Company or the sender takes no responsibility for 
such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure high level of accuracy. 
