February 08, 2024
The Manager
Listing Department
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai,
Maharashtra - 400001
Scrip Code: 500238
The Manager
Listing Department
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East,
Mumbai, Maharashtra – 400051
Symbol: WHIRLPOOL
Dear Sir/Madam,
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call
This is further to our intimation letter dated 26th January, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy 
of the transcript of the Earnings Conference Call of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended 31st December, 2023 held on 02nd February, 2024.
The same will also be uploaded on the Company’s website at www.whirlpoolindia.com.
Yours faithfully,
For Whirlpool of India Limited
Roopali Singh
VP-Legal and Company Secretary
Plot No. 40, Sector 44,
Gurugram, Haryana
Encl: as above
ROOPAL
I SINGH
Digitally signed by 
ROOPALI SINGH 
Date: 2024.02.08 
20:54:06 +05'30'

Conference Title: Earnings Conference Call with Whirlpool
Date:
Friday, 2nd February 2024
Roopali Singh:
Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. I'm Roopali Singh, the
company secretary of the company. I welcome you all to the earnings call of
Whirlpool of India Limited. We have with us today, Mr. Narasimhan Eswar, the
managing director of the company, Mr. Aditya Jain, the Chief Financial Officer. Today
during the call, we will begin with the presentation on the business and financial
results followed by the Q&A session. Please note that the cautionary statement right
now on the link, please take note of the content. With that, I would now hand it over
to Mr. Eswar.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you. Thank you, Roopali. I'm Narasimhan Eswar,
managing director for Whirlpool of India, and I'm here with my colleague, Mr. Aditya
Jain, the CFO. I will walk you all through the business overview and the strategic
competitors and then request Aditya to come in on the financial performance then
I'll come back to close. And after that, we're open for questions. So before I begin,
thank you all for making the call. We really appreciate it. Let me just get onto the
business overview now.
The first thing I'd like to start off with is by talking about India and it's being a huge
strategic focus for Whirlpool. Why is that? A couple of reasons. One is the
opportunity
that
India
itself
affords
as
a
marketplace.
The
value
creation
opportunity in India is basically coming through three things. Firstly, the fact that the
market GDP growth is expected to be between six and 7% going forward across
span of time. This will lead for sure to a very strong growth affluence in
demographic, which we all know about.
And so that middle class growing and becoming more premium, more up market is
something that we all expect. But more important than that is the opportunity we
have for the penetration growth in appliances. So if you see, for example,
refrigerators
are
typically
in
about
one in three homes in India, there or
thereabouts, washing machines are in less than one in five homes, and the rest of
the appliances are in less than one in 10 homes typically. So there is a significant
growth opportunity for consumer durables in India.
If you look at Whirlpool, India itself, Whirlpool India has got a track record of value
creation for its investors as well as for the market. We played a pioneering role in
the Indian durables industry, and Whirlpool has been associated with several
industries first. I'm not going to go into the details of it now, one of my future slides

will cover it. The other important thing is Whirlpool is a very well-known brand in
this country. It's a very well-known brand and it's also very well known for its quality.
And the good thing about our business is that we are quite strong across the entire
country. So it's not one region or a couple of regions we're strong in. We are very
strong throughout the northeast, west, south of India. Also across economics strata.
As we started off, we started off with the DC business, the direct cool refrigerator,
the single door refrigerator business, and we were strong there and we continue to
be strong there, as well as in semi-automatic washing machines. But we've since
then across the years and decades, progressed into other areas as well. The
premium areas like frost free refrigerators, top loaded washing machines, and now
we've recently made an entry into front load washing machines as well, making in
India from 2022 second half.
Then the product portfolio that we have. So we got a diverse product portfolio
across multiple categories including refrigerators, washers, cooking, and so on and
so forth. The more important thing is we look at continued innovation in premium
product segments coming through across all these different categories, and this is
backed by a strong manufacturing footprint. Now, what do I mean by that? We've
got
a
factory
in
Faridabad
that
basically
makes
refrigerators
and
makes
semi-automatic washing machines. We've got a factory in Pune that makes frost free
refrigerators and direct-cool refrigerators. And we've got a factory in the south of
India in Puducherry, which makes washing machines.
Layer this on top of the fact that we have a powerful Pan-India sales distribution and
service network. Now, why do I call it powerful? One is the reach and depth of it. The
number of billing points that we have in terms of sales, the number of service
partners we have across the country, and the number of towns we have. More than
that, also the tremendous relationships we have, which have been built over
decades and kept over decades with the customers. So we've got a very strong
network that is not just based on the amount of sales points that we do, but also the
relationship that we have with customers. In our best years, we've also had good
investments, strong investments in building retail demand generation. So these are
the things that have actually added and created value over the years for Whirlpool.
Let me now shift gears and talk to you about the business performance over the last
15 years. First, I'll talk to you about the years up to the current fiscal year, and then
in the next slide I'll cover the current fiscal year. So if you look between 2008, 2009
and 2019, 2020, we were growing at a revenue CAGR of 12% and the PBT CAGR of
20%, which is quite an attractive growth trajectory over the years. In the years of
2021 and 2021, 2022, we were hit by what I call the three Cs. The first C was COVID.

That really had a significant impact on many aspects of the business as you can
imagine.
The second one was increased competition. So as we all know, there were a lot of
new players who came in, existing players who started pumping in a lot of
investments. So competition also impacted us. And the third thing that affected us,
the commodity costs which went up post COVID. This is something that happened
across the industry. It also happened to us with the result that over those two years
we were flat. We did not grow any revenue at all.
In 2022, 2023, sorry, just to mention, these three things also contributed to the
profit margin. So we used to be at a PBT margin of about 11% for three years,
between 2017, 2018 and 2019, 2020. And that PBT margin went down to about 5%
in 2021, 2022. In the year 2022, 2023 on top of these things, something else
happened, and that was that there was a pricing uncompetitiveness that started
happening in the market as far as our brands were concerned across all our
categories. This was because of some pricing actions that we had taken.
And therefore, what happened as a result was that while at the beginning of the
year our revenue went up, throughout the year, the balance of the calendar year,
the revenues as well as the market shares took a beating as we went through 2022,
2023 with the result that we ended up growing revenues about 3%, but profitability
dropped to about 4% by 2022, 2203, and we were losing market share quite strongly
by then.
Now let's talk about 2023, 2024, the year that we're still in. So I just, there's a bit of a
complex chart, so I request you to just stay with me for a second. So if you look at
the left of the chart, this talks about the half one 2023, 2024. This is basically April to
September. In the first six months of this fiscal year, April to September, our
revenues were declining by 4.3% and our PBT was declining by about 28.8%. That's
at the bottom right, basically.
Now, what actually happened? What happened was that two fundamental things
came in and affected these numbers. The first was that between the period of Jan to
April, we adjusted the pricing in the market. We adjusted the pricing from our side
to basically make sure that we were back to our pricing indices that make sure we
are competitive in the marketplace. So when you take that pricing decision, what
happens is it hits your revenue and it also hits your profits. So that was the first
thing.

The second thing is on refrigerators, which is a significant proportion of our
business. There was a significant regulatory change from an energy standpoint and
capacity standpoint that happened, and we had to re-engineer quite a bit to
basically drive that. And that regulatory cost upcharge as well came into this fiscal
year. So these were the reasons why the revenue declined by 4.3% in the first half of
the year, and the profits declined by 28.8% in the first half of the year. In the
October to December quarter, we've actually had a pretty decent growth. So our
revenues grown by about 19.2% on a standalone basis. I just want to clarify this is
standalone, not including Elica. This is the Whirlpool based brand business.
Revenues have grown by 19.2% and our profits have grown by 34.6% albeit the
profits growth being on a small base.
Now, what has actually happened is the following; I'll walk you through the details
now. So firstly, the pricing as I told you, January to April, we changed the pricing and
that pricing impact started helping us after April, May, basically. So that helped
because we got the pricing back to indices that were healthy for us to compete in
the marketplace. The second thing is that we had changed all of the refrigerators.
We had upgraded a lot of our refrigerators basically, and the DC refrigerators, the
direct-cool refrigerators, got into the market around April or so. The frost free
refrigerators actually got in the market between April and June.
So by the third quarter, all these new products were very well established in the
market and very much available. The innovation was very much available. And as
you'll see later, we upgraded a lot of features in claims in these with new
technology, new claims and so on and so forth. We also had a lot of focus on
executional excellence that we started from around April or May. Just to give you
one small example of that, was basically looking at retail executives.
So we employed a significantly larger number of retail executives than before. And
we were consistently monitoring the return on investment of these retail executives.
And based on that, we were able to generate some clear revenue growth as well.
There is only one example. There's been a lot of focus on execution excellence,
whether it's driving higher margin products, whether it's driving display compliance
as well as driving sales fundamentals, billing points, and so on and so forth that we
focused on throughout, starting from about April, May.
On top of this, there were two other things that helped us basically deliver on profit
and on volumes. One thing that helped us on volumes was basically the festival
seasonality. So this year, Diwali was on November 12th and last year's Diwali was on
October 27th, if I remember. 24th, okay. So basically there was a three week

difference and therefore, the volume help you get during seasonality is split up into
September, October for last year and October, November for this year.
So remember all these factors. We've had some reasonably good growths basically
on revenue this year. And not to mention very significant effort that we basically put
on cost productivity which I'll talk about later, it's a program that we do called P4G,
Productivity for Growth. And that program is coming through very strongly. It is
faring quite well.
And therefore, the nine months to fiscal year 2023, 2024, we're looking at a revenue
growth of about 1.6%. It's almost a tale of two halves in a way, which is what we've
called out. Now, as far as the full year is concerned, we expect full year revenue
growth to benefit from the positive momentum that we see in H2. And we expect
the full year revenue growth to track moderately better than the cumulative growth
delivered in the first nine months. And in terms of profit improvement in the short
to medium term, we expect that to be driven by revenue growth, especially in the
premium segments which we're focusing on. And also our continued P4G program,
which really delivers cost takeout actions across all lines of the P&L.
Moving on to the cooking part of our business with the Elica India business, we
increase our ownership in Elica India from 49% to 87% in 2021. The Elica brand has
got very strong capabilities and local manufacturing local innovation. So I think Elica
is really another name for innovation in this market and cooking. Strong distribution
presents, and a strong brand awareness. We are also working to establish Whirlpool
as a mass premium cooking brand in the same segment so that we have two brands
playing in the cooking space.
If you look at our business results on the revenue, we've had double digit CAGR if
you look at the last two years and nine months with strong margins. We were
growing at a revenue of 21, 22% in the last two years. The nine months to 2023,
2024, our revenue growth is coming to about 7%, excuse me, while we hold a very
strong profit before taxes on percentage of revenue.
Now, this revenue growth of 7% has been impacted by a couple of things because
obviously 21 is going to seven, obviously there's a question around what's going on.
Well, firstly, the market has been a little softer, I think this year totally for durables
and definitely for cooking as well. And the second thing that has also happened,
there's been a significant amount of competition that has come in influencing the
marketplace.

Our strategy on Elica has been to make sure that we have a very strong profit
structure because that is what will drive our business in the long term. And we
continue to do that and we will use other strategies like premiumization, which I'll
talk about a second, to basically drive our revenue growth going forward. So we
expect to have decent revenue growth and hold our profit structure on Elica as we
go forward.
I'll move on to the strategic competitors that I want to talk about, but before I do
that, very quickly, a message from our executive vice president, the chief financial
officer of the company who's also the president of Asia, Whirlpool Mr. Jim Peters. I
read this out to you, says, Whirlpool's commitment to India. We truly believe in the
long-term trajectory of India. It is one of the strongest growth opportunities for the
company. Whirlpool of India's long-term outlook for growth in margins are both in
the high single digits making India very attractive to operate in. So India is a very
important market for Whirlpool and I'm hoping the subsequent slides are going to
show that to you.
What are our strategic imperatives? Basically there are five, first inspire with our
brands, then win with product leadership. Third is to build a competitive and
resilient supply chain. The fourth is excellence in execution. And lastly, grow our
consumer direct business. I take them one by one. Inspiring with our brands. If you
go back and see our history of when we had our most successful years, the analysis
showed
us
that
whenever we did some heartbreaking work in introducing
something new to the world, something interesting, those were years in which we
had phenomenal success.
Just for example, Whirlpool is one that introduced pedestals into the Indian DC
market, and today pedestals from a significant proportion of the industry, not just
Whirlpool. Whirlpool was the first to introduce auto defrost into the DC machines,
providing a product that would straddle between DC and frost free in terms of the
benefit that was given. Whirlpool was also one of the earlier pioneers in colors and
finishes what we call CFM in industry. Not only that, if you go frost free, we were the
first to bring in the three doors with a prod outreach. We were the first to introduce
dark interiors with the Platina edge that we offer on some of our models. We also
are the first to introduce heaters into the top load washing machine area. So all of
these initiatives that were done in the past are based on very, very solid consumer
insight done by consumer generation. And all of these not only established our
position as one of the leaders, but also inspired trust in our brands.
And just to move on to what we are doing in 2024, I will talk to you in the product
leadership segment about product initiatives that we're doing, which are going to

really inspire as well. But very specifically, there is something very interesting that I
want to share with you about what we're doing from Jan 2024 onwards. From 2024
Jan, we are going to be offering a four year comprehensive warranty on all the
semi-automatic washers that we manufacture.
The genesis to this was basically that we wanted to find a way to grow a share in
semi-automatic, but at the same time grow the semi-automatic market as well. As
we looked into the details, we asked ourselves, what is our point of difference? What
is that we can hold onto? And the answer was simple. We make a semi-automatic
washers, we have strong, strong faith and belief based on data and based on
performance and the quality of our machines. And that is what has prompted us to
offer.
Typically, the market is in about two years on semi-automatic washers from Jan
2024. And by the way, we had tried this out in around October 2023 on some of our
more premium ranges, and that worked very well. So we rolled this out in 2024
January onwards to our entire range of semi-automatic washers. So this is now
going to be a two plus two four years comprehensive warranty, which we believe is
something that will definitely inspire trust and hopefully drive market shares as well
as category penetration.
But just move on to product leadership, which is the second strategic imperative.
Our product innovation is focused on winning in premium segments. To be honest,
between the period of say 2019 and 2022 we did have a bit of a challenge as I
explained last time in the AGM speech that I made that we could not premiumize
our portfolio as well as we would've wanted to do for a variety of reasons. But
starting 2022, we've initiated significant plans for premiumization of the portfolio.
And just a few examples that I'd like to put in front of you. On single door
refrigerator, what I want to also highlight is that we have not chosen one or two
categories to say, we'll, premiumize, we are premiumizing across every category that
we play.
So if you take DC or direct-cool single door refrigerators, we have introduced the
five star rating, which is a premium line, we've reintroduced in quarter two, 2023
after two years of not being in the market, okay? But we're also very, very, very
proud to basically get from the Honorable President of India, Shrimati, Droupadi
Murmu, the Appliance of the Year for the refrigerator category at the National
Energy Conservation Awards in December, 2023. And this was a moment of great
pride for us. It showed the quality of the products. This was for our 215 liter DC
product, the 215F model. And I think this also goes to show the quality of the
products that we basically make. So that was in direct-cool refrigerators.

If I then move on to fully automatic washers, we've got inbuilt washers on most of
our fully automatic premium range. But starting January, 2024, even in the premium
entry range, we've upgraded the business to soft close. The idea being, to provide
more benefits to the consumer who is buying premium products. If I then move on
to the front load fully automatic washers, we have started making these in India
from 2022. It's been in the market mostly from 2023.
And what's great about these products is they are not only excellent in washing
performance, as you would expect from a totally automatic washer from a great
company, but they also have this path breaking ozone refresh technology. Now,
what this does is for all your expensive clothes, which you maybe go for a wedding
or you go for a party, wear it for a couple of hours, say it's silk or it's a suit or
something, you can't really wash it, you got to send it for dry cleaning. But with
ozone refresh technology, you can actually use the ozone refresh button and we
have an ozonizer in our machine, and the advantage of this is that it refreshes your
clothes and removes all the odor from it without water or detergent. So this is an
added feature that we give on our fully automatic washers on top of the benefits
that we already serve.
If you then move to frost free, I'm very happy to announce that from mid-2023
onwards, we've been able to put in the 265 to 360 liter business, which makes up
the bulk of the market in frost free. We have introduced the fastest convertibility, so
it converts from freezer to refrigerator in just 23 minutes. We also have a 10 in one
convertible mode. So both of these facilities are available in all our models from 265
to 360 liters, and it also gives you a two times longer vitamin preservation for all the
food that you store. So these are cutting edge claims that we've been able to put in
the market from mid-2023 onwards, and we hope to reap the benefits of this in the
months, quarters, and years to come.
Lastly, if I look at semi-automatic washers, I already spoke to you about the
additional
two
years
warranty,
which
makes
it
two
plus
two,
four
years
comprehensive warranty. I'm glad to announce that there is a new product coming
soon in the premium end of the semi-automatic category. This should be in the
market very soon, and I cannot tell you more about it, but I'm sure you'll find it's a
very interesting one when you see it in the market. So the point really in the slide
that I wanted to drive is we've not picked one or two categories in which to
premiumize. We're premiumizing across every category, even in categories that
typically the market could think of as entry-level categories like a DC or a
semi-automatic. So because everything is premiumizing.

If I then go to Elica, for example, and this is an example for me of Elica, just a couple
of examples here, recent product introductions. This is the iSmart inverter kitchen
hood with brushless PC motors that we've just introduced. The beauty of this is that
the consumer insight comes from the fact that consumers switch on the gas or the
cooktop and they forget to switch on the chimney. So they spend about 15, 20
minutes cooking and then realize that the chimney is not on, which is obviously not
helpful.
These Auto Sense chimneys are programmed to sense as soon as the cooktop
comes on, so that they start operating, directly saving the trouble for the consumer.
So again, based on a very strong consumer insight. And we've also introduced new
Hexa IND Lotus Series hobs, basically. As you can see, these are heavy duty brass,
multi flame burners with a triple ring burner. They've got a beautiful cast iron and
pan support with a heat guard, so to avoid any chance of injury from your side. And
there is a lifetime warranty of tenure on the burners.
If I go to the next strategic imperative, which is basically the resident supply chain,
there are two parts that I would like to talk about. The first is quality, the second is
cost. If I look at quality, we follow the world class manufacturing practices. I had
already updated last time that our Pune plant got the bronze in world class
manufacturing in 2021 and our Faridabad plant got the bronze in 2022. I'm
extremely happy to announce that our Puducherry plant as well as our third plant
has also got bronze in October, 2023, and we will continue this March on the world
class manufacturing, driving our quality more and more ahead as we go along.
The other program that we are very proud of is the P4G program. This is a
productivity for growth, it's a cost leadership program, and we've got a very, very
strong program that's already in place that is delivering cost takeout across all lines
of the P&L. And this is the program that helps us improve gross margins. This is the
program that helps us keep fixed costs in control. This is the program that keeps
variable costs in control, and it's a full-fledged program that's not only driven by
procurement, but across all lines of the company. All functions of the company work
to deliver this P4G program, which is closely monitored.
And then move on to my favorite topic, which is excellence and execution. Our aim
is to win every day and every store with every consumer. That is the only way in
which one can really have hope to have a leadership brand. And the reason why this
is important in this business is because consumers come into the store and if they
walk out of the refrigerator and it's not your brand, then you're out of the market
for the next seven to 10 years, maybe more. So it's very important to win every day
and every store with every consumer.

How are we going around doing this in terms of execution? Firstly, we made sure
across the months, and we will continue to do that going forward to the best of our
ability that we have stronger visibility of our premium lines. So this is something that
we track and we deliver on. We have stronger visibility of our premium lines, which
is what we want to push even further, as well as our new ranges that we brought in
recently.
Second, we've made sure that our pricing strategy is getting in the right direction.
Obviously this is a dynamic area and it changes every month, and we monitor that
and act on that. But we also have looked at some of our premium lines and are
looking and will continue to look, are there opportunities to get that part of the
strategy to drive more profitability for the company and more premiumization for
the company. And that is something that we're actively doing.
The third area is strongest sales execution. In the strongest sales execution, I
mentioned to you about retail executives and the work that we've been doing on
that for the last few months. So we have put in a reasonably decent number of
incremental retail executives. We found the results from that were coming quite
strong from a return on investment point of view and we are driving that even
further as we speak. This is something that we are really focused on. Our whole
intent and our whole strategy is to focus on return on investment in whatever
investment we make. Any money that we put into the market, we track the ROI off
and we make sure that it's delivering on that ROI. If something is very, very clear and
the ROI is coming through very clearly, then we roll it out in a very, very strong way.
If the ROI is not very clear to us, then we figure out what ROI is before we put
significant amount of money behind everything. So that's a very simple and
straightforward strategy.
Retail executive is only one part of it. There's many other parts of sales execution,
like the number of billing points that we're doing, which we track regularly. The
displays that we have, how we performing on that, the amount of premium displays
that we have. As also other than all of these things, we've also made a significant
change in our incentive plans for our sales force. So this is something that we are
changing from January, 2024. It's already rolled out to our sales force, but basically
in a nutshell, our sales force typically used to be compensated based on national
results.
And the second thing is they were compensated based on volume growth across
categories now, from January, 2024, and this is why it's such a significant change.
The sales force field, sales force incentives will be based on what the branch has

achieved, which therefore gives the sales force much more control over their
destiny and their results. And the second thing is the sales force is going to be
incentivized on front volume performance. And to get that value performance, they
have to get the volume also. So that's a pretty significant change that we're doing
from January, 2024.
We are also leveraging our great customer relationships in terms of working out top
to tops, market visits, et cetera, across all levels of the organization, not just the
sales guys. And lastly, winning in every store. It's not enough just to win in the offline
stores. It's also important to win in the online stores. So this is something that we
started doing from around July of this year. We looked at the e-commerce business
and we saw that there were significant opportunities to drive the e-commerce
business through investing in e-commerce marketing given its return on advertising
sales that we were getting. And that is something that we started doing and we will
continue to do because we continue to see strong ROI coming out of that.
If I then shift gears to the right half of the screen and talk about the NPS
improvements. Our NPS is significantly – NPS is basically net promoter score, and it
is based on consumer response to our service or installation. Our net promoter
score has seen significant improvement across the years, and it's now at an all-time
high. We will continue driving it forward. This is based on the fact that we've got a
very strong organization. We've got differentiated call centers with dedicated desks
for premium, customers for top 20 cities and escalation desks.
We have enabled a lot of technology that helps us avoid cost significant in certain
areas. And we've also got in-house service centers that we set up, which not only
drive an excellent service experience, but also make financial sense for us. And of
course, we continue to drive D2C. We have got a modern and scalable platform that
we've built with cutting edge technologies, and we've got a good operations
platform in place. I'm now going to hand over to my colleague, Aditya to talk about
the financial performance.
Aditya Jain: Thank you, Mr. Eswar. Good afternoon everyone, and let me now take
you through our financial performance for Q3 on a standalone basis. In this quarter,
our revenue grew in double digits at 19.2%. The revenue was driven by a lot of
initiatives, which Mr. Eswar spoke about in his presentation, which was about
starting – at the beginning of the year we started with the price reduction and the
price correction actions, though it had a negative impact on the revenue, but we saw
a positive momentum in volume because of that.

Subsequently, there were new product improvements in productions both in DC,
frost free and other parts of the portfolio also, the impact of which is visible in this
quarter's revenue growth. And then there's a lot of investment on the sales
execution side as well, be it Aris, be it the display compliances, be it the focus on the
premium mix, premium lines and the high DCM SKUs, et cetera, et cetera, and the
customer relationships.
As a result of this, we've seen some benefit of all these actions translating into
revenue growth. In addition to that, the current quarter has also benefited from the
timing of the Diwali Festival as Diwali this year was in November versus October last
year. And hence we've seen a phasing of volumes moving from September up to
October this year. And the benefit of this flowing through in the revenue growth in
the current quarter. What has happened is as a result of all these cumulative actions
that has happened throughout 2023, we've seen a sequential improvement in our
revenue growth trends and momentum across key categories of a business, i.e.,
both refrigerators and washers grew in high double digits in this quarter.
Moving on to profits, our EBITDA came in at 39 crore at 2.8%. That's 105% growth
versus a year ago. And our PBT came in at 22 crore at 1.6%. That's a 35% growth
versus a year ago. The improvement in profit was driven by the strong volume
growth, the actions, very, very focused actions on driving the high margin premium
SKUs product mix and the cost productivity supported by the strong P4G that's
productivity for growth program which helped us save cost across most line items of
the P&L, and the impact of decrease in commodity prices as well. All these things
have helped both then offset the impact of price production, which we took at the
beginning of the year, and the regulatory cost of charges on the refrigerator
business, which we had to absorb in the P&L during the year.
Coming to cash, cash is a good story. We generated 470 crores cash from operating
activities for the nine months ended December, 2023. And this cash was generated
predominantly by improvement in working capital on accounts receivable and
inventory management. With this cash generation, our balance sheet becomes even
healthier with a very strong cash position, and this allows us the flexibility to invest
in the right product innovation and projects to drive growth and value creation for
the shareholders. With this, I'll pass it back to Mr. Eswar for the closing piece.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you, Aditya. So just last couple of slides, but quickly on
this is, I just wanted to walk you through the market share trends, basically. So this
is basically refrigerators and washers market share. Just stay with me as I walk you
through the slide. There are three time periods here that we've called out, October
2022 to March 2023, April 2023 to September 2023, and October 2023 to December

2023. The market itself was growing in October 2022 to March 2023 by mid-single
digit growth. Whirlpool of India had quite significant challenges and impacted by the
price index challenges in October to December of 2022. We lost a significant amount
of share. We took a price correction in Jan to March, 2023, as I said, and we also
launched our new direct code ranges into the market between Jan and March, 2023.
It was still continuing to lose share versus year ago from a volume market share
point of view.
In April 2023 to September 2023, the market was flattish to slightly declining in
terms of volume and we were able to do a couple of things. One is in addition to the
direct cool ranges, our frost free range upgrades also got into place. This is the
product I was showing you earlier. So that got to the market between, call it April
and June, July, 2023. We also started focusing very significantly on the execution,
stepping up the execution across these months and setting the stall for that. Our
volume market share started declining a lot less compared to year ago during this
time period.
In October 2023 to December 2023, the market continues to grow by a very low
single digit growth. But we've been able to start getting positive on the volume
market share of the year on year as the additional retail educators that we put in,
they started functioning fully at the pace at which – because they need a little time
to wrap up and so at the pace at which they're supposed to wrap up. So we're happy
with that as well as the impact that's coming from all the new products that we've
got into the markets as well as the mixed drive that we want to take them
strategically. So that's basically the market share trend that we have so far.
And I'm just going to close with my last slide before we open up for questions, is
how are we going to deliver sustainable and profitable growth over the long term? I
take you back to the same five strategic imperatives inspired with our brands. If I
look at this, it's very clear that in the best years, we had superior consumer insights
and these superior consumer insights is what we're going to focus on starting from
now. We're going to go out and figure out how to get the best consumer insights
that drive two things, one, best in class innovation, like some of the stuff that you
saw. But the second area is best in class communication, which is how do we tell this
news to the consumer, whether it be through impact stickers, whether it be through
our retail executives, whether it be through other forms of communication.
Second, product leadership. We will continue to overdrive premiumization. We will
also look to fill gaps in our core categories, but the intent is really to deliver winning
products across the board. The third area will be resilient supply chain. We will
continue to drive the quality of our products up through WCM. We will continue to

drive P4G in a very strong way. P4G is our defense against any chaos that can
happen in the market. And we will keep ourselves focused on what we can control
to improve margins as we go along.
The fourth area is executional excellence. We're going to focus both on driving
reach, which means covering more stores across the country and extraction, which
means getting more from each store within the country, getting more from each
display through a lot of focus on sales and marketing execution, including a best in
class retail executive program that focuses on the quantity of retail executives that
we have, the quality of retail executives that we have, and more importantly, their
retention because that's a major variable. And lastly, we will grow the consumer
direct business ahead of the industry. We believe that these things should be able to
get us over the long term, a high single digit revenue CAGR with a high single digit
PBT margin percentage over the long term, over multi years. Yeah. So that's all I
wanted to share. Happy to pass over to Roopali again.
Roopali Singh:
Thank you, Mr. Eswar and Mr. Jain. With that, I hand over the
proceedings back to the Operator for commencing the Q&A session, please.
Operator: Thank you, Ms. Roopali. I request analysts to press star one to ask their
questions. In the interest of time, please limit your question to one and one follow
up question. In case during the call you face any technical difficulties, then please
reach out to the help desk, email IDs are communicated to you via email. Our first
question is from Aniruddha Joshi. I request Aniruddha, ask your question.
Aniruddha Joshi: Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, really thankful for the
presentation, but just wanted to understand the guidance part of it is high single
digit revenue CAGR in an economy, which itself is bringing double digits in nominal
GDP. So while we're in a way looking for high single digit revenue CAGR and then
secondly, in an industry where various players like [inaudible] Bosch or [inaudible],
many players are doing business at innovative losses or investments. So how do you
see the margins going forward? We used to generate more than 10, 11% margins,
now it has come down significantly in mid-single digits. So do you see it going back
to the historical level? And last question from my side, in the parent's annual report
in CY 2022, India growth was a key agenda. Now, we see the parent wants to sell a
24% stake. So what is the broad level thinking that has changed at the global level?
Yeah. That's it from my side. Thanks.
Narasimhan Eswar: Got it. Thank you, Mr. Joshi, really appreciate. Sir, do we have
the three questions written down?

Aditya Jain: GDP normal at double digit, so are we planning to run single digits on
position operating at negative margins. So we were at 10, 11% margin.
Narasimhan Eswar: Okay. Yeah. Got it. Sorry, I was just trying to note down the
question. So in terms of – Mr. Joshi, the way we look at this is we are looking from
where we are and looking forward, and we are trying to get an assessment of how
quickly and how far we'll go. We recognize that it's a very competitive market. We
recognize that competition is going to be there. It's not going away. We recognize
where we are basically.
And going forward, this is the guidance that we give in terms of the growth. You see,
like I said, we have to operate from where we see right now what things are. While
the GDP might be growing significantly, the durables industry is not growing
significantly as of now. So we factor all these things when we are given the guidance.
Obviously, if other things change, then our guidance will also change in the future.
But at this point in time, based on what we see of what's happening with the market
on durables, with the competitive situation, et cetera, this is the best guidance that
we would give. So that's the answer to the first question.
The second question is on margins. So the answer to your question is I think double
digit margins for me, as I look at it, it's going to be quite challenging for anyone to go
to the double digit margin. As we look across the industry from whatever we can
see, nobody's operating anywhere near that. There have been a lot of players who
have come in, there are headwinds from competition. There's also headwinds, as
you can imagine, from regulatory requirements that will come going forward. So do I
see the best players operating at double digit margins? I would say it's a little
challenging to even imagine that. But I would say a high single digit margin is
something over the long term that one can aspire towards. Keep in mind that the
competition is the one piece that keeps the whole thing going.
And the second thing, of course, like I said, is every regulatory change costs a
significant amount of money. And we can expect regulatory to increase as we go
along. And that's the direction that we've seen or got from whatever we've seen
from the government. So given those things, my personal view is that double digit
margins are going to be very challenging for anybody to get to, high single digit
margin is the guidance that we are giving. So that's the answer to your second
question.
The third one, the 24% stake, I think, just to be clear, the Whirlpool of India – So first
of all, nothing has changed from the point of view of India's importance to Whirlpool
Cooperation, nothing at all. What actually is the situation is very simply that the

global Whirlpool Corporation has decided to sell up to 24% of its stake. So to go
from 75% up to at least 51%, that is basically the decision from the Whirlpool Global
Corporation. What is the idea? The idea is that the Whirlpool Corporation will
continue to hold the majority interest in the company. And India is supremely very,
very important for Whirlpool Corporation from a global point of view, as you saw
from Jim Peter's message.
Why is the Whirlpool Corporation doing this? It has very clearly stated this in its US
notice that was released to the Indian market as well followed by communication
from our side as well, that basically the proceeds from this will be used to retire
debt at the Whirlpool Corporation level, and that is the sole purpose of this effort.
So from the Whirlpool Global Cooperation side, there is no change, if anything at all,
there's even more of a focus to make sure that India is very strong and continues to
be stronger as we go forward with respect to investments and technology,
innovation, et cetera, et cetera. But this is being done by the Whirlpool Corporation
to retire its debt so that debt retirement can then open up the company to invest
further and further as we go along, because less debt driven company is always a
better thing. Thank you.
Roopali Singh: We move to the next question.
Operator: Once again, to ask a question, please press star one. We will take our
next question from Renu Baid Cugalia, please go ahead.
Renu Baid Cugalia: Yeah. Good evening and thanks for the opportunity. The first
question is, if you look at the last three years performance of Whirlpool in the
market, there have been consistent share loss as well as erosion of profitability. So
probably we are now already somewhere at the bottom. Incremental share loss
definitely should not be there. And you did highlight some gains in the year until
date. So can you quantify what has been our current market share across some of
the key categories? And what is the targeted share that we are looking for over the
next two to four years driving various strategies of premiumization, more of sales,
marketing, incentives? That's the first question.
Second, on the strategies to drive innovation and consumer insights overall, what is
the budgetary spend that we are targeting on R&D and new product introduction?
And does that already bake in your assumption of high single digit margins when
you're guiding over the medium term? And lastly, with respect to the portfolio of
Elica, larger or other smaller appliances companies are now diversified with M&A in
this space, in cooktops, in chimneys. And some of them have seemingly in the early
stages, a good foothold in the premium segment. So what has been our journey

here and how do we propose to tackle the competitive pressures and yet drive
double digit growth back in the grouping portfolio, which has been soft this year so
far, along with margin expansion? Thank you.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thanks a lot. Thank you so much for your question. The first
thing is, in terms of share growth. So we have directionally speaking, strong – we've
got double digit shares across pretty much most of our portfolio. We are especially
strong in the direct cool refrigerator business and we are quite strong in the
washers as well. Frost free is where we have more opportunity to improve as we go
along. And with the products that we have, I'm confident that share growth with the
execution focus should come through.
In terms of the next few years, if you can think about it, while I don't want to give a
specific number because that's very internal in our planning and so on and so forth.
I think if you talk about long term, like you said, four years, you could call that long
term. If you say four years, then you're looking at growing the share because
otherwise, it's quite unlikely to be able to grow high single digits without growing the
shares. So share growth is certainly part of our whole story. And we are very clear
on how we're planning to do that, which is through all of the steps that I highlighted
to you in the presentation. So yes, to answer your question, share growth is very
much part of the story across the next four years.
Now, on the budgetary spend on R&D and new product introductions, yeah,
absolutely. I think we take that into account when we talk to you about anything of
that sort. Very much so and X factor into our financials and our calculations as we
speak to you, also because in this category, the amount of money you spend on
R&D and new product reduction has to be calculated because it is quite a significant
impact. So that answered your second question, very much considered yes.
Thirdly, on Elica, I think yes, there is a lot of competitive pressure, but we want to
improve our business or drive our business financially responsibly with Elica. And I
think that's very important for us. So we're not doing any short-termism in our
thinking. Without going into a lot of detail, we're also aware of several other impacts
that will come into this business as we go forward and we are readying ourselves for
that. I think there is something really special about a company that has got it set up
here locally that can actually do stuff, that can actually manufacture stuff, that can
put together stuff and set.
And in a lot of industries, a lot of players can come in and import and get away with
it for some time, but I think it's probably difficult to get away with it for a very long
span of time. So I think we've got to stick to our strategy, we've got to stick to the

high quality of products that we produce. We will not compromise on that. And we
continue to believe that driving the right products and the right innovation is what
will basically help us tackle these competitive pressures, which will come and go. A
lot of people – Yeah. That's about it. Thanks.
Roopali Singh: Thank you, Renu. We move to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Abhijit Akella. I request Abhijit, ask your
question.
Abhijit
Akella:
Thank
you
very
much.
Good
evening,
and
thanks
for
the
opportunity. So for me, just a couple of data points if it's possible to share. One is
the revenue breakdown across our product categories, the key ones, if it's possible
to share that. Also, any sense of volumes that you could share, that would be great.
And in terms of the production capacities that exist right now, are there any
significant CapEx plans that you have to expand these? And one final thing is just a
rough sense of sales mixed by channel. These will be great to have. Thank you so
much.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you. Thanks, Abhijit. I think we're not really planning to
give out the details across categories and so on and so forth, other than what we've
shared so far, to be honest with you. Like I said, our shares are higher in DC, strong
in washers. Frost free is the one where the opportunity is still there that we can
grow significantly. And of course, if you look at front load washing machines, again,
that's a place where the opportunity is very, very significant for us because we've
just launched in 2022. So as you can imagine, our shares are quite low, and
therefore the opportunity to grow there is very, very significant.
Excuse me. I can tell you that refrigerators are more than 55% of our business.
Washer is about 30 odd percent of our business and other categories put together,
make up the rest. And Elica is outside of this, of course, and Elica's numbers you
have already. That's with respect to the volumes and the value. On the production
capacities, I think your question where you're leading to is, is there any massive
CapEx that we plan? Well, to be honest, we are reasonably well covered for now.
And more importantly, we factor these into our financial planning as we go forward.
So when we're giving you the guidance, we've made sure that capacity planning for
factories is very much included in our financials. So we've done that mathematics to
say, when do we need capacities in which factory, at which plan of time across the
next seven years? And we've taken that into account already. So that should be
okay.

Roopali Singh: Yeah. Thank you, Mr. Abhijit. If we would move to the next question.
Operator:
We'll take our next question from Niraj Jain. Please go ahead, Niraj.
Niraj Jain: Yeah. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. So sir, my first question is, may I
know an approximate contribution that is currently being driven from the premium
portfolio especially that was launched in 2020? Secondly, I want to know like from a
longer term perspective, what is the company strategy behind its brand building?
We have been seeing a decline in ad spends consistently over the last three, four
years, while at the same time the peers, especially the unlisted peers, have been
very quite aggressive.
So any strategy on how are we planning to increase the ad spends, especially when
we are expecting margins to continue being in single digit on the account of
competition? And lastly, I want to know if some royalty and technical know-how fees
have been consistent at around 1.5% over the years. May I know if there is any
tenure for this engagement and any revision that can be expected in any time soon,
especially with the change and the parent company ownership stake going ahead?
That's it. Thank you.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thanks a lot, Niraj. On the premium portfolio, well, I can't give
you a percentage. Basically, I can tell you that the premium portfolio, first of all are
shares typically in our entry level portfolio of anything like DC or frost free or
anything. Shares usually the entry level are higher, typically. So the significant
opportunity for us to increase the premium portfolio going forward, it has been
going in the right direction in the last few months. And the second thing is our focus
is very much on that premium portfolio. So A, we have a runway to grow in that
premium portfolio because Whirlpool is a very well-known brand to all these people.
But it still doesn't have its kind of, say fair share with respect to the premium
portfolio. And we're seeing it more in the right direction because of the focus that
we're putting on premiumization in terms of the business.
So whether I take direct-cool, DC refrigerators, or I take frost free or I take even
semi-automatic washing machines where we have a lot of strengths or top load
washing machines, for example, we definitely have opportunities to grow in the
premium portfolio significantly compared to the entry portfolio opportunity. So our
plan is to leverage this to really drive the premium portfolio shares. And there has
been a movement, like I said, in the right direction on these categories.
The second question that you talked about is on brand building, strategy on
management. It's a great question. The way we look at how we're spending right

now from where we are, and I want to be transparent about it, is we need to make
sure we're spending on the right things from where we are. Our current focus is to
spend on things that can drive a solid return on investment, basically. So if I put in
money, I should get a return on investment that's clearly visible. Where it is clearly
visible, we're going and investing in a very big way.
So I talked to you about retail executives. Now, retail executives, very frankly, are a
lot about brand building as well, because you're talking here about thousands of
people on the shop floor who are talking about your brand and its benefits to your
consumers. And these are the people who help you get your sales, but also help the
consumer make the right choice. So if you look at the amount of effort we're
spending on it, not just in terms of the number of people that we're hiring, but also
in terms of the money we're spending on the quality training of these people which I
would say is really, really good. And also on the retention programs, we are
investing a lot.
And the reason we're investing a lot is very simple. It's because it's a solid ROI on
everything else, like I said. And similar is a thing for me on e-commerce marketing,
for example, where we can see the solid ROI we're investing. We will at a point in
time in the future come to a place where we will, again, continue to have, I think a
lot of levers. We continue to have a lot of levers in which you can invest. It's very
difficult to invest in all the levers at the same time. So each of these levers and
brand building, as we traditionally call it, advertising is one of those levers. Similarly,
we'll
adopt
a
similar
approach, which is to figure out the ROI through a
methodology. And once we figure out the ROI, we will invest at the right time into
that as well.
In the meantime, we are driving our brand very strongly compared to what we were
doing some time ago through whatever we're doing in the stores, which is actually
the single biggest point of influence for purchase. A massive number of decisions of
purchase are actually made in the store. And through e-commerce marketing, which
we're doing right now, we are doing our digital communication, digital marketing, as
well as e-commerce marketing. So that part of it is happening.
Other levers, and there are many levers to drive the business, to drive the sales, to
drive the revenue and the profits, as well as to drive market share. Large scale
advertising is one of those levers. We will look at it at the right time, evaluate it with
the right ROI, prove the ROI, and then we'll expand it. That is the second part. So
certainly it's a part of our future plans, but it'll be done at the right time and with the
right ROI. The third thing, I'm going to defer to, Aditya.

Aditya Jain: Yeah. And Niraj, in reference to your question, whether royalty or
technical know-how fees, which is paid to the parent, will it change as a result of the
change in stake? The answer to this question is we do not anticipate any change in
the royalty and technical know-how percentages as a result of the shareholding
pattern. So we anticipate you to continue at the same levels.
Roopali Singh: Thank you, Niraj. With that, we'll move to the next question, please.
Operator, can we move to the next question, please.
Operator: The next question is from Bhavin. Please go ahead.
Bhavin: Thank you so much for the presentation. First one is a request for a greater
frequency of investor interaction through quarterly earning calls and analyst days.
We understand business ups and downs, but any interaction channel being open
helps
us
immensely.
The
question
that
I
have,
one,
is
your
strategy
of
premiumization. And one of the disadvantage that I believe is that your peers, like
LG or Samsung have larger manufacturing facilities across Asia. So that puts
Whirlpool through three types of disadvantages. A, is the cost. B is the frequency of
refreshes, and three is in terms of number of SKUs because they have a greater
scale. So how do you plan to mitigate this and increase your share in the premium
space?
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you, Bavin. On your two points, the first one is the
greater frequency of interactions. A point well noted. I came in about 10 months
ago, so it took a little bit of time for me to understand all the factors and the
business and the people and everything else. So I think this is the first time we're
interacting with you. We did have an AGM in August where we spoke to all the
shareholders. So yes, we will certainly take that into consideration as we go along.
Thank you for that suggestion.
In terms of the manufacturing facilities, I would say, to be honest with you, it's not
something that concerns us at all because the way we look at it is that we're a global
cooperation. We've got products and designs and engineering structural knowledge
that comes from multiple markets, whether from North America, from Latin
America, from parts of Europe where we have technology, parts of Asia where we
have technology, and of course in India. So we've got access to global technology,
global knowledge, global scale in several areas of engineering and manufacturing.
Secondly, we've got three world class plants here. As I told you, we've got WCM
bronze ratings in all three plants. And as you know, the WCM ratings are not just for
certain
parts,
it's
to
do
with
the completely comprehensive and full scale

assessment of the ability of a plant to deliver products with great quality, cost and
safety. So I would say that from our landscape, do we have enough to basically
deliver the products that we need? Absolutely. These are the plants that have
delivered the national award winning world class DC refrigerator that I spoke to you
about. These are the same plants that have basically come up with the fastest
convertible in the market in 23 minutes. These are the same plants that have come
up with the heater technology.
So I do believe that we are well served. We have enough identified and invested at
the right time to make sure we have enough capacity, we have enough flexibility in
our market. Actually, my key focus would be on really driving the demand. That I
think is what we really need to do. To be honest, I'm not really worried about the
supply part of it at all. There will always be some gaps in the categories like I spoke
of in my presentation, and we will certainly look to fill them as we go along. There
will be capital decisions that we need to make and so on and so forth, and those will
be taken and done at the appropriate time.
So I would say from our side, we're not at all worried about this, and with more and
more, making India happening. I think it's only right that we make all our products
out of here. So almost all our portfolio is basically made out of here. Even the
categories that we may not ourselves make, which will be very small, we source
them from Indian producers. So we have very, very small import dependency. And I
would say if you have a massive import dependency, you should probably think
about it twice.
Roopali Singh: Thank you, Mr. Bhavin. With that we'll move to the next question,
please.
Operator:
The next question is from Yash Jain. I request Yash Jain to ask your
question.
Roopali Singh:
Request Mr. Yash Jain from Ambit to please unmute and ask the
question.
Yash Jain: Hello? Am I on mute?
Roopali Singh: Yes, Mr. Jain.
Yash Jain: Hello?
Roopali Singh: Yes, Mr. Jain, we can hear you.

Yash Jain: Okay. Yeah. Well, I'm saying while we do have the manufacturing
facilities, but have we considered outsourcing about some of our categories that can
help in saving costs?
Narasimhan Eswar: Sorry, I just want to be clear I understood your question,
you're saying, are we considering outsourcing on some of our categories where it'll
help cost, is the question?
Yash Jain: Yes. Right.
Narasimhan Eswar: Great. Thanks, Joshi. Yes. So in categories where we find that
we can get reasonably competitively priced products to our specifications because
Whirlpool has very clear and demanding specifications, then we have no problems
in outsourcing it. A classic example is air conditioners where we don't manufacture
them ourselves. We get good products to our specifications, which are quite
exacting, and we get that. Similarly for microwave ovens, we don't manufacture that
ourselves, and we basically get that done through third party suppliers. So yes,
absolutely that's part of the strategy.
But where I've got capacity and I've got the expertise and I've got a good cost base
on refrigerators and washers, again, the answer is not, no, it's never no, but there
has to be a really solid reason as to why we'd go out, because the cost has to really
work for us. The cost benefit has to be significant for us to consider doing that. As
you can imagine, every time you don't make it in your factory, you will incur a bit of a
hit. So you have to look at that versus the benefit that you get financially from
anybody else. So I'd say we are sorted for now on this. If there are opportunities that
come up, which are significant and long term, we have no problem looking at it. But
we just focus on the core categories, we keep it internal.
Roopali Singh:
Thank you. With that, we move to the next question from Ms.
Natasha Jain, we would request to please unmute yourself and speak.
Natasha Jain:
Hello? Am I audible?
Narasimhan Eswar: Yes, please.
Natasha Jain: Yeah. Thank you for the opportunity and thank you for the detailed
presentation, sir, I have two questions. One is on product leadership. So if I observe
your market share, and especially the channel feedback in the last two years, you've
lost your [inaudible] in terms of product leadership. Could this be more of a cost

challenge and therefore a reduction in the quality of the product? I just want to
understand, going forward, while you've detailed out the product leadership in
terms of your opening remarks, in terms of quality specifically, and in terms of cost
cutting, I just want to understand that relationship.
And secondly, my question is on Elica. Now, we understand that Elica is one of the
top three players in terms of kitchen appliances. Now, when we did some channel
check, we found out that even Whirlpool has launched its own brand. The products
were quite similar, both in terms of features and also property. And so what I need
to know is what is the rationale for [inaudible] tracking your own brand when Elica is
already there, doesn't that dilute the entire presence of Elica as a brand? So those
are my two questions. Thank you.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you. It's great questions. Thank you, Natasha. So the
first question on product leadership, I want to be super clear that we have never
contemplated a reduction in quality, not even contemplated, forget about putting it
in the market. Have we done cost cutting so that we can save our product?
Absolutely not. See Natasha, you're absolutely right. But if you go back and see our
financials over the last five years, there has been a volume demand impact. There's
also been, if you remember, a commodity cost rise. Part of the reason is also that
we never compromise on the quality, never.
There may be people who have to compromise on the quality and reduce their cost,
but you can see it in our P&L, our profits have gone down over time. One of the
things that stayed constant for us is actually, and I can tell you our quality
parameters over the years are actually improving. So we right now are looking at
probably the best year in terms of quality that we reduce that we put out into the
market. And if you look at the products that we put out into the market and the
claims that we've talked about, fastest convertible, right? Convertible in 23 minutes,
two times the vitamin preservation, 10 in one convertible modes. All these are
investments into product quality, we're not taking them out.
So if anything at all, we have gone and invested more and more in product quality
with the belief, and this is a true belief in my 33 years of experience, that product
quality investment will always pay off. So I just want to be very clear, there is no
question of reducing product quality. We lost demand in the market, which is the
result of the things that I explained to you about, we lost some consumer traction in
the market because we are not able to push our products well enough. But the
product quality, if anything, has only become better over time. In fact, like I told you,
in DC, we've just got the energy conservation award basically out of all the

refrigerators in India. We were chosen by the president of – by the BEE and awarded
by the president of India.
So just want to reassure everybody on the call, quality is our number one thing. We
will not compromise on that. Never. That is Whirlpool. So I hope that answers the
question very clearly. And now our job is to make sure we go and generate the
demand that the quality warrants. Because the demand will not just come by
making good products. You've got to go out and make people know that there are
those good products, which is what we do by investing in retail executives, which is
what we do by investing in communication, which is what we do by driving
communications.
The second point that you talked about on Elica and Whirlpool, why do we need two
brands? Very simple. I think cooking is a category which is nascent. Cooking is a
category in which you will have multiple brands going forward. We do believe in
having both Elica and Whirlpool, because Whirlpool is also a well known cooking
brand globally. To have both Whirlpool and Elica as a portfolio play is a far-far better
strategy. So if I go back to my, let's say shampoo days, you will see big shampoo
companies having more than one shampoo brand in the market driving different
things.
So therefore, what we basically want to have is a portfolio of brands that can
compete in this market because we believe that over time, this market will become
quite significant, both from a revenue and from a profit point of view. And we do
believe that there is play for both markets, and there are differences between
Whirlpool and Elica in terms of the ranges. Basically, they're all hobs, hoods and
chimneys, no doubt. They all have a power source, they all have burners and so on
and so forth. But there are clear differences in design, there are differences in
aesthetics, and there can be differences in functionality as well between Elica and
Whirlpool. We do think it's a very good idea to have multiple brands.
Roopali Singh: Okay. Thank you Mr. Eswar. We'll move to the next question. The
next question is from Priyank Chheda. We would request Priyank to please share his
question.
Priyank Chheda: Hello? I hope I'm audible.
Roopali Singh: please. Yes, please go ahead.
Priyank Chedda: Sorry. So my first question is on the distribution. What is available
and where are we? So what is the scope of further vertical expansion into the

distribution end? Now, within that, how much is the gap that is available to increase
the wallet share within the existing retailer, which is, so essentially the distribution
expansion vertically and horizontally, if you can help us on that. That is question
number one. The second question is on the new product launch is, do we plan to
pour into any product or any new vertical lines especially taking the product
portfolio market from the parent? And the third question is on the cost line items.
Now, you did mention that there's PG4 program that you would be running now,
which would run across those cost line items of P&L. So if you can help us with the
details onto, which is the cost line item which we should track ahead for maximum
delta change that should be visible ahead. Thank you.
Narasimhan Eswar: Sorry. One question, Priyank if you don't mind, you talked
about new vertical lines in new products. I didn't understand what that – what does
that mean? What is the meaning of new vertical lines?
Priyank Chedda: No. I'm saying outside the refrigerator and washing machines and
the available SKUs that we have, do we plan to enter into any other new products
which are very small, which are very niche into their own segments. And those are
available at the parent basket, which are not there in the Indian portfolio. So that is
my reference.
Narasimhan Eswar: Got you, got you. Thank you. That's very clear. Priyank, answer
to your first question on distribution. We have very strong distribution in the
country. And without going into specific numbers, I'd say we're already at about
total coverage of what, maybe 60% of the total distribution that's available in the
market, which basically means there's still about 35, 40% of distribution that we
could cover. We're talking at tens of thousands of stores basically that we cover. So
that's the first point.
So there is plenty of opportunity for us to increase the distribution, but obviously
the distribution also comes at a certain cost. So we are always evaluating the cost of
rolling on the distribution versus the return of what you get from that distribution.
So that's a constant ongoing exercise, basically. As you can imagine in India, the
more you've got to distribute, lower down the order, the more you got to go into a
smaller town, et cetera, to basically distribute. So we've got a big Pan-India presence
on distribution. We continue to look at ways to optimize that and drive that further.
And that's there in our year on year results.
One of the key KPIs that we have for our sales force is actually billing points.
Distribution billing points. We track that. What is important in this category is also
not just have number of distribution points per year, but also track it on a quarterly

and on a monthly basis because the more frequently you can bill to a billing point,
the better off. So we have a complete range of tracking that we do across this. Also,
keep in mind that a lot of change to expansion is happening across the country. A
lot of modern trade expansion is happening across the country. So all of these also
help in driving total sales. So just comparing distribution points will not give you a
picture, but as part of driving traditional trade distribution expansion is something
that we always do while making sure that we are doing the right thing also for chain
stores, for modern trade, for e-commerce, and so on and so forth. So that's answer
to your first question.
On the new products, what you call the new vertical lines. I think first of all, we have
a lot of opportunity within refrigerator, washers and cooking itself, which are our
core categories, to drive a significant amount of growth to make our brand much
stronger, to make sure that we supply much better, to make sure that people are
buying our products more often. There's a huge amount of opportunity that we
have within these categories. On other categories. We continue operating in the
categories that we operate in, and we will continue looking for opportunities that
are interesting, but they have to be financially attractive.
So this is something that we always keep our mind open on and we keep looking,
but I think the most important thing, and because all those things are nice, that's
like icing on the cake. The cake actually is the business you've got. So my clear belief
is, make sure that you do very well on the business that you've got before you start
jumping on something else in the hope that it'll save you. No, you have to make your
business work for you first, which basically means for me, refrigerator, washers, air
conditioners, microwave, ovens, cooking, dishwashers, and so on and so forth. So
there's enough out there. And by no means are we at a market share, which is so
high that I should start defocusing on these categories.
So I would say we're clearly focused on what we need to do, and there's plenty of
space for us to grow, plenty of opportunities to grow. Within these however, there is
plenty of opportunity for us to grow within refrigerator itself in different segments.
So we track the segments, market share and market performance. We literally track
it by segment, whether it's entry or mid or premium or high, et cetera. And based on
that, we're working plans to make sure that our market share grows in the right
segments. The last question that you have is on the cost line, P4G. So I will just pass
it across to Aditya.
Aditya Jain: Yeah. To your last question on which cost item you should track, and
what is the P4G program? So P4G stands for productivity for growth. That is a
program where we have people who are responsible for each line out of the P&L.

And we have targets and we monitor the progress against targets on all the cost
lineups on a weekly basis and assess it on a monthly basis and do course
corrections if required. But if you ask me from my point of view, let's say what is the
biggest sign for me is the material cost. Over the last six, seven years, the material
cost has gone up from about 62% of NR to about 69% today.
And that is where we've lost the margins, is a combination of various factors. We've
seen inflation, we've seen regulatory of charges, and the industry has not been able
to take up pricing. So what is important for us is to make sure that we have enough
coming out of the material cost, which will help improve our margins in medium
term and long term. So this is one of the biggest cost element, which we will be
tracking very, very closely to see how do we get productivity either on the design
aspect or on the sourcing aspect or on the negotiation aspect through various
initiatives, working with vendors, DTV, tear downs, et cetera, et cetera, localization,
and being able to deliver our guidance in terms of margins and profitability.
Roopali Singh: Thank you, Aditya. Since we're nearing the closing time for the
meeting today, we'll take one last question from Mr. Rahul Gajare. I would request
Mr. Rahul to please ask this question.
Rahul Gajare: Yeah. Hi, and thanks for the opportunity. Now, I had one question
with respect to, you talked about the state of our plants that we've gotten, which
have got bronze, even the Puducherry plant has been categorized as bronze level
plant. I think sometime in 2020 or 2021, the annual report of Whirlpool was talking
about export opportunity in a big way. I want to understand from where we are
today, you obviously talked about what you want to do in the domestic market, but
what is your thought on export opportunity? Does that even hold now, or do you
really want to focus only on the domestic market? So your thoughts on this entire
export element will be helpful.
Narasimhan Eswar: Great question, Rahul. Thanks for that. At this point in time, we
have an export part of the business as well. We do export to a few countries and we
keep monitoring that. Obviously, like I said, we want to be financially very sound in
whatever we do going forward, and therefore we keep looking at that from a
financial attractiveness point of view as we do that. Also, keep in mind regulations
are the different markets. As you can imagine, every market does not have the same
regulations. And obviously these are very, very technical products, so they have to
basically.
So keeping all these things in mind, we have an exports business, we've got a team
that looks at exports, we continue to focus on it. I think it's also been a little

challenging in some of the markets, basically from an economy point of view, not
from our business point of view in some of our neighboring markets, it's not been
easy in those markets, plus, with regulations coming in. Therefore, I would say the
exports opportunity at this point in time to the markets we export in, but I do keep
in mind that unlike a local producer of India was just making products in India and
exporting, we cannot export everywhere in the world. We cannot export to the
countries where we already have business. So we can only export to countries
where there is nobody else who's basically managing the business.
We will continue to drive exports. Do I expect that to be a blockbuster in the next
two, three years? No, I don't think so. For two reasons. Number one is we've got hell
of a lot of work to do from our side to really get us to the glory that we need to get
to. And I think that we're clearly focused on that. In the meantime, any opportunities
that we have on exports that are sensible, that work from a regulatory point of view,
we will absolutely grab. So I do expect to see the numbers go up over time, but I
would not expect something really majorly traumatic unless something else
happens in the marketplace, which either relaxes the regulatory situation or
changes the financial position or I mean the financial consideration basically, that
other countries would expect, et cetera. If these things change, then our position
would definitely change.
Roopali Singh: Thank you, Mr. Eswar. With this, I would conclude the Q&A session.
A big thank you to both Mr. Eswar and Mr. Jain. And on behalf of the management, I
would also like to thank all the participants for taking out time to be with us here
today. Thank you. Look forward to meeting you in the future.
Narasimhan Eswar: Thank you everyone.
Aditya Jain: Thank you.
