 
 
      
     February 12, 2024 
The General Manager 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500770 
The Manager, Listing Department 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) 
Mumbai -  400 051 
Symbol: TATACHEM 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: 
Transcript of Analysts/Investors Call pertaining to the Financial Results for the third 
quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 
Further to our letter dated February 5, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of the 
Analysts/Investors Call on the Unaudited Consolidated and Audited Standalone Financial Results 
of Tata Chemicals Limited for the third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 held on 
Monday, February 5, 2024. 
 
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.tatachemicals.com/investors/financial-reports. 
 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Tata Chemicals Limited 
 
 
Rajiv Chandan 
Chief General Counsel  
& Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
RAJIV M 
CHANDAN
Digitally signed 
by RAJIV M 
CHANDAN 
Date: 2024.02.12 
17:43:40 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
Tata Chemicals Limited 
Q3 & 9M Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
February 05, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Tata Chemicals Limited Q3 & Nine 
Months FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you. 
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you. Good day, everyone and thank you for joining us for Tata Chemicals Q3 
& Nine Months FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. R. Mukundan, Managing Director and CEO, Mr. Zarir 
Langrana, Executive Director; and Mr. Nandakumar Tirumalai, Chief Financial 
Officer. 
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward-looking in nature and may involve risks and 
uncertainties. 
I now invite Mr. Mukundan to begin proceedings of the call. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thanks, Gavin. Good evening and welcome everyone to our Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings 
Call. I'm joined by my colleagues, Zarir and Nandu for today's call. 
I'll start with the discussion with the key -operational highlights across geographies, 
following which Nandu will walk you through the financial performance of the quarter. 
Firstly, an update on the overall Soda Ash industry: 
The market conditions remain challenging across all key regions and segments, 
especially flat glass, which has been impacted in Europe. LATAM also is 
experiencing a bit of slowdown, especially in the lithium sector, which is more recent. 
Consequently, there's been a surge in Turkish exports to Asian markets, which has 
pivoted from Europe to Asian markets, especially in India, China and Southeast Asia. 
While China grew overall, demand was impacted in the construction / real estate and 
the demand grew for solar glass. Solar glass also had a strong demand in Southeast 
Asia. Other sectors were flat. 

 
Page 2 of 13 
 
India demand saw a marginal growth of 1%. The softness was mainly felt in export-
facing sectors in dyes and organic chemicals. 
South African demand saw a bit of a decline in mining sector. Overall, in our view, 
the customer sentiment is bearish with approximately 12 to 18 months recovery 
period, as we explained in the last call. 
The Company's performance was lower as compared to the previous year due to 
pricing pressure in all regions and low volume. Especially in US, volumes were lower 
due to plant maintenance shutdown and rail car shortage, which led to lower 
contribution, lower absorption of fixed costs and increase in fixed costs during the 
quarter. The shortfall was about 80,000 tons (as compared to the previous quarter). 
Input costs continue to be stable. 
We prepaid a debt of US$ 25 million in USA. Our endeavor is to continue to maintain 
our share through customer engagement and have steady contribution margin with 
focus on costs and higher value-added products. Our focus will also be to deliver 
capital investment projects on time, conserve cash and continue to deleverage. 
We have seen good performance in Rallis amidst challenging external environment. 
Domestic business has registered growth. International business is facing 
challenges. But we do believe it should revive in coming quarters. Management has 
undertaken steps in recent years to improve profitability of business. We expect that 
to translate in the coming years.  
We anticipate in the short-term, current demand-supply situation is likely to persist 
but should stabilize and improve over long-term driven by sectors which we continue 
to engage with which are sustainability sectors of solar, lithium and other related 
sectors. 
As we strategically expand the core business capability through cost-effective 
debottlenecking, we are equally committed to rigorous cost management, debt 
reduction and bolstering of cash flows. Our aim is to sustain market share through 
customer engagement and maintain stable margins with a keen eye on controlling 
costs. 
Going forward, we do expect the next few months to be challenging due to subdued 
pricing of soda ash. This is more so for the US export markets while the domestic 
market seems to be stable. 
That concludes my opening remarks. I now hand over the floor to Nandu who will 
walk you through the Financial Performance. 
N. Tirumalai:  
Thanks, Mukundan and good evening, everyone. 
Let me walk you through the Performance, after which we go to the Q&A Session. 
Starting with the headline numbers for the quarter: 
Our revenue for the quarter was Rs. 3,730 crores against Rs. 4,148 crore last year’s 
Q3, down by 10%. Decrease in revenue was driven mainly by lower soda ash 
volumes and pricing pressure in all regions. EBITDA for the quarter was Rs. 542 

 
Page 3 of 13 
 
crore as against Rs. 922 crore in the last year Q3, lower by 41%. PAT for the quarter 
was Rs. 194 crore, lower by 55% compared to last year's Q3. 
Coming to India: 
Revenues for the quarter were Rs. 1,093 crore. Soda ash volumes were actually up 
compared last year's Q3. The pricing pressure has been there because of which we 
had lower realizations which was on account of higher import and drop in pricing. 
Salt and Bicarb saw steady volume during the quarter. 
Moving to US business: 
Pricing saw a sharp decrease versus the previous year. However, both domestic 
prices and market share have been stable while absolute volumes have fallen. 
EBITDA margins were at 12% for the current quarter. 
Moving to UK business: 
Revenue was impacted as compared to last year's Q3 because of lower volume of 
soda ash, which led to the revenue being lower by 20% in the current quarter. 
EBITDA was 10% for the current quarter. 
As far as Kenya is concerned, both volumes and realizations saw softening which in 
turn impacted margins and profits for the quarter. 
As far as HDS and Nutra are concerned, both the businesses had a stable 
performance in this quarter. 
Rallis:  
Revenues were at 598 crore, a 5% drop compared to last year's Q3. EBITDA was 
Rs. 61 crore in the quarter, higher by 14% compared to last year's Q3 and PAT was 
Rs. 24 crore. 
Our cash at a gross level was at Rs. 1,535 crore in December ending. CAPEX was 
at Rs. 492 crore, net debt was at Rs. 4,377 crore. 
With that, I close my comments and hand it over back to Gavin to open up for the 
Q&A. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC.   
Saurabh Jain: 
I have two questions. Firstly, can you throw some light on what kind of contracts you 
must have entered starting of this year in both US and Europe? 
R. Mukundan: 
Let me just highlight broadly. On the US domestic front, contractually, we are more 
or less stable both in volume and pricing. On US exports, what we do see is, because 
of reset in prices sometimes quarterly sometimes semi-annually, we see a sharp 
erosion next year. Some of the material is going to China and we expect the blended 
erosion of approximately $100 on the export contribution and realization. 

 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, on domestic realizations, are they still closer to what realization we have 
delivered in the previous quarter? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, they will continue to be almost same, not a big shift and the contribution will 
remain almost same, whereas exports are where the erosion of contribution could 
be by approximately $100 per ton. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, it is still kind of a fixed pricing contract for the domestic business for the 2024 in 
US? 
R. Mukundan: 
Basically, for the full year, which means for the last quarter of this year and three 
quarters of the next year. 
Saurabh Jain: 
What is the situation in Europe, how are the contracts structured over there for this 
year? 
R. Mukundan: 
Europe is a bit of a different story. Broadly, while some customers are on the energy 
price adjustment and a longer-term duration, many customers have moved to what 
we call as a fixed pricing contract where the risk is with us and hence we have been 
very cautious about it. Our bigger issue there is the erosion in pricing is close to 
about £100 per ton. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Versus 2023? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, compared to previous year same period. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Average of previous year, right? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes. 
Saurabh Jain: 
So, what kind of margins do you think are more likely to come through in US and 
Europe for FY'25, any sort of guidance on that will be helpful? 
R. Mukundan: 
I would say that broadly the domestic should be stable in the US. The contribution 
number to be down by approximately about $100 for US exports; unless the pricing 
environment around the world improves, but this is the current situation. And in UK, 
I would say £100 compression in soda ash margin right across. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
One is on the US business, would it be possible to quantify maybe the profit lost 
during this quarter because of the 80,000 tons approximately of volumes that we 
lost? And also just to check, US domestic volumes seem to have fallen a lot more 
than the export volume this quarter. Any specific reason for that? 
R. Mukundan: 
While you are seeing the domestic as compared to the previous year, more or less 
if you look at a trailing quarter, it has almost been flat. So, we haven't seen any major 
shift there. There is an overall reduction in the market volumes, which is reflected in 
our volume. In terms of pricing, it is stable. Your first question was on the 80,000 
tons (as compared to Q3 FY23). Approximately, if you take about $130 or $150 of 
contribution, we are seeing an erosion of close to about $10 million on that account. 

 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Abhijit Akella: 
And also one question on how much of China's demand for soda ash comes out of 
the lithium and solar segments, if it might be possible to shed some light on that, and 
also whether you would have some projections for what it might be for India in the 
coming years? 
R. Mukundan: 
Can we come back to that a little later? We'll just get the data and we'll flash it to you 
during this call itself. [Answered later: ~2.75 million tons] 
Abhijit Akella: 
Okay, sure. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley.   
Vivek Rajamani: 
Sir, apologies if this was asked, but just in India it appears that the implied pricing 
and margins appear to have improved sequentially. Could you just talk about what 
has been different this quarter because all the literature seems to point that it's been 
a tough backdrop for this part of the world? 
R. Mukundan: 
In terms of overall situation, it is absolutely fine. Because of our contract structuring, 
we have benefited as compared to the rest of the pack. So, that's where it is. If you 
strictly go by the market position, we should be, as our own analysis shows the 
domestic industry is into contracting structures. Through that we've been able to 
protect and annualize number. I would say had we priced it at import parity versus 
where our contractual pricing was, there's a benefit of approximately Rs.100-odd 
crore, that's an internal working, but I don't want you to go by that. Broadly, it is all 
the result of the contracting structures. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
So, if I were to just get a clarification, going forward, should we kind of look at it from 
a sequential perspective or maybe just look at it from an annual perspective that at 
the end of the full year, you'll probably be more stable irrespective of what happens 
on a sequential basis depending on imports, exports, would that be a fair statement? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, sequentially, I think we should be there. I think that is a fair statement. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
And the second question was obviously I think you've spoken about the new 
contracts on the pricing and we've obviously seen meaningful erosion over there. I'm 
just wondering, given that we are in an environment of falling energy and all the other 
costs. Would you be able to offset some of this ASP declines by way of lower cost 
over the course of the year? 
R. Mukundan: 
On export, I did mention that the erosion for US exports is our understanding of 
where energy will land and so the pricing in the market, $100 erosion which I spoke 
about. So, it includes that. It's slightly lower than $100, but I'm saying for ease of 
discussion, we should just round it off to $100 and keep it there. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.   
S Ramesh: 
Sir, if we were to get some update on the Mongolia capacity addition, is there any 
update on that in terms of how much they've added and what is the progress likely 
on that 5 mt expansion there? 
R. Mukundan: 
The situation seems to be more or less static in the sense that the capacities which 
were supposed to come in, have come onstream and there have been some 
challenges for them in terms of reaching that capacity to market and quality as we 

 
Page 6 of 13 
 
mentioned. And overall, we think the China market remains either balanced or 
slightly short, which is why I also mentioned, this includes a blended sale to the 
Chinese market. US exports are headed to China only. But we think it will get 
balanced over a period of time. The real challenge for us has been coming from 
again, as I mentioned in the last call, from the Western Europe where we've lost 
about a million ton of demand and that million ton needs to find a home somewhere 
else, especially coming out of Turkey and which is depressing prices. So, we need 
to work our way through that. 
S Ramesh: 
Second thing is, if I look at your average inventory cost of coal, you would have got 
some benefit from the decline in coal from April. But what is the impact of the current 
increase in freight because of the Red Sea related crisis and do you see your input 
cost particularly for coal going up say over the next three, six months and would that 
squeeze your margins further in India? 
R. Mukundan: 
As I mentioned to the previous question, the margin in India sequentially is going to 
be stable. We have all the numbers. They're not impacting it overall. 
S Ramesh: 
What about the other markets like US and Europe, would the freight cost has any 
additional strain compared to what you have mentioned in terms of the erosion in 
margins? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, the erosion in margin includes part freight, part benefit in energy and also 
includes the reduction in prices. Put everything together is what creates the 
contribution number which I spoke about. So, it's all embedded inside there. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments.   
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in the India business, how much percentage would be in the 
contractual basis, short or long? 
Zarir Langrana: 
Quarterly contracts in India would be approximately 50% of our volume. 
Riya Mehta: 
And these are annual contracts or what would be their account? 
Zarir Langrana: 
Quarterly. 
Riya Mehta: 
In India, how are we seeing the demand side scenario? So, like you mentioned, this 
quarter we saw a 1% increase in demand. Going forward in the month of January, 
how are things getting? 
R. Mukundan: 
The demand challenge is deep in Western Europe and now because of the lithium 
prices, in the Latin American markets, but otherwise in Asian market it's not a 
demand problem, it is either growing or it is flat, but it's more a pricing problem here 
because of the excess supply coming in out of the lost demand in Western Europe. 
Riya Mehta: 
What would typically be the consumption in Europe and what has it reduced to, if we 
can get some numbers, loss of demand in Europe? 
R. Mukundan: 
It's about 6.5 mt or so. It's down to about 5.5 mt or so. 
  

 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Riya Mehta: 
What will be the current level of imports which are happening in India on that account 
like incremental? I think earlier it was around 60,000 to 70,000 tons were imported 
from outside. 
R. Mukundan: 
The incremental what would have been a normal run rate versus where we've 
entered the calendar year, I'm speaking is about the 600,000 tons addition. 
Riya Mehta: 
600,000 tons per annum incremental in India? 
R. Mukundan: 
It used to be between 200,000 to 250,000. I think we ended the calendar year with 
around 8,00,000 or 850,000 somewhere in between. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company.   
Saket Kapoor: 
Just a data point firstly, sir. You mentioned about $10 million hit on the bottom line 
on account of the lower sales from the US facility? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, approximately. I think that's what it comes to. Our contribution broadly is about, 
let's say $125 - $130 per ton, for 80,000 tons it is about $10 million. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And about the European part, what has exactly led to this contraction in demand in 
terms of the Western Europe which you are articulating to earlier reply and how are 
things going to shape up, this demand is permanently lost, or what is the nature of 
this contraction in demand if you could explain? 
R. Mukundan: 
In Western Europe most of the consumption industries are in stress. And this, in our 
view, if the current energy environment, if the current European environment 
continues, you could say in the medium term it is lost. So, effectively I don’t want to 
use the word, but European supply has to rationalize itself. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Just like the Solvay part, we will be seeing further rationalization of capacity going 
ahead to balance the market? 
R. Mukundan: 
I see many of the capacities not being able to survive with the current pricing and 
demand environment. So, it is going to be challenging for them. There will be certain 
rationalization, but I can't speak for the industry, I can only see the numbers headed 
there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Then next question is pertaining to the solar demand that is expected domestically 
for our country India. So, what are we currently anticipating and what are the fillers 
in terms of the solar lines that are envisaged to be set up in say two or three years 
down the line and the incremental demand in terms of million metric tons, that is 
expected out of this solar initiative taken by the Government of India? 
R. Mukundan: 
If you don't project too long, you just say what the incremental demand is going to 
come on stream on the announced lines which are currently being built and will be 
operational in about 18 months or 24 months, it's about   250,000 tons. And in China, 
the lithium plus solar demand is about, somebody had asked it before, it's about 2.75 
million tons. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, here it is 250,000 tons you have mentioned? 

 
Page 8 of 13 
 
R. Mukundan: 
In India, solar demand on the basis of announced projects, which are under 
implementation which should get commissioned in the next 24 months, in our 
estimation about 200,000 mt to 250,000 mt. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, this unabated import which is routing from Turkey will create more price 
distortion, I mean the prices will remain lower for a longer period of time, this should 
be a better understanding going ahead? 
R. Mukundan: 
I won't comment about the pricing, but all I can say is that on an overall basis, if the 
European rationalization of capacity gathers pace, it could be shorter. It'll depend 
fundamentally arising out of that because that's where the material will get absorbed. 
So, we have to just wait for those processes to continue during the year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sumant Kumar from Motilal Oswal.   
Sumant Kumar: 
Sir, you talked about the slowdown in lithium demand and we have seen a slowdown 
of EV sales in the developed countries. So, the way we are talking about lithium is 
going to have a more contribution in the battery side usage of soda ash. So, do you 
think the near-term or maybe mid-term challenges of slowdown in EV because of 
current scenario or there is a structural changes? 
R. Mukundan: 
The projects which are already commissioned will continue to run at whatever 
capacity they need to run because they're fully onstream. So, we don't see a 
reduction in demand because these are continuous process plans. And the current 
pricing of lithium, we see new capacity coming onstream getting impacted. They will 
find it challenging because the return on investment will be subdued for some time. 
So, they may just postpone. But we think this is not a long-term trend. We really don't 
believe it is a permanent situation. 
Sumant Kumar: 
Any alternate commodity which is going to replace lithium or some changes 
happening in the market? 
R. Mukundan: 
For mobility application today for passenger vehicles or light commercial vehicles 
and light vehicles, lithium is the best solution. For commercial segments, heavy truck 
segments hydrogen is the solution. And for stationary, there are many solutions 
including sodium and China has started to see some sodium chemistry come 
onstream. But these are in the early stages. 
Sumant Kumar: 
What is the sustainable EBITDA per ton for the US business we can see going 
forward?   
R. Mukundan: 
EBITDA usually should be delivering anywhere around $35 or $40, and in good times 
it could be higher, if times are bad, trends are down. I mean we've always maintained 
that the US business deliver EBITDA of about $100 million with the current capacity. 
So, either would be a little lower or a little higher depending on market. If the market 
environment is very positive it will deliver very high but the range around which we 
tend to observe the US operation is around that range. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.   
Ankur Periwal: 
Just a clarification. For the US business, especially domestic, you did mention that 
there are quarterly contracts there while the export business is largely on spot as I 
understand. Typically, we take a repricing of these contracts in December or in the 

 
Page 9 of 13 
 
month of January. A clarification here is whether the repricing has already happened 
or probably we'll see another repricing happening in this quarter which is January 
onwards. 
R. Mukundan: 
So, US domestic runs for the calendar year, which is starting January to December 
and the pricing has already happened. And as I mentioned, the average rate within 
the US is almost stable. Minor changes here or there may be there. If you adjust for 
energy and all other changes the unit is going to have, we will have stable margin. It 
is in exports that the coming quarter is likely to see $100 erosion. But going forward 
it depends on quarterly movements, which we have to wait and watch in the market. 
Ankur Periwal: 
We had lined up our capacity expansion in the US as well. Any change in the timeline 
there? I think we have mentioned earlier around 1, 1.5-year for those capacity to 
come up. But given the macro, any changes there? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, let me just explain the overall capacity expansion. In India the power plant is 
already commissioned, and it is already delivering steam and power to the system. 
So, the soda ash expansion should be finished by May of this year. So, those 
additional volumes will come. And salt also, we expect additional volume. Overall, 
we expect these capacities during the year would yield incremental numbers for the 
next fiscal year. And in India, we have started the detailed engineering and 
examining of another 300,000-odd tons, the work will commence shortly. In India, 
the basic engineering is complete for the next stage. We're going to go through 
detailed engineering. In US, the basic engineering work has commenced for the 
400,000 tons. And then, Kenya, the detailed engineering will also commence for their 
200,000 tons. So, for the two sites, the detailed engineering we will be commencing, 
now that we have the support of the Board, and the US has just moved forward with 
the basic engineering. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
You mentioned that there have been demand side challenges. How has been the 
capacity utilization across different geographies? And is there any issue in terms of 
excess inventories in the global system for soda ash? 
R. Mukundan: 
So, there is inventory in pockets. So, I’m not going to say where exactly it is, but I 
think if you see the capacity utilization of the industry as a whole, it is somewhere 
close to 90% utilization. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
That aggregates all across the geographies you’re considering, right? 
R. Mukundan: 
Correct. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
And the second question is in terms of different region wise demand challenges. So, 
are there any specific challenges in certain regions that the user segment demand 
is getting hampered, any cue? 
R. Mukundan: 
I mentioned in terms of demand side, the challenge is mainly in Western Europe, 
what we refer to as Europe, I think that's where the demand challenge is the highest. 
In the rest of the world, demand is either flat or the sentiment is flat. I mean we are 
probably at the bottom end of the curve everywhere. It's in Europe we need to be 
more watchful. 

 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities.   
Abhijit Akella: 
Two questions from me. One is just to clarify the US export price erosion of about 
$100. The reference point for that or the base is basically the third quarter which has 
just gone by or we are referring to last financial year as a whole or something? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, this is referencing what you have seen in the previous year fourth quarter. 
Abhijit Akella: 
Given the fact that US domestic contract prices seem to have corrected far less than 
export prices are, is that because basically the year ago period exports are at a 
significant premium versus the domestic market and now that gap is normalizing, is 
that how we should read? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, you could say that. Last year the export numbers were at a premium, but this 
year they are at a discount going forward. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley.   
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just two small clarifications. Just in Europe when you mentioned Europe is also 
seeing £100 per ton erosion compared to last year. This would be across the board 
or does Europe also have a concept of contracted and spot? 
R. Mukundan: 
I did mention that in the UK our business will see erosion of £100 broadly. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
So, would be across all the volumes, would that be fair? 
R. Mukundan: 
Across the UK business and the US export will be under GBP 100 and USD 100 
respectively. 
Vivek Rajamani: 
Just a second clarification was, in the presentation, you've given a figure of Rs.2,000 
crore of CAPEX from FY24 to FY'27. I just wanted to double check if this also 
includes the expansions that are coming up in India, US and Kenya? 
R. Mukundan: 
This is mainly India, which has been cleared. The US is going through basic 
engineering. We will come back to you with those numbers shortly. And Kenya, we 
have mentioned it is a CAPEX of about 20 or 25 million, but we will come back again 
because the detailed engineering is underway. This number is reflective of India. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities. 
S Ramesh: 
In terms of follow up, if I look at your future expansion, once the detailed engineering 
is complete, when do you expect to incur the CAPEX -- will it be from FY'26 or will 
you start from FY'25 second-half, any timeline you can give on how you will approach 
this? 
R. Mukundan: 
I would say given the experience of the team, once it is finished, we expect execution 
time of 24 to 30 months. 
S Ramesh: 
And the second thing is you have booked some savings in the power and fuel cost 
in India business. So, is that run rate which you see in third quarter likely to sustain 
in the fourth quarter and can sustain for FY'25 given the current cost structure? 

 
Page 11 of 13 
 
R. Mukundan: 
This is you're referring to consolidated? 
S Ramesh: 
No, India power and fuel. 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, in India, more or less, we would be having the same run rate because our 
contracts are more or less stable. 
S Ramesh: 
On the UK specialty salt, this pharma salt and other specialty salt, any indication you 
can give in terms of the volumes and the kind of pricing or delta in margins you can 
expect and when you can expect to see that in the UK P&L? 
R. Mukundan: 
The pharma salt project is under commissioning or close to getting commissioned 
fully. We expect the UK salt volumes which used to be around 75,000-odd tons 
probably will creep up to 80,000 to 85,000 tons. 
S Ramesh: 
This is per annum? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, I'm talking per quarter. 
S Ramesh: 
There is a 10,000 tons per quarter. 
R. Mukundan: 
Part of it will be pharma, part of it will get sold as technical because we have to 
develop the market. So, the pricing we will come back to maybe in the next call. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ramana Murty Malla from Ramana Murthy & 
Company.   
Ramana M Malla: 
Just couple of questions, One is this consumer related business for Tata Chemicals 
has been moved to Tata Consumer. Now, what is left is the subsidiary sectors are 
there, are there any plans to consolidate the domestic operations meaning the 
subsidiaries merging with the Tata Chemicals also as a part of cost rationalization? 
Second question is Rallis India remained small compared to competition. So, are 
there any plans to expand Rallis as an individual Company or are any plans to merge 
with Tata Chemicals to make a slightly bigger Company because part of business 
has already moved to Tata Consumer, so therefore, are there any plans to further 
consolidation in the Tata Chemicals? This will help the Company to grow and reduce 
the cost. 
R. Mukundan: 
Any listed or unlisted subsidiary, the Board takes a call from time-to-time. As far as 
Rallis is concerned, our intention is to support the management to grow that business 
and we will continue to support Rallis to achieve its true potential. That's all I can 
comment sitting on the Board of the Company. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Bhavin Soni from Anand Rathi.   
Bhavin Soni: 
Just needed a clarification on the capacity utilization figure that you had mentioned 
above. If you can just repeat it? 
R. Mukundan: 
Broadly they tend to be closer to 90%, I think whether it was 89% or 88%, we expect 
by the year finishes we will be close to that, and next year also, we expect a similar 
sort of a number. 
Bhavin Soni: 
And this is an each and every geo combined basis, right? 

 
Page 12 of 13 
 
R. Mukundan: 
This is on a global basis. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Riya Mehta from Aequitas Investments.   
Riya Mehta: 
My first question is in regards to the current expansion. We are doing around 1.85 
lakh MT in India for soda ash by H2 FY24, and over and above that, we are planning 
for another 300,000 tons. Is my understanding right? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, in terms of the expansion, what we are doing is close to230,000 tons to 250,000 
tons, and additional stream of about 300,000-odd tons which is under execution. 
Riya Mehta: 
So, by H2 FY24, we will be around that, we are currently at 12 and that only took 
15.5? 
R. Mukundan: 
We'll be slightly upward of 1 MT. 
Riya Mehta: 
We get 11 lakh tons right now? 
R. Mukundan: 
We are about 0.85 is effective utilization capacity. I think we'll go to 1.1 MT.  
Riya Mehta: 
By H2 FY24? 
R. Mukundan: 
That's correct. 
Riya Mehta: 
Are we planning any further price erosion in India business since the demand is like 
in low single digits and we are planning for expansion as well? 
R. Mukundan: 
No, I told already that the margin is expected to be maintained. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor & Company. 
Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
When we look at the power and fuel line item on a QoQ basis, that has gone up from 
Rs.650 to Rs.700 crore. Is this factoring in the US shut down, what explains this 
increase? 
 R. Mukundan: 
This is in terms of the gas pricing, oil consumption in Magadi and energy costs in UK 
all put together, which is where the hedging of these commodities have come off and 
now they’re paying the full market price. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So, this will be the run rate going ahead also keeping the capacity utilization levels 
at the current level? 
R. Mukundan: 
Broadly we should track in that range between Rs.650 and Rs.700 Crs for the 
utilization levels. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Saurabh Jain from HSBC.   
Saurabh Jain: 
One clarification is that there was a disruption that you mentioned in the US business 
for Q3. Are all the disruptions sorted in the fourth quarter and would it be a more 
normalized quarter from volumes point of view? 

 
Page 13 of 13 
 
R. Mukundan: 
Our shutdown got extended by about three or four days more than what we planned, 
which was accounting for 50% of the loss for us. The balance 50% has been because 
of the rail car shortages.  As I mentioned, we are working with Union Pacific and 
other logistics service providers. That's always a challenge because it is not fully 
within our control, but we are hopeful it will not continue. They've also done the 
needful to sort of support the industry. 
Saurabh Jain: 
Also, can you give some comments around how the headwinds in bicarb business if 
at all in terms of demand absorption and also how is the profitability, how does it look 
like in the bicarb business, some comments on that side will be helpful? 
R. Mukundan: 
In bicarb and in salt we are not seeing any such challenges. It is mainly in the soda 
ash business. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum Broking.   
Rohit Nagraj: 
Sir, we have seen last year China was coming out with capacity in Inner Mongolia 
and they have further plans to expand the capacity next year as well. So, will that 
reflect in terms of benign price environment in 2024 and '25, so any color on the 
same? 
R. Mukundan: 
As I mentioned even in the last quarter, I think we are actually focused on what's 
going to unfold in Europe and we remain focused on that because the challenging 
part of the world is actually in Western Europe and hopefully the issues are 
addressed, the rest of the world probably should rationalize. 
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is in terms of the lithium battery space. I think earlier a couple of 
years ago we had indicated that we will be putting up a lithium battery recycling plant. 
Any progress on that front? And beyond that or do we have any other area which we 
are looking at from a battery space except for supplying say soda ash from the lithium 
carbonate manufacturing perspective? 
R. Mukundan: 
Yes, we are engaged with our Group Company, Agratas. And as I said, as and when 
we have any finalized plan, we'll come back. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we'll take that as the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you. 
R. Mukundan: 
Thank you. So, I just wanted to say that we did face a fairly challenging quarter and 
most of the challenges have been met positively by the management team, but we 
remain focused on our long-term strategy. We think while the short term challenges 
remain, the long term future of all the parts of our businesses is positive. So, our 
growth plans are continuing at pace as planned before. And fairly, I just want to say 
that even though we know that the next few quarters will be challenging, we will 
continue to focus on what we can control, which is our customer engagement, fixed 
cost and cost competitiveness and paydown of debt and at the same time remain 
focused on long term. Thank you. 
  
