CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
B-1601-1602, B-wing Mondeal Heights, Iskcon Cross Road, S. G. Highway, Ahmedabad-380015, Gujarat. 
Phone : +91-79-68138700  Fax : +91-79-68138725 CIN No.: L24230GJ1984PLC007440  
Email ID: complianceofficer@concordbiotech.com 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Regd. Office & Plant : 1482-1486, Trasad Road, Dholka, Dist. Ahmedabad-382225. (India) 
Phone : +91-2714-222604, 398200  Fax : +91-2714-222504 Website : www.concordbiotech.com 
February 16, 2024 
To 
The Manager, LisƟng Department 
NaƟonal Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Plot No. C/1 G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
Mumbai -400 051 
Symbol: CONCORDBIO 
To 
General Manager, LisƟng Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejabhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543960 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am,  
 
Subject: Transcripts of Q3 & 9M FY24 Earnings call held on February 09, 2024 
 
In conƟnuaƟon of our leƩer dated February 09, 2024 regarding Audio recording of the Unaudited 
(Standalone and Consolidated) Financial Results of the company for the Third Quarter and Nine months 
ended December 31, 2023, Earnings call for Investors and Analysts and pursuant to RegulaƟon 30 (6) of 
the SEBI (LisƟng ObligaƟons and Disclosure Requirements) 2015, the transcripts of the Earnings call for 
the said period enclosed herewith and available on the website of the company at the following link aŌer 
sending this leƩer to you. Also please note that this transcript and the audio recording of the call, both 
have been uploaded on our website as follows:  
 
hƩps://www.concordbiotech.com/investors  
 
Kindly take the same into your records and oblige. 
 
Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully 
  
For Concord Biotech Limited 
 
 
 
Prakash Sajnani 
Company Secretary and Compliance Oﬃcer 
M. No. F6242 
Encl: as above 
PRAKASH 
LALCHAND SAJNANI
Digitally signed by PRAKASH 
LALCHAND SAJNANI 
Date: 2024.02.16 12:01:50 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Concord Biotech Limited 
Q3 & 9M ’ FY 24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 09, 2024 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE - This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on 9th February, 2024 will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SUDHIR VAID – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR – CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. ANKUR VAID – JOINT MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – CONCORD BIOTECH 
LIMITED 
MR. LALIT SETHI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
MR. PRAKASH SAJNANI – COMPLIANCE OFFICER AND 
ASSISTANT VICE PRESIDENT, ACCOUNTS & FINANCE– 
CONCORD BIOTECH LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAGAR SHROFF – STRATEGIC GROWTH ADVISORS 
(SGA) 
 
 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Concord Biotech Limited Q3 and 9 months 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. Before we begin, I would like to point out that this conference 
call may contain forward looking statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 
Kindly note that all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sagar Shroff from Strategic Growth Advisors. Thank you 
and over to you Mr. Shroff. 
Sagar Shroff: 
Thank you Neerav. Good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us on the Q3 and 9 
months FY24 earnings conference call for Concord Biotech Limited. Today we are joined by 
Mr. Sudhir Vaid, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Ankur Vaid, Joint Managing Director 
and CEO, Mr. Lalit Sethi, Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Prakash Sajnani, Compliance Officer 
and AVP Accounts & Finance. The Company has uploaded its financial results and investor 
presentation on the company's website and stock exchanges. I hope everybody had an 
opportunity to go through the same. We will begin the call with opening commentary by the 
management followed by a Q&A session. 
 
I would now like to invite Mr. Sudhir Vaid, Chairman and Managing Director for Concord 
Biotech Limited to give his opening remarks. Over to you sir. 
Sudhir Vaid: 
Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us on our Q3 and 9 months FY24 earnings conference 
call. We are happy to report a healthy financial and operational performance for 9 months ended 
December 23. 
 
While our revenue for Q3 FY24 was flat, our revenues for 9 months FY24 grew by 20% over 
the same period last year. Reported EBITDA and PAT grew by 39% and 43% respectively on a 
year-on-year basis for 9MFY24. Over the years, Concord has developed substantial expertise in 
the area of fermentation, enabling us to innovate and introduce a varied spectrum of 
fermentation-based pharmaceutical API for the pharmaceutical industry in the field of 
immunosuppressant, oncology, anti-infective and antifungal. 
 
Fermentation process is very intricate, requires specialized manufacturing capabilities, expertise 
in working with micro-organisms, precise control of diverse process parameters and 
implementation of multiple downstream purification process. Concord has established itself as 
a market leader in fermentation-based biopharmaceutical APIs for immunosuppressant, 
alongside diversifying into the field of oncology, anti-infective, antifungal segments, a strategic 
move that can mitigate risk and open new opportunities for growth. Having a comprehensive 
product portfolio and continuous new product addition will serve as a significant advantage. 
 
This not only showcases Concord's expertise and presence across the spectrum, but also 
positions us as a one-stop solution provider of fermentation-based APIs. We are also exploring 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
opportunities for CDMO projects to accelerate our growth journey. Beyond our technical 
expertise, we manage very expansive and sophisticated manufacturing facilities with a proven 
history of securing regulatory approvals and adhering to compliance standards. 
 
In this context, I would like to highlight that recently, ANVISA, that is, Brazilian Health 
Regulatory Agency, conducted a successful inspection of our Unit 1 API facility with no adverse 
remarks. These regulatory approvals across geographies positions us to cater to both regulated 
and unregulated markets. Our strong research and development capabilities, supported by an in-
house R&D team, have been instrumental in commercializing high-quality, cost-effective 
products efficiently. 
 
Being backwardly integrated with the manufacturing of key starting materials also provides a 
distinct competitive advantage. This vertical integration can contribute to cost efficiencies, 
quality control, and a more streamlined production process. It also enhances our ability to 
manage supply chain effectively, ensuring a steady and reliable source of key essential materials. 
 
Overall, having state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities, global regulatory approvals, R&D and 
manufacturing expertise, along with backward integration, positions Concord as a well-rounded 
and resilient player in the manufacturing of fermentation-based pharmaceutical APIs and 
finished formulations. By leveraging on these strengths, Concord expects to launch new products 
across different therapeutic segments and, therefore, well-poised to expand its presence in global 
markets, therefore contributing to sustainable growth and success. 
 
From ESG's standpoint, I would like to highlight that Concord was also awarded with a Bronze 
Rating by Eco Vadis in 2023. Thus, by maintaining a focus on sustainability, ethical practices, 
and staying abreast of evolving industry trends, Concord will further enhance its standing in the 
market. In the end, I would like to convey my thanks to all our partners, associates, and investors 
for their continued support. 
 
With this, I hand over the call to Mr. Ankur Vaid, Joint Managing Director and CEO of Concord 
Biotech Limited. Thank you.  
Ankur Vaid: 
Thank you Sir, 
Let me begin with performance for the quarter, followed by strategies going forward. We are 
pleased to announce our performance for Quarter 3 and 9month FY24, and our outlook remains 
optimistic, aligning with our long-term guidance of CAGR growth of 25% over the period of 
five years. During Quarter 3 FY24, our revenues stood at INR 241 crores, which is similar to 
the same quarter last year. However, our 9-month FY24 revenues grew by 20% year-on-year 
basis, driven by a 7% increase in API revenues and a 156% surge in formulation revenues 
compared to the corresponding period last year. 
 
I would emphasize to assess our financial results on an annualized basis rather than quarterly. 
This is because there could be fluctuations on quarter-on-quarter basis, resulting in some quarters 
experiencing higher procurement than others. Some of the reasons for the fluctuations are 
changes in customer procurement pattern, sales spill over to subsequent months due to 
approvals, and Red Sea disruptions. Therefore, a more accurate assessment of our performance 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
is best achieved by analysing the medium- to long-term trends rather than short-term quarterly 
variations. 
 
Speaking of the specific highlights, we are delighted to announce that the Brazilian Health 
Regulatory Agency, which is ANVISA, conducted a successful inspection of our Unit 1, API 
facility in Dholka in January with no adverse remarks. This achievement is expected to open up 
new opportunities in different regions and attract more customers in Brazil for our API products. 
Simultaneously, we are actively pursuing applications and registrations in various emerging and 
regulated markets to introduce our extensive product range. 
 
Presently, we have secured four ANDAs for six products from the US FDA and have also filed 
new ANDAs. We are also in the process of submitting additional dossiers across different 
territories. Furthermore, the approvals obtained from regulated markets serve as a solid 
foundation for securing approvals in emerging markets, facilitating quicker approval process, 
and enabling us to establish a stronger presence in those markets. 
 
This perspective focuses on our geographical expansion efforts. On the product front, we 
currently offer a portfolio of 24 products spanning across immunosuppressant, oncology, anti-
infective, and antifungal fermentation-based APIs. Our strategic plan involves introducing 
approximately 8 to 10 additional products over the next three years, especially in the field of 
oncology and anti-infective, contributing to our sustained long-term revenue growth. 
 
In the coming few months, we expect to commercialize a couple of these APIs. In tandem with 
product expansion, we are actively acquiring new customers across different regions. 
Simultaneously, we aim to enhance our market share among existing customers by offering a 
comprehensive range of fermentation-based products, thereby diversifying our product offerings 
and strengthening our position in the market. 
 
Speaking of our formulation business, it has experienced notable success, gaining increased 
acceptance of our products among customers across regions. Our formulation business has 
demonstrated strong performance with an increase of 190% for Q3 FY24 on a Y-on-Y basis. We 
have an on-ground team of over 150 members in sales and marketing across India for our 
formulation business. 
 
And with addition in our product portfolio, we are optimistic of expanding our customer base in 
the years ahead. Our strategic focus involves targeting the domestic and emerging markets for 
our formulation business, with limited presence in the regulated markets. The formulation 
business is in a continuous state of development, and we anticipate significant growth in terms 
of both products and customers, contributing to our overall success from a medium-to-long-term 
perspective. 
 
We are progressing as planned for commercial production of our injectable facility in the first 
quarter of the fiscal year 2025. Once operational, this facility will enable us to offer a 
comprehensive range of formulation products, including oral solid dosage and injectable, 
positioning us as the preferred vendor for our customers. This strategic initiative is poised to 
enhance our market presence across various geographies significantly. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
We have also articulated our intentions to venture into the CDMO business. We are currently 
actively engaging with innovators and large generic players, submitting RFQs and positioning 
ourselves as a viable partner by leveraging our expertise and manufacturing capacities and 
capabilities. The successful implementation of any CDMO project has the potential to contribute 
substantial volumes and revenues to our growth trajectory, allowing us to accelerate our growth. 
 
However, it is currently premature to provide any specific timeline for these endeavours. We 
will keep you informed on any developments in this regard. It's important to note that our outline 
growth targets do not currently account for this opportunity. 
 
Successfully tapping into the CDMO business could significantly expedite our growth journey. 
Finally, we remain mindful of our ESG initiatives. We are delighted to inform that Concord has 
achieved Bronze rating in 2023 by Eco Vadis, one of the world's most trusted business 
sustainability rating agency.   
This recognition reaffirms our commitment to environmental responsibility and sustainable 
business practices contributing to positive global impacts. Going forward, we maintain 
confidence in our growth strategies, including the emphasis on deeper market penetration, 
acquiring new customers, and introducing innovative molecules in niche categories.  
With this, I hand over the call to Lalit Sethi, our Chief Financial Officer for Finance and 
Operational Performance. Thank you. 
Lalit Sethi: 
Thank you, sir. Let me take you through the financial and operational performance for the quarter 
and 9 months ended December 2023. On the revenue front, our revenue for the quarter 3 of this 
financial year '24 stood at INR 240.8 crores as compared to INR 240.7 crores in the quarter 3 of 
the last financial year. As highlighted earlier, it will be prudent to look at the company on an 
annualized basis rather than comparing on a quarter-to-quarter basis on account of lumpiness in 
the revenues. 
 
Revenues for the 9 months in this financial year stood at INR 698 crores as compared to INR 
581 crores in the same period last year, which represents a growth of 20% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
Revenues from the API business stood at INR 562.6 crores for 9 months this financial year as 
compared to INR 527.7 crores in the 9 months, financial year 2023.  
Revenues from formulation business stood at INR 68.5 crores as compared to INR 23.5 crores 
in quarter 3, financial year '23, a stellar growth of 191%. Formulation revenue for the 9 months 
of this financial year stood at INR 135.4 crores, a growth of 156% on a Y-o-Y basis. The split 
between the API and formulation sales for the 9 months stood at 81% and 19% respectively in 
line with our guidance. 
 
Domestic revenues for the quarter stood flat with exports growing by 1% Y-o-Y. Domestic 
revenues for the 9 months financial year '24 increased by 25% Y-o-Y and exports grew by 15% 
for the same period.  
Speaking on EBITDA, reported EBITDA for quarter 3, in this financial year stood at INR 106 
crores as compared to INR 112 crores in the same period last year. EBITDA for the 9 months of 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
this financial year stood at INR 297 crores which represents a growth of 39% on a Y-o-Y basis 
from INR 214 crores in the 9 months last year.  
Reported EBITDA margin for 9 months financial year '24 stood at 42.6% as compared to 36.9% 
for the same period last year which represents an increase of 570 bps. Margin for the quarter 
stood at 44% as compared to 46.4% in Q3 financial year '23. EBITDA, including share of profit 
from the joint venture, stood at INR 303 crores with a margin of 43.4% in the 9 months financial 
year 2024.  
On the profit after tax, our profit after tax for the quarter 3 financial year '24 stood at INR 77.6 
crores as compared to INR 77.4 crores in the quarter 3 financial year 2023. Profit after tax for 
the 9 months financial year '24 stood at INR 213.1 crores as compared to INR 148 crores in the 
9 months financial year '23 which represents a growth of 43% on a Y-o-Y basis. 
 
PAT margins for the quarter 3 FY'24 stood at 32.2% as compared to 32.1% in quarter 3 financial 
year 2023. PAT margins for the 9 months financial year '24 stood at 30.5%, a growth of 490 bps 
on a Y-o-Y basis. As on 31st December 2023, we are a debt free company. 
With this, I shall now leave the floor open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Hussain from Ambit Asset Management. Please go ahead. 
Hussain: 
Hi, thank you for taking my question. So, my question was on API revenue. If we look at our 
company revenue on a 9-month basis, we are growing at 20%.  However, API revenue is up like 
around 6% to 7%. So, could you highlight what is the reason for this? And also, if you could 
help us understand that what is or how the growth trend is excluding the key molecules, the top 
seven molecules? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Sure. So, we are seeing good growth overall in the API business. There were certain spill overs 
of certain key molecules into the subsequent months because of certain reasons. And these were 
relatively high-volume sale numbers for different reasons, because of which it got spilled over 
into the subsequent quarter. But if I look at it from an overall perspective, we see good growth 
within the API segment.  
And talking about how the split is between the different therapeutic segments. On a 9-month 
basis, we have seen the dependency on the immunosuppressant portfolio going down by close 
to 3% than what it was last year. And much of that has been gained through our increase in sales 
in the oncology followed by the anti-infective segment and then the antifungal segment. So, we 
are seeing good growth in all the therapeutic segments. But as more molecules are coming in the 
newer therapeutic segments, which ex-immunosuppressant, there is more growth happening in 
that segment. 
Hussain: 
Understood. Thank you. And my last question is basically on the formulation revenue. So would 
it be possible for you to give a breakup as to how much of it would be from India certainly? And 
also, can you help understand the formulation business in India? Because if my understanding 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
is correct, I believe that largely all hospitals sales or tender sales, so if you would just provide 
an overview on the India formulation business. Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, we don't give a geographical segmentation for the formulations. But yes, India and emerging 
markets are the key markets for us. We have limited presence in the regulated markets. And the 
India business for us has grown very well. 
 
Particularly, the transplant or the immunosuppressant division, because we've been there in that 
segment for now close to five, six years. And I would say that we are the only company right 
now, which is having the full integration right from API to formulation, supplying from USFDA 
approved facility with full BA/BE studies. So, our quality is of very high standards. 
 
And that's something that the doctors and the medical fraternity and the patients appreciate 
because of which we've been growing so aggressively in the India market. Of course, being all 
manufacturers, we are catering not only to the corporate hospitals, but also to the tenders. The 
critical care division of ours is also doing very well. 
 
And we are very optimistic that with own manufacturing coming in, over a medium-term 
perspective, we are going to see similar high level growth in the injectable once we become own 
manufacturing on some of the specialized injectable products. 
Hussain: 
Okay. Thank you. That's it from me. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alka from Baroda BNP Paribas. Please go ahead. 
Alka: 
Just if you can share your views on your oncology Everolimus traction going forward, how do 
you see and how it has been on the 9 months and how do you see full year or the next one to two 
years? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, I will not be able to comment on a product on product sales, how we are seeing that. But of 
course, you know, we have approvals in place now, both from U.S. as well as Europe. We have 
been granted CEP also for Everolimus in Europe. 
 
So, there is a lot of growth prospects. And with ANVISA, Everolimus was also one of the 
products that was covered. So, with us getting global regulatory approvals and with our filings 
in global markets, we are in discussion with global customers in terms of how we can collaborate 
and co-operate with them on this molecule. So, in terms of capacity, we have enough capacity 
to cater to the global requirements and with the regulatory approvals in place and few coming 
in, you know, we are well poised to capture a large market share on this product as well, like the 
others. 
Alka: 
Okay, fair enough. And also, if you can just, broadly, if you can share, how has the new customer 
revenue share been for the 9 months? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, we have added new customers, close to 54 customers have been added in the 9 months 
period. But, we do not categorize it between what's the sales coming from new customers vis-a-
vis, from the existing customers. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Alka: 
Okay, no problem. So, can we assume that it's a blend of both the new customer plus your 
existing ones? 
Ankur Vaid: 
That's correct. 
Alka: 
Okay, thank you and all the best. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citi Group. Please go ahead. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, in the last 9 months, we have grown, our top line has grown 
by around close to 20%, right? So, any updated guidance for, let's say, how to look at FY '24 
and '25 numbers in terms of growth, though we continue to maintain around 25% kind of long 
term guidance, but it would be super helpful if we can share some near term trends as well? 
Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, we have mentioned that we will grow at a CAGR of 25% over the next five years. And 
during our previous calls as well, we discussed that, this is a journey from where our historical 
CAGR of 18% to our target of 25%. 
Because during this five years, there are going to be different, milestones that will be achieved, 
whether it is, the utilization of Capacities or the commercialization of the injectable plant, us 
getting new products commercialized, getting more penetration, into the different geographies 
with our existing products. 
 
So, this is a journey that is going to go from 18% to the 25%. And, all the growth levers are well 
in place to take us through that journey. Talking about how do we see this year? I would say 
that, we have a good order position, and we have, orders flowing in. 
 
But I will not be able to give you a guidance in terms of what that number would be by the end 
of  this  year. But definitely, it will be higher than the historical growth and towards that journey 
of 25%. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Thanks, Ankur. And would you like to share how the pricing has behaved for the top four, five 
products, especially in the API segment? And what is your contribution of the top five products 
as a percentage of revenue has moved over the last 9 months? Thank you. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, pricing for us, on a customer, on a customer basis has been relatively stable. And, you know, 
we've not seen any significant price erosions. However, if one would see at a blended level, 
because of new customer acquisitions, there could be possibilities of, getting newer customers 
who have a much larger, opportunity to kind of give relatively better pricing than what 
historically is to others. So, basically, just more about price versus the volume. But to most of 
our existing customers, it's been relatively stable for us. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
So, just to clarify that, the new customers that you're adding, that are coming at relatively higher 
price, so even for the same products? 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Ankur Vaid: 
No, no. So, again, it's a blend, because if they are newer customers, but having relatively smaller 
volumes, then the price points are different versus a new player who has a substantial big market 
share, they are able to command a better pricing, than the others. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Understood. Thank you. And your share of API to formulation mix. So, what is the current share 
in Q3? And how we should expect this to move, let's say, over the next couple of years? 
Lalit Sethi: 
In Q3, it's 81% from the API and 19% is from the formulation. And going forward, we are 
expecting to have the 80-20 kind of a contribution from API and formulation. 
Vivek Agarwal: 
Okay, thank you. Yes, I have a couple of more questions. I will join back to queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vineeth Lambu from HSBC, please go ahead. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
So, the API revenues had like some orders has been spilled over to subsequent months. You 
expect Q4 to be more than average in API segments.  
Ankur Vaid: 
You see, I would put it in a way that if you are going to grow with a historical CAGR, and the 
split is going to remain 80-20, definitely, there is any variance on the API percentage growth, 
that would get taken care of. So, as I said that, you know, we expect good sales in the API in 
this quarter as well. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
Okay. And the next question is what would be the sustainable growth rate in the formulation 
business? Because it has grown like 150% over 9 months, right? Like, what would you expect 
it to be measured? Because the base is also increased. So, what growth rate you are expecting? 
So, then maybe one or two quarter view, but maybe one year view or two years view? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes. So, you know, formulation for us started in 2016. And we got our ANDAs approval around 
2019-2020, based on which we started taking this dossier into the global markets. 
 
And that's when COVID hit. So, '21-'22 and '22-'23 was more of a dry period or where we got 
less approvals. But now, since the approvals have started flowing in, you know, that's getting 
translated into business for us. 
 
And that is the result of why we are seeing such high growth in the formulation business. But as 
we've mentioned earlier, that going forward, we have growth levers in place that, you know, 
while the percentage growth within the formulation segment could be relatively slightly higher. 
Because the base is smaller compared to the API, but the split between the two is going to remain 
more or less 80-20. Therefore, we expect to have 25% five-year CAGR, And that's you could 
break it down at the formulation level as well. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
One last question. And as you said, the commercialization in the injectable would be starting in 
quarter one FY25, right? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Vineeth Lambu: 
So, what would be the average revenue run rate for the FY25 or FY26? What is the expected 
revenue generation? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, FY25 is going to see the commercialization of the injectable plant. We're going to take 
validation batches and then go ahead, after stability, go with the filing in the emerging markets. 
So, from an emerging market perspective, this is more of a medium-term business opportunity 
because it will take some time before we get access in the emerging markets. 
However, our sales to the India market with integration would start by the middle of the next 
financial year once we have enough stability data with us to start supplying in the Indian market. 
And again, from an India perspective, once we have two years of manufacturing certification, 
we would also be able to get access to the government tenders. 
 
So, the injectable piece is more of a medium-term to long-term opportunity. And that's where, it 
kind of also answers the question that Vivek had asked earlier, that, you know, growing from 
18% to 25% on a CAGR basis, this is going to be one of the pieces that would also play out its 
role when we are at a medium-term phase. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
Last one. So, you think, like, from FY26, the injectable would be adding meaningfully, revenue-
wise? 
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes, it would start adding, it would start contributing to the overall number. It would start slowly 
because we would start getting access to the emerging markets. But as time will progress, then 
our sales would keep increasing over the years. But we should see some good sales coming in 
FY26. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
And you expect the margins to be the overall, like, 40%, around 40% for the injectable, or if you 
can give me some range on that? 
Ankur Vaid: 
It's, little too early to say, because, again, you know, things change in a span of one and a half, 
two years. But I would say that being an integrated player on the API, having our own 
manufacturing, definitely, we'll be able to get a much better share of the market. 
And the margins in the injectable is relatively better compared to the oral solid dosage. So, I 
expect that compared to oral solid dosage margins, our margins should be relatively better off. 
Vineeth Lambu: 
Okay, thank you. That's it from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harsh Bhatia from Bandhan Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Hi, Ankur. Just to pick up on the previous question from the injectable perspective, if you could 
help us understand. So, I understand the trajectory in terms of first targeting the domestic 
business, as well as the emerging markets.  
So, at least if you could help us understand the number of products that we would be sort of 
targeting for the next one or two year period, plus the therapies that we are looking at. I 
understand that the adjustable market might be a little bit difficult to give out. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
But if you could help us understand the range on a broader basis for the domestic market as well 
as the emerging market, like, overall size of which is $500 million on a global scale basis? Or it 
could be close to, let's say, a billion dollars, anything from that front. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, you know, a little early for us to give the addressable market. But talking about the products, 
we would have close to around 8 to 10 products that we initially intend to go with. And most of 
those are backwardly integrated products. 
 
So, where we are, the API manufacturers, again, at the API front, as I say that there are not many 
API manufacturers for these fermentation APIs, which are in the anti-infective, anti-fungal 
space. So, having this full integration approach definitely would play to our advantage. And with 
that, we should be in a position to get a larger market share over a period of time. 
 
And all these products are going to be the dry powder, liquid injection, bulk lyophilisation 
products, which are typically going to be within the anti-infective, anti-fungal space.  So far we 
have been only manufacturing non-sterile APIs, but we have also put in a provision here for 
manufacturing sterile bulk APIs. 
So, this was something that we used to lose as an opportunity, because at times, sterile 
fermentation API products, we were not able to do, which maybe some other suppliers were able 
to do from other parts of the world. But now that we would have the provision of supplying 
sterile bulk APIs from this new facility as well, this would also open gateways, not only at the 
formulation level, but also at the sterile API supply levels. 
So, very optimistic. And that is something that could happen relatively faster than getting 
approvals in the formulation level. So just wanted to share that that's also a good opportunity 
that we see in this space. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Look, from an FY '26 perspective, we should be building in the fields of both the injectable 
formulations as well as the sterile bulk APIs as well.  
Ankur Vaid: 
Yes. 
Harsh Bhatia: 
Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Bhavesh Gandhi from Yes Securities. Please, go 
ahead. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
Thanks for the opportunity. One question from my side. Recently, if I look at the approvals, then 
one Chinese company got an approval for Tacrolimus extended release capsules, whereas the 
product which we have is IP-linked and oral capsules. So, does this create any impact on our 
Tacrolimus franchisee, this kind of approval for the extended release version of the product? 
That's it from my side. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, no, it does not. Because from an API perspective, it does not create any concerns to us. As a 
matter of fact, they could potentially become a customer to us because we are also registering 
our Tacrolimus in China as it is already there in other parts of the world. So maybe in the future, 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
they could be a potential customer to us. But that being said, from a formulation perspective, 
there is no concern. 
 
And from our own formulation, we have not there in that particular formulation product. Again, 
do not see any concern. So, not from API or formulation that I see any concern there. 
Bhavesh Gandhi: 
Yes. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Alankar Garude from Kotak Institutional Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Alankar Garude: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Sir, first question, how has been the ramp up in utilization of 
the Limbasi facility? 
Lalit Sethi: 
Limbasi facility is now been operating at 36.78% for the 9 months period, as compared to 
26.77% in the same period last year. 
Alankar Garude: 
Thank you, sir. So, then if I look at the 7% year on year growth in the API segment in 9 months, 
would it be fair that our blended pricing is down in high single digits compared to 9 month 
FY23? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No I'll give you an example that, there was a good amount of inventory that we are  sitting in 
our WIP this year, that while capacity utilization happened, we were not able to sell to that 
customer because the customer wanted, material from the entire batch instead of smaller batches 
that we were giving and they needed regulatory approval, internal approvals from their quality 
teams. 
 
So, that at the end of the year, we were sitting actually on a significant larger inventory, although 
the capacity utilization number shows that, but that did not get translated into sales for us. So, 
there have been some examples because of this, I spoke about the Red Sea disruption. So, when 
we sell our finished formulations to certain markets, they are on CIF basis. 
 
So, while the product were shipped from our facility, it did not get translated into sales for us 
because instead of 30 day period, now it is taking closer to 45- 50 days time period. So, while 
the utilization numbers show a very different picture, somehow it has not got translated into the 
sales number. But from a pricing perspective, as I said that the new customers, the pricings for 
some of the customers have been relatively on the lower side because of the volumes that they 
are looking at. 
 
And in certain cases, the prices have been more or less in line with what our historic prices has 
been. So, again, it is very, case to case basis if I put it. 
Alankar Garude: 
Understood, Ankur. So, I mean, basically, then the assumption is while we have seen some 
growth in volumes, despite all the issues you pointed out, possibly on a blended basis, pricing 
could be down slightly on a year-on-year basis. 
Ankur Vaid: 
That's correct. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, fine. 
Ankur Vaid: 
In some of the molecules, we could see some bit of pricing, which could be slightly lower, not 
as significant, but it could be slightly lower compared to what historical it was. But since these 
new customers do not account for a very significant portion of the total volume, that number is 
going to be very less. But, if we would talk maybe in a percentage term, it is going to be 
marginally lower. 
 
But yes, I would have to come back to you, but it could be slightly lower on a blended number. 
Alankar Garude: 
Fair enough. The second question, Ankur, is now with Limbasi coming in, it has been more than 
two years now. Are you starting to see some kind of traction in your interaction with clients, 
which will enable you to get a higher market share, particularly for your key products, for 
example, Tacrolimus or Cyclosporine. 
 
And I am not talking specifically about 9-month FY24, but in general, have those discussions 
started? Where are we in that process, if you could just highlight that? 
Ankur Vaid: 
So I think in these one and a half, two years, Alankar, we have moved quite aggressively in 
terms of getting this new facility into our existing Customers DMF So with the getting approvals 
from the US FDA, Japanese PMDA, and other regulatory authorities, customers have started 
accepting this site into their ANDAs or into their dossiers. And that is the reason why we are 
seeing that kind of a ramp up in the capacity utilization growing from 26% to 36%. 
 
Now, of course, we are also working on a lot of new molecules as well. So, the kind of 
discussions that we are having with customers is not only with respect to our existing APIs, but 
also with respect to the new APIs that we are developing. So, those are the kind of discussions 
that are now happening, not only with the existing, but also on the new molecules that we are 
looking at. 
Alankar Garude: 
Sure, thanks. And maybe one quick one. Similar to Limbasi, can you also share the utilization 
levels for Dholka and Valthera? 
Lalit Sethi: 
From Dholka, it is from 75% to 79%. And Valthera, it's around from 18% to 17.71%. 
Alankar Garude: 
Okay, thank you, sir. All the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vatsal Sheth from Upswing Investments. Please go 
ahead. 
Vatsal Sheth: 
Hi, sir. Thank you for getting me on the board. So, my first question is that, how do you see the 
issue of Red Sea currently? So, do you foresee any kind of major challenges going ahead? 
Because Concord Biotech's revenues, a lot of revenues dependent on exports. So, how do you 
address the situation of Red Sea going forward? 
 
And number two, we have seen a quarter and quarter dip on the API segments, no doubt because 
of the spill overs. So, how do you see that spill overs getting back into the business? 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, on the Red Sea, I would say that majority of our exports happen by air only. It is only with 
respect to our formulation sales that, we end up using the sea as a route. So, and that's where I 
said that, because of the nature of our terms with the customer, FOB or CIF, we are seeing some 
impact in the revenue recognition, because it takes slightly longer time than the usual to kind of 
get it realized in our sales. 
 
So, that's one. Maybe from an import perspective, what we are doing is we are just trying to 
closely monitor the situation and also see that how we can do relatively better planning on maybe 
some of the few imports that we do. Of course, we are not dependent much on the imports. 
 
Most of our raw material procurement happens from within India, but if there are a few items 
that are imported, we have to closely monitor the situation and do a better planning so that it 
does not impact us. So, those are the only two areas where we see some impact happening. 
And this is basically kind of delaying the recognition for us, particularly with respect to the 
formulations. It's how we look at things. 
Vatsal Sheth: 
Okay. Thank you. My question is answered. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Ashish from JM Financial. Please, go ahead. 
Ashish: 
Yes, thanks. So, Ankur, when you say that over the next five years, we see a revenue figure of 
around 25%, does this number also include the CDMO opportunity? 
Ankur Vaid: 
No. 
Ashish: 
Okay. Fair enough. And secondly, on this injectable, so we have spent almost around INR 200 
crores on building this facility. So, what kind of asset turns are you guys envisaging, and over 
what timeframe you feel this facility can achieve a 70%-80% utilization? 
Lalit Sethi: 
Normally, in injectable kind of a business, the asset turn is to the extent of around 2.5 to 3 times. 
And it takes around three to four years' time to, take the capacity to that level. Just to add, these 
two to three years' time frame is after you getting the necessary regulatory approvals in place. 
So, once we have the approval, one can take maybe, that kind of a time frame to start seeing that 
ramp up. 
Ashish: 
So, when you say emerging markets, what all markets does that include? 
Ankur Vaid : 
So, this primarily we would be targeting is Southeast Asia, Middle East, and Latin. 
Ashish: 
Okay. And India, you said mid FY25, but emerging markets could be earlier? Is that what you 
said? 
Ankur Vaid : 
Emerging markets would be later, but mid next year, we should start seeing sales in the India 
market. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Ashish: 
Okay. And lastly, of all these facilities like Valthera, Limbasi, obviously, there's also, what is 
the operational cost on an annualized basis, if you could put that number, just to figure out how 
much it is eating off the total cost? 
Ankur Vaid : 
So, we do not provide segmental or divisional profitability, but consolidated numbers are there, 
which we have shared. 
Ashish: 
Okay. Fair. And whatever expansions you guys are doing, and possibly in the future, you guys 
might also venture into adjacencies. But in terms of seasonality, the seasonality will be in favour 
of second half, right? So, that business, in terms of business construct, these economics will 
continue to remain even over the next two to three years, right? 
Ankur Vaid : 
Yes. I mean, as I said, that there is lumpiness. And as you would see that our quarter two saw a 
very significant jump in the sales, which, again, is very different from what we've seen 
historically. So, this, again, as I said, that there would continue to be lumpiness. But historically, 
what we have seen is that our second half has always been higher compared to what our first 
half has been. 
Ashish: 
Pretty good. So, lastly, just one more question on these Limbasi facilities. Where are we in terms 
of customer inquiries? How's that thing moving on? 
Ankur Vaid : 
So, we know who our target customers are. We are already engaging with them. And most of 
these customers are basically working towards adding the site into their dossier. And wherever 
we are getting new customers, we are trying to request them to start procuring quantities from 
the new site only. 
But I think since we have significant global market share, we are working with all the major 
customers. So, the process is mostly towards getting access to their dossier from this new site is 
where much of the work is happening. 
Ashish: 
Perfect. And just one more question, sorry. On this 25% revenue guidance over the next five 
years, and since the Limbasi- Valthera are in the initial stages now, would it be fair to assume 
that the guidance of 25% would be back-ended in nature? I'm just trying to figure out, would it 
be that, 25% revenues would be coming like from FY26 or FY27? Or you feel it's a evenly 
spread out kind of revenue growth that you are anticipating? 
Ankur Vaid : 
No, see, definitely not evenly spread out. But, and surely not all back-ended. But, it is a journey 
that one would have to go from. And at different, different time points, there are different, 
different growth levers , which would start playing out. So when we talk about, the injectable, 
we speak about from FY25, FY26 onwards, we have the Limbasi facility, which is already 
playing out because last year was 26%. Now it is 36%. 
 
And with the introduction of new APIs at Limbasi, that ramp up would also start contributing 
not only to top line, but also to the bottom line. So, I would say, it's a journey difficult to quantify 
for us in terms of how that number is going to be. 

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Ashish : 
Okay. And versus 42% EBITDA margins in the first 9 months, would you say that, 40% is the 
minimum that you guys can do at any point in time? Is that a fair assumption?  
Ankur Vaid:                     
So, again, we won't be able to comment on what is the minimum that we could do or the 
maximum. But I would say that, since second half is always the heavier side and we would see 
increased capacity utilizations, definitely our performance should be better than what has been 
for the 9 months on the profitability side. 
Ashish : 
Perfect. This helps. Thank you. And all the best, Ankur. 
Management: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Harshal Patil from Mirae Asset. Please go ahead. 
Harshal Patil: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity to ask the questions. I just need one clarification. This is for 
the API segment. For Q3, we've seen a decline. So, sir, just to understand it correctly, this decline 
could be attributable to a delayed offtake by one of the customers. Is it right? 
Ankur Vaid : 
No, it's a blend of many things. As I said that, we spoke about the lumpiness. So, the consumption 
pattern of the customers is one thing that has played out because, at times, depending upon their 
production planning, they may require the product in a particular month versus in a subsequent 
month. those patterns could be the reason. And this is, again, we are considering that as an option 
or as a possibility. And second is, of course, that we spoke about that we did see some spill over, 
some of the examples that we spoke earlier. 
 
And also, the Red Sea disruption that we spoke about. So, those are some of the reasons that I 
feel are the probable reasons why, it has been this way. 
Harshal Patil i: 
Right. So, just a continuation to that, when we say the Red Sea disruption, that was more so with 
respect to the exports, right? And on the formulations, I guess, if I'm not wrong, most of the 
formulation exports are through the sea route that we do. And APIs are mostly done through the 
air. Is that right or am I wrong on that?  
Ankur Vaid : 
That's correct. And some bit of import, as I mentioned earlier, for some things that we do procure 
as imports, they are mostly by sea. So, some delays are accountable to that as well.  
Harshal Patil: 
So, in that case, considering that there was a Red Sea disruption, we could have seen some better 
formulation sales as well as compared to what's reported in Q3. 
Ankur Vaid : 
Sorry, I didn't get you. 
Harshal Patil: 
The Q3 formulation segment sales, that is showing a very strong growth on a Y-o-Y basis, we 
would have had some disruptions from the Red Sea issues in this quarter for formulation sales 
or no? 
Ankur Vaid : 
So, it's not a disruption, it's delayed recognition of sales. So, something that could have 
happened, say by 31st December, probably it reached the destination, say, in third week of 
January, because of which we were able to recognize the sales in January.  

 
 
Concord Biotech Limited
 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
Harshal Patil: 
Right. So, in that case, that's what I'm saying, that there would be some spill over effect of the 
formulation sales in Q4 as well. So, traction actually would have been better? 
Ankur Vaid : 
Yes. 
Harshal Patil: 
Yes, that's correct. So, just lastly, when we say that we are kind of starting with the injectable 
mid-next year and gradually increasing it in '26-'27. So, just from an understanding perspective, 
this would definitely interrupt the contribution or probably the growth of the formulation 
segment overall. So, just wanted to understand that, what can be the rub-off effect on margins 
with the share or probably with the growth of formulations getting stronger? Any qualitative 
comments around that? 
Ankur Vaid : 
Yes. So, as I said that, we have growth levers for both the API and the formulation. So, while 
the base will continue to grow for both the two divisions, the split is something that we are 
looking at be somewhere between the 80-20, plus, minus 2%-3% here and there. 
 
So, if you would have seen last year, we were again somewhere around the 80-20 mark. And 
even now, on a 9-month basis with 20% of growth happening, we are again at an 80-20. So, at 
least this is playing out to what we had considered and looked at, that while base will grow, the 
split would remain same. 
 
And this is something that we are seeing as we speak now. And going forward also is something 
that we anticipate, given that there are growth levers in both the divisions. 
Harshal Patil: 
Alright, sir. This answers my question. Thank you. Thank you for the opportunity and all the 
best, sir. 
Ankur Vaid : 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraint, we will take that as our last 
question. And now, in the conference, over to Mr. Ankur vaid for closing comments. 
Ankur Vaid: 
So, thank you, everyone, for joining on our quarter 3 FY '24 earnings call. And we hope we have 
been able to address all your queries. For any further information, please get in touch with us or 
SGA, our investors relations advisors. Thank you and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Concord Biotech Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
