2 
(\' 
edvcate 
To 
To 
Department of Corporate Services, 
Listing Department, 
BSE Limited 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street, 
C-1, G-Block, Bandra - Kurla Complex 
Mumbai — 400 001 
Bandra (E), Mumbai — 400 051 
Scrip Code: 540403, Scrip Symbol: CLEDUCATE 
ISIN: INE201M 01029 
Sub: Transcript of Investors Earnings Call pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
Dear Ma’any/Sir(s), 
Pursuant 
to 
Regulation 
30 
of 
the 
SEBI 
(Listing 
Obligations 
and 
Disclosure 
Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and in continuation to our disclosures dated February 01, 2024, and February 05, 
2024, please find enclosed the Transcript of the Earnings call held on February 05, 2024, with the 
Analysts / Investors. 
The aforesaid information will also be hosted on the Company’s website at www.cleducate.com. 
Kindly take the above details on record. 
Thanking You 
For CL Educate Limited 
Arjun Wadhwa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Place: New Delhi 
Date: February 09, 2024 
© www.cleducate.com 
CL Educate Limited 
@ compliance@cleducate.com 
Registered & Corporate Office 
: A-45, First Floor, 
@ +91-11-41281100/0800 = +91-11-461281101 
Mohan Co-operative Industrial Estate, New Delhi — 110044 
CIN: L74899DL1996PLC425162 
ARJUN 
WADHWA
Digitally signed by ARJUN WADHWA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, 
pseudonym=2b7e1bcf3708401da7b81b4
acf4350f8, 
2.5.4.20=5b683edb1612ad448c25af9b83b
45c0273d421110e4e6b4483d2aa2d7f1fe4
fc, postalCode=110070, st=DELHI, 
serialNumber=b0f7375e8a020b3fd93e84a
1a8f999fe9cdb402ce9fbe1559a7e4d8e008
03601, cn=ARJUN WADHWA 
Date: 2024.02.09 13:21:28 +05'30'

 
“CL Educate Limited Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call” February 05, 2024 
 
 
 
Management: 
 
 
Mr. Satya Narayanan R – Chairman, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Nikhil Mahajan – Executive Director & Group CEO, Enterprise Business, CL Educate Limited 
Mr. Arjun Wadhwa – CFO, CL Educate Limited 
 
 
 
 
Earnings Call Link: CL Earnings Conference Call Q3 FY24 
 
 
Results Link: 
 
 
 
 
Consolidated Results – Q3 FY24  
Standalone Results – Q3 FY24 
 
 
 
Investor Presentation: CL Investor Presentation Q3 FY24 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
 
 
 
CL Educate Limited: Earnings Conference Call – Q3 FY 2024 
 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Good Afternoon, ladies, and gentlemen, and welcome to CL Educate Limited's Q3 FY24 Analyst 
Call. My name is Arjun Wadhwa. I'm the CFO of CL Educate and I’ll be your host for today. Once again, I would 
like to welcome you to our homegrown Metaverse platform called VOSMOS. This is now the eighth consecutive 
time that we've been using VOSMOS for our analyst calls, and it continues to have amazing validation across 
industries, people from the Prime Minister of our country to Heads of State, to Heads of Corporations have now 
used it over the last couple of years, and it continues to grow from strength to strength. This analyst call as always 
will be recorded, transcribed, and made available in the investor zone on our website within the next 24-48 hours. 
Should you have any questions during the call, please just type them out in the box on the bottom right-hand 
corner of your screen. We'll take them up at the end of the session.  
 
Joining me on this call today are Mr. Satya Narayanan, the Chairman of CL Educate and Mr. Nikhil Mahajan, our 
Executive Director, and Group CEO of our Enterprise Business. I'd like to start this session by inviting Satya to 
share a brief overview of our businesses over the last 9- months, after which Nikhil will run us through the 
presentation spending some time on our financial, business and corporate updates. Following which we will take 
your questions. 
 
Satya, over to you. 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Welcome everybody. This is quarter 3, first 9 months, and at an overall level, numbers-wise 
we've grown about 11% in topline, 11% in EBITDA, and you will see more details of it when Nikhil takes us 
through the presentation. But some of the broad qualitative points that I wanted to include in my commentary are 
as follows. Number one is that, as you know, traditionally the third quarter is always the most challenging quarter 
in our business. This year was no different than expected. In fact, given the little bit of a commotion or tumult that 
we saw based on the change of the law examination, we were bracing ourselves for a little bit more challenging 
third quarter, but the teams have done a little better than what we were thinking or fearing. So, the third quarter is 
over. We've stepped into the JFM/Q4 and we're looking forward to a good run from various perspectives. I'll cover 
a couple of those right now, or even Nikhil will cover it. For instance, one of the good things is that CUET, 
enrollments wise, we have crossed last year's, full year's numbers, and the crash season is just about to begin. 
That's one very good thing that we are looking at. Internationalization that has been underway for both Kestone 
as well as CL, is looking promising. You will hear more about it as we move into the coming quarters. What it also 
does to us when our programs or products and services go international is that they help us improve our margins 
in a reasonably important way. The other business, which is our Study Abroad, international test prep, admissions 
into colleges, even that one, though it's a very small base, also has grown by about 70-75% over the 
corresponding period of last year. We still are just bringing it out of the incubator and accelerating it, but that one 
also is looking good in our judgment. One specific intimation, we are not covering that much in detail, is the 
participation of CL Educate in the rights issue of one of the startups, 361 Degree Minds. You might have taken 
note of that in the disclosures that you've made post the board meeting. 361 Degree Minds helps universities to 
create their digital twin and launch their online programs, and 361 Degree Minds manages the online programs 
for universities. It is working with five universities as of now. We will cover more about it when we see some 
important milestones being crossed over the next couple of quarters. I'll pause there and hand it back to you, 
Arjun, or to Nikhil to take it forward. Happy to answer questions at the end when we get into the Q&A zone.  
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Nikhil Mahajan: Thanks, Satya, and Good Afternoon, everybody. 
 
So, on the brief financial summary update, as Satya had shared, our revenues grew by about 11% and the EBITDA 
growth was also commensurate at about 11%. Last year, a 9 month performance in this year, 9 month 
performance, we last year had an exceptional income on account of liquidation of a big land parcel, which 
boosted our profitability for last year. As compared to last year's 9 month performance, our TCI (Total 
Comprehensive Income) is down by about 30%, but the business performance is more or less similar with the 
consistent Rs. 12.8 crore PAT this year, which is more or less similar to last year. Another important aspect which I 
would want to highlight is that last year, on a full-year basis, we had a tax reversal of about Rs. 5 crores, and this 
year, we are on normal taxation. So, despite reasonably positive 11%-12% growth in EBITDA, our PAT might come 
out more or less flattish in the 9 month period, but now we are on a consistent normal 20%- 25% (approximately) 
taxation as compared to one-off tax reversal last year.   
 
Our cash position stays pretty healthy. If you look at our gross cash position, despite the conclusion of the 
buyback in the month of November, our gross cash position is about 108 crores after the consumption of 10 
crores in the buyback process. Our borrowings in this quarter usually are at a higher end of the spectrum because, 
as Satya stated, this is one of the leanest business quarters in terms of new business, and we usually have to dig 
into our reserves for operations. And also, for the MarTech corporate business, usually this is a heavy execution 
period, and a lot of collections happen in the 4th quarter. So, the borrowings usually tend to go up in the third 
quarter and then tend to come down by the end of the 4th quarter to a more stable level. Our segment 
performance, if you look at it, our EdTech business has grown about 14% in terms of revenue year-on-year. The 
EBITDA has grown by about 11%, the specific reason of EBITDA growth in EdTech business being slightly lower 
than the revenue growth is on account of significant investments in terms of brand and people which we have 
made from a long-term business outlook perspective in order to strengthen the business from a long-term 
growth perspective. And over the next 2-8 quarters, you will see the EBITDA growth beginning to exceed the 
revenue growth in the coming quarters. The MarTech business has seen approximately 49-50% growth in EBITDA, 
even on a marginal 3-4% revenue growth. And that is predominantly driven by a positive pivot in terms of the 
revenue mix of higher margin business. So we have been outlining that we are consistently working towards 
moving more and more parts of our business from a slightly lower margin business support services to a higher 
margin technology enabled VOSMOS as well as digital and content services. And that has enabled a significant 
expansion in our EBITDA margin in the MarTech business as well as the increase in EBITDA over the last 12 
months.  
 
Now moving to the next slide of our quarter-on-quarter performance. So, quarter 3 this year over quarter 3 last 
year, as Satya has already shared, is usually the lowest quarter amongst all the 4 quarters. So, our overall revenue 
growth has been a modest 3%. Our revenue growth in the EdTech business has been 1%. And the revenue growth 
in MarTech business has been 4%. EBITDA growth was slightly better at 5% in quarter 3 as compared to quarter 3 
of last year, predominantly driven by a significant EBITDA expansion in our MarTech business. In the MarTech 
business, our international business in Indonesia, Singapore, and the US has been growing at an overall aggregate 
level of 50% over the same period last year. And we are extremely positive of expanding our business in the 
international markets in the coming quarters as well.  
 
Now a slightly detailed presentation of our EdTech business. The volumes in a 9 month period for the test prep 
are up by about 12%. The billing is up about 10%. So broadly the business has been growing at the average 12-
14%, which we had planned. Law has been a bit slow because of the change in the exam testing cycle. In the 
previous in FY23, the exam happened twice, one in June and another in December before the cycle change 
happened. So that change in examination cycle for the exam to happen before the board exam has definitely 
impacted the business. But I think the market is beginning to absorb and assimilate the change and the negative 
aspects of that will start wearing off pretty soon and the business in this segment should come back to its historic 
steady growth as was witnessed over the last four or five years in this area. Student mobility business has grown 
significantly by about 75%, though on an exceedingly small base continues to be in an investment phase and we 
are extremely bullish about this business over the next 4-8 quarters and expect similar growth rates to be 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
maintained. In this quarter, we have added 11 new locations, including seven international locations in 
Bangladesh, Nepal, Ghana, Mauritius, Nigeria, Kenya, and as has been our outlined growth strategy of increased 
focus on markets outside India. We are steadily but consistently beginning to take a critical step forward every 
quarter and in the next 4-6 quarters, this will start showing in terms of the outcomes revenue and profitability.  
 
The platform business has been doing extremely well, that business has grown about 40% in the 9 month period 
as compared to the same 9 month period last year. We now have over 400 odd clients. We have launched a fully 
integrated, tech-enabled common application platform, already on boarded about 35 universities and institutions 
in the first 60 days within launch and around 2,000 applications have been sold through the platform. We'll 
continue to expand this platform over the next 4 quarters with our goal to get at least 100 to 150 institutions on 
board for next year's admission cycle. We'll keep you posted as things unravel and we keep adding more and 
more institutions to the platform.  
 
The publishing business has been pretty steady, growing at about 19-20%. The sales through our online sales 
through our own website and through our dedicated stores on various online platforms like Amazon and Flipkart 
have been increasing by the day and now they account for roughly around 35% of our total sales. So, between 
institutional and digital sales, we now have about 80% coming from these two channels and truly a little of the 
amount going through the conventional retail distributor channel as was the case a couple of years ago before 
COVID.   
As I've shared earlier, the EBITDA in our MarTech business has grown by about 50% as compared to the 9- month 
period ending December as compared to the 9- month period last year and our EBITDA margins are in now excess 
of 10% in this business. And I had been sharing over the last couple of years of our endeavor to increase our 
EBITDA margin in this line of business by 100 basis points every year for the next 3-4 years. And I think we are now 
beginning to make a significant positive impact in that area. International business has been growing at 50% year 
on year. Singapore growing steadily, Indonesia and US showing extremely positive sign in the first 9 months of 
their startup. And we will have revenue short of a million dollar between Indonesia and US for the year ending 
March’24. We are extremely focused and bullish about the future of these 3 international markets for Kestone 
where we are focused on. Though there has been a slowdown in the marketing spends of some of the large IT 
companies, for example, Dell, VMware, Microsoft, Cisco, because of the overall caution with which IT industry has 
been moving forward globally. But we have been countering this slowdown by adding new customers. If you look 
at some of the big customers, big names and logos which we have added to our client list over the last 12 months 
include who's who of the Indian and international corporate sector, tele services, Air India, State Bank of India is 
now a customer for the first time, Nike, Hewlett Packard, earlier only AWS used to be our customer, now the main 
Amazon retail platform is also our customer. So, I think this addition of some of these big names is going to 
contribute significantly in the years to come as we consistently ramp up our efforts to grow this business. And 
many of the brands which we have added here, while some of them may contribute to business in India, some of 
the business from these customers is growing in international market including US and Singapore. So, our 
endeavor of constantly pushing newer customers and getting a larger chunk of business coming in from new 
business development and newer customers are now beginning to pay rich dividends. We just finished the first 
leadership engagement workshop of the State Bank of India. It was a fully residential offsite, which keeping in 
mind that usually you see such activities being done for large private corporate, but the largest public sector bank 
in India preferred Kestone for such an activity is a very satisfying feeling. Here are some of the pictures from the 
event.  
 
On the corporate side, I just have one update. We launched our buyback in the month of August with the buyback 
got completed in November 23. We were able to buyback about 10 and a half lakh shares at an average price of 
about 81 rupees, 4% of the non-promoter shares were bought by us during this exercise. And ever since the IPO 
in March 2017, the promoters have increased their holding directly and indirectly either by buying shares in the 
market or through interventions like buyback, etc. The promoter holding has increased by about 5.5% in the last 
6-7 years. I think that's all on the corporate side. I will now throw open the floor for any questions any of you have 
and we'd be happy to answer them. Thank you. 
 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Nikhil. A couple of questions have come in so far. I'll throw a question first towards Satya. 
From Rahul Bansali what is the likely enrollment and average realization in CUET segment for this year versus last 
year? And can you also please provide some commentary on the competitive intensity in the CUET segment and 
how CL is looking to differentiate itself? 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  You know, CUET, the 9 month enrollment figures have crossed 15,000 vis-a-vis the full year 
enrollments of 13,000 and some numbers last year. So, the good thing is that even as we are stepping into the 
beginning of the crash season, we have crossed the last years in terms of volumes. And one of the key things that 
we are focused on in CUET is to achieve two things. One, market share leadership. And number two is to be able 
to differentiate, that is the second part of the question Arjun that Rahul has asked, which is that we want us to 
deliver as many of the electives that the student needs and not just the GT and English. So, economics, history, the 
entire gamut of 15-16 programs out of the 25 that are available. So, the differentiation of CL is that a child needs 
to go to just one location to solve the entire CUET bouquet of tests and not go to 3 or 4 separate locations, which 
is quite a big deal. Along with the fact that it will be available in more than 50-60 locations as the only brand that 
is able to do it. Those are the two important things for us to accomplish in this crash season. The other thing 
which we hope happens in CUET, which will determine the step up for the coming year is how easy or how tough 
the examination itself is. And that's a very important thing to happen because like we covered in the last quarter, 
CUET should follow the path of CAT or JEE or CLAT wherein examination itself is considered something that needs 
preparation and not the banking or SSC kind of an exam where there are a large number of people, but it 
becomes an easy exam. So, we hope that good numbers of new universities from new states join in that increases 
competition and then the paper itself will become tougher. Also, since it is the second year after initial testing, I 
think that will determine what the growth theta will look like. Our own summary of estimations is that it must look 
good and we are also combining it with preparing students for their institutions for the board exams.  
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. That clarifies both points that Rahul raised on the differentiation and on where 
things are likely to be going forward. I am going to throw one more question towards you. 
It is slightly related. Amit Mehendale, I hope I have pronounced your name correctly, Amit, is asking how much 
student growth can we expect next year in CUET? And we expect this to be a better revenue growth segment in 
comparison with our MBA test. 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Yeah, we also think it will happen, Amit. Some of those things, even though we are hopeful 
about it, we will have to wait for the conduction of this examination in this edition in May of 2024. And how tough 
the exam is and how much more geographically dispersed is the participation. 
For instance, we are finding a lot quicker uptake in Kerala compared to other 3 South Indian states. The Northern 
belt, it has begun to move, but the central parts of India, the West, East, these needs to pick up. So, we need to 
perhaps be observant and patient. That is number one. Number two, a remarkably interesting thing which 
government has already done in an ambitious way is to conduct CUET in 25 international locations for their study 
in India program. Now, study in India program is seeing a lot of focus where India wants to take the inputs from 
55,000 - 60,000 to 500,000 over the next five years. CUET, along with other exams, will become a very key entry 
gate for that. So that needs to take a little bit of shape. So, my response to you is that we will be able to speak a 
lot more authoritatively after observing it for 2024 and 2025 until then a healthy growth rate of whatever you 
would want to assume, I think could be done. I am hesitating, but unlike the CAT or CLAT which are high-level 
digits, this one can be a 20% plus growth easily. Whether it can double depend upon how the next year will pan 
out.  
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks, Satya. A follow-up question also still in the test prep space is on the law segment. There 
is a question from a gentleman asking what has been the loss that we've incurred in the law segment as a result of 
the change in the exam cycle in terms of test takers and in terms of how it impacts us as an organization? And 
how confident we are in terms of regaining the same over the year ahead? 
 
 
 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Okay, Arjun correct me if I'm off in terms of numbers, but our loss is as much as about a 
third in terms of enrollments fall for the law as absolute numbers. But how much of it is attributable to what Nikhil 
said, last time the exam happened twice in a year, this time it has happened only once and the next season's start 
has already begun because now children know, kids know, family knows that the law exam will happen in the 
December of this year. So, some of it will get evened out and we will get to know, but yes, for the window of these 
12 months or so, we've had to deal with this uncertainty. Going forward, a couple of things are emerging, 
qualitatively speaking, for instance, the law, international admissions also are beginning to be included by us in 
our law offering because the students are also looking at not only the leading law schools in India, but because 
the law fee points are getting more comparable going to UK, going to Australia, going to US, they're also 
happening. So, we are also trying to see how we can add LNAT along with CLAT preparation in our offering. So, 
from a medium term to long term perspective, not only law, IPM, BBA, and the undergrad program that is going 
to get started in IIM Bangalore in 2025, these are good signs for us to be able to see a very robust growth in the 
undergrad segment from a 2-4 year perspective.  
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Right, thanks Satya. And maybe I can also just take a quick second to draw the attention of 
everyone to the slide where Nikhil spoke about the UG segment specifically that despite the change in the exam 
cycle and despite what Satya mentioned was a slight dip in our numbers, about 20% in the law segment, our 
overall billing in the UG segment is up by about 7% on a year-on-year basis, and our total enrollments in this 
same UG space are up nearly 30%. So while yes, there has been an impact on quarter 3 specifically and also from 
where we'd like to be in terms of numbers, in terms of specifics, in terms of billing, we're actually in this UG 
segment space, we're up 7%, with CUET helping making up for the slight dip that we've had in our law numbers. 
 
Satya, there's a question from Aditya Sen. He's asking about the ARPU (Average Revenue per Unit) in the CUET 
and student mobility segments and how many students we would have added over the course of this year as 
compared to previous years in such segments.  
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Yeah, so ARPU on a per student basis Aditya So ARPU for our two-year program, Aditya, as 
we have perhaps even shared it in the past and we're happy to publish it again, at the two-year CUET program, 
the ARPUs are between about Rs.1.2 lakhs to Rs. 1.5 lakh. 75 – 80% of the students would lie there and they would 
take anywhere between three to five subjects for a two-year program, including GT, English, which is aptitude, 
English, and a couple of subjects. Let's say commerce and accounts or economics and accounts and so on and 
sociology, history, those kinds of combinations. 
The same figure for a one-year program would come down to the range of between Rs. 55,000-60,000 to Rs. 
75,000-80,000 depending upon geography, which is a city or online or offline. The crash program that is what we 
are walking into now, that program would get a realization of between 18,000 to about 25,000-27,000, similarly 
depending upon geography and the combination. So ARPU per subject is one way of looking at it and ARPU per 
student, which gets affected by the number of electives that the student picks from us.  
Okay, anything else that I've missed here, Arjun? 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: No, that's good, Satya. They have also asked about student mobility, but yes, I think you've more 
or less covered it. I'll move on to the next question. There's a question from Krishna Kumar who's asking about any 
new opportunities emerging post the collapse of BYJU’s, and I'll tag this with another question which is asking 
about the impact of the recent ruling regarding restriction of coaching for under 16 age students and whether 
that has any impact on our business. 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Yeah, I think the new ruling about tuitions; we still have to watch out. Fortunately for us, it 
doesn't affect us because all our kids are literally 16 because they come to us after grade 10. But the tuition that 
we're planning to get down to, the implications of it, is very real for many other players. For us, it is less. The way 
to go about it is to revisit and say which ones of those are going to be online which is delivered at home, which 
ones are those could be categorized as counseling for which the student can come to the center. That's one kind 
of relook at the product, age, kind of sessions and then recalibrate it. But more importantly, this is on the 
concurrent list. This will only be implemented or interpreted very differently in every single state. And our view 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
towards this is not much of grave concern, but we are very mindful and we're observing it in our keeping pace 
with the environment. On the question that was asked by Krishna Kumar, one good thing that is happening with a 
couple of these EdTech companies going into trouble is about the changed conversations on talent recruitment 
that we are seeing. It used to be madness as far as cost to companies are concerned when it was at its peak about 
two years ago, there is a greater amount of sanity that has come into the conversations. Other than that, I think it 
hasn't affected much either negatively or positively. I think we have enough stuff for us to do and the market is 
significant enough, big enough for us to deliver our numbers over the next 4-8 quarters. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Satya, there are the last two questions that I'm going to throw at you and Nikhil before 
we wrap up this session. There's a question from Akshat on our plans to go to 500 test centers. 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  So, Akshat, there are two dimensions around which we are executing this plan. Number one 
is in our flagship program basket comprising of MBA and law, we have a lot of uncovered cities and towns, 
especially in certain regions in India. For example, in the South, in some parts of the West and so on. So that is 
one dimension that we are focused on. The other one, which will perhaps be accelerated, is when we are able to 
add the CUET and tuitions distribution, which has begun to happen. You know, we opened up a new center in a 
town called Bijnor, which can be called a tier-3 or a tier-4 town. So, when that kind of momentum comes in for the 
undergraduate programs, it will increase the number of towns. But also, in a geography like a Bangalore or Delhi 
NCR, instead of getting limited to 25 centers, an NCR can be a 100 center location for us and that's what we're 
executing. And when I'm saying this, I am still not counting the possibility of CL's international expansion because 
that could be quite real when study in India program picks up and CL begins to deliver GRE, GMAT, SAT, 
Admissions Consulting along with CAT and CUET in outside geographies, very similar to how we are delivering it 
in the Middle East in our centers in Dubai, Sharjah, Abu Dhabi and so on.  So, we think that we are on our way. I'm 
also happy to share with you that a fully dedicated, very senior resource of with 30 years of experience of the 
backgrounds like IIT Delhi and FMS from education and has worked with companies such as Asian Paints and 
Hindustan Times. One senior person has joined in with a singular mandate of focusing on network expansion to 
get us to the goals of 500 in the next 3 years. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Thanks Satya. I'll take one last question before we call it a day. There's a gentleman who asked 
about our specific plans for Kestone that at one point in time, we were looking at raising some funds in that entity. 
Are we still looking to do so? And if we have any plans to de-merge the MarTech business, we had spoken about 
that at one point in time and that is progressing. Nikhil, would you like to take this? 
 
Nikhil Mahajan: Yeah, so we are currently actively evaluating and proceeding with the exercise if we get some 
right strategic partner who can enable us to take this business from its current level to couple of orbits higher. 
However, we are very conscious of who and when any such outcome will take place. And as of now, there is no 
concrete thing which is worth sharing. It is still an ongoing process. Nothing concrete is on the envelope for us to 
share with this group. De-merger is also an option, and we will come back and update if and when the CL 
Educates board takes an appropriate decision one way or the other on which way to proceed. So, for now, we are 
actively pursuing and considering both the routes and if and when we reach a definite milestone of something 
worthwhile, we'll update everybody concerned. 
 
Arjun Wadhwa: Okay, thanks, Nikhil. There's one last question which is factual in nature. Again, from Krishna 
Kumar, he's asking about the subsidiary that is at the center of the exceptional items for this year and the right 
back of Goodwill that pertains to one of our subsidiaries. It's called ICE GATE. The reason is that business suffered 
a bit during COVID and last year we took an impairment in our investment in that entity to the tune of about 3 
crores  but this year we have changed the business model of that business and now it's working in a slightly 
different manner and we've done a reassessment of that business  and we had a registered value come in and 
revalue the company and post their review and post the review of the statutory auditors. A decision was taken to 
write back a portion of that impairment that was taken in the previous year. I hope that answers your question, 
Krishna Kumar. All right, if there are no more questions, we'll call it an end to today's session. 
 

                                                                                                                                                                               
 
Thank you so much everyone for joining in and we look forward to interacting with you at the end of this year. We 
wish you an excellent week ahead and keep following our stock for the latest updates. 
 
Thank you, Satya. Thanks, Nikhil. 
 
Satya Narayanan R:  Thank you, Arjun. 
 
 
For more information, regarding CL Educate you can visit our corporate website: 
Annual Report | Financial Statements | Quarterly Results | Telegram Channel 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
 
 
Amit Kanabar 
Sr. Manager – Finance & Strategy CL Educate Limited 
Tel: +91 11 4128 1100 
Email: amit.kanabar@careerlauncher.com 
 
