 
          
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
CIN-L72900DL1986PLC330369 
Regd. Office: JA-122, 1st Floor, Jasola Distt. Center, New Delhi- 110025, Tel: +91 11 41251965 
Corp. Office: Spice Global Knowledge Park, 19A & 19B, Sector-125, Noida- 201301, Uttar Pradesh, India, - Tel: +91 120 5029101 
         Email ID: complianceofficer@digispice.com; Website: www.digispice.com 
 
Date: 16th February, 2024 
 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400001 
Scrip Code: 517214 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block 
Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: DIGISPICE 
 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Investors/Analysts Conference Call  
held on 9th February, 2024 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
In continuation to our letter dated 1st February, 2024 intimating you about the schedule 
of the conference call for Investors/Analysts held on 9th February, 2024 with senior 
management team, please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid 
conference call.  
 
The 
transcript 
will 
also 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://investorrelations.digispice.com/information.php?page=transcripts . 
 
You are requested to kindly take the above on record and acknowledge the receipt of the 
same. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
for DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited 
 
 
 
(Ruchi Mehta) 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
RUCHI 
MEHTA
Digitally signed by RUCHI MEHTA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, 
2.5.4.20=8e892ab09e48a636e0dbc
885fdbf93d53d095341b4241609cd
3943c6aa3e931b, 
postalCode=110091, st=Delhi, 
serialNumber=cd0d3e0ee621ced09
f7c59de557f78e2914d4d9a98a3be
999b1ae4ad155b0f45, cn=RUCHI 
MEHTA 
Date: 2024.02.16 18:52:09 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 23 
DiGiSPICE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Zoom Webinar 
 
February 9, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management Participants:  
 
Mr. Dilip Modi, Chairman, DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited; 
Mr. Sanjeev Kumar, Co-founder, Executive Director & CEO, Spice 
Money Limited; and 
Mr. Sunil Kapoor, Whole Time Director & CFO, Spice Money Limited 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 23 
DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited  
Q3/9M FY24 Earnings Call Transcript 
February 09, 2024  
 
Moderator: 
Good afternoon, everyone. A very warm welcome to the earnings Zoom webinar of DiGiSPICE 
Technologies Limited for Q3 and 9 months FY'24.  
 
We have with us Mr. Dilip Modi – Chairman of DiGiSPICE Technologies Limited , Mr. Sanjeev 
Kumar - Co-founder Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer, Spice Money Limited and 
Mr. Sunil Kapoor - Whole-Time Director and Chief Financial Officer, Spice Money Limited.  
 
Before we begin, I would like to state that some of the statements made in today's discussion 
may be forward looking in nature. The actual results may vary as they are dependent on 
several external factors. A statement in this regard has been included in the result 
presentation sent to you earlier. It has also been uploaded on the exchanges.  
 
We will commence the call with the management talking you through the operational and 
financial performance for the period under review, following which we will have an 
interactive Q&A session.  
 
I would like to now invite Mr. Dilip Modi to commence the presentation. Over to you, Dilip. 
Thank you. 
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Amit. Good afternoon everyone. Namaskar. Given that we are meeting for the 
first time in the New Year, let me wish all of you a very, very happy 2024.  
 
As we move towards close of this financial year, it's always a great opportunity to be able to 
use this platform to engage with everyone, to share our progress as a company, how we are 
moving, where have we reached so far and where are we going. So, I really look forward to 
this opportunity to interact with all of you who have taken time out to join this call, hear from 
you, share with you and have a very open conversation in terms of the challenges and 
opportunities we are seeing in our chosen space of growth.  
 
Friends, as you know, at DiGiSPICE Technologies, we took some decisions at the start of this 
financial year. As some of you may be aware, over the last few years, we have been operating 
in multiple business segments. We had called them out in two separate segments, Digital 
Technology Services and Financial Technology Services segment.  
 
Earlier this year, we took a decision to bring about focus in the company and we said we will 
only focus on one segment, which is FinTech. And that is why now you see that over the last 

 
Page 3 of 23 
two quarters, we have been basically talking through the progress on our FinTech business 
and this is a business that we want to grow going forward.  
 
So, today, DiGiSPICE Technologies from a business point of view has become a pure FinTech 
platform company and I will talk you through some of the updates on the digital technology 
side as well.  
 
For us, friends, I think it's a great opportunity because as many of you would have read in the 
papers this morning, the RBI has also commented on Aadhaar-enabled Payment System, 
which is our core product at Spice Money and we really want to use this platform as an 
opportunity to share with you our thoughts on this segment, which we believe is 
fundamental to connecting rural India to the formal banking system.  
 
So, let me start, if we could get to the presentation. Let's start with the table of contents, 
please. So, we will use this opportunity, as I told you, that at DiGiSPICE Technologies, we have 
become now a pure FinTech platform company. So, basically, we are going to be talking to 
you through on the key business update around Spice Money, which is our FinTech platform 
business, take you through step by step on all the key services that operate on our platform, 
talk you through some of the financial highlights of the business and also the consolidated 
results of the company.  
 
So, let me start by sharing with you some key highlights of quarter three. What we have done 
here is use this as an opportunity to share with you the performance of the company over the 
last nine months. This is basically with respect to what we are calling the continued 
operations.  
 
As I said, at the start of this financial year, we took a decision to exit the digital technology 
service segment, which was one of the two segments we were operating in. In the P&L and 
the financial statements that we share with you every quarter, we refer to this as 
discontinued operations and we have a section of that in this presentation as well, but really 
the results that you see here for the nine months of this financial year compared to the last 
nine months is for the continued operations, which is the focus of the company.  
 
If you see the numbers, one of the key metrics that we track is the gross transaction value of 
the customer transactions on our platform. We have seen for the nine months, it has grown 
to Rs. 82,000 crores compared to Rs. 75,000 crores last year, so we see close to a 9% growth. 
This is translated into a growth in gross margin of the business.  
 
This is where we see our key income, what we refer to as gross margin, about Rs. 127 crores 
for the nine months compared to Rs. 122 crores last year nine months, 4% growth. But more 
importantly, what we have seen in these nine months compared to the previous nine months 

 
Page 4 of 23 
is a growth in EBITDA and profit after tax. So, both numbers are close to Rs. 8 crores, both in 
terms of EBITDA and PAT for the continued operations.  
 
So, let me start by saying that, you know, for us at DiGiSPICE Technologies, at the start of the 
year, the first decision we took was focus. We said we will focus on a business, which is the 
FinTech platform business of Spice Money, and we will exit all other businesses. We started 
that journey at the start of the first quarter. Our goal is that by the end of this financial year, 
we should have completely exited the business of non-FinTech.  
 
What we have seen in these nine months is that the core payments business of the company, 
which comprises basically of three key products, one is Aadhaar-enabled Payment System, 
second is Cash Management Services, and third is Bharat Bill Payment System, referred to 
here as AePS, CMS and BBPS. This business continues to remain on a growth trajectory. We 
have seen 15% year-on-year growth in this business and about close to 1.5% quarter-on-
quarter.  
 
Within these three product lines, we have seen how CMS and BBPS continues to show strong 
headroom and we will walk you through some of the key numbers and the underlying metrics 
on each of these product lines.  
 
AePS business, however, has been facing strong headwinds in the last nine months. There has 
been a lot of narrative in the ecosystem around the issue of frauds that has hit this space and 
it is very important that as a responsible member of this ecosystem, we work closely with all 
the stakeholders to see how to reduce fraud. So, there have been a lot of steps being taken in 
terms of two-factor authentication which creates friction in transaction, but it's all with the 
intent to make sure that, as an industry, we reduce any concerns that come around frauds.  
 
AePS is a very strong gateway to formal banking system for rural consumers and small 
businesses and therefore it is our responsibility to work with the regulator and with NPCI to 
ensure that we put in the right checks and guardrails.  
 
As a company we have over the last few months also been focusing on new business lines, 
particularly around banking and credit, and what is keeping us excited is the fact that the 
results that we have seen in the last nine months shows us that there is an underlying 
demand for products that banks have to offer with respect to opening of current and savings 
account as well as credit in the markets that we are present.  
 
To date, since we started and we started about a year ago, we have opened close to 3 lakh 
accounts which have balances close to about Rs. 100 crores in them and we have distributed 
close to 93,000 loans through our platform. So, effectively our core payments business 
continues to grow despite headwinds in the AePS segment and within that we have seen 
growth, which we will talk to you about. And on the new business lines, we are seeing that 

 
Page 5 of 23 
there is strong demand on the ground and as we are building the products for both banking 
and credit, we have lots of learnings on the back of which we are looking forward to these 
adding significantly to the growth going forward.  
 
Now if you look at our right to play in all of these areas, it is because of the merchant network 
that we have created across key markets in India. So, if you move to the next slide, the 
customers of our platform, we refer to them as Spice Money Adhikaris. These are micro 
entrepreneurs, living in, operating in semi-urban and rural India and we have seen over the 
last now close to five years how we have on-boarded more and more of the micro 
entrepreneurs onto our platform.  
 
So, if you see from FY'20 to now close, we are closing on FY'24, over the last five years, we 
have seen numbers scale up from 241,000 merchants who operated on our platform to now 
close to 1.35 million merchants who are operating on our platform. 
 
Now if you see this graph, you would see that, in the first two years, FY'21 and FY'22, we 
added more merchants, nearly 35,000 a month, and then between FY'22 and FY'23, that 
number came down to about 20,000 a month, and now this year we have seen about 12,000 
a month. This is because of what you see on the right hand side, which is the graph of India. If 
you see over the last 5 years, we have built a very strong presence in the North and East of 
India, what is shown in dark, and this is a very dense network of merchants on the ground 
who are using our platform to deliver financial services to their communities. We have now 
reached over 2.4 lakh villages and close to 6,469 blocks.  
 
So, there is a lot of coverage which has already been achieved and if we look at financial 
inclusion, it's really the North and East that has been really wanting in terms of deep 
penetration of all our financial services. Of course, as we look at growing in banking and 
credit, we are equally excited about the South and West markets, and that is a growing 
opportunity that we are going to look at as we think about new product lines.  
 
So, effectively for us, there is a certain amount of adequate coverage that we have already 
achieved in many markets in the North and East, and we are going to be looking at 
consolidating our presence in terms of focusing on the merchants with whom we can now 
grow multiple products and services. 
 
So, I think for us, we are excited about the fact that we have now a very good network in 
place and we can work to see how we can now leverage this network to deliver our more 
products and services, which will translate into operating leverage in the financials of the 
company. I look forward to any questions that you have later in the Q&A session, but for now 
I will hand over to Sanjeev who will walk us through some of the key business update and 
service line updates on the platform business numbers for last quarter compared to the 
previous quarter and to the previous financial year. So, over to you, Sanjeev. 

 
Page 6 of 23 
Sanjeev Kumar:  
Thank you, Dilip. Good morning everyone and thank you so much for joining today. I 
genuinely look forward to this conversation of where we can exchange our strategy, business 
numbers, operational details and more than happy to take any question that you might have 
at the end of the presentation. Can you zoom the slide please? 
 
I am carrying forward the conversation that Dilip just concluded on the network. The key 
business updates today are gross transaction, the GTV value that we measure the customer 
gross transaction value, that's grown 11% Y-o-Y from Rs. 24,900 crores to Rs. 27,600 crores. In 
the same year, Y-o-Y, the service fee revenue grew 6% from Rs. 101 crores to Rs. 108 crores 
and gross margin (GM) grew 11%, Rs. 37.7 to Rs. 42 crores. So, on a Y-o-Y, customer GTV 
grows 11%, service fee grows 6% and our GM grows 11%. While on a quarterly basis, the 
customer GTV has grown 2%, but our service fee revenue has de-grown 2% and likewise our 
GM has also de-grown by 4%.  
 
What are the reasons for it? I am going to talk about it in detail, but if I were to summarize, 
it's primarily because of the headwinds that we are facing on the AePS business. So, the de-
growth is primarily because of two big reasons. One was AePS, which is because of a de-
growth in the AePS business, which I am going to cover in the next few slides. We had a 
shortfall of one and a half, nearly Rs. 1.4 crores.  
 
Second was subscription packs. So, you will recall from the last few quarters, we have 
launched service rental subscription packs, which ring fences our top Adhikaris. And again, 
given the headwinds on AePS business, we had a shortfall on that business last quarter. And 
these are the two reasons for de-growth in our GM. However, collection business continues 
to scale and the GM has grown even on a quarterly basis.  
 
So, overall, on a year-on-year basis, we continue to grow on a 10% average on GTV and GM. 
But on a quarterly basis, we have seen a de-growth, primarily because of the AePS 
headwinds. We will cover that more in detail.  
 
Next slide, please. If you recall over the last few quarters, I have been talking about one of 
the big objectives at Spice Money is how we move out from just being a Cash-in-Cash-out 
business to multi-product business. Can we demonstrate that both on this Adhikari network, 
we are able to offer more financial services products to consumers in emerging India.  
 
And again, staying on that piece, if you look at the graph again on Y-o-Y basis last quarter, and 
that also at a larger GM. So, on one side, we need to continue to grow our gross margin. And 
at a larger gross margin, can we continue to grow alternate business lines, additional business 
lines, to demonstrate that we are now diversifying our cash-in-cash-out to a multi-product. 
 
So, what we were, a Rs. 37.7 crore GM last quarter, we are Rs. 42 crores. And in that, the 
cash-in-cash-out percentage contribution from 76% has come down to 69%. This clearly 

 
Page 7 of 23 
demonstrates that the new business lines that we have set up have started to deliver and 
they are contributing more than the Cash-in-Cash-out. So, the overall pie continues to grow. 
The share of new business lines continue to increase.  
 
Clearly, what's standing out is collections, which was a 6% contributor to GM. Last quarter is 
contributing at 14% this quarter. Second was the rental pack that we introduced, which is 
now contributing to 6%. Then the other new business lines, which we are building, which I am 
going to talk about, banking and credit, we believe that they will demonstrate to increase 
more contribution to the GM in the next few quarters.  
 
Next slide, please. So, now I am going to cover on the four services that we are building. And 
then we have spoken about it. One is our AePS, which has been a hero product for business, 
which has given the right to play in this emerging India. Second, is collections that we keep 
talking about, which is the next business line that we have grown. It's already showing 
considerable growth over the last six to eight quarters now. And the two new business lines 
of banking and credit. So, these four, I am going to talk more in detail.  
 
So, the first is on AePS. First, I want to draw your attention to the first table of the industry. 
The Off-US industry, which was Rs. 81,500 crores last year, quarter, same time, has degrown 
to Rs. 78,942 crores, which is a 3% de-growth. At a 3% Y-o-Y, Spice Money GTV has degrown 
by only 1.8%. Why is that so? Because our market share, which was 17.08% last quarter, is 
now at 17.31%. So, acting on a degrowth industry on AePS, Spice Money is holding its market 
share. It's actually increasing in market share. And hence, at a GTV level, what was Rs. 13,917 
in last quarter last year, is Rs. 13,663, which is a small degrowth, not as big as the overall 
industry.  
 
The question, how is this happening, is what I am going to explain in the next two tables. So, 
why is it that at a higher degrowth of the industry, Spice Money is able to increase that 
market share, and hence, hold on to this business and actually look to actually consolidate 
this market and grow further, is what we are seeing here.  
 
So, the second table is about transactions. So, if you look at the first row of transactions 
attempted, which tells you that last quarter, 9.1 crore transactions were attempted on a 
platform, last year quarter, Q3 FY'23, this year quarter 3, 9.38, which tells you that the 
number of customers coming to our platform has only increased. And that actually brings a 
lot of comfort to us that Spice Money continues to be the chosen platform for AePS business 
in emerging India.  
 
Now, what has happened is, while the customers continue to come, transactions increased, 
but the success rate has gone down, which from 5.64 of last quarter has come down to 5.6. 
And that's primarily because of limits that have been put by the issuer banks on the Off-US 
business. And there also has been a surge on AePS frauds, which is where, regulator or NPCI 

 
Page 8 of 23 
or banks have put in secure checks, which is a two factor authentication to limit frauds. And I 
think that's a very welcome step. And such measures have actually led to a higher rejection, 
and hence a lower success ratio. So, the second table I am summarizing is customers in 
emerging in that continue to come to Spice Money platform.  
 
The next table, which is again very interesting and that will draw comfort on how we are 
looking at this business going forward, is when we break our SMAs into three categories, the 
large AePS SMAs, which are contributing to about 50% of our overall GTV, the medium and 
small.  
 
When you go deeper in them, you realize that the large AePS SMAs, that business has grown 
despite the de-growth in the AePS industry. So, they contributed Rs. 6,605 crores of GTV in 
Q3   FY '23, their contribution has grown to Rs. 6,638 crores in Q3 FY '24. This and I am going 
to summarize this conversation slightly later. And when you look, go deeper, is the small AePS 
SMAs GTV where we have seen a considerable dip. So, what they were contribution Rs. 1,597 
crores in Q3   FY '23, they have reduced to Rs. 1,431 crores.  
 
This tells us two things. First, the Adhikaris who are serious in this business, who are 
committed to doing this business are staying. Those who don't see this as an attractive 
business opportunity are moving out, Number one.  
 
Number two, the large contributing Adhikaris continue to choose Spice Money. This shows 
that they are committed to this platform. This shows that they are wanting to grow with 
Spice Money. This shows that our platform is serving them well for the Adhikaris who are 
committed to do financial services leading from AePS in emerging India. 
 
The second data point that I want to draw your attention is, AePS, when we look at our 
states, the geographical stand point, our AePS GTV in the top 3 states has actually grown. So, 
from Rs. 7,311 crores in Q3 last year it's gone through Rs. 7,367 crores. I am saying this is 
again despite industry degrowth. This tells us that states where we have dense distribution, 
we are able to consolidate market. We are able to consolidate this business and this business 
continues to grow despite the Off-US industry stagnating or degrowth. 
 
However, when you look at the GTV in the remaining states, we are showing de-growth. 
There is also a learning for us and an opportunity, which means that we need to grow density. 
So, when density grows beyond a certain threshold is when you start to consolidate that 
market. This is another finding that came out from our BCG project, when we did an exercise 
with BCG on a strategy and it is getting validated in the data that we are seeing.  
 
So, what we see as key drivers of AePS business is number one, what we call platform 
stability. Second is what we call network density. So, we have to have a minimum threshold 
of Adhikaris in that network per population. And third is fraud controls. We have to be 

 
Page 9 of 23 
responsible players. We cannot have customers coming onto our platform, Adhikaris using 
our platform and customers or Adhikaris being subjected to frauds and this we will play a 
significant role to stop this.  
 
Next slide, please. The second services I want to talk about is collection. In the collection, I 
want to break this into two categories. First, I will talk about agent collection, which we call 
CMS and the next one is customer, we will call, that is BBPS I will call, I will talk about that in 
the next slide. When you look at your collection business, it continues to grow over 50% on a 
Y-o-Y, this is the second business line, which we started about two and a half years, actually 
three years now. And over the last two years has significantly grown. We are live with 61 CMS 
partners.  
 
And now if you go deeper on this, and I am going to draw your attention to this slide, to this 
table below the graph. Wherein if you look at the large CMS SMAs, which means SMAs doing 
greater, Adhikaris doing greater than 30 lakhs of collection business in a quarter, that was 
2,616 of them in Q3 last year. It's grown to 3,574. So, that's been the 37% growth in the 
number of large counters Adhikaris doing collection business, CMS business. And needless to 
say that GTV growth has been higher from around 4,000 crores to 6,716 crores, which is a 
67% growth.  
 
What is and why is this happening? Actually, there are two reasons that's happening. One is, 
as you grow partners, so our enterprises, which grew from 55 last quarter FY '23 is going to 
61. What happens? It takes about one to two quarters for us to significantly take a share of 
the enterprise collection and that's exactly what we see here and we are seeing a reflecting in 
the numbers over a quarter or two. That means per enterprise we are now able to 
demonstrate more business. That's the first key sign of growth here and that's the 
opportunity for us. Can I extract more business per enterprise? Number one.  
 
We have 61 CMS partners. Can we increase the number of CMS partners? Answer is yes, we 
will continue to work on that. And third, which is today at 3,574 large CMS SMAs, can this 
number grow more? Answer is yes, this number can significantly grow. So, these are the 
three again big driving levers for us to grow the agent collection business, what I call CMS. 
 
Next please. Again, one of my favorite slides. This is what we call consumer collections. Now 
this is a very, very interesting slide and I want to draw your attention here. This business 
again, on a Y-o-Y basis has grown from Rs. 871 crore to Rs. 1,096 crore which is a 74% growth. 
What is far more interesting here is something again I am going to talk about in the table 
that's below the graph. Sorry, let me also articulate BBPS, what we call the two big categories 
here, obviously the first big category is the loan repayment. So, this is EMI paid, MFI 
consumers, NBFC consumers onto our platform through BBPS. So, they are walking up to an 
Adhikari and paying their EMIs.  

 
Page 10 of 23 
 
The other categories on BBPS primarily is electricity bills and other utility bills. This is the 
category, I just want to bifurcate the bill payment here. When you look at this, when you look 
at the table below, you will see that the number of consumers coming to our platform to give 
their bills, which was 9.6 lakhs in Q3 FY’23 is 19.6 in Q3 FY'24. So, on a Y-O-Y basis, this is the 
2x. So, the total transacting consumer base walking up to our Adhikaris to pay their EMI bills 
or utility payments has doubled.  
 
The most interesting is the second line; is how many of them are coming back again or was it 
just a one-time exercise? 5.48 lakhs was repeat customers in Q3 last year. This Q3 it is 13.89, 
which means the repeat customer is growing at a faster rate, 2.5 times. What does this show? 
This demonstrates to us that this consumer has a relationship with, respects, understands 
this Adhikari. He trusts this Adhikari. He knows that there is an Adhikari point where I can go 
and deposit my EMI collections, and I can pay my bills.  
 
So, it is now started to attract consumer relationship on my Adhikari network. What is 
unfolding it is a customer relationship, a customer engagement at my Adhikari point. And 
which kind of customers are these? These are customers who have taken loans, the 
customers who are paying an average ticket size of Rs. 1,700/-.  
 
So, it also gives you a segment of consumers that we started to attract. They are just not 
Aadhaar oriented who are withdrawing money. And for us the opportunity is then over a 
period of time. Is this a consumer base that we want to cross sell other products like savings, 
deposits, even credit? So, here the big growth is, there are, today we have, 135 lenders. 
There will be more billers. We continue to grow billers. BBPS is continuing to add more and 
more lenders. We will continue to do that.  
 
Second is have more density. We have more Adhikaris activated on this, have more places 
where consumers can reach out, can reach out to our Adhikari network. We want to work on 
that more. And hence, that will lead, in our opinion, our data says that it's an organic 
repetition of consumers coming back to our Adhikari again and again.  
 
Next slide please. Now I want to talk about the two new business lines that we have been 
building. First is the banking. So, you will recall last year, same quarter is when we had 
launched banking, our first relationship was with Axis Bank when we started to distribute 
CASA. That quarter we did 64,518. That number, by this quarter, we have done 2,56,620 
savings accounts. Current accounts, likewise, 230 has got scaled up to 16,465.  
 
Now, this is clearly showing an opportunity of growth for us. And over the last one year, we 
have taken a lot of steps to work with Axis Bank and second is to onboard another payments 
bank which is NSDL. So, with now, Axis and NSDL, we believe we are sitting on another 
opportunity to scale banking in emerging India. Roughly, this 3 lakh accounts today have a 
float of nearly Rs. 100 crores, Rs. 98 crores to be precise. And if you look at the average 

 
Page 11 of 23 
balance, in our opinion, it's a very healthy balance to start with. We are very confident that 
this balance will actually increase with time and with vintage.  
 
The other interesting data point here is that since you start a new business line, it might takes 
time for Adhikaris to start adopting a new business line. And here again, the number of 
Adhikaris who opened more than 5 accounts has from 2,754 has now become 10,000. So, 
there are 10,117 Adhikaris who opened more than 5 accounts. That means there is a segment 
of Adhikaris who have started to understand offering banking to the consumers in their 
community and we believe that this number will only increase.  
 
So, what is our focus here? One is we will have now two multiple, two banks. One is a 
payment bank. One is a very large private sector bank. We continue to work with both of 
them. Today we have 37,000 Adhikaris who are live on this, on CASA. Can we increase this? 
We have headrooms to grow here. With headrooms we believe that the number of Adhikaris 
who will take this up as a significant new business line will increase. Today they have 10,000 
Adhikaris who open 5+ bank accounts. We believe that this number will increase. And as they 
increase the balances will increases and with balance, the opportunity for us to get more 
consumers onto our platform and hence offer more cross-sell products like even deposits will 
increase.  
 
Next slide, please. On credit, again, a business line that we scale up over the last 12 months. 
We have disbursed about 93,000 loans over Rs. 250 crores till date. 2,407 was the number of 
Adhikari and Grahak Loans that we disbursed last year, same quarter. That's 22,400 this 
quarter this year. It's 8 times and amount of Rs 7.9 crore was the value of disbursement last 
quarter, is Rs. 30.5 crore this quarter. Is there headroom for growth? The answer is yes, there 
is headroom to grow. Again, a new business line will take some time for us to grow. But we 
are seeing a very, very strong affinity of our own Adhikaris to do this business and consumers 
walking up to Adhikaris for this business.  
 
We are working a lot on getting lenders on our platform. We are working a lot on customizing 
products. This is rural India. You have to have the right product set. What will work in 
Mumbai and Delhi might not be the right product that will work in emerging India. Hence, 
customization of products is very important. And how do you offer them? How do you make 
an Adhikari seamlessly offer? Like just an AePS transaction or a CASA account opening, credit 
products in rural India will be key. And these are the two, three big building blocks that we 
work on as we scale up the credit business.  
 
I am going to hand over to Sunil to take us through the financials. I am more than happy to 
take any comments and questions post the financial highlights. Sunil, over to you, please.  
Sunil Kapoor: 
Good afternoon, everyone. This slide contains about the Spice Money financial highlights with 
respect to the standalone company where the FinTech business is lined. And if we see that 

 
Page 12 of 23 
we have grown quarter-on-quarter in terms of the customer GTV by 2% and the year-on-year 
growth is 11%, and 9% growth is for the 9 months ended.  
 
Consequently, there is a little bit dip on the service fee revenue quarter-on-quarter, but on 
year-on-year basis, it has grown by 6%. And the gross margin, little bit headwinds on the AePS 
side, which we had explained in the earlier slide, that has caused reduction in the gross 
margin, which we see that will have an impact in the JFM (January, February, March) quarter 
also, but we understand that will get stabilized in this quarter because there is a change of 
how to do the transactions on the ground or on the platform with the 2FA introduction.  
 
And on the indirect cost sites, we have done some operational efficiency with respect to that 
indirect costs from the last year same quarter, has come down by Rs. 2 crores. So, in result of 
that, EBITDA is Rs. 4.3 crores against the Rs. 5.6 crores. And if we see the nine months period, 
and year-on-year, there is a significant growth in the EBITDA.  
 
And on the EBIT side, which is flowing straight from EBITDA to EBIT, Rs. 8.7 crores against the 
Rs. 10.1 crores. And on the PAT side, this is a better PAT due to the consultant cost was in the 
previous quarter, that was an exceptional item. And that's why the PAT has improved in 
comparison to the EBIT, lower EBIT from the previous quarter. And if we see on the nine 
months ended, the EBIT has from negative to Rs. 25 crores, which is an overall impact on our 
financials and growth prospects. And consequently, the PAT has also from negative Rs. 1.7 
crores to Rs. 7.1 crores.  
 
Next slide, please. This slide contains about the consolidated financial summary for the 
continued business and it consists of what in the previous slide I have explained about the 
Spice Money numbers as a standalone and the second category is with respect to others. So, 
on the other segment, we were having a onetime higher income in the previous quarter of 
2.7 crores due to which there was a better EBIT and PAT. So, that's why if we remove that 
impact, so we will be PAT neutral with respect to the overall results.  
 
We can move to the next slide please. This slide represent about the discontinued operations 
in summary form where we can see that overall profit before tax on this business is reducing 
sharply even considering the onetime items also. So, there is a Rs. 5.3 crores from Rs. 21.1 
crores in quarter 1 and we expect that in this quarter, JFM quarter, we will be having only the 
expense on the side of closure of the companies where this business lies and because it has 
foreign operations also, foreign companies also. So, we are in the process of closing those 
companies and going forward, it will be the range of kind of 1-1.5 crores only with respect to 
the closure of the business and legal and professional expenses.  
 
That's all from my side. Thank you. Amit? 

 
Page 13 of 23 
Moderator: 
So, thank you everyone for an excellent and a very detailed kind of a presentation. So, we can 
begin with Pratik Chaudhary. Pratik, over to you. You can ask your question now.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, on the AePS side, whatever has been happening in the industry which has led to the RBI 
putting in more checks and balances, where do we see, I mean, is there a possibility that 
consolidation will take place from here on and maybe the smaller players will close down or 
will get acquired or how? And consequently, how would you see our market share 
increasing?  
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pratik, we clearly see that this industry is going to get consolidated. I think, we definitely 
view the fact that lots of players who enter the space through tying up with banks to start the 
AePS service will have to look into their processes and systems and RBI will surely set in 
certain guidelines which all the AePS service providers will have to comply with. So, we 
believe that a combination of the impact that we are seeing on the ground where there is 
people who do this business as their core business, which is what we call the large Adhikaris 
on AePS, they are growing. So, basically, there will be a consolidation at that level. 
 
Second, we are seeing that players who have more presence on the ground and a scaled 
network will do better in terms of economics. And I think more importantly to your point, 
Pratik, that RBI setting in certain guidelines, which will call for a certain changes in the way 
players have been onboarding merchants on their platform and following certain guidelines. 
That in itself will create a situation where lots of smaller players may find it difficult. So, we 
do see a situation where there would be a certain level of consolidation in this space.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And to what extent do we see our market share increasing? And also before that, these 
smaller players, what would be their percentage contribution in the industry or market 
share?  
Dilip Modi: 
Well, it's a very long tail if it's fragmented at certain level. Of course, there are a few players 
like us and others who have a double-digit market share, but it is a long tail, Pratik. So, 
consolidation will happen. I think for us, as we showed in the presentation, we are very 
strong in certain states. Of course, we will protect and grow that share, but there is an 
opportunity for us to enter new markets and also on the strength of our platform and brand, 
get market share from smaller players there as well.  
 
So, I think it's going to be a state by state market share growth story. At an all India level, we 
have a market share of close to 17%, but on a state by state level, as we build network 
density, we will be able to add to our market share in that state and therefore to the overall 
industry. I feel like we see UPI where you have few large players who are dominating the 
space. There is no reason why the same cannot apply to AePS, which also serves as UPI for 
rural India.  

 
Page 14 of 23 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
We had on boarded Boston Consulting Group in the last year and there have been a number 
of new initiatives or new developments that have taken place post that. One is the Guarantee 
Yatra that I see on LinkedIn page, where a number of your senior management have been 
putting up. So, what is this Guarantee Yatra about? And also, you can tie up what have been 
our learnings or from Boston Consulting exercise and where are we sort of seeing our 
company transition or take benefits from those learnings?  
Dilip Modi: 
Yeah, before I bring Sanjeev in, on this point, Pratik, since you mentioned about Guarantee 
Yatra for us, I think our vision for this business is a much longer-term vision in terms of 
building out a very strong last mile delivery network of formal financial and banking services 
to emerging India.  
 
So, this yatra was more around, going to nearly 22 cities and meeting up with our distribution 
partners on the ground, and kind of updating them on the developments in the space, talking 
to them around the new products that we want our Adhikaris to be trained on, talking to 
them about other compliance and KYC norms that we want our Adhikaris to be followed. And 
therefore, a lot of this was about engagement, education, and also really effectively talking 
about the opportunity in terms of business growth.  
 
So, the guarantee was more around that, we believe that if our distribution partners can work 
with us on the ground to deepen our presence in some of the key geographies, we believe 
that there is a strong possibility for them to earn significant income from this business.  
 
So, the guarantee was more around, you know, a two way promise where they guarantee us 
that they will ensure a healthy network on the ground and we will ensure that we will keep 
bringing in products that can add to their income and the income of the Adhikaris on the 
ground.  
 
So, it was an engagement process, a very deep engagement process and we learned a lot on 
that on the ground. On BCG, one of the main points they did talk about in our analysis with 
them was around network density. And that is also something that we touched upon in this 
yatra along with our distribution partners. But maybe I will let Sanjeev talk more about our 
engagement with BCG and how that has benefited us in our thinking about the way forward. 
Sanjeev!  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
So, Pratik, our purpose of engaging BCG was again to narrow down on what we need to do, 
how we need to generate, be a more efficient organization, right, in our overall strategy. I 
think what is it is clearly laid out few tasks set out for us and how we work on one, let's say 
few key building blocks like density, like a very, very important organized playbook of how we 
engage them early when you onboard them and how do you remain in engagement? How do 
you engage with them over a period of time in terms of breaking them into different 
categories and engage with them? So, these are papers that we have designed with them and 

 
Page 15 of 23 
I think that now what we are trying to execute is a very focused strategy in a very measured 
way and that's clearly reflected. So, that's the larger piece.  
 
Second was, this has also helped us to identify the adjacent revenue opportunities. So, for 
example, in different markets of the country, how they have broken them down into 
potential, potential on credit, potential on savings, potential on even commerce. On basis of 
these, they have given us pin codes where the opportunity exists and then they very clearly 
told us that these are the areas that we should focus on building a network.  
 
So, I think the larger point I'll say is two. One is have a very focused strategy for execution to 
generate more and more operating leverage. Can we build a better, more efficient 
organization? And second is what are the new business lines that we should chase and 
where? These are the two big ones that we have taken.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And there was an announcement a couple of months back where we tied up with the Wibmo, 
which is a PayU company. What are the developments on that front?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
Pratik, we have a PPI license, we are a PPI license holder and we believe that there is an 
opportunity for the cash consumer to go digital in emerging India. Can we be a network that 
onboard them early and make them digital? That is the opportunity and for that we 
partnered with Wibmo to build a product with us.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And just last question. The losses you were saying will not continue materially going forward, 
from the discontinued operations.  
Sunil Kapoor: 
Sorry, can you repeat your question please? 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
You commented on the losses from discontinued business. So, will March quarter, will it be 
the last quarter where we will be seeing these losses?  
Sunil Kapoor: 
Effectively yes, and going forward only there will be an expense to kind of closure of those 
companies where this business was existing. So, in quick response, that's by 31st March we 
will be closing the operations fully and only the closure of the companies will have expenses 
with respect to legal and professional, what I commented about, which will not be kind of say 
30-40 Lakhs per month to just closure those companies from legal and professional.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And I was going through a LinkedIn page. There have been a number of very key people from 
very experienced backgrounds that have joined our company. And so if you could tell more 
about the same, you know, how are we transitioning in terms of building a very strong 
organization? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pratik, once we took a decision that as DiGiSPICE Technologies we will focus on the 
FinTech segment and especially FinTech for emerging India, I think both at a management 

 
Page 16 of 23 
team level, on a board level we have been bringing on the team lot of experience and wisdom 
around growth in the space. As you would have seen, we have brought in senior professionals 
both in operations as well as in product and technology as well as in legal and compliance and 
even at a Board level, we have brought in people who have worked with some of the largest 
banks in India.  
 
You know, when it comes to financial inclusion, as well as work significantly in rural banking, 
so both a combination of technology and experience in the banking domain because we do 
believe that FinTech is two words, fin and tech. And so, at the end of the day, we need 
experience of both financial services and technology. So, how we leverage technology 
without compromising at, you know, how do we run a sound, robust financial services 
business which has to work with guardrails. So, I think that is helping us and hopefully you will 
hear from some of these team members as we go forward. Sanjeev, you would like to add to 
that?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
No, I think you covered it.  
Moderator: 
Thanks, Pratik. Before we proceed to the next question, anyone who wishes to ask a 
question, either raise their hand or type the question in the chat box. Thank you.  
 
Next question comes from Harshit who has written a question. What is your outlook on the 
FinTech business with respect to the RBI guidelines which have come in? So, if you can talk a 
little bit about that, sir, differently.  
Dilip Modi: 
I think, the regulator is really has been encouraging for the FinTech sector to grow in 
partnership with the banks. In fact, they have been very keen that banks and FinTechs work 
closely together. A lot of the narrative has been around guardrails. And I think in that context, 
there has also been discussion around setting up SROs or self-regulatory bodies, which 
FinTechs are part of. And therefore, there could be certain guidelines which the FinTech 
industry can apply to themselves in terms of self-regulation so that it doesn't come in the way 
of innovation.  
 
But I think overall, directionally, you know, our experience has been that the regulator is very 
positive on growth and inclusion and innovation, but very clear around the right guardrails. 
So, I think there is a lot of emphasis on self-regulation and so therefore going forward I think 
the onus is on the FinTech industry to be able to self-regulate itself in terms of building 
guardrails, which can allow for sustained robust growth.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dilip. Another question from the chat box comes from Urvija Shah. What is our 
KYC process in terms of compliance with respect to RBI guidelines and also role of an 
Adhikari? 

 
Page 17 of 23 
Sanjeev Kumar:  
So, we follow the necessary guidelines for onboarding any Adhikari. There is a KYC process 
that has been defined by the banks and we follow that completely. Indeed, actually, we go 
few steps further and I have taken for few more measures from our side to ensure the 
identity of the Adhikari, the genuinely of the shop from where he is doing business, right? 
And there are certain, again, rails that we have put on transaction monitoring area that he 
operates all of that to ensure that we are able to comply from the more consumer from a 
more in the spirit basis rather than just taking few documents. So, the role of Adhikari, 
obviously here, I mean, the KYC is done on the Adhikari. The role of Adhikari like we just work 
in our entire business is, he is using our app, the Spice Money Adhikari app to deliver all the 
financial services to consumers who are walking up to the Adhikari to avail them.  
Moderator: 
Next question also comes from the chat box from Preetam Bajaj. So, the recent event has 
actually is a guiding force behind several questions of same nature. What kind of impact can 
you see on DiGiSPICE business after RBI took the action on Paytm recently?  
Dilip Modi: 
You see, for us, it's only what we read in the media about what's happening in this space on 
this company. I think for us, we are continuing to focus on our business model and on our 
journey, which we outlined. I think for us, we want to continue to scale as an assisted 
platform business on the ground. I think it's very clearly recognized that AePS will serve as the 
UPI for rural India where we will use the AePS rails to connect small businesses and 
consumers in emerging India to the formal banking system. So, we will continue to keep our 
focus on that. And as Sanjeev said, continue to build on the agencies, around products, 
around savings and credit.  
 
So, I think for us we have a very clear roadmap ahead of us and we will continue to go down 
that roadmap. Of course, such events gives us an opportunity to also introspect and see that 
what are some of the, as you scale, what are some of the challenges one faces in terms of 
making sure that we have the right processes, especially around compliance and guardrails. 
So we will definitely show that we look internally to make sure that we are able to keep those 
in mind as we scale. But effectively, we are very focused on our roadmap and we will 
continue to in that path.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question comes from Shyamanand, again from the chat box. What are 
the company's plans on wallet-driven business and NBFC license? Also, what is the future of 
this industry? And next few years, if the management can spell out, how does the 
management sees the opportunities and growth potential for the company?  
Dilip Modi: 
So, I think, maybe I will get Sanjeev and Sunil to also come in, but effectively, like Sanjeev 
said, we do have a PPI license. It's up for renewal, but we are hoping that the regulator will 
renew it, but it's up for renewal. So,  the wallet license does allow us to talk about digitizing 
cash. It's a product that has been in the market for a long time, but with the inter-operability 
with UPI, suddenly a lot of use cases opened up. It also allows small ticket transactions to 

 
Page 18 of 23 
move from the CBS platform of the bank to the wallet system. So, therefore, there is an 
opportunity to build use cases.  
 
I think the NBFC, directionally, lending is a big opportunity. There is a need for capital that 
small businesses need to grow in emerging India. We do have significant number of small 
businesses operating on our platform, looking for capital. And given that we have them, have 
digital access to them and data and ability to build customized products for them, there is an 
opportunity for us to do lending.  
 
We do believe that NBFC allows you to put in place a lot more systems and also get access to 
data because you then get regulated and it allows us to do more. So, we are seriously looking 
at the opportunity to get into that space. As of now, we operate more as an LSP, a loan 
service provider, as a platform. But we are keeping in mind the opportunity on the ground, 
seriously evaluating how to think about the NBFC license as an opportunity and we will come 
back to you once we have decided to take any formal steps in that direction.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, Dilip. There is Pratik Chaudhary for a follow up.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
So, when is the license up for renewal? Which month?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
30th June.  
Dilip Modi: 
June this year, June '24.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And in your experience or knowledge, have other licenses been renewed for other 
competitors of ours?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
Yes. Pratik.  
Sunil Kapoor: 
So, it's a normal process. 
Sanjeev Kumar:  
It's a normal routine process, Pratik.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And also taking cue from the previous participant, what sort of growth we could see in the 
major focus verticals we are targeting in FY'25 or FY'26? Where do we see our organization 
going in terms of the total income we earn?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
So, Pratik, I don't want to hazard a guess on a number, but I think like we spoke on the four 
service lines, there are different stages on each line we said, I think the opportunity is very 
clear of consolidation. There are a few players who stay. Can we take a lead there? One, on 
collections we see definitely a lot of headroom to grow and we will continue to build that. 
Savings and credit just started. So, I think we just started there. So, again, those are 

 
Page 19 of 23 
businesses that should scale. So, I think on all four business lines, we are very, very bullish 
and we should continue to grow over the next few years.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
So, on the percentage contribution, AePS is almost 70% of our income. To what extent do you 
see AePS reducing over the next two years in percentage contribution? And the corollary to 
that question is, to what extent do you see banking and credit increase in percentage terms 
which are only 1% each right now? 
Sanjeev Kumar:  
So, I will give you an answer to that. I think I had called this out about 2-3 quarters ago is that 
cash-in cash-out which was obviously larger cash-in cash-out which was a larger percentage 
over 90% earlier. Our first goal was one, at a much higher gross margin, can we bring that to 
50%, which means not that that business numbers will go down but other business lines 
should increase at a faster pace. I think that is the opportunity. So, that is the opportunity, 
Pratik, we will see on all businesses. AePS also, again I continue to say, continues to be a hero 
product and at least for the next few years that we see, we definitely see it as a major 
contributor. And on the back of it, we see the other business lines contributing more to 
increase the overall pie. 
Pratik Chaudhary: 
What would be the margin difference between say AePS and banking and credit? 
Sunil Kapoor: 
So, as we mentioned it out that for the credit piece of lending, we are a LSP, and margins is 
on the kind of a referral and collection support. And from the AePS and CMS standpoint of 
view, these are the transactional business where our gross margin is kind of a fix in terms of 
percentage. So, I would say that with the product mix getting changed, our dependence on 
the AePS and cash-in product will go down, what Sanjeev has mentioned. So, from gross 
margin proportion standpoint of view, this will be, we look forward that we can reach out to 
a kind of a 50% share with respect to other products in the coming one to two years.  
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pratik, if you look at building on Sunil's point, you see the graph on the take rate that we 
have, which is close to 40 basis points. As Sunil mentioned, as we move towards more 
products compared to product-led revenue compared to transaction-led revenue, the overall 
take rates will move up, right, as the share of those products, revenue grows. So, we will 
move anywhere between, you know, 40 bps will grow as the overall pie grows in that space 
because we are moving towards higher margin products.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
Sir, how do we see the, you know, there is an Airtel Payments Bank. I mean, in terms of our 
competitors, there are a number of private companies. There is an Airtel Payments Bank. 
There is someone like India Post, NSDL, and then there are players like BLS E-Services, which 
has got listed, each having, I mean, it's difficult to comprehend all of it into one, but if you 
could briefly tell about what is our differentiation with respect to these players and in terms 
of our reach, in terms of our current products and future roadmap, how would we be 
differentiating? And what are our strengths or weaknesses as against these players? 

 
Page 20 of 23 
Dilip Modi: 
Pratik, let me first talk about, I think the two categories of players you mentioned, one is you 
mentioned about the payment banks, the three payment banks that you mentioned, And the 
second one you mentioned about a corporate BC, right? For us Pratik, we are neither, right? 
We are neither a payment bank nor we are a pure corporate BC. And so, while we definitely 
have our Adhikaris who are also retailers for some of the payment banks, our business model 
and our focus on which lines of business to focus on is very different.  
 
We see ourselves as a platform business, unlike a payment bank or a corporate BC. And 
directionally, we focus more in terms of building our network where we are sitting between 
consumers, small businesses and formal financial institutions like banks, NBFCs and others. 
And so, as a platform player, while there are cross points with the payment banks, effectively, 
we are also partnering with them to enable distribution of their products and services.  
 
As far as corporate BCs are concerned, these are pure corporate BCs. We are not at all a pure 
corporate BC. Our participation to be able to deliver these services is through a BC model. But 
we are not a pure corporate BC model. So, our approach is very different. Our business model 
is very different. For us to enable some of these services, we have to participate as a BC, but 
we are not a pure corporate BC. So, very clearly, we see ourselves as a platform business 
that's enabling formal access to formal financial services to small business and consumers in 
semi-urban and rural India. And we will continue to scale as a platform business.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And on the, say, the MSME part, or like you also mentioned that you might, I mean, there is 
an NBFC plan as well. So, in the pin codes that you operate, what is the size of opportunity 
available in terms of the credit which will be given out to say MSMEs? So, will we be focusing 
on retail more and retail obviously because in rural areas, the ticket sizes would be very less? 
So, what on this front? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, if you look at the lending opportunity, Pratik, very clearly there is a strong MSME lending 
opportunity for us in the market we are present. And effectively, if you look at our Adhikaris, 
they are MSMEs themselves. In fact, they are more micro than small and medium. So, the 
first part of the MSME, the first M, which is micro, is really the Adhikaris we already have on 
our platform.  
 
So, Pratik, the biggest opportunity we have is to first lend to them. And this is a significant 
base. They have been transacting with us for a long time. We have data around them. We 
have access. And therefore, when we think about building a robust lending business, our first 
right to place by lending to our own Adhikari base. And I think that's what we are gonna focus 
on going forward. And I think this has significant headroom both in terms of secured and 
unsecured lending products. And therefore, our ability to provide them capital on terms that 
are better and more importantly, provide them more customized products, which is what 
perhaps is lacking in the ecosystem and the fact that we have digital access to them enable us 

 
Page 21 of 23 
to do it at unit economics that works for them. So, I think for us, that's the really low-hanging 
fruit when it comes to starting to think about building out the lending business.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And how big would just the Adhikari themselves and in terms of whatever business they do 
and the larger ones on your platform that contribute majorly to your income, what sort of 
AUM ballpark you can roughly estimate that the Adhikari themselves would need in terms of 
credit requirement? 
Dilip Modi: 
So, Pratik, I really want us to come back to you with more concrete plans on our lending 
business. But I think just to give you a sense, we have looked at credit score data of our 
Adhikaris. In fact, we have a product on our Adhikari platform which is Check Your Score. And 
many of our Adhikaris have used the product to check their score and it allows us to 
understand a lot about which are the existing to credit and new to credit Adhikaris. All I can 
tell you is that we believe that there is an opportunity to build a sizable AUM business on the 
back of lending to Adhikaris and that's why we are seriously evaluating the NBFC option.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
And these Adhikaris, as you said, that they also have retail for some of the payment banks. 
So, in terms of the major ones that you have, ones that are contributing majorly to you, the 
Adhikaris, in terms of their own income profile or their own earnings from their business, do 
you see that, I mean, is this the case that Spice Money is contributing majorly to their 
revenues and profits or is it that they are sort of equally being tied up with products and 
services from other payment banks or other entities?  
Dilip Modi: 
I think, I would specifically talk about the payment banks, Pratik. Their focus continues to be 
on account opening and building up balances in accounts. We as a platform business are 
focused on plethora of financial products. And so, by definition, I believe that we have one 
advantage where we can bring more products to the table because as a platform business, 
our focus is on number of transactions and fee income.  
 
So, we have more to offer to that Adhikari, which we believe will lead to more wallet share of 
the Adhikari compared to, in your example case, just purely a payment bank, which is more 
focused on opening up accounts and balances while our presentation, as you saw, is creating 
more products for that Adhikari and even going forward in the credit distribution space more 
products.  
 
So, I think, directionally, we will look forward to offering the Adhikaris more products and 
opportunity to earn more income and I think the Adhikari will really skew their wallet share 
more in terms of who can enable them to grow income more and if we can create that like 
one of the slides that Sanjeev took us through was on EMI loan repayment where we are 
seeing significant repeat behavior and this is traffic that we are bringing to the Adhikari of 
customers coming and repeatedly, repaying their loans which is a source of earning for the 
Adhikari.  

 
Page 22 of 23 
 
So, as we bring them both new and repeat customers and more products, I think, they will 
see significant earning opportunity to grow. So, our challenge, Pratik, is to keep making sure 
that we can help them earn more. And if we can make them earn more compared to what 
they earn from other partners, we will be able to increase our wallet share of theirs.  
Pratik Chaudhary: 
So, there is one last question and it has two sub parts. One is that, are these competitors also 
sort of converting their services and giving it out as a platform? And second, there was this 
recent interview where one of the MDs of payment banks said that they are lobbying the RBI 
to probably allow payment banks to also lend. If that were to happen, how would it 
potentially change our potential or whatever we want to do in the credit space?  
Dilip Modi: 
I think, Pratik, we don't know how the regulation would evolve. But yes, there is this talk 
about improving viability of the payment banks by enabling and this is a narrative or a 
discussion happening between the banks and the regulator. We will have to wait to see what 
happens, but for us as a platform play, we are already working on in the credit space. So, we 
continue to gather a lot of data and credit is a business that you need to do step by step. It's 
not a business you can just rush into. And therefore, we are also trying to figure out how to 
think about customer cohorts, underwriting models, and all of that.  
 
I think the switch between payments business and lending business is not as automatic. 
Lending business is a different business to a payments business, and you need to build the 
requisite capabilities to do a successful lending business. And for us, we are already building 
some of the key building blocks around this.  
 
So, I think to your point, will they function as a platform? Yes. To a large extent, they also 
offer CMS as a service. They also offer AePS as a service. So, they will look at those income 
streams as well. But as a payment bank, their focus continues to be on accounts and 
balances. And I think for us, it's more a matter of being able to do more with the Adhikaris 
with respect to products on our platform.  
Moderator: 
We have two questions from the chat box.  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
I think we have one question of Preetam. Any future plans of payment bank license?  
Dilip Modi: 
No, we have no such plans.  
Moderator: 
One last question from Pratik Chaudhary. Do we have metrics on how many customers 
enjoying MGNREGA are our customers?  
Sanjeev Kumar:  
We don't have right now. Pratik, in case you want, we will try and see if we can take it out 
and share that with you.  

 
Page 23 of 23 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sanjeev. Before we end the call, one last request to all participants. In case of any 
question, you may please raise your hand or type your question on the chat box. I think that 
was the last question from the participant side. If I may hand over the call to Mr. Dilip now for 
his closing remarks. Sir, over to you now.  
Dilip Modi: 
Thank you, Amit. Thank you, everyone, for taking out the time to come and listen into our 
presentation as well as participate in the conversation. This is a journey that we are on. It's a 
journey that we are taking very carefully and thinking through every step. We are hoping 
that, as we go step by step, as I said, we have started by saying, let's bring focus. So, let's 
focus on FinTech. That was the first part of the journey decision that we took.  
 
Second is, how do we simplify? So, like Sunil said, we have many companies in the structure 
that we need to shut down and close or simplify the corporate structure.  
 
And third is focusing on building a robust growth model for the company. And that is where 
Sanjeev and Sunil walked us through in terms of how we are looking at the business product.  
 
I think overall, what continues to excite us is the opportunity that emerging India presents. I 
think if we have to develop build a developed nation, I think billion consumers that live in 
semi-urban and rural India have to participate in the development story of India. And 
financial services is the bedrock of economic growth of any nation. And so, if the emerging 
Bharat has to grow, financial services penetration in emerging Bharat have to increase. And 
we believe that at Spice Money, we are building one such platform to enable access to formal 
banking and financial services to small businesses and consumers in emerging India.  
 
So, this is a long-term journey, but a journey that we are committed to. And we hope that we 
will continue to get your support, guidance, inputs as we go forward on this journey. Thank 
you so much. Once again, Namaskar. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, everyone. You may now exit the call. Thank you. 
Note: This transcript is provided without express or implied warranties of any kind and should be read in conjunction with 
the accompanying materials published by the company. The information contained in the transcript is a textual 
representation of the company's event and while efforts are made to provide an accurate transcription, there may be 
material errors, omissions, or inaccuracies in the reporting of the substance of the event. The transcript has been edited 
wherever required for clarity, correctness of data or transcription error.  
This document may contain “forward-looking statements” - that is, statements related to future, not past, events. In this 
context, forward-looking statements often address our expected future business and financial performance, and often 
contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “should” or “will.” Forward-looking 
statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain. These uncertainties may cause our 
actual future results to be materially different that those expressed in our forward-looking statements. We do not 
undertake to update our forward-looking statements. 
