SATYENDRA 
CHAUHAN
Digitally signed by 
SATYENDRA CHAUHAN 
Date: 2024.02.13 
12:45:04 +05'30'

Page 1 of 19 
 
 
“Escorts Kubota Limited 
Q3 FY2024 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. BHARAT MADAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR & 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. NEERAJ MEHRA– CHIEF OFFICER – AGRI 
MACHINERY BUSINESS DIVISION - DOMESTIC 
SALES  
MR. 
SANJEEV 
BAJAJ 
– 
CHIEF 
OFFICER 
- 
CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT BUSINESS DIVISION 
MR. ANKUR DEV – CHIEF OFFICER - RAILWAY 
EQUIPMENT BUSINESS DIVISION 
MR. SANJEEV GARG – HEAD FINANCE & TAX  
MR. PRATEEK SINGHAL – INVESTOR RELATIONS & 
ESG  
ANALYST: 
MR. ANNAMALAI JAYARAJ – BATLIVALA & 
KARANI SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 19 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Escorts Kubota Limited’s Q3 FY2024 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As 
a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Annamalai Jayaraj from Batlivala & Karani Securities. Thank you 
and over to you Sir! 
Annamalai Jayaraj: 
Thank you Darwin. Good evening. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private 
Limited I welcome you all for Escorts Kubota Limited’s Q3 FY2024 earnings conference 
call. I also take this opportunity to welcome the management team from Escorts Kubota 
Limited. Today we have with us Mr. Bharat Madan, Whole-Time Director, and Chief 
Financial Officer; Mr. Neeraj Mehra, Chief Officer - Agri Machinery Business Division 
Domestic Sales; Mr. Sanjeev Bajaj, Chief Officer - Executive Construction Equipment 
Business Division; Mr. Ankur Dev, Chief Officer - Railway Equipment Business Division; 
Mr. Sanjeev Garg - Head Finance & Tax; and Mr. Prateek Singhal, Investor Relations & 
ESG. We would start the call with brief opening remarks from the management followed by 
an interactive Q&A session. Before we start, I would like to add that some of the statements 
that the company makes in today’s call will be forward-looking in nature and are subjected 
to risks as outlined in the annual report and investor releases of the company. At this point I 
would request management for their opening remarks. 
Prateek Singhal: 
Thank you, Mr. Jayaraj. Good evening, everyone and thank you all for joining us today. 
Few highlights of company’s standalone performance for third quarter ended December 
2023 are as follows: Operating revenue at ₹ 2,320.4 Crores up 2.5% year-on-year, tractor 
volume at 25,999 units down to 7.2% year-on-year, highest ever quarterly construction 
equipment volume at 1,800 units up 48.9% Y-o-Y, railway equipment revenue at ₹ 205 
Crores down 17.8% year-on-year. EBITDA for the quarter ended December 2023 up by 
64.3% came at ₹ 312.7 Crores as against ₹ 190.3 Crores Y-o-Y. EBITDA margin at Q3 
stands at 13.5% up by 507 basis points year-on-year mainly led by improved realization, 
effective cost control, and softening in commodity price. Net profit PAT up by 48.8% to ₹ 
277.3 Crores as against ₹ 186.4 Crores year-on-year. 
 
Few financial highlights for nine months ended December 2023 are as follows: Operating 
revenue at ₹ 6,694.3 Crores up 8.6% year-on-year, tractor volume at 74,605 units down 4% 
Y-o-Y, highest ever construction equipment volume at 4,750 units up 53.6% year-on-year, 
highest ever railway equipment revenue at ₹ 737.1 Crores up 22% year-on-year, highest 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 19 
ever EBITDA at ₹ 902.9 Crores up 65.8% year-on-year, EBITDA margin at 13.5% up 465 
basis points year-on-year, highest ever net profit in nine months at ₹ 795.1 Crores up 88.6% 
year-on-year, net profit margin at 11.9% up 504 basis points year-on-year. This is our best 
ever nine months’ financial performance so far. 
 
Moving on to the segmental business performance. Starting with the agri machinery 
business, during the quarter ended December 2023 the domestic tractor industry 
experienced 4.9% decline in sales with 2.35 lakh tractors sold compared to 2.47 lakh in the 
corresponding quarter. This decrease was primarily due to erratic and deficient rainfall 
resulting in delayed crop harvest and lower Rabi sowing. Our domestic sales were down by 
5.9% to 24,628 tractors in Q3 FY2024 as against 26,181 in the previous year. Our market 
share stands at 10.5% at the end of Q3 FY2024. In Q3 FY2024 the export industry saw a 
27.2% decrease to 21.3K tractors as compared to 29.3K tractors in the corresponding 
quarter. Our export volume declined by 25.7% to 1,371 tractors as compared to 1,844 
tractors in the corresponding quarter resulting in a market share of 6.4% in the export 
market. Now approximately 47% of our total export volume comes from the Kubota global 
network in the quarter ended December 2023. Revenue for the segment came at ₹ 1,658.3 
Crores down from ₹ 1,708 Crores in the same quarter last year. The EBIT margin for the 
agri machinery business increased by 550 basis points to 13.8% as compared to 8.3 % in the 
previous year’s corresponding quarter. This improvement was driven by softening in the 
commodity price, improved price realization and effective cost control measures. As we 
move towards the harvest period, we anticipate a rise in the demand in the upcoming 
months as agriculture activity improve overall. On a full year basis, we expect FY2024 
Indian domestic tractor industry to degrow at around 6 to 7% as compared to record 
industry volume of FY2023. 
 
Coming on to the construction equipment business in Q3 our served industry segment for 
Backhoe loaders, pick & carry cranes, and compactors experiences significant growth of 
around the 30% odd led by crane industry 47% growth, compactor 49% and Backhoe loader 
industry up by 25%. Our total volume of manufactured and traded products reached all-time 
high in the quarter of around 1,800 machines, a 49% increase from the previous year. 
Construction equipment segment revenue came at ₹ 457.2 Crores, up 49.3% as compared to 
₹ 306.1 Crores in the corresponding quarter. EBIT margins for the division improved by 
607 basis points to 8.3% as against 2.2% in the corresponding quarter led by operating 
leverage, improved product mix, and better realization. The construction equipment 
industry strong performance across all segments attributed to increase infrastructure 
development project nationwide with the government focus on faster project execution and 
adoption of advanced technology and sustainable practice, we anticipate continued growth 
momentum in the construction equipment industry. 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
Coming on to the railway division revenue for the third quarter came at ₹ 205 Crores as 
against 249.3 Crores in the corresponding quarter. The EBIT margin for the quarter ended 
December 2023 improved by 532 basis points to 18.4% compared to 13.1% in the same 
period last year driven by more favorable product mix. Looking ahead we remain 
committed to expanding and diversifying our product line. At the end of December 2023, 
the order book for the division stands at more than 900 Crores plus.  
 
Now I will request the moderator to open the floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Gunjan Prithyani from Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Hi team thanks for taking my questions. Just reconfirming that in the opening remarks did 
you call out minus 6 to 7% decline for the tractor industry in FY2024? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
That is correct that is minus 6 to7 % for the entire year. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Then if I use that as a base, we are basically looking at almost nearly low teen decline in the 
Q4 can you just share some insights on what is really that we are seeing on the ground, is 
this inventory correction, is it genuine weakness in demand and how long do we see this 
persisting? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, you are right Q4 we are looking at about 12 to 13% decline vis-à-vis last year so overall 
the year would end between 890 and 895 units, and this is on a high base. Last year was a 
very high base, the highest ever in the tractor industry so if we end at about 890 or 895 for 
the current year that would still be about second highest in the history of the tractor 
industry. Now one of the key reasons for this decline primarily is as already mentioned in 
the opening remarks it is basically erratic and deficient rainfall in the western and the 
southern part of the country so the tractor industry has a direct correlation to the rainfall that 
is one of the primary reasons basically and another reason is that the commercial segment 
primarily when I say commercial I am talking of the brick industry and the mining segment 
that was a bit slow so these two are primarily the reasons for the decline. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Just two followups on that because if I look at the water reservoir levels, they are also quite 
meaningfully down from what typically has been the trend for last couple of years that 
really does not give confidence of things improving meaningfully or how should I read 
beyond Q4. I get Q4 is a demanding base and some of these issues around commercial 
segment is reflected in CV industry as well but beyond Q4 is water reservoir level a concern 
or how are you approaching FY2025 if you can share more colour around that? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 19 
Neeraj Mehra: 
It is a bit premature to comment on financial year 2025 as of now because I have already 
said that tractor industry has a direct correlation to the rainfall so till we get a meaningful 
indication on how the rainfall, or the monsoons will be next year it is a bit difficult. We can 
get to it around March or early April on how financial year 2025 would look. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Inventory levels in the channel are that something that we should be worried about, it is at 
the high levels any comments there? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, from EKL’s perspective actually not to worry on the inventory levels. We are currently 
at about 35 to 38 days of inventory levels, so we have been very cautious on this aspect 
over the last nine months, so our inventory levels are pretty much in control. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Second question from my side is on the export now clearly the expectations here were of a 
significant ramp up with the Kubota network and what I see is almost 20%, 25% decline in 
the volume numbers even when the volumes are quite small right now in context of what 
we are looking over the next three, five years so how should we look at the ramp up of the 
export business is it the merger that we are awaiting to close or is there anything to call out 
on exports? 
Bharat Madan: 
So Gunjan on export like we mentioned in the last call also was export will really pick up 
for Kubota network once the product development is ready which is what Kubota really 
needs but if you look at overall export still the share of Kubota export actually is going up 
even the total volume, whatever volume we have even now, I think it is almost 40-45% now 
which it has already touched and normally if you look at the markets both US and Europe 
are going through downward trends on the tractor industry perspective so we are seeing 
some pressure there but still Kubota actually has been buying these tractors and there is 
some new products which we are in the process of introducing which will happen in 
FY2025 and that will actually help us in picking more volumes for Kubota network too so I 
think long-term trend obviously you look at mid to long-term trend obviously is positive on 
export. There is lot of lineup which is happening now on the Kubota development side but 
obviously if you look at the short-term perspective there are obviously some concerns. The 
overall industry is down by 30% roughly. 
Gunjan Prithyani: 
Got it. I will join back the queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Raghunandhan NL from Nuvama 
Research. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Thank you Sir for the opportunity and congratulations on good margin performance. Sir 
firstly following on the tractor demand there are triggers like the timing of that Chaitra 
Navratri festive period, IMD and Skymet both have initially indicated expectations of 
normal to above normal monsoon and there could also be government support in terms of 
favorable policies so given these factors would you expect that the trend would be positive 
for FY2025 on the tractor side and also you will have a low base of 890000 to work with? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Thank you for the question, Raghu. First of all, 890 is not a low base it is pretty decent 
base, secondly what all factors that you have mentioned if all those factors come into play 
positively then of course we can see a positive upswing. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it Sir and second question was on railways part nine months growth is strong and even 
last two years growth was strong for this quarter there was a decline Y-o-Y would you 
consider it as temporary given that there is an order book of 900 Crores with things improve 
going forward if you can talk a little about what happened this quarter and the outlook 
ahead. 
Ankur Dev: 
I believe you are right as you are saying it is a temporary phenomena and the major revenue 
for our business comes from Indian railways and the supply happens based on the schedule 
which is received from them so it is basically low because of the supply schedule for Q3 
which we were having and if I talk about the order book we have done a order intake of 
more than 40-50% higher than what we had in Q1 and Q2 so it is a temporary thing and we 
will continue our growth momentum in the coming periods also. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it Sir and lastly to Bharat Sir in terms of company’s progress towards vision 2028 can 
you highlight status of certain key areas in terms of A amalgamation of Kubota Agri would 
you expect it to happen in the next two, three months, B in terms of exports of component 
would that start-off will pay next three to six months? 
Bharat Madan: 
Yes Raghu on the merger front I can give you an update so obviously all the approvals are 
in place so the matter is now pending with NCLT so I think it is up to NLCT when the final 
order comes so as you mentioned it can happen in next two three months so we are 
expecting it should happen within that time frame so on the component export side yes like 
I mentioned last time also so the team has been now working on this area and they have 
already shortlisted some of the component which they will be looking at exporting and as 
you mentioned in the manufacturing JV in Escorts Kubota there is already exports 
happening to US and Thailand for the component so obviously those business will come to 
us, it is a decent business right now, 100 to 150 Crores components are exported from EKI 
and I think KAI is also exporting some component to Thailand say another 60 to 70 Crores 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 19 
so it is a decent side of business and there is an intent to grow that business further because 
there is a lot of export which we are expecting will happen from India so definitely the team 
will work on that so they already started contacting suppliers and building a big portfolio 
but it is a good wish from Kubota side to shift part of the sourcing business from other 
countries to India. 
Raghunandhan NL: 
Got it Sir. Thank you very much. I will fall back to the queue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hitesh Goel from CSLA. Please go ahead. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Thanks for taking my question, Sir. This question is on TREM V norms so basically you 
had indicated that this will get extended beyond April 2024 for less than 50 HP segment so 
what is the indication you are getting from the government because I think in one of the 
concalls you had talked about September 2025 as the date for these norms? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, there is a formal communication now, so these have been actually extended to April 1, 
2026, so no impact for the next fiscal at least. 
Hitesh Goel: 
Got it Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mitul Shah from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Mitul Shah: 
Thank you for opportunity Sir. Sir, first question is on inventory. We are hearing industry 
wide inventory level of around 45 to 50 days primarily with higher inventory leader so we 
are saying our inventory 35 days so such a huge deviation, we plan to increase the inventory 
in March ahead of the Chaitra Navratri and how do you see that inventory situation for 
industry because Chaitra Navratri starting in second week so would that be filled up in 
March itself to boost the March number or it will happen only in April? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
I mentioned in my earlier comments that our inventory levels are currently between 35 to 37 
days so for the current fiscal we do not intend to increase our inventory and we intend to 
continue with this inventory as we go forward. With a lot of thought we have worked on 
this inventory, and we intend to continue as we get into the next season. 
Mitul Shah: 
Sir, second question on exports side again. Nearly 47% of the sales now coming from 
Kubota channel and without Kubota we were doing about 400, 500 kind of number per 
month and even after getting support from Kubota the number is not changing so sizeable 
deviation so how the strategy is working in terms of after this tie-up and Kubota channel, 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 19 
still we are selling Farmtrac, Powertrac, EKL how the branding on a broader basis the 
strategy change after this tie-up? 
Bharat Madan: 
There is a strategy paper which has been rolled out so obviously there are markets where 
both the brands are present today so we have got Kubota network as well as our Farmtrac 
network and there are countries where there is only Kubota network present and we are not 
there and now there are countries where only Farmtrac is present and Kubota is not there so 
obviously where there is no overlap there is not an issue so both brands will continue 
independently but where there are overlaps in the same country where both brands are 
operating so the idea is to integrate the channel which is why you have seen some impact 
coming on the numbers also where I took some time to really integrate the channel so there 
are some countries and with the distributors for both which brand will operate with whom 
but obviously now the idea is whosoever is the best distributor they will operate whether it 
is FT distributor then we will continue with FT distributor, if the Kubota network is strong 
we will continue with Kubota network but the same distributor itself for both the brand so 
the brand will continue in all markets so we are not discontinuing any brand from the 
company side and whosoever is the stronger channel partner we will continue with that 
channel partner and the other partner will be discontinued. 
Mitul Shah: 
By when do we expect completion of this dealer consolidation and any meaningful ramp up 
in export volume? 
Bharat Madan: 
So hopefully within next year they should get completed we already started working on 
this, but they are going market-to-market with Kubota, and I think the total market we are 
present is more than 60, 70 countries and Kubota is even more than that so obviously 
wherever there are overlaps we are addressing one-by-one on these markets. What we 
expect I think within next one year the entire integration will happen. 
Mitul Shah: 
Thank you and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mumuksh Mandlesha from Anand Rathi. 
Please go ahead. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Thank you so much for the opportunity and congratulations on margins in agri segment. 
Can we talk more about the vision plan related to new products which we plan to launch for 
domestic and exports markets just to get more sense what kind of products we are looking, 
which segments we are looking, can you help us understand more on this? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 19 
Bharat Madan: 
See in the mid term basis plan we have identified the wide spaces both individually because 
we said we will continue with all three brands, Powertrac, Farmtrac, and Kubota and they 
have white spaces in each brand so we are not present in all three brands across all segment 
and application so idea is to fill those white spaces so the product line obviously will 
include wherever there are gaps we intend to bridge those gaps so there is plan on the 
product development side on the next four years on how these works will really fill that gap 
because we are looking at increasing market share, so obviously the entire universe needs to 
be covered so that has been the plan and the R&D team and product development team is 
working along with the sales team for the development of this product and we will see the 
line up starting coming in from next year, new product launches will start happening from 
next year itself. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Something similar what is plan for exports market, what kind of products we are looking Sir 
to particularly develop for Kubota markets? 
Company Speaker: 
So, one obviously the emission norms are advanced so it is not something but we sell in 
India so that is roughly one requirement, second the quality standards if we were to sell 
under Kubota brand are quite high and stringent because their positioning is totally different 
so that means some changes are required. Even in the existing portfolio if we want to export 
obviously for Kubota brand or cobranded products some changes are being done to match 
their quality standards so those things are there, so essentially see if you look at the exports 
from India essentially we are always sub 75 HP segment which really sells in India now the 
maximum export we are seeing happening in sub 40 HP segment especially if you look at 
the European market 30 HP segment is the biggest export segment which is now happening, 
almost 13,000 tractors got exported last year under this segment so this is one segment 
which is a priority and not just Escorts I think there are all other manufacturers also 
targeting this segment now so it is becoming quite competitive but this is a segment where 
the product gaps are being addressed and the first priority which will cater to European 
market and then as you go to the north America or central American market then it will go 
with the higher HP segment which we will get into. 
 Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it Sir and just any update on the engine plant for the localization of the JV company? 
Bharat Madan: 
So engine plant will come up when we go ahead with the Greenfield facility which is a plan 
but certainly the engine line may not come up immediately, it may come up in second 
phase, the first phase we intend to look at first setting up the tractor capacity which will be 
doubled now and post that then we will start the engine line but right now I think is still in 
the discussion stage so the timing is yet we do not know which one will happen, it can also 
happen together, it can happen in phases so we have to come back. We have not really yet 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 19 
submitted the final plan to both the Kubota board and to our board but obviously the land 
acquisition plan has got the go ahead from both the boards so I think we are starting this 
process from this month so hopefully next three, four months we should be able to close 
that. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it Sir just lastly on the agri margin improvement which we saw this quarter has there 
been any price hike or a lower input cost benefit? 
Bharat Madan: 
Yes, both were there so if you recall in the last quarter in September we had taken a price 
increase so we did not get the full benefit last quarter so that impact obviously has come 
fully in this quarter and there has also been some deflation benefit which we got from the 
commodity prices in this quarter in tractor business so that is also reflected as part of the 
margin. 
Mumuksh Mandlesha: 
Got it Sir thank you so much for this. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jinesh Gandhi from Ambit Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Continuing on the previous question on the commodity side have we seen large part of the 
benefit reflect in 3Q or you are expecting further benefits in coming quarters? 
Bharat Madan: 
Actually now we are seeing some tightening started happening actually in construction 
equipment we saw some inflationary pressure in last quarter so that is why you see the 
margins in construction equipment are slightly down, so we took the price increase there in 
January to offset that inflation and in tractors again we are hearing there is some possibility 
of inflation coming in Q4 even though the quantum may not be high but those numbers still 
need to be finalized but we do not see a significant deflation benefit now coming in. I think 
the softness in commodity has already been I think more or less more even if it remains 
stagnant, I think we are good but otherwise basically your margin will increase. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Effectively the impact which we have seen in construction equipment on margin usually 3Q 
is materially stronger quarter than second quarter is it predominantly because of commodity 
price increase or there is something else there? 
Bharat Madan: 
So, it is a mix of the product mix obviously which is also one impact and partly of the 
commodity prices, so it is a combination of both. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it and lastly continuing on the construction equipment we are expecting this momentum 
to continue; however, if we go by outlook which industry has given which also there is 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 19 
reasonable contribution coming from construction end markets and the usual weakness seen 
in construction activity post election you expect reasonably good growth or this growth 
percentages will moderate substantially in FY2025? 
Sanjeev Bajaj: 
So in the short term we see that there might be a little bit of uncertainty when code of 
conduct comes in at the time of elections, which is early part of the Q1 of next year and also 
we can anticipate some caution when BSV kicks in January next year so these are the two 
factors which we need to keep in mind, but otherwise if we look at overall demand and the 
speed of the project and the kind of application of these equipments I think the average 
demand will continue like what it has been in this year other than these two factors which 
can be a little bit of disruption next year. 
Jinesh Gandhi: 
Got it thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Hi Sir thanks for taking question so first question is with regard to the new emission norms 
which I think got implemented for above 50 HP tractors what has been the experience there 
at the consumer level? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
The TREM IV norms which got implemented last year there has been an industry shift so 
basically there has been a movement downwards into the 41 to 50 HP segment so normally 
the industry size in this segment is about 7% which has actually now come down to 2% so 
industry for this particular segment will be around 20 to 22000 units for the entire year, 
there has been a drop of about 30000 units for the first nine months. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Can the industry take the entire price required to pass on these regulations or there is a 
challenge? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, the entire price has been passed on. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Second one is with regard to the tractor industry outlook which you alluded to compared to 
a single digit decline in December quarter you were already talking about double digit 
decline does it keep a substantial heavy lifting from the government or other agencies to do 
a revival post April? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
As I had mentioned earlier the linkage to the tractor industry is primarily on account of the 
monsoons so we will need to see how the monsoons pan out for the next fiscal year that is a 
primary thing the government’s focus remains there, also it will depend on when the 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 19 
elections happen in the Q1, if the elections are announced for the period April or May then 
it will impact the industry because normally the farming community gets involved in these 
kinds of elections so that is the scenario. 
Pramod Amthe: 
The second question is with regard to the railways sales how do you read the CPEX plan for 
this year and there are no plans for next four to five years if you can give more details on 
what part should go with that segment? 
Ankur Dev: 
As you know that we are basically into the business of supplying components for various 
kind of rolling stock which is being manufactured in India and majorly if we divide this into 
two segments the first one is a freight wagons and the government has already given long-
term orders for manufacturing of freight wagons to various wagon builders and there has 
been I would say continuous good tracking in this business and the wagon manufacturing is 
increasing month-on-month and I think this momentum will continue as they are laying out 
the dedicated freight corridor also to accommodate this newly manufactured freight 
wagons. If I talk about the passenger segment in this we have been hearing there is a lot of 
traction in terms of Vande Bharat coaches so I believe the rolling stock manufacturing will 
be having a good growth in the coming years and with that we are also developing a lot of 
new components for these Vande Bharat kind of passenger coaches so I believe we will be 
having a good growth in terms of industry and we should also be getting a good benefit out 
of that. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Abhishek from Dolat Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Abhishek: 
Thanks for opportunity. Sir what was the nine-month revenue and EBITDA of Kubota Agri 
Machinery and Escorts Kubota India Private Limited? 
Bharat Madan: 
We do not have the ready number because it is a joint venture which gets consolidated, so 
we do not do line-by-line consolidation there but like said roughly it is 500 Crores average 
revenue which comes each quarter so last quarter being a season quarter the average was 
about 600 Crores revenue. Overall EBITDA is positive so if you look at consolidated 
numbers for manufacturing and sales combined they were positive but obviously EBITDA 
numbers are lower than what Escorts has. 
Abhishek: 
In the last year EBITDA was in the range of around 1 or 2% so it has moved up because of 
the localizations? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 19 
Bharat Madan: 
No Sir there was a very good traction on the harvesters and transplanter business last 
quarter so we got a decent margin in the sales company on that account so overall combined 
if you look at integrated EBITDA margin I think for both manufacturing and sales JV are 
roughly I think about 5 to 6% now so it is improving which is a positive sign and that is the 
idea because ultimately the idea is to take it to the level where Escorts post merger and then 
that is the direction on which we will be working. 
Abhishek: 
In export business how does the geography mix in Europe and US market? 
Bharat Madan: 
As I mentioned both the markets are seeing a downtrend so there is a degrowth it is not just 
for us. I think globally we are seeing that and Kubota has seen that sort of degrowth now 
coming in the tractor, post COVID when the lockdown was there, there was lot of demand 
for the smaller tractor which is what has actually given this big boost to the small tractor 
segment in both these markets and now once the lockdown is open we are seeing some 
traction is coming, the demand is slowing down and then again huge inflation which has 
happened that is another thing which is impacting the demand in these markets plus 
obviously competition from other markets with the players from India and Korea which are 
becoming very aggressive so that is another reason we are seeing some sort of slowness in 
the global numbers for Kubota but that is the reason which is the advantage which is why 
Kubota wants to leverage Indian operation to use it as a sourcing base where they can 
compete in those market on cost front with the other players, the competitors so that is why 
you see the good opportunity going forward in the next two, three years, good numbers 
coming in from export. 
Abhishek: 
What is your target for the export mix by FY2026 or FY2027 in overall tractor volume? 
Bharat Madan: 
So overall we are looking at least getting to the number two position in the export. Last year 
we did only about 17,000 tractors in export but looking at the potential I think we nearly 
reach 20 to 30,000 tractors in the next two, three years. 
Abhishek: 
Thanks. That is all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot for the opportunity, Sir. Before the question, just a clarification Sir when you 
talk about the inventory numbers in terms of days, we are taking the last three-month 
average or what is the denominator what we are using? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 19 
Bharat Madan: 
It is annual number. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Annual number is it. 
Bharat Madan: 
That is right. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot for that and Sir on the Chaitra Navratri in April if you can just help us 
understand how big is that in terms of seasonality for the industry and for yourself as to 
how much of the volumes come from that particular season because we understand 
Dussehra is a very large one for the industry in the annual calendar but just to provide a 
context as to how big this season could be if you can just help us understand that? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, these Navratri’s compared to the Navratris in October-November season are relatively 
smaller, they are relatively smaller yes, they do have some impact, but they are relatively 
much lesser in terms of volume business compared to Dussehra, Navratri, and Diwali 
Dhanteras period. 
Pramod Kumar: 
But is it fair to assume that it should be more like half of what you typically see in the 
Navratri-Dussehra season in September-October, or it is bigger than that? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
It is slightly lesser than that. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Slightly lesser than thanks a lot and Sir on the network side because compared to the market 
leader if you can just help us understand what would be a network gap right now and which 
are the regions where there is opportunity for you to expand your network especially with 
the given product portfolio which you are trying to build with Kubota what could be the 
network opportunity here in the domestic market? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
See in terms of the network our current focus is actually the western and the southern 
markets, primarily it is the western market because western India that is basically Gujarat 
and Maharashtra they contribute about 20 to 21% of the total TIV so our primary focus is 
on those markets, in our stronger markets our network is more or less in place. There are 
some actions related to restructuring but in our stronger markets it is more or less in place. 
The primary focus going into the next year will be in the western part of the country and a 
bit in the southern part of the country. 
Pramod Kumar: 
South how much will be the gap Sir is there also meaningful gap between you and the other 
larger players in the region on the network side? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 19 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Yes there is a gap, but honestly south industry has shrunk over the last 18 months it now 
actually contributes only 15 to 16% of the total all India TIV so our primary focus now after 
the northern markets is the western part of the country. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Fair enough and last question on the pricing environment because we do understand it is a 
pretty fragmented industry there are a lot of smaller brands which are powerful in certain 
regions any given small town has like 15 brands available nowadays in tractors even in 
southern market which is shrinking so how is the pricing discipline been for the last couple 
of months when demand has been weak and how do you see that going forward given the 
fact that the profitability of the industry is inherently pretty high so how should one look at 
the pricing environment because it is not about only two, three players holding the price line 
but it is a pretty long list of industry participants so how should one look at the pricing 
environment given that we are having this down cycle after a fairly long period of gap. We 
have had a pretty good run for the last several years now so how should one look at the 
pricing discipline going forward Sir. 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Over a period of time the pricing discipline has been maintained so there is a slight change 
in the pricing when the peak seasons come in wherein all the manufacturers dole out certain 
discounts or certain customer schemes and that is for a set period of time so once that 
period is over the discounts or the customer schemes are rolled back and a normal pricing 
level comes into play so the pricing more or less is similar, it is different in different 
segments but more or less across the major players it is at a similar level. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Before I go just a confirmation in Vahan there was some problem with the database which 
you had highlighted earlier is it still continuing, or you see the Vahan data with a lag is now 
kind of getting reflecting the updated retail environment for practice? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So the Vahan data, the upgraded data, the last data which came in was for the December 
period and also for the YTD period, so it has corrected now it is more or less in line. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot Sir and best of luck Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Kishore from JK Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Kishore: 
Thank you for the opportunity. I had a question more around the long term in terms of 
where do you see the industry size stabilizing is it mostly penetrated in terms of new growth 
and when will it move to a replacement cycle? 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 19 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So we are looking at 6 to 8% CAGR over a long-term perspective that will continue looking 
at the focus of the government and various other aspects I think 6 to 8% CAGR should be a 
decent enough growth. 
Kishore: 
For how long Sir like do you see any saturation coming in at least let us say next five to 10 
years sort of a window or is it well beyond in your opinion? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
It is very difficult to comment but not in the near future not at all no saturation at all. 
Kishore: 
Got it thank you. Second question I had is on the equipment beyond your tractors especially 
with your now Kubota getting amalgamated how you see that other equipment beyond like 
your transplanter and harvesters how you see that market evolving in the next to three to 
five years. 
Bharat Madan: 
So implement market obviously has a good potential so as we know India has more 
tractorization so need for mechanization is still to happen so it is only the basic implement 
which are getting used in India so all the high-tech products I think will get introduced 
gradually and we are seeing the growth happening like harvesting already 70% penetration 
has reached in this, roughly in the earlier stages where you need to really have better 
implements and better attachment which will come so this one segment which we think 
should continue to grow I think in future even though like you said tractor industry made a 
saturation finally some days we do not know when that day will come but that is where the 
opportunity really exist and for other equipment to come into play which is why we are 
looking at most of the OEMs now going into that category. 
Kishore: 
Got it and last thing are you looking for any sort of external support from let us say the 
government or any big leaders which can help you sort of grow this space a little faster in 
the longer term? 
Bharat Madan: 
Well, I think in terms of support government policies are favourable for the agriculture 
sector and we expect the same trend will continue. I think the sectors in which we are 
operating infra and agri I think both are the favorable sectors from any government respect 
of what government comes to power but yes of late you have seen the support from 
government side in terms of like MGNREGA outlay has come down so you are seeing the 
liquidity issues are coming up in the rural area right now which is why the last one year 
seeing some demand got impacted not only across only tractor segment even in other 
segment we see the rural market has some impact on the demand side, but we expect that 
really will improve going forward like the MSPs are going up now so the government is 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 19 
going up so which is a favourable sign I think from government perspective we think the 
policies are favourable as far as the farmers are concerned. 
Kishore: 
Got it and anything particular on the implement side and with that I will come back in the 
queue. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Amthe from InCred Equities. 
Please go ahead. 
Pramod Amthe: 
So, thanks for this followup you had planned to or taken a permission to set up a NBFC 
right so in the context like recently there have been some instances of NPA would you be 
going aggressively on this layout; would you be setting up all by yourself the channels or 
what is the plan on captive financing? 
Bharat Madan: 
So the idea of setting up captive finance company was to make sure the customers are not 
lost to competition so there are areas where we are seeing some sort of pressure with the 
financing is an issue so the idea of having this finance company is to supplement the main 
business, core business which is on EV side so obviously that is the objective but at the 
same time the company will operate independently so the idea is not to really get into the 
NPAs and start getting into the full quality of customers so obviously that aspect will also 
get addressed and be taken care of so I think it will be a good balance which we intend to 
achieve and if you look at all captive finance companies I think most of the OEMs are 
operating with roughly 30% penetration on the captive finance arm so which is what I think 
we are also looking at going forward, it is not only 100% financing the other finances are 
already working with us they will continue to work with us and wherever the financing is 
easily available that is not our target segment the idea is to approach the customer and 
markets where there are difficulty in getting finance and there good quality customers 
available so that is a segment which we will really target in the finance company. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Any timeline Sir when you want to roll it out and what penetration you will achieve this 
year or next year? 
Bharat Madan: 
We just incorporated the finance company last month and we intend to apply to RBI for 
license now in this month so it takes I think some time six to eight months from RBI to 
issue the license and once we get that registration in place till that time mostly the entire 
backend action will be done and hopefully within next fiscal, we should be able to launch 
those company and start financing. 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 19 
Pramod Amthe: 
The second one is the followup for this TREM emission, there were also discussions to 
classify tractors as agri and non-agri and give concession only for agri anything agreed by 
the government how this concession will apply to non-agri tractors? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
So, there is nothing of that kind as of now, so all tractors are primarily from agri 
perspective. 
Pramod Amthe: 
But the concession was sought with the thinking that the tractors are sold to agri but as we 
know there is a 30, 40% which goes to transport right any thoughts there, any conclusion 
arrived? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
See like you said the main purpose of tractor is to be used in agriculture application. The 
use in haulage or other activity is the secondary use it is not a primary use for the tractor. 
No one buys a tractor only to put for commercial activities, so the main purpose still 
remains agriculture which is why this distinction has not been done by the government. 
Pramod Amthe: 
Sure, thanks and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pramod Kumar from UBS. Please go 
ahead. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot Sir most of the questions have been answered but if you can just help us 
understand on the replacement cycle given that we have been having both agri and infra 
doing very well and normally in such cycles the tractor variant is also higher so if you can 
just help us understand how do you see replacement cycle or by when do you expect 
replacement cycle to kick in, in a good way for the industry given the strong growth what 
we have seen in the last three, four years? 
Neeraj Mehra: 
Replacement cycle of a tractor depends on the application it has been used and also on the 
geography so more developed markets actually and from agri perspective the replacement 
cycle varies between 5 to 8 years. If a tractor is actually being used for both agri and 
commercial perspective then the replacement reduces a bit, so it varies between 3 to 6 years 
or even 7 years but a normal replacement for a natural tractor varies between 5 to 7 years on 
an average. 
Pramod Kumar: 
Thanks a lot Sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you Sir! 

 
 
 
Escorts Kubota Limited 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 19 
Prateek Singhal: 
Thank you, ladies, and gentlemen, for being present on this call. For any feedback or 
queries please feel to write us on investor.relation@escortskubota.com. Thank you very 
much and have a good evening. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Batlivala & Karani Securities that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
