                                                                                                                                                    
 
                                                  Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
   CIN: L72200DL 1992PLC049074, Registered Office: E-44/13, Okhla Phase II, New Delhi 110020, India 
                                                                        Tel: +91 11 46533200, 26384060, 26384146  Fax:+91 11 26383963 
  Date: 22nd January 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai – 400001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
Bandra- Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400051 
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
Scrip Code – 540900
Ref.: Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
(NEWGEN/INE619B01017) 
 
Sub.: Outcome Transcript – Conference Call – Q3 FY’24 
 
Dear Sir/Ma’am 
 
As intimated earlier through our letter dated 10th January 2024 regarding the Conference Call of the 
Company, which was held on Tuesday, 16th January 2024 at 4:00 P.M. (IST), please find enclosed herewith 
a copy of the transcript of the said call with the Investors/ Analysts. 
 
The transcript of the said call shall be made available at the website of the Company under the URL 
https://newgensoft.com.  
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
For Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
Aman Mourya 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl.: a/a 
AMAN 
MOURYA
Digitally signed by 
AMAN MOURYA 
Date: 2024.01.22 
17:50:17 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 16, 2024 
 
 
  
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. DIWAKAR NIGAM – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
 
DIRECTOR – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MR. T.S. VARADARAJAN – WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – 
 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. VIRENDER JEET – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MR. ARUN GUPTA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES LIMITED 
 
MS. DEEPTI MEHRA CHUGH – HEAD, INVESTOR 
 
RELATIONS – NEWGEN SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGIES 
 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MS. ADITI PATIL – ICICI SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call of 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask 
questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference 
call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Aditi Patil from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over 
to you, ma'am. 
Aditi Patil: 
Thank you, Muskan. Good evening, everyone, and welcome you all to the Q3 FY'24 results of 
Newgen Software Technologies. We have with us today from the Newgen management team, 
Mr. Diwakar Nigam, Chairman and Managing Director, Mr. Varadarajan, Whole Time 
Director, Mr. Virender Jeet, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Arun Gupta, Chief Financial Officer; 
and Ms. Deepti Mehra Chugh, Head, Investor Relations. 
I now hand over the call to Ms. Deepti for further proceedings. Thank you, and over to you, 
Deepti. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you so much, Aditi. Hi, everyone, and happy new year to all. Before we move on for 
the discussion, let me highlight that this call may contain certain forward-looking statements 
concerning Newgen's future businesses prospects and profitability, which are subject to a 
number of risks and uncertainties, and the actual results could materially vary from the 
forward-looking statements. 
Past performance may not be indicative of future performance. The company does not 
undertake to make any announcement in case any of these forward-looking statements become 
materially incorrect in future, or update any forward-looking statements made from time to 
time by or on behalf of the company. For further details, you may please refer to the Investor 
Relations section of our website. 
I would now hand over the call to Mr. Nigam for presentation of the results, which will be 
followed by a Q&A. Thank you. 
Diwakar Nigam: 
Good afternoon, everyone, and wishing you a very happy new year. Thank you for joining us 
for our Q3 FY'24 financial results call. Newgen has always endeavoured to deliver consistent 
business performance in this quarter continues to be in that direction. We witnessed a record 
revenue quarter with revenue reaching of INR324 crores with a growth of 27% Y-o-Y. 
During the quarter, we also saw robust profitability and significant cash flow generation, 
highlighting the financial strength and resilience of our operations. Our revenue growth 
remained diversified across various geographies, specifically in our traditional markets of 
EMEA and India regions. 
In the India market, we are witnessing significant opportunities in digitization in the lending 
space, especially for MSME segment, where many customer journeys need to be described, 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
including integration with public digital infrastructure. Additionally, corporate and commercial 
lending, previously automated in part, is now moving towards end-to-end automation. 
Other area of focus includes trade finance automation, digitization of supply chain financing, 
and agri lending digitization. The India region witnessed a revenue growth of 29% Y-o-Y 
during the quarter. We are expanding our presence, growing the value share, and fostering 
stronger relationship through cross-selling opportunities in our installed base of public and 
private sector Indian banks. 
During the quarter, we further strengthened our collaboration with one more Indian public 
sector bank by providing the crucial trade finance supply chain finance solution with a total 
order value of INR18 crores. We also won an order from the leading player in the financial 
services industry, offering asset and liability product solutions for providing our Loan 
Origination System platform. India region, we witnessed robust revenue growth of 42% Y-o-Y 
during the quarter. 
As we have highlighted earlier, in the Middle East region, there has been a notable surge in 
requirements for innovative banking solutions. Financial institutions in the region are actively 
deploying advanced technologies and digital platforms to offer more efficient, secure and 
customer-centric banking services. Newgen is helping customers in this region by delivering 
solutions and services that cater to their unique requirements. 
In the APAC region, we witnessed the growth of 17%, and in Americas region, we had a 
growth of 13% Y-o-Y. We have extended our relationship with existing customers in these 
regions, including a large order from a leading global multinational bank in the Singapore 
region and one of the leading banks in Philippines as well as a leading health care company in 
the U.S. 
We continue to witness upward trends in our order booking from existing bank customers as 
well as healthy new logo additions. We added 11 new logos across geographies in Q3. For the 
year till date, we have added 38 new logos. During the quarter, our annuity revenues were at 
INR191 crores, comprising of subscription revenues of INR96 crores. Our implementation and 
support revenue grew at a faster pace during the quarter. 
Newgen has been at the forefront of modernizing technology stakes, leveraging ambitious 
innovative tools and frameworks like generative AI, open APIs, micro services, and intuitive 
UIs. These investments have enabled us to make application development faster and smarter, 
meeting the evolving need of businesses in a rapidly changing digital landscape. We are 
extremely delighted with the response our products are getting from customers across different 
geographies as well as recognition from the industry analysts. 
We have been recognized in October 2023 in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Low-
Code Application Platforms fourth time in a row. We have also been recognized as a strong 
performer in Forrester Wave, a Digital Process Automation Software. Newgen is also 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
positioned as a leader in Everest Group's Low-Code Technology Providers in Insurance - 
Products PEAK Matrix Assessment. 
Underscoring our commitment to delivering effective and innovative solutions, we have 
recently introduced NewgenONE Marvin, a Gen AI powered enhancement to our end-to-end 
automation platform, NewgenONE. NewgenONE Marvin is set to support organization in 
rapidly transforming customers' digital journey through faster and smarter application 
development, automation of customer journey, as well as the help in building better customer 
engagement framework. 
Marvin combines the power of low code with Gen AI, empowering business users to bring 
best practices into business by creating the necessary elements using Gen AI. This will help us 
in rapidly developing different state-of-art use cases across sectors. Our multi-versatile team 
plays a crucial role in delivering excellence across various aspects of our business operations. 
We are harnessing the combined powers of our global workforce that has expanded to 4,000 
people now and steadily growing and maturing in line with business growth. 
On the sales and marketing front, we continue to work on enhancing the customer's 
engagement, strengthening our team and partnership network, expanding our digital presence. 
We have recently partnered with Duck Creek Technologies, a leading provider of 
comprehensive property and casualty insurance software and services for insurers, to offer 
NewgenONE OmniDocs Contextual Content Services platform to insurers. 
Our recent customer meet in Mumbai, EkAM 2023, was a resounding success, providing an 
invaluable platform for meaningful interactions with our stakeholders. The event served as a 
testament to our commitment to customer engagement, fostering a positive environment of 
networking, knowledge sharing and showcasing the strength of our product team and 
relationship with our valued client base. 
On profits and margin, we delivered healthy growth in profits and expanded net margins 
during the quarter compared to same quarter last year. Profit after tax was INR68 crores, 
witnessing a growth of 45% Y-o-Y. During the quarter, apart from investing 10% of our 
revenue on R&D initiatives, the company invested 21% of revenue on various sales and 
marketing initiatives. 
On balance sheet, we witnessed a strong cash flow generation with our net cash generated 
from operations activities for the nine months ending 31, was INR193 crores. Our net trade 
receivables were INR342 crores at the end of December, which resulted in net DSO of 106 
days. Keeping in mind our shareholders interest, we have recently declared a bonus in the ratio 
of 1:1. 
In the nine months ending December 2023, our revenues were INR869 crores, witnessing a 
growth of 30% Y-o-Y. Profit after tax was INR146 crores, witnessing a growth of 51% Y-o-Y. 
We are looking forward to an exciting 2024, energized by the prospects of continuous growth, 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
innovation and success. We continue to be committed towards building cutting-edge solutions 
and focusing on customer centricity to achieve newer milestones. We are now open for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We have our first question with Aditi Patil. Please go ahead. 
Aditi Patil: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. So at the start of the year, you had mentioned that 
order book is growing faster than revenue at around 30% plus growth. Can you provide some 
color on the order book growth momentum currently? And like based on this order book 
growth, do you expect a 25% plus growth in revenue to continue in the near term, like for next 
two to three quarters? 
Virender Jeet: 
Good evening, and thank you, Aditi. Aditi, it is right, I think, over the last few quarters, the 
order book has significantly grown and that's also on account of larger deal sizes we are doing 
with the customers. And some of these order books are typically one year or multi-year as 
well. So right now, I think for the first nine months, our order book growth has been roughly 
around 20% for nine months period. However, the order book which we have already 
accumulated over the last four quarters, there's a significant part of that yet to be executed over 
the next two, three quarters. 
We do see generally, our growth will be more determined from our deal velocity and in terms 
of new deals which we win in the market. And out there, we're convinced that as the market is 
right now looking both India, Middle East, and also the markets where we are trying hard, like 
U.S., all are showing good traction. And we find that the growth momentum can continue. 
Exactly what the numbers would be, as I told last time also that our Q3, Q4 are significant 
quarters. We've seen a higher growth rate in the Q3 quarter. It has given us more confidence to 
have a strong Q4. But we'll have to wait for exactly what the numbers are going to be. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. So in this quarter, there was a Y-o-Y decline in the license revenue. But like Q3 
is traditionally has been seasonally strong for license revenue. So was this because of already 
you have recognized a good amount of license revenue in first half of FY'24? 
Virender Jeet: 
You're right, I think. So basically, what there are two parts of license revenue. We are also -- at 
the beginning of the year, we said that license growth rate is going to be lower than the 
company's growth rate because we are also looking at subscription-based revenues coming in, 
which are part of coming in annuity. 
Still for the year, we have grown the license for nine months for a period by around 25%, 
which is -- and then the subscription has grown by around 33%. So it continues to grow. So we 
don't see that as a concern. Q3 has been strong, but last year Q3 was phenomenally large on 
license deals. So if you compare quarter-on-quarter, it looks flat. But on the year basis, it's 
growing at more than 25%. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And the growth in subscription revenue, is it largely driven by growth in U.S. 
geography, or in other geographies also you are able to get subscription based deals? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Virender Jeet: 
I think U.S. predominantly is the larger base, but other geographies are where we are adding 
the new logos and new customers out there in subscription. So right now, the growth is 
determined as an outcome of total company's revenue across all geos. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And -- so this quarter we also saw good growth in the government and health 
care verticals apart from BFSI. Can you give some color on what is adding growth in these two 
verticals? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think right now, for both these verticals, I would not say that, they have been growth drivers. 
But what has happened, some of our existing contracts or existing accounts have been 
significant deals, especially in health care in U.S., we've got a substantial deal, which has 
reflected in growth in that account. Government, I think right now the base numbers are very 
small, and any deal every quarter can change the number significantly. I will say that still the 
growth is being driven by financial services for us, that too banking predominantly, and all the 
other segments are following that. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. And one last question on the Gen AI based new product which you have 
launched. So what is the interest among clients for this product? And are you able to price 
higher for NewgenONE Marvin? 
Virender Jeet: 
So basically, what's happening globally, all products are looking at leveraging AI to drive use 
cases and drive functionality. And with the kind of innovation and the interest markets have 
seen in Generative AI over last, it's a natural expectation from all product categories to 
leverage that. 
So our Marvin is an extension for the same in terms of we are looking at how we can enhance 
the low code capabilities of our products, how we can enhance the content management 
capabilities of the product. So these are horizontal capabilities added to our products, which 
will just make our products better and more competitive in the market. 
Some of these components are priced separately if the customers buy, but most of these 
capabilities get bundled as part of the enhancement of the product in that. So we are not 
looking at Marvin on its own to drive revenue streams, but we are looking at it as essential 
capabilities to augment our product to make it more competitive for both mature markets as 
well as our existing customers. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. So like all the new deals which you will be winning, they will include this Marvin by 
default as part of the default offering? 
Virender Jeet: 
Most of the time, it will be priced as a component or it may be part of the default offering. 
Aditi Patil: 
Okay. Got it. Thank you. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you, Aditi. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from Baidik Sarkar from Unifi Capital. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Good evening and congrats on a very strong quarter. So Virender, clearly, we are in the midst 
of a new technology refresh cycle. How do you reckon we understand where exactly we are in 
the cycle, right? Are we significantly early days or do you reckon that we're closer to a more 
mature phase because refresh cycle perhaps started right after COVID? How do you reckon we 
imagine that, firstly? And secondly, how should we deconstruct the growth in your annuity 
business between newer logo additions versus ramp-up in existing users that we've already 
won, say, over the last few quarters? 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Sarkar. So you see on the tech cycles, I think every few years, I think, we have some 
major announcements happening in tech cycles globally, and they are determined from various 
factors. Right now, I think you'll see more coming from what's happening in AI and how it's 
influencing. But also previously, whether it was around cloud service platforms or mobility, 
generally, it's part of the product companies to be slightly ahead of the tech cycle, because 
when your customers are buying products, they are buying it for typically long-time usage. 
And they don't want to buy something which is not more contemporary and is not going to 
keep them slightly [0:19:31 inaudible] tech for technology innovation curve. 
So it's a structured process in any serious product company to stay slightly ahead of tech cycle 
and then invest right in time, so that you are not left behind or your products don't become 
obsolete. So I think we are quite comfortable. And what we think with AI the way AI as well 
as Generative AI, the way they are leaving changes in some of the ways the customers are 
going to consume the system or how the new use cases are going to be delivered, that's why 
we've a lot of investment in our -- the number theory acquisition was part of that plan, our 
generative AI launch is part of the plan. And more and more use cases are coming. So we think 
we are quite comfortable and in fact we'll be leading in some of these areas with our customer 
base. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
So if I can just position that question in a different way, right. So we know that EMEA and 
India is the bulk of our customer base, and we kind of know what the end user demand there is, 
right? So what do your conversations with the decision makers in this geography entail? Is this 
a refreshed budget that will continue for the foreseeable future, just given how much 
anecdotally we know digitization remains to be done in the system? I mean, if you could just 
give me a more granular sense of how your conversations in especially these two geographies 
not progressing, EMEA and India? 
Virender Jeet: 
Predominantly, if you look at India and Middle East, I think they are on the journey of 
basically doing what we call end-to-end digitalization. They have done a lot of digital 
initiatives over the last four, five years, which has been in, what we call, pieces or parts. And 
they are looking at transforming the complete customer experience or what we call the digital 
journey out there. And this is a use case which is happening across all major financial 
industries in these markets. 
Now where we are saying right now I think the largest business or the interests where they 
touch consumers is happening in the areas of specifically lending, and that's where the first 
transformation is happening. So lending still has got a lot of areas. Like Mr. Diwakar 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
mentioned, MSME lending is very important. Commercial lending is very important. Retail 
has always shown interest. So there is a cycle of that going on right now. And I would say we 
are at kind of half of that cycle being executed in India, but early stages in other markets. But 
then what is happening beyond this lending, then there are other areas opening up, which again 
need to be digitalized for that, where there's going to be next cycle there. 
Now the drivers of spend are determining how the business cycles of these financial like banks 
in India are right now spending on these cycles. So I think the business is moving forward. In 
some markets, they may lag by one or two years. So I would say that on this wave of even the 
digital journey, which we are right now writing off, we are probably in the early 20%, 30% of 
that cycle. And it may last next three to four years in different areas, unless there are more 
macro situations which affect spend patterns in the market. Does that answer your question, 
Sarkar? 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Yes. I mean it does. If I could just squeeze one last question which is tangential to this, which 
is getting to the new financial year, right? We noticed H1 versus H2, the absolute seasonality 
kind of contracted this year, FY'24, which means H1, to that extent, has a bigger base to be 
defended the next year. You do think this is a base we can defend comfortably as we step 
through the next fiscal, or would you caution saying that given how low the gestation period, I 
mean, it's something that is really not into bad just things I have today? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, one of the issues of any time you grow faster, you've got a next quarter challenge of 
growing faster than that. That becomes the dynamics of business. But having said that, in our 
business, there is some amount of annuity getting generated, which gets some compounding 
effect, whether it's through annuity revenues or through compounding ATSs. And generally, 
the relationships, once you start there long term, so they keep on continuing. 
So somehow, we are always comfortable going into next year, as the base of the business has 
increased substantially. Having said that, we strongly depend on our ability to go and sell 
again, which is the reason, post-COVID, we have really grown faster as the markets have 
opened up. So we'll have to still go and execute our business plans next year. But we don't see 
the market as a constraint. We don't see -- right now, the conditions in the market seem to be 
quite favourable, and our products and services are being received well. So I don't see any 
reason. But yes, there is lot of hard work for growth, which we need to still do. 
Baidik Sarkar: 
Thanks. Thanks, Virender. And all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Mihir Manohar from Carnelian Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Thanks for giving the opportunity and congratulations on a good set of numbers. Sir, largely 
wanted to understand the U.S. part of the business. I mean, we have had a strong growth in the 
last three quarters. This quarter, the U.S. business was soft, both on a Y-o-Y as well as Q-o-Q 
basis. So if you can give color why did that happen? And what is the movement which is 
happening in the U.S. strategy, specifically GSI part? That will be helpful. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
My second question was on the fact that, I mean, when we see the last year, last year 
specifically was a year of uncertainty. And even in that situation, I mean, we were able to have 
such a handsome growth. So just wanted to get your sense, now situation getting more certain 
with U.S. interest rates expected to remain in a certain range, how are you seeing the client 
conversations? And do we expect acceleration in growth given the fact that even in a bad 
period, you had a good growth. So some color around that? 
My third question was on the large logos. If you can throw some light. And have we added 
Tier 1s across any of the geographies, maybe APAC, maybe EMEA or maybe India, that 
would be helpful? 
And just last -- fourth question was, wanted to understand the deal size. What is the average 
deal size which is there currently? And what it used to be there, let's say, two years before, 
three years before? That would be helpful here. 
Virender Jeet: 
Mihir, thanks for these rapid-fire questions. I need couple of more drinks to remember all of 
them. But yes, I'll try. So see on the U.S., you are absolutely right. I think our aspiration to 
grow in U.S. is even much higher than the company's growth rate. And we think because that's 
a larger market and we've got an entitlement to do that. Having said that, we have grown by 
around 25% Y-o-Y in US this year. What is happening is in the other markets, we are 
receiving far better traction, and that's why we are still leading that growth. 
So it's not that the U.S. is not growing. But U.S. is not growing at the level of our own 
expectation, our own business plan. And so some amount of our GSI initiatives are still work 
in progress. Some amount of work in towards from midsized banks to larger banks is still work 
in progress. Opening of insurance vertical is still work in progress. So there's a lot of work 
happening. They have not yielded results on that. So I would say, U.S. is still work in progress, 
but we have still grown -- when we say work in progress, we've still grown at 25% in U.S. this 
year for nine months' period. For... 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sorry to interrupt, sir. Just a clarification. I mean, U.S. this year is triple-digit growth, right -- 
for this quarter, sorry, both on a Y-o-Y as well as Q-o-Q basis? 
Virender Jeet: 
So on Y-o-Y basis, for nine months, for U.S., we have grown at 25%, 24.96%, and 13% on 
quarter-on-quarter compared to last year. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. Sure, sir. 
Virender Jeet: 
Are we clear? 
Mihir Manohar: 
Yes. Yes. 
Virender Jeet: 
Now the second thing is about the certainty of the market. So if you look at the uncertainties 
people are talking about transferring of age, it's typically a mature market phenomenon. So one 
thing is, I think we hope that if the mature market starts delivering, our mature market 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
business, our GSI business, as well as the U.S. business should see a better traction once we 
are out of that, as we are also pivoting to larger accounts. 
But since our business predominantly is still driven -- the growth is driven from emerging 
markets, like India, Middle East, APAC, that's why we've been able to still substantially grow 
when there was pain in those markets. Now if the pain is less in those markets and we are 
having the same traction in our existing markets, we can also keep on growing faster or make 
better results happening in U.S. and Europe. 
On the large logos and large deals, I think the accounts which we have mentioned in both our 
press release and our investor deck, they're all typically Tier 1 accounts in India and Middle 
East. We're talking about Tier 1 banks, one of the top 10 banks. Similarly, in Middle East we 
are talking. In U.S., the order which we have got from the health care is a Tier 1 account. So 
there -- but we have not added large Tier 1 accounts in U.S. They have been existing accounts. 
So in APAC, Middle East and India, we have added Tier 1 accounts, but not in U.S. U.S. 
predominant business which has come, has come from existing accounts, which are Tier 1 
accounts. 
So on the deal size, I think I will have Deepti to give some details, we can give you more 
details. But generally, we keep on expanding. As you see, the number of logo wins are not 
changing substantially, but the growth rates are changing. So that's a function of our average 
deal sizes going up substantially. I don't have the numbers exactly, but I think we can share 
those numbers later. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. That's really helpful. And lastly, just on the GSI strategy. I mean, any uptick over 
there? 
Virender Jeet: 
I think it's work in progress. So I think GSI, there are multiple things right now. As you rightly 
said, GSI was predominantly focused on mature markets. And there's a lot of pain happening 
in those mature markets. And I think as a result of that, we have got some traction from them, 
but it's not as per the expectations the company had. So we're still working on it. I think our 
partnership with Duck Creek, Guidewire, those are going to help the whole GSI ecosystem. 
We are working on three more partnerships. So it will take a bit more time. 
Mihir Manohar: 
Sure, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you very much. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Mihir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And your next question is from Ashish Chopra from Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management Limited. 
Ashish Chopra: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just a question as a follow-up on your previous comment. Could 
you just explain in a little bit more detail the model that you would have in a partnership with 
someone like a Duck Creek, which itself would be an insurance product platform. So is it like 
a product that is having features from you, and hence you make revenues as they sell? Or what 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
would be the business model? And also the potential opportunity size that you foresee in such 
a partnership? 
Virender Jeet: 
Ashish, thanks for the question. So what happens, whenever we are talking of Guidewire, 
Duck Creek, or any Mambu for that matter, these are typically product-to-product alliances. 
There what we are trying to say that the use cases of Duck Creek in terms of what are -- the 
digital journeys which are implemented on our product have better support of working on 
Duck Creek platform. So what gives comfort to the customer is that any customer who has a 
Duck Creek platform and wants to reinvent low-code digital journey, Newgen becomes a 
better choice because the integrations are already established. So these are product to product 
integrations. 
The way we influence the market is that all of a sudden, the Duck Creek ecosystem becomes 
our prospect. And then we can run joint go-to-markets with either Duck Creek or with any 
other partner like the GSIs who have Duck Creek practices on that. One of our initiatives over 
the next two, three years is going to be to seed insurance in a big way in both the U.S. and 
EMEA. 
So in that, the property and casualty insurance is where Duck Creek plays strongly. And this is 
one of the areas where we are going to work both on claims and onboarding journeys. And 
that's where our product-to-product integration is one. So it's early stage. This is what I would 
call basic steps to go and enter these markets. And then subsequently, we'll have to do all other 
things to make sure we win those cases. Ashish, does that answer your question? 
Ashish Chopra: 
Yes. Yes. So just to ensure that I understand it correctly. So your contextual services platform 
becomes as one of the options that can be integrated into a Duck Creek platform is what is the 
messaging that you have given to the Duck Creek clients and hence that's an opportunity? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. Insurance customer who has Duck Creek as a platform, he is looking at content services, 
he is looking at workflow services, or he is looking at automation of digital processes. So we 
have automatically an alliance formed where the products work and talk to each other. 
Ashish Chopra: 
Understood. Understood. And which could be the other maybe large potential partnerships 
even in the banking platform, if any, that would exist today? 
Virender Jeet: 
So in banking, we don't go the same way, because in banking, over the period of time, we have 
already done integration with most of the core banking in the world. So we are already -- their 
credentials are quite established that we sit on any core banking and product solutions and 
services. But in U.S. -- when we went to the U.S. market, we did with all the U.S. core 
banking, we did these integrations with that. 
And on the Duck Creek side or Guidewire, which is another insurance player, this is what -- so 
insurance is a new area where we are going and implementing and solving larger use cases. So 
we're focusing on that segment to do that integration. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
Ashish Chopra: 
Understood. Understood. And my second question was around the license revenue segment in 
the overall revenues, which has grown now in excess of 70% over the last two quarters. So 
should that be construed as the flow-through from the high product license deals that we had in 
the prior quarters and hence which was normalized in line with the license deals that we 
witnessed? Or is there some other element to it that we should take note of? 
Virender Jeet: 
No, I think -- so difficult to exactly answer that question, but I think we do still expect the 
license revenues in the coming quarters to be substantial for us to grow. And so there's no 
rationalization. You could say that last year, Q3 license was very high, so this year we won't 
see the growth. But on a Y-o-Y basis, you will see license revenue growing. So as part of our 
growth still, since the number of deal acquisitions are still in the same traditional range, we 
still need lot of license deals for higher growth rate. 
So as the markets which are showing more traction are India and Middle East, there are going 
to be a lot of deals that are going to be license-based days. So we do expect even Q4, and even 
next year, to continue on license growth momentum. But having said that, some amount of still 
deals are going into subscription revenue and which will get accumulated in the revenue later, 
which will be the base of the revenue. 
So there is going to be some amount of -- so in the beginning of the year, I said that our target 
is to -- that license revenue will grow by 10%, 12%, and still we should be able to do a healthy 
growth, about 24%, 25%. So I think even next year, we should be in the same range. But our 
base of ATS will keep on growing and other subscription revenues will kick in. 
Ashish Chopra: 
Sure. I was referring to the implementation revenue growth because that is running far ahead 
of what probably the license sales growth is. So I wanted to know what other elements would 
be drivers of that? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, I think one of the reasons for implementation revenue growth is the larger deals which we 
are accumulating. So what happens, in larger deals, the ratio between license and 
implementation changes. So historically, in a 500 or 700 case deal, it would have been a 60% 
license and 40% implementation. But on a three million deal, it becomes reverse, or even the 
license becomes smaller. So that means we accumulate more implementation revenue, more 
support, more services revenue. And that's what's building growth in last quarter. 
I think this may continue for some, because the order books have grown over the last two 
quarters substantially. So some amount of implementation revenue may continue growing and 
support revenue may continue growing. But we do intend to increase the deal velocity and to 
keep our gross margins intact. So in the short term, it may have kind of a jerk for one or two 
quarters, but typically, in a slightly long term, generally, the annuity revenues will go faster 
than the, what we call, implementation and service revenues. 
Ashish Chopra: 
Understood. And just one last question from my side. So when we look at the very strong 
growth Y-o-Y this quarter on revenues, 27%, typically, in that scenario, we would have 
expected, let's say, the margin expansion to be higher versus the 70 basis points that we see 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
this quarter at the EBITDA level. Like you had mentioned in the past that beyond 15%, 20% 
growth, margins should expand. So just if you could maybe help us with a breakup there in 
terms of whether this is really the gross margin where we might have seen some adjustment? 
Or is it more on the operational expenses side so far? 
Virender Jeet: 
See, we have grown for nine months around 30%. And as we say, our budgets generally are 
always at that -- in the beginning around 22%, 23%. So any higher growth for that should get 
adjusted in the, what we call, margin expansion. But we have aspirations of growing even 
faster, so we keep on investing more. We did some -- I think we had a disclosure of doing a 
large consulting exercise in one of the Tier 1 consulting companies. There was almost near 
about $1 million cost which we have taken. 
There's also kind of some amount of one-time cost in SG&A, which is typically a supply of 
hardware, which has come in this time, which is added to the cost. So there is some amount of, 
say, $1 million, $1.5 million extraordinary cost this quarter. Otherwise, the margin could have 
expanded slightly. But I think, as we said, the guidance of typically a net margin of roughly 
around 19% and EBITDA of 23% is what we -- because we do want to invest again next year 
for higher growth. So that's where we are. But you're right, beyond 23%, 24% of cost, anything 
-- higher revenues will always expand margins.\ 
Ashish Chopra: 
 
Understood. That's helpful. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Chirag Kachhadiya from Ashika Institutional Equity. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. Sir, I have a couple of questions. So if you look at the 
net logo addition on year-on-year, it's showing a similar trend that what we have two years 
back also. So what's the strategy going forward to add the logo addition? Yes, I understand 
your comment that in absolute terms, on per logo bill, the business has expanded in value 
terms, but from a diversification perspective and reducing the concentration risk as we move 
forward, how are we going to add more and more logos, so customer client risk can get 
mitigated? 
And second, on annuity revenue growth perspective, what strategy is there to maintain this 
growth trajectory going forward? Yes. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thanks, Chirag. I think you're right. On net logo for all multiple years, our typical logos 
additions have been similar. And what we have said is that's part of function of how we are 
operating the business. We are pivoting away from smaller deals. We're pivoting away from 
typically the small banks, which we were trying to win in U.S., and we are going for larger 
deals and it's a conscious effort. 
Having said that, our ambition is to bring logo win rates higher than this. But that's a function 
when all markets perform equally. Right now for us, we can say, out of four markets, three 
markets are performing, one is very slow right now, because the mature markets are not firing 
back yet. So as other markets and we start diversifying slightly more into other verticals, we 
should be able to get better logo rates. 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
So you are absolutely right on that, but our targets would still remain at probably take this logo 
rate to 60 logos a year or 65 or 70. Not really, really high. We don't have concentration risks. I 
think we are typically one of the most least concentration of revenue or concentration of 
segments in that. So typically, we have got this kind of a revenue, INR1,000 crores revenue 
last year by roughly around 520 customers, and no customer contributes more than 2%, 3% of 
the revenue. 
So there is no concentration risk in our business. And when we say logos, these are net new 
logos added in that year. So we have also all the other logos. So I don't think the concentration 
is a risk. On the annuity front, as we clearly said, part of our license business, some amount of 
compounding of annuity happens through ATS and AMC, but also some of the license deals 
are shifting to subscription-based deals, which are automatically adding to the annuity. 
We do hope that our annuity licenses will keep on growing faster than the company's growth 
rate. I think this quarter is slightly an exception. But generally, if you look at historically, that 
has been the rate. And we may be back -- next quarter or next to next quarter, we may again 
come back on the same trend. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Yes, just one follow-up question, sir. I would just say, the economic scenario spanning out in 
the Western world, and second, in the last seven years, we almost made a 3x jump in our top 
line. So will this trajectory continue going forward? Any qualitative comment would be useful. 
Yes. 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think economic scenarios, what we have -- I think we are still operating in markets at a 
much smaller level. And we have seen the European pain. Europe businesses have really been 
slow for us. And some amount of also U.S. uncertainty in larger accounts has been there. As 
everybody is sharing, we are seeing also things are coming out. Customers are asking for 
proposals, they're asking for -- RFPs are coming out. 
We hope that things change. But I don't have the exact answer to that and I don't think 
anybody has on that. Yes, we have done phenomenally well over the last seven years, and 
there is no reason we should not do the same thing. But beyond that, I will not be able to state 
exactly how much it will -- whether we can do next 3x in three years or seven or 10 years is 
difficult to predict. 
Chirag Kachhadiya: 
Okay thanks. All the very best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I just have one question to Mr. Nigam's comment where he said 
we are working on helping banks related to some public digital infrastructure side. So can you 
slightly elaborate more what exactly we are doing out here? 
Virender Jeet: 
So I think, just to clarify, what we said, a lot of public sector banks, we are working on their 
digital journeys in terms of when they are trying to digitalize, their journeys to improve their 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
quality of service, improve their speed of service and skill, that's what we are helping. And I 
explained that, examples are like transforming lending end-to-end. 
A lot of work has happened and the government has invested in digital stack, India digital 
stack, how to leverage that and transform the digital journey for lending or a business loan. 
That's what we are helping Indian banks in that, and that's where we have got a lot of traction 
from these banks, and we'll continue to do that. Just a clarification. 
Rahul Jain: 
 
Understood. That’s it from my side. Thank you. 
Virender Jeet: 
 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the next question is from Sarang Sanil from RW Investment Advisors. Please 
go ahead. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sir, the implementation segment has performed very strongly this quarter, and you had 
mentioned that large deals would be a driver for this. But apart from that was there any lumpy 
project undertaken on the implementation side during the quarter, like a one-off? 
Virender Jeet: 
No. Sarang, thank you for the question. Sarang, no. So if you look at service revenues, you 
can't have lumpiness because of the nature of -- they're related on the execution, and you can't 
just ramp up execution for a quarter. So they are more sustained and slightly long term. There 
is no single client which is driving large numbers or value. So we added some large clients 
over the last 1.5 years. And those have -- the implementation and execution of those is driving 
this. But those clients continue to be added and we continue to do business with them. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure, sir. Also, in general, how is the demand environment in the U.S. geography? Tier 1 IT 
companies aren't seeing -- it's not very bright to them. And has there been a strong progress in 
this geography after opening up the branch in New York? 
Virender Jeet: 
So Sarang, I think this is a question typically which is -- see, I think the Indian industry 
discourses around services and how the service industry is completely depending on the 
mature market. And I think slightly, we are into a challenger ecosystem. We are a product-
based company. We do keep on servicing our customers. And what's important for us is to be 
in front of the customer. We have seen lately things improving in U.S., not account of opening 
office, but in terms of some amount of customers, especially our pivot to larger banks and 
larger banks looking at redefining and reinvesting in their digital journeys. That's where we are 
seeing some renewed interest in that. But I think we'll have to wait a bit to see how it pans out. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure, sir. So do you see any inorganic opportunities in pipeline? 
Virender Jeet: 
Our strategy around our core products and our core verticals, we are staying on that. Any 
opportunities which can augment that journey, we are looking at some of them. But right now, 
there is nothing exactly finalized or something. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Sure. So just to clarify, did you mention that the order book growth in nine months was 20%? 

 
 
Newgen Software Technologies Limited 
 
 
January 16, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes. 
Sarang Sanil: 
Okay. Okay. So could you put a number to the growth and margin expected in FY'25? Any 
upward revision from the 25% growth? Or do you see -- and on the margin side, do you see 
also reinvesting back into the business and maintaining the 19% net profit margin? 
Virender Jeet: 
Yes, so on the margin, we have kind of an understanding which we have built internally that in 
spite of investing for business, we should be able to keep on delivering those. But if we find 
opportunities to invest aggressively for growth, I think we can go out. There's no commitment 
or a defined value. That's what we have said. This is a number we can easily reach, and then 
over a longer period, we can expand that. 
See, on the projection of what's going to happen next year, I think it's too early. We will not be 
able to comment on that. And I think a lot of things will depend on in terms of our ability to 
execute our business plan. And right now, we are very, very hopeful that we should have good 
years. There's no reason we can't continue this growth momentum. 
Sarang Sanil: 
And I hope this year also goes well for you. 
Virender Jeet: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As further there are no questions, I would like to hand over the conference over to 
the management for closing comments. 
Deepti Mehra Chugh: 
Thank you so much, everyone, for joining. For any further questions, you can connect with 
me, or you can go to our website for further details. Thank you. Thanks all. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and 
you may now disconnect your line. 
