 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Office - One Skymark, Tower-D, Plot No. H-10B, Sector-98, Noida-201304 
T: +91120 4770770  F: +91120 4770771 CIN: L72200DL2000PLC108985 
Registered Office - 136, First Floor, Devika Tower, Nehru Place, New Delhi-110019 
One 97 Communications Limited 
compliance.officer@paytm.com 
www.paytm.com 
February 02, 2024 
 
BSE Limited  
Department of Corporate Services  
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
Scrip Code: 543396  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
The Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai - 400 051 
 
Symbol: PAYTM 
 
 
Sub.:  Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of the conference call dated February 01, 2024 
 
 
  
Dear Sir / Ma’am, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find enclosed the transcript of the conference call, conducted on February 01, 2024, on 
update on RBI direction to PPBL, OCL’s relationship with PPBL and the way forward.  
  
The 
above 
information 
is 
also 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
https://ir.paytm.com/investor-events.  
 
Kindly take the same on record.   
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours Sincerely,  
For One 97 Communications Limited  
 
 
Sunil Kumar Bansal  
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
Encl. as Above 
  
SUNIL KUMAR 
BANSAL
Digitally signed by SUNIL 
KUMAR BANSAL 
Date: 2024.02.02 21:26:02 
+05'30'

Paytm Conference Call on Update on RBI direction to PPBL, OCL’s relationship with PPBL and the
way forward
Call Date : February 1, 2024 | Time: 15:30 PM Indian Standard Time
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Disclaimer:
By reading this conference call transcript you agree to be bound as follows: This conference call with the
management of One 97 Communications Limited (“Company”) is for information purposes only without
regards to specific objectives, financial situations or needs of any particular person and is not and nothing
in it shall be construed as an invitation, offer, solicitation, recommendation or advertisement in respect of
the purchase or sale of any securities of the Company or any affiliates in any jurisdiction or as an
inducement to enter into investment activity and no part of it shall form the basis of or be relied upon in
connection with any contract or commitment or investment decision whatsoever. This conference call does
not take into account, nor does it provide any tax, legal or investment advice or opinion regarding the
specific investment objectives or financial situation of any person. The information to be presented and
discussed on this call is confidential and proprietary to the Company and/or its affiliates and no part of it
or its subject matter be used, recorded, reproduced, copied, distributed, shared, or disseminated, directly
or indirectly, to any other person or published in whole or in part for any purpose, in any manner
whatsoever.
Statements or comments made on this conference call may include certain statements that are, or may be
deemed to be, “forward-looking statements” and relate to the Company and its financial position,
business strategy, events and courses of action. Forward-looking statements and financial projections are
based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made and are subject
to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ
materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements and financial projections. 
We, or any of our affiliates, shareholders, directors, employees, or advisors, as such, make no
representations or warranties, express or implied, as to, and do not accept any responsibility or liability
with respect to, the fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness of any information or opinions
contained herein and accept no liability whatsoever for any loss, howsoever, arising from any use or
reliance on the information presented and discussed in this conference conference call. The information
contained herein is subject to change without any obligation to notify any person of such revisions or
change and past performance is not indicative of future results. 
It is clarified that this conference conference call, and the information discussed and presented herein, is
not intended to be an offer for subscription or sale of any securities or inviting offers or invitations to offer
or solicitation to offer from the public (including any section thereof) or any class of investors. No rights or
obligations of any nature are created or shall be deemed to be created by the information presented and
discussed on this conference call. This document has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by a
regulatory authority in India or by any stock exchange in India. No rights or obligations of any nature are
created or shall be deemed to be created by the contents of this document.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Moderator: Thank you for joining, and welcome to Paytm's conference call to answer questions from
the filing on the action of PPBL from RBI. From Paytm's management, we have with us today Mr.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma, Founder and CEO; Mr. Madhur Deora, President and Group CFO; Mr. Bhavesh
Gupta, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Mr. Anuj Mittal, SVP, Investor Relations.

A few standard announcements before we begin, the information to be presented and discussed
here should not be recorded, reproduced or distributed in any manner. Some of the statements
made today may be forward-looking in nature. Actual events may differ materially from those
anticipated in such forward-looking statements.
Finally, this call is scheduled for 45 minutes. It will have opening remarks by the management
followed by Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. For us to be able to identify you, please ensure your name
is visible as your first name, last name, followed by your company name. We request participants to
restrict to 2 questions per participant to allow more participation. A replay of this call and a
transcript will be made available on the company website subsequently. With this, I would request
Mr. Vijay Shekhar Sharma to kindly initiate the call. Thank you, and over to you.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Thank you, everyone, for joining. Obviously, this is an important moment for
all of us at Paytm and Paytm Payments Bank. We've seen the update from the RBI, which was
publicly released. So I have one slide here to show the discussion that I can talk about.
So this is the slide that talks about impact of our relationship of OCL i.e. Paytm with Paytm Payments
Bank Limited and what we've learned and what next has to be done. The important thing is that
Paytm Payments Bank has received a regulatory directive from RBI, and we are taking immediate
steps to comply with the directions. The users of the Paytm Payments Bank can use the savings
account balance, the wallet balance and wallet balance which is used in FASTag and NCMC, et cetera,
account until 29th February. And effectively, that means that they can continue to add money, et
cetera. But after 29th February, they cannot add incremental money to the bank account or savings
account and so on.
OCL is a payment aggregator for online-offline merchants and already works with various other banks
and Paytm Payments Bank is one of the key banks in that. And from here on, we are very clear that
we will work with only other banks and not PPBL. PPBL is just one of the various other banks. OCL
has already been working with other banks for the last 2 years. And especially when the embargo
had come to the payment bank, we had already started to work and accelerated the plan for
movement to other banks and other banks have actually already started working with us.
So it is an important thing for me to tell you that we continue to decline and decrease the slant-wise
dependency on Paytm Payments Bank, but there is still a significant enough dependency, I would
rather say they are. And we now exit the plan and completely moved to other payment banks
partners. And remember, these are payments-related relationships, which means all banks have
necessary technology and capability already there.
And I'm very happy to tell you that we are generally overwhelmed by the support that we've
received from the various banks, large banks of this country and our country and those who are
already a partner and more additional large banks have reached out at very, very senior level to say
that they will be very happy to help us and happy to execute relationships that we, in the past have
been doing with Paytm Payments Bank. And we obviously, very clearly, we are going to take that as a
step forward and work with current and many more incremental bank partners. Going forward, the
key word is that we will not work with Paytm Payments Bank, and that means that other banks will
come.
With regard to the direction on termination of the nodal account of OCL, that is One97
Communications PBSL by Feb 29. OCL, PBSL are already in process of moving the nodal account to
other large commercial banks, and that will be done definitely before the due date. And OCL's
Marketing and Financial Services businesses, where we market and sell other services to the

consumers are not affected due to these directions. And these directions are over associate company
Paytm Payments Bank Limited.
It is important for me to point out that there will be a requirement to have operational change for
the merchant relationships that we have where the merchants have relationship with Paytm
Payments Bank, and those relationships need to be operationally changed and there will be an
operation change there.
Overall, I can say that it is -- on behalf of Paytm, I can say that it is more of a big speed bump, but it is
something that we believe that with partnership of other banks and capabilities that we have already
developed, we'll be able to see through in next few days or quarters as the case would be. So thank
you so much. And with this, we'll take the question and answers.
Operator - First question is from Sachin Salgaonkar.
Sachin Salgaonkar - Vijay, I have 3 questions. First question, actually, can you help us and understand
what exactly went wrong there? I mean, for some time, we were hearing from you guys that this
should get resolved, this should get resolved. But when we look at some of the words being used of
persistent non-compliant, need continued material supervisory concerns, can you help us explain
what is something where RBI is not fully comfortable? And what further needs to be changed from
that perspective?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - In recipient of the same letter that was made public...
Madhur Deora - Sachin, just ask all 3 of your questions then we can answer all at once. Sorry, Vijay.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Okay. Yes, that's right. We want to take a lot of questions. So we will suggest
that whenever you are asking a question, just put all 3 questions or 2 questions that you are asking.
Sachin Salgaonkar - Got it. Okay. So that was the first question. Second, Madhur, if you could help us
understand how to quantify the INR 300 crore to INR 500 crore impact on annual EBITDA i.e., how
much is coming from revenue, how much is from EBITDA? And I presume, this is for this year, right,
you are looking for? And third, what Vijay mentioned in the opening remarks, the operational
changes, which are needed from a merchant perspective. Just wanted to understand what kind of
changes are these and how much time will it take?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Okay. So I'll take the first one, Sachin. As you saw the letter that is publicly
sent there, there is another letter that the bank has received. But based on that, I cannot foresee
what we did not see or not see. There are obviously RBI beliefs, and we totally are believing of the
fact that there is something that RBI would have seen. Have they sent us details? Answer is no. They
have not sent us any details. So something that is based on over the period, what different, different
audits they would have done and their solutions based on that is the opinion that has come based
on. So we don't know the exact nuances, what triggered or any one line item...
Sachin Salgaonkar - Sorry, so how does one get a comfort that RBI should get comfortable going
ahead with these changes, right? Because if you are exactly not your -- Paytm is not exactly clear in
terms of where was -- where RBI was not fully convinced, then, I mean, how do you look to fix those
issues?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Actually, the key word here is that it is in discussion with Payment Bank and
Payment Bank cannot share these facts with, let's say, the parent or shareholders out there. So that's
also one of the reasons that we can't discuss this. This is an interaction between the bank and
Payment Bank, central bank and payments bank.

Madhur Deora - Sorry. So if I can just clarify, the certain direction, as Vijay said earlier, there's a
certain direction that they have given to Paytm Payments Bank with respect to their operations. If we
are doing a service in partnership with Paytm Payments Bank, those services, and will come to your
third question, we would go through some operational changes and so on. But like Vijay said, going
forward, we would work only with third-party banks, who don't face such issues from the RBI and
who also do provide these services to other consumer technology companies as you may -- I'm sure
you're aware that, that is a pretty standard business model in the industry, where consumer
technology companies, such as ours, who have a lot of app traffic, will work on payments products
with various large banks, right? In our case, we were doing various things with other banks, but
various things also with Paytm Payments Bank. And those services would be affected. So that's sort
of the Paytm point of view on this about what we need to do going forward.
With respect to your second question, the INR 300 crore to INR 500 crore that we mentioned is the
worst case annual EBITDA impact that does not take into account the expectation that we will be
able to sort of continue all the businesses that we're dependent on Paytm Payments Bank for. There's
primarily two lines of businesses that we do.
One is Paytm Payments Bank has a wallet. For that wallet, we provide two services. One is that we
are the app on which a vast majority of customers come and add money to that wallet. On that, we
make some revenue and some profitability. And the second is that we -- so we are a payment
provider effectively. And the second is that we also offer as a part of our merchant services where we
provide payment services to merchants. We -- both online and off-line. We also allow those
merchants to accept Paytm wallet. In those cases, the merchants pay us a revenue and we pay
interchange effectively to Paytm Payment Bank.
So overall, the worst case EBITDA margin impact of that is INR 300 crores to INR 500 crores. We have
called that an annual EBITDA impact. I do expect that over time, we'll be able to offset this in a big
way, but we have called that out as it will have an annual impact.
Bhavesh, did you want to take the third question of Sachin?
Bhavesh Gupta - Sure. So Sachin, the operationalization piece is -- means two things, basically. So
when you are a merchant, you have -- and it's an offline and online merchant conversation. So I'll
take both of them. But let's start with the offline merchant where you see a Paytm QR, which is
powered by Paytm Payment Bank, right? And now that QR has a VPA, a Virtual Payment Admin of the
Paytm Payment Bank. So now that QR will have to be changed, the VPA will have to be changed to
any other sponsor bank, and we have multiple sponsor banks working with us. While we used to
predominantly work in the offline space with Paytm Payment Bank, but in the large enterprise
merchant space, in the online space, we have other operators in the UPI space, et cetera.
So when we say operationalizing difference, we basically now have to work in making sure that the
VPA is changed to another bank. We have multiple options for the banks that we are currently in
conversation with. We'll obviously conclude one bank, two banks or a large number of banks to make
sure that we are able to do this exercise.
This will be a large exercise. So it will be split into two parts. One, there is a new acquisition, which is
much easier, that the new acquisition can immediately start to happen on other bank VPAs, so we
decide. So that decision will take in the next maybe a week or so because there'll be some
commercial involvement, et cetera. And we have proposals to that regard already in the system, so
we are evaluating them appropriately. And then there will be discussion on how do we move the
existing merchants who are accepting UPI to any other bank or banks. So that discussion will involve

discussions with the regulator, NPCI, et cetera, whether it can be a one time moment or a
case-to-case movement. So we have had some discussions, but obviously, they are yet to be
concluded formally, and it will take maybe a couple of days more when we have more direction on
how we make the migration
Sachin Salgaonkar - Okay. Bhavesh, one small question. Will the terms of VPA with Paytm Payments
Bank and other banks be materially different and hence expensive for Paytm?
Bhavesh Gupta - No, it will be largely similar because the fact is that today, purely from a P2M, there
is a UPI incentive component. So we have a commercial on sharing of UPI Incentive with the other
VPA banks that we have, which is largely in the similar range that we have with Paytm Payment Bank.
Operator - Next question is from Vijit Jain of Citibank.
Vijit Jain - So just a clarification. The first question is on the INR 3 billion to INR 5 billion impact that
you're talking about, is that basically assuming the wallet ceases to operate, is that it? Or are you
assuming some kind of a smaller size of the wallet business? And does it also include different
commercials as you move some of these relationships, including the nodal account to other banks?
And related to that, I would just request if you could break down your core net payment margins a
little better. The 7 to 9 bps a little bit better, so we have a better handle on that post these
developments. So that's my first question.
My second question would be, if you need to, let's say, shut down PPBL either because it doesn't take
deposits, or has lower reasons to exist going forward. Could you take over the Paytm UPI and the
Paytm wallet products back into OCL? Are there challenges with that? If you wanted to do something
like that? That's my second question.
And any commentary on the financial services side from your partners post this development? Those
are my 3 questions.
Bhavesh Gupta - So Vijit, let me take the questions in the reverse order. So we've been working with
our various partners. So our equity broking and our insurance business obviously remains unaffected,
because they do this business independently of any relationship that they may have with Paytm
Payment Bank. So that business is 100% unaffected.
The lending business has no relationship of any kind with Paytm Payment Bank, other than the fact
that there would be merchants, who may have taken a loan and have their repayments coming from
a Paytm Payment Bank account, which is not a very large number, but I would give you a directional
number, maybe about 10%, 15% odd merchants on a ballpark number who would have the
repayment setup happening from the PPBL bank account, because there they were taking
settlements there. There, we have to move their settlement accounts to any other bank account that
they would like to take the settlements so the repayments can keep coming. And that process is
already on.
It's not a very large process, because we have about 400,000 live merchant loans. Even if we take
15% of this, we're talking largely about 60,000 - 70,000 merchants. And we have a 30,000 sales force
on the ground, which is already in the market to make sure that those repayments and the
settlement account changes, et cetera, are done on or before 29th of February.
Same is on the personal loan side, there is a much lesser number than 15%, who have their e-Nache
or Auto pay set up through the PPBL account. And hence, they have to be changed at a mandate.
That work obviously is also on. It will not be physical work, but will be done digitally. So we are in the

process of doing that piece. Earlier, the effort was to make sure that they are able to convert their
Auto pay into other mandates or with other banks that they have. And that effort has now got
amplified further just to make sure that exercising that completely before 29th of February.
Beyond that, there is no operational challenge for the continuation of the lending business.
Obviously, the new lending business will not have an option for the user to have a PPBL bank account
as the repayment bank account. And hence, the new business can continue as it is. Having said that,
as expected, because it's a material development in one of our associate companies, each lender has
their own set of areas of concern and clarification that they seek from us. We are in the process of
discussing and engaging with them on clarifying a lot of nuance questions like you may have and
others have. And so what's the impact on the portfolio, what's the impact on the overall business.
We've been able to answer all those questions and now they have to process those questions and
come out with their further incremental questions or call to action. In that time, we have proactively
worked with our partners to say till the time we are able to make these operational changes, let's
pause the new origination of loans for that period of time. And once we are able to solve the
operational things for existing and the new one, we restart. So there will be some disruption. And
hence, this INR 300 crore to INR 500 crore number that Madhur was saying will have some impact
coming in from lending that we will not be originating loans for maybe a couple of weeks before we
solve for the operational challenges, and then we go back to normal.
Madhur Deora - Vijit, on the first question, on the INR 300 crores to INR 500 crores, that does
assume that the wallet business would shrink dramatically. I don't know if the number is 0, but shrink
dramatically, because if customers are not able to add money after February 29, then obviously, that
will be depleting balance and very soon, that would be a very small number. So it does assume that.
If you look at -- I don't want to get in a huge amount of detail on that payment margin. But if you
look at our overall net payment margin, which was about 8 basis points last quarter. And we have
roughly 70% UPI, 30% non-UPI. So that gives you a sense of what our non UPI net payment margin is.
And I would say that wallet is in line with that.
Vijit Jain - Got it. And my last question was -- and this was related to the wallet business. I'm just
trying to understand if the wallet business could also work with a third-party bank. Is that at all
possible? And the broader question around, could you take Paytm UPI and Paytm wallet products
back into OCL from PPBL?
Bhavesh Gupta - Let me answer those questions. So I don't want to get into a speculative zone
because this question is a bit speculative, what happens to the bank, et cetera, because we currently
are very focused on making sure that the management of the Paytm Payment Bank is fully in
compliance with the directions of the Reserve Bank of India. And once they have executed directions,
they then obviously seek the guidance for next steps from there on. So what will happen from there
on, et cetera, a bit of a conjecture. So I would not like to go into that space.
But having said that, the idea here is that there are a set of products that Paytm app offers to its
users. It includes UPI, wallets, FASTags, NCMC, etc. Some of the products like FASTag are already
distributed by Paytm for other banks, right? So that continues to operate in that manner. And
commercially, those operations are better than the commercials that the bank could offer just
because those other banks are much larger. We will work under the guidance of the regulator,
because some of those changes, if we have to now start acquiring or issuing handles for other banks,
just like other consumer tech companies do, will need guidance from Reserve Bank of India, and the

conversations have started as to how, what is the best way to make sure that the customers are least
inconvenienced and the business can continue to proceed forward.
And currently, the conversations are in a positive direction, but they will take some time to get
concluded. But we are committed to making sure that we are able to offer alternatives to the
customers on the app. Those customers could be Paytm Payment Bank customers, or the customers
who otherwise come to the app for the services and are getting acquired in the system.
You also had a question about nodal. I think the question on nodal is a fairly simple one. We maintain
multiple nodal accounts for various businesses that Paytm and the group entities do with large
commercial banks, not just Paytm Payment Bank. We have 3 more banks in which we have already
API connects on nodal businesses. All the 3 banks are very interested to make sure that these nodal
accounts, which have been instructed to be shut down in Paytm Payment Bank, could be moved to
one of those 3 banks.
So we are currently in discussion both commercially and technologically because there are some
obligations of the product, looking at the velocity of operations in those accounts, which bank can
offer us the best experience and commercials. But both of those decisions will be taken very, very
soon, and we'll be able to migrate that account on a commercial basis better than what we have
today.
Operator - Next question is from Ankur Rudra of JPMorgan.
Ankur Rudra - Firstly a few questions from my side. First of all, Vijay or Madhur, if you could just
maybe help us understand how we should or you are interpreting the directions from the regulator?
Is this because of the -- I mean, the comments -- do you feel that because of the nature of the
linkages between OCL and PPBL, which were untenable in their minds or because of the inability to
comply with the recommendations over the last couple of years? I think that's number one.
Number two, given the direction that you've chosen that you're migrating to other banks, it seems
like the way it will be -- Paytm will be structured in many of the services, and will be similar to your
fintech competitors. If that is the case, then what do you think will be your competitive advantages
compared to your peers going forward?
Number three, you mentioned you will be trying to transition customers on wallet and other prepaid
instruments and merchants as well where PPBL was the acquiring bank. The question is do you have
adequate time to operationalize this to the other banks, given it's a few weeks to go? And if you can
elaborate a little bit in terms of the process on a per consumer or merchant basis, if you have clarity
there? Thank you
Bhavesh Gupta - Ankur, let me take the third point first. I think I've briefly touched upon that there is
the merchant side, the user side is a Paytm Payment Bank ownership. Merchant is a Paytm
aggregation ownership online and offline. Paytm Payment Bank is the acquirer for UPI and wallet and
there are other banks who have acquired debit cards, credit cards and netbanking. So the part of
migration has three legs. One leg is that you should have a partner bank interested to own up even
the UPI acquiring and wallet acquiring. We have enough and more partner banks, who are interested
in integrating with Paytm. So that is sorted out.
The second part is, is the commercial in that transaction, similar, better or lower than what we kept
today. I can assure you that the commercial is in the similar range that we get from PPBL in some
cases better, in some cases a bit lower, but on an average, in a similar range.

Now is the third part. One is that you do account to account migration, which is a bit time consuming
and you rightly pointed out that the time is short. Other is to do a one time migration. We have
obviously started discussions with the relevant authorities, both in RBI and NPCI, et cetera, who are
helping us extremely well to see to it that how this migration can happen. And there are precedents
in the past wherein we have seen that there were disruptions in some other bank, in the past. And
these handles were able to get changed or VPAs were able to get changed. But we don't know at this
point in time what will be the migration journey. I think we'll have better clarity in a week from today.
But we are pursuing both the approaches, and we are very positive to be able to meet the timelines
of this migration with these disruptions.
Ankur Rudra - Before you move on, just maybe one quick clarification on that point. Will this entail
any kind of reacquisition with fresh KYC or can the existing KYCs be transitioned, if that's required?
Bhavesh Gupta - Yes. So Ankur, that's the point I'm making. So those are nuances because we are
talking about 40 million merchants out there on UPI acquiring, all those merchants also do other
acquiring. So it's a large set of migration to happen. So it needs guidance from both the NPCI and RBI
and the discussions have started. So what and how will the guide and appropriately guide us, we will
see in maybe in some course of time next week. And whatever is the guidance that we get from
them, we'll adhere to that guidance.
The idea from both the sites from our end and obviously, from the other side is to ensure that there's
least disruption to merchants because it’s a large infrastructure, wherein the people should not get
inconvenienced. So we'll do whatever is the best and whatever is the right approach regulatory
allowed for this matter.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Ankur, your first question was about what kind of reasons existed. Can you
just reask because I think Bhavesh actually touched upon your first part also
Ankur Rudra - Sure. Sure, Vijay, the question was, do you think the reasons for the comments by the
regulator was because of the nature of the business structure of the linkages between OCL and
PPBL? Or was it a specific inability to comply with recommendations maybe over the last 22 months
since this matter came to the light?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - I think it is a bit of both. There's no doubt about it that the very nature of the
payment business is significantly carried by parent Paytm, in this situation, as you just heard us
talking about it. So the bank did have dependency on Paytm for some of the payments offerings like
wallet, et cetera. And we were able to deliver a lot of comfort, but it seems like, which is the second
part that you're asking, that they were not completely comfortable. So I would say a bit about...
Madhur Deora - Ankur, maybe I can just add. I think -- this is sort of underpinning both your first and
the second question, which is that by design, a bank has to make its decisions independently. And
the relationships between Paytm and Paytm Payments Bank have to historically, whatever
relationships we've had, have to go through a thorough arm’s length process.
So going to your second question then, yes, some of these partnerships may look very similar to the
partnerships that consumer technology companies, technology apps like us have with bank partners,
like I said at the beginning of the call, in some cases, we had those partnerships in other banks, in
some cases, with Paytm Payments Bank. Those partnerships over time will be with third-party banks,
like Vijay mentioned at the beginning of the call.
And the advantage that we have will -- is the advantage that we always have had, which is that we
know how to build great technology for our consumers, and we know how to acquire and retain

customers and get them to do many, many things on the Paytm app over time. And we have
advantages in the merchant side in terms of our product innovation and our distribution and our
service and so on. So those are the advantages that Paytm has carried for many years and developed
and expanded on. For some of these, we need a bank partner. Like I said, Paytm Payments Bank
historically has been a bank partner with some of these products. Going forward, that would be
other banks.
Operator - Our next question is from Nitin Aggarwal of Motilal Oswal.
Nitin Kumar Aggarwal - So a couple of questions. One is that -- do you think that you will be able to
retain most of the merchants that are there on PPBL and seamlessly migrate them to other banks?
And the similar question on the consumer side. So is one month going to be sufficient for this
migration you think?
Bhavesh Gupta - The idea here is that it is not necessarily something of a retention issue. It is an
optionality to be given to the merchant, which currently is Paytm Payment Bank, and we have to
switch that to another bank, right? So as I said in a previous question, we are continuously discussing
with stakeholders, which is NPCI, Reserve Bank of India, et cetera that how we can manage the
transition in the most seamless manner, right?
Once we have the direction from them that yes, you can manage it. Because there is a precedent and
there is a process to be able to do that. Then this entire thing is going to happen very, very quickly.
And I think we'll have more clarity about this in maybe a week from now. But we are very confident
that we'll be able to retain these merchants and the users that we have on our platform.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Nitin, I wanted to add here that it has happened in the past in UPI's case that
a certain bank had a concern, and then it was to be solved and the relevant stakeholders were able
to take a quick decision to get this with continuity to another bank. Because the architecture is made
in a way that it is not stuck and locked into that. If it is an inter-portable payment instrument, it is
easy to migrate. It is about like you've heard from us, the wallet, where there is a customer, the
wallet customer, that is where the discussion is ongoing and we need more clarity. As far as the UPI is
concerned, there is a precedent.
Nitin Kumar Aggarwal - Okay. And how difficult is it to move QR codes to another bank?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Like I said, there is something that has happened in the past related to
moving a significantly large UPI operators bank, and that got done. So there is a precedent for this.
Nitin Kumar Aggarwal - Okay. And the set of INR 300 crores to INR 500 crores that you have talked
about, is it a one time or do you think that is going to be a permanent damage to the EBITDA?
Madhur Deora - We think that -- we have said annual EBITDA, Nitin, but we've also said that that's a
worst-case situation. So over the next year, this should be INR 300 crore to INR 500 crore hit from
where we were going to get to. But we think that in the near term and certainly in the medium term,
there'll be a number of offsetting things that we can do to reduce this impact. We have also
mentioned that we do expect over time, our profitability to keep improving, because many of the
relationships that we have currently with Paytm Payment Bank, they're all solvable through
third-party partnerships.
Nitin Kumar Aggarwal - UPI incentive, which we typically get in the fourth quarter. Now we will also
get it because we have an underlying Paytm Payments Bank with us. We often hear that most other

fintechs don't get that incentive passed on to them by their banks’ partnerships. So do you think that
UPI incentive we will lose fully or some part of it, as we migrate to other banks?
Bhavesh Gupta - So Nitin, as I mentioned earlier that we have commercial arrangements with other
banks where we get a share of UPI incentive, similar, broadly similar as we use the word, to what
Paytm Payment Bank was to offer to Paytm, right? So I don't think that we're going to lose anything
which is material in this. Yes, there could be a 5% - 10% impact, but nothing more than that.
Operator - Next question will go to Suresh Ganapathy.
Suresh Ganapathy - So just wanted to check out of the total nodal accounts that OCL has in the
system, what proportion would be with the Paytm Payments Bank and what would be with the other
commercial banks as on date, roughly? Just to understand the scale.
Bhavesh Gupta - It's entity and product level. So because Paytm has various accounts for various of
its businesses. Paytm Payment Bank has a nodal account for off-line payments and online payments.
And there are other banks, who have nodal accounts for, let's say, commerce business or they will
have a nodal account for some other lines of business, et cetera, et cetera. The important element
here is that when you open any partnership of nodal account for international banking, there is an
integration which is needed with that bank for them to be able to service the requirement.
So now for us to move this nodal account, as I said earlier, that we already have a proposal from not
just one bank, but multiple banks. And we are now evaluating which is the proposal, which is best for
us to move these accounts into that bank and get the operation back in the system. While we have
time till the end of the month, but we'll do that much earlier.
Suresh Ganapathy - So in the meanwhile, I would say, I go to a store and make a Paytm QR code
payment, can I do? Or it will take some time? It will be blocked for temporarily till the time the
transition happens?
Bhavesh Gupta - I just want to give absolute clarity. The system is working, will continue to work as it
was working in the past, and it will continue to work. Even when we migrate a nodal account, there is
not a process migration. It will just be an API call, which will start to move from a settlement account
in PPBL to a settlement account, let's say, with X bank or Y bank, and everything else will operate.
There'll be no disruption even for a single hour.
Suresh Ganapathy - So you are confident that you can get this done before Feb 29, the deadline,
right?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Yes, much, much before that.
Bhavesh Gupta - It's a call that we have to take, because we already have a relationship and
proposals. And as Vijay has started in this conversation that we are very thankful to our other
banking partners, who have been very, very helpful in making sure that the continuation of our
businesses that we do with them and expand it to what we were doing in PPBL, can be migrated to
more than one of our partner banks, and we would obviously try to do with as many partner banks
as possible.
So this is purely, I would say, a paperwork process, which is not -- which is about a few day issue, not
a month issue also, but we'll see whatever best has to be done before the end of the deadline.

Vijay Shekhar Sharma - And Suresh, I just want to tell you when Bhavesh is saying, you have to take a
decision, it is rather our account, which bank we are opening kind of decision, not any other kind of
decision.
Suresh Ganapathy - Okay. And just one last question that I have, in general, about the customer of
Paytm itself, right? There were 33 crore wallet users who were housed, of course, in the Paytm
Payments Bank, he could use the FASTag. A lot of things you could give it to him and therefore, he
loved being with Paytm. Now the question was actually asked, but how will that guy being the overall
Paytm ecosystem considering that abruptly things have gone off? So I'll just give you an example
today, Vijay, what happened is that one of my colleagues went in a car and using his Paytm wallet
tried to make a payment in the Uber. And that Uber driver said don’t make payment through Paytm
wallet as it may close. A lot of miscommunication is also going on. How do you address these
complex situations that you are currently facing?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - So I'm very happy to tell you, Suresh, that the kind of, let's say, if we were to
monitor the wallet usage and the exit of money versus incoming of money, it's not something which
is very aberration actually, which is very normal. So these kind of hearsay conjecture. These things,
we will continue to focus on communication. And like you said it, a lot of things go end up becoming
hearsay. And obviously, till the time we were not able to communicate, we ourselves have to take a
decision on stock market communication and so on. So we would become even further aggressive on
communication. So more or less, communications would solve for it. If it is a fact that it is a thing
they are seeing, it is a thing they are seeing.
Madhur Deora - Suresh, since this morning, we've had and even last night, we've had aggressive
communication out to merchants, out to consumers on the app, social and all of that. So yes, it is an
issue because there's a lot of sort of things that fly around when something like this happens and
then people have misinterpretations and so on. So we are working very aggressively to inform
customers and merchants that there's no impact right now.
Suresh Ganapathy - And the ability of the management to retain the consumer in the ecosystem,
considering that a lot of products are now temporarily taken away? I mean, will those be challenges.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - There is no doubt about it that customers love the deep integrated product
offering. At the same time, I'm rather going to say that other banks, it is just our partnership with
other banks that should be able to bring a lot of it back. That is what I'm trying to say. I mean I'm not
going to say whether it is easy or tough. But it is definitely not a very complex thing to execute. It is
just the method and logical architecture thing.
Operator - Next question is from Manish Shukla of Axis.
Manish Shukla - So firstly, for the 9 months of this financial year, what part of your payment volume
was routed through nodal accounts at PPBL?
Bhavesh Gupta - So that number would not be offhand available. But the nodal account, as we said,
is for our offline payment business and our online payment business. So predominantly, our P2M
GMV that we report gets routed to that nodal account. There could be certain deviations to that
GMV, not getting into detail, but that will broadly now be transferred to some other bank in the
system.
Manish B. Shukla - Okay. And of the payments of the overall GMV for this year, what proportion
would have been from wallets?

Bhavesh Gupta - Very small. I think we've called this out very, very clearly that the wallet is a very
important product. Customers love it because of this deep integration with FASTags and the fact that
they love to use a product at the merchant level. But its pure-play impact to the GMV is very, very
small because UPI dominates 75%, cards dominate 15% - 17%, et cetera. And then there are some
loan instruments, as you know, and then there'll be wallet. So it's not a very high GMV-oriented
product.But yes, it's a reasonably profitable product because we get MDR and we get add money to
wallet charges. So there was a sharing of revenue, which will now get impacted until the time we are
able to have an alternative available on the Paytm app for users to either open a new wallet with any
other issuer or through the Paytm app and/or migrate these wallets if that is a possibility as per the
regulator.
Manish B. Shukla - Last question, so the INR 3 billion to INR 5 billion potential impact that we are
talking about, it will be in the merchant MDR line item. Is that the right assumption?
Madhur Deora - So there are two things that we do for wallet. Customers add money into wallet
where Paytm provides a payment service through Paytm Payments Bank. And then when customers
use this wallet on third-party merchants like large online merchants or off-line merchants or QR
codes and so on, then Paytm earns MDR and it pays an interchange too. So the first part is our
payments that happen on our app and the second part is payments that happen on the merchant
website or an app. But all of this will be in payment services revenue that we disclosed, Manish.
Operator - Next question is from Rahul Jain of Dolat Capital.
Rahul Jain - Maybe it sounds slightly repetitive but just to add up to this thought of INR 3 billion to
INR 5 billion kind of a reconciliation. Since we say that our commercials on the payments would be
similar, also we ideally would be able to timely move to the alternative so the disruption would be
lower on the payment side.
So is it purely coming from not being able to lend for some period of time and gradual impact of
that? And also from the wallet perspective, since we may also find wallet partners. So where is the
bulk of this maths adding up from?
Madhur Deora - Rahul, as we said earlier, this does assume the worst case of if we are not able to
migrate the wallet users. And if effectively -- I think, Vijit asked this question earlier, which is that if
the wallet volumes become really, really small and all the margin that you're making on wallet goes
away, then, of course, there will be some corresponding marketing spend and so on, which would
also go away offsetting some of the -- if you will, net payment margin loss.
But this is the worst case for if you're not able to do any of those things. And then on top of that, it
does include some temporary impact potentially on our lending business.
Rahul Jain - Yes. And so when you say worst case, the worst case is INR 5 billion and INR 3 billion is --
INR 3 billion is practical? Or is it like both ends of it could -- the actual impact would be even lower
than this range also?
Madhur Deora - We're keen to get out our range to investors. As you can imagine, I think we
released this a few hours after. So it's hard to be very precise because there are certain linkages that
if your wallet volumes goes down, then there's certain spends that you're doing on promoting
certain payment instruments with merchants and so on, which could be savings down the road and
so on, right? So it was hard to come up with a very precise number, which is why we said INR 300
crores to INR 500 crores.

And if we are able to work on offsetting the customer experience in a meaningful fashion, then,
obviously, the worst case. You should expect, like Bhavesh said earlier, that there will be some initial
sort of operational work that we have to do, which may cause some short-term disruption. But we do
think that longer term, we should be able to offset a lot of these things and not be in this worst case
range.
Rahul Jain - Yes. And the clarification to Bhavesh’s remark on the lending business impact. So if
essentially, a new loan is given to any consumer or merchant, who may be having PPBL, but also
another account, can lending distribution may continue to such prospects?
Bhavesh Gupta - Yes. Rahul, as I said, there are two parts to it. The first part is that we have to
operationalize the fact that we have to make a few journey changes wherein the dismantling of the
bank that you can link your PPBL account, et cetera, has to go out of the journey, right? So that work
is already on. The other piece here is that the users and the merchants who come in, they set up
their ENACH mandate or Auto pay mandate using the sponsored bank as Paytm Payments Bank
because it's a UPI or a NPCI service. Now we have multiple integrations, but we have to integrate
those integrations over Paytm Payments Bank in our journey.
So there are some operational changes, which will take us maybe a week or 2 to do before we can
kick start the new business back again. And then the existing business is just about making sure that
the people who had set up their mandates from PPBL bank account are able to switch to another
bank account, which work has already started. So I think the disruption will be there for a couple of
weeks. And to that extent, we will have an EBITDA impact in our lending business. I don't want to shy
from saying that. But we are very hopeful that, let's say, by early March, we should be back to full
normalcy, if not earlier.
Operator - Thank you so much. We will extend the call by 15 minutes. That is till 4:30. Next question
is from Pranav Gundlapalle of Bernstein.
Pranav Gundlapalle - Just a couple of questions. The first is on your card acquiring the POS machines
business. How does that change? Is it similar to what is going to happen with your QR merchants or
would you be a bit more involved in terms of shifting their current accounts, et cetera? That's the
first question.
Second is, once you have the disconnect between Paytm app and PPBL, would there be any loss in
the type of insights that you used to get from customers based on the spending, et cetera? And
therefore, down the line, does it impact the underwriting or filtering ability of customers?
And the third question is on the switch over to other banking partners. While the economics could
be similar, is there a big difference in the level of integration that you could get with PPBL because it
was a related company? And would that lead to any sort of deterioration in experience or any other
changes or risk that you see from that shift? Those are the three questions.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Pranav, I actually want to take the last question where you were talking
about whether we had a special relationship with Paytm Bank or not. That's exactly what we solved
in the last two years, and we believe that we not only became arm’s length, we became farm’s
length, meaning we'd rather have a much stronger gap of no data sharing, no data knowledge, et
cetera with Paytm Bank actually. So I would say that we don't see that it will be less in any manner
whatsoever. That is the word that I want to use, less in any manner whatsoever. So everything else
on Paytm works on various other nuances which are there and logically on our platform.

Bhavesh Gupta - And Pranav, for rest of the two questions, there was no data that Paytm was taking
and getting from Paytm Payments Bank in the past or in the present. I just want to explicitly clarify
that. For any moment in time, a customer who is a customer using wallet or UPI handle of Paytm
Payments Bank, the data resides with Paytm Payments Bank, and there were absolutely no
information which is available. All the models, be for growth for our insurance business or our
lending distribution business or any other thing that we used to do on the Paytm app was were built
on insights that are available on the Paytm app or data, which regulatorily and legally Paytm is able
to consume and have it in the system, right?
So that's point number one. So there is no impact on that piece at all and it has not ever been. To
your question on POS machines, I think the migration is absolutely the easiest there because POS
machines -- so let me split this for more clarity. So we do online payment gateway business. Online
payment gateway business, Paytm Payments Bank only powers for merchants, the UPI handle. But
corporate card, debit card, net banking, it is anyway is being done with various other banks, large
commercial banks in the system. Paytm Payments Bank has no business or no relationship because
they are not in that business.
What we have to do for online payment gateway is, which we have already integrated, now start to
offer to all merchants, some other bank handle, and that's a very, very quick switch. That's a one day,
two days work. Instead of acquiring @Paytm, now you start acquiring @xyz, right, in the system. So
that is the number one piece on the online gateway. So there is absolutely no disruption happening
on the online payment gateway business. It continues to operate in the same manner it was
operating earlier.
Now there is a second part, which is the POS machine, as you rightly said. POS machine, again, we
acquire POS businesses on behalf of various banks, including Paytm Payments Bank. But each POS
machine as a payment aggregator, we do multi-bank acquiring, right? So we have an ability that
when you swipe your credit card or debit card, we can acquire that instrument funding source
depending upon the right commercial with any bank. So we are a multi-bank acquired by at least 5 or
6 banks on the POS. Paytm Payments Bank is one such acquirer and which anyway is hardly acquired
any credit card and does not acquire any debit card, largely acquired wallet and UPI, which again we
have to just switch the wallet VPA, which is not very, very complicated.
As I said, the operationalization of POS migration and online migration is the easiest and simplest.
The operationalization for pureplay QR merchants is where we are seeking guidance from NPCI, RBI,
et cetera, as to what is the most convenient and non intrusive or obstructive way to be able to do so.
Operator - Next question is from Bhavik Dave of Nippon Mutual Fund.
Bhavik Dave - Perfect. So two, three questions. One is the discussions that we spoke about with
various banks that we are in. I'm assuming that you mean are now onwards after the event has taken
place, right?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Bhavik, this is what I was trying to say in the beginning that we already since
last 2 years had started to do this and the dependencies were of certain products that were single
bank equal to only Paytm Bank, but most of the payment business actually have become multi-bank
and the traffic allocation, et cetera, were different, different. So it's not because that it happened
yesterday, we are starting today. It actually has been going on. And that is why I was also saying that
our current and potential bank partners proactively reached out to say that you can just continue to
do more.

Bhavesh Gupta - And Bhavik, to that extension, I just want to give one explicit example. So that is
very, very clear that for the last maybe about 18 months, we have been issuing a very large private
bank FASTags through the Paytm app in fairly large quantities, along with Paytm Payments Bank
FASTags. And now we have switched to ensure that our customers who are coming to ask for FASTags
are only getting that bank's FASTag and we'll add a lot more banks into that capability fairly soon.
Similarly, other products, which Paytm Payments Bank was offering, we have to now start to
integrate those products with other banks because they were always an interest, both operationally
and commercially from other banks, but we were not very, very keen because it was working fine --
the way it was working. Now with this guidance, we will now start to engage with them and to start
to integrate with them.
So it's not, as Vijay said, we will start today. It's been there. We have agreements. We have
commercial discussions on most of the businesses. Yes, it will take operational integration and
migration time. That will be a minor disruption that we have to go through the process. And
hopefully, we can work through the process and make sure the disruption is the least.
Bhavik Dave - Sure. And the second question is on the governance and the compliance bit. Wherein
when you look at the Paytm Payments Bank, right, it was a payment bank, not much in terms of
business that needed to be done. It was a deposit-taking entity, and there were no loans given out.
And it was a very simple business model, yet RBI had to take stern action in terms of compliance.
What gives us the comfort or what are we doing to get one step ahead and make ourselves at OCL a
little more compliant or highly governed in some sense, so that we don't face any challenge here
because that's a regulated entity. So the RBI had direct control. OCL, which is not. But how do we
keep ourselves in the thick of things in the sense, how do we keep the governance standard up there
so that there's no other disruption that comes in because last week, we saw one more article about
the FASTags bid and now this comes through. So how do we keep things crystal clear when it comes
to governance and compliance at OCL as well? I would love to hear your thoughts on that.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Yes. So Bhavik, one of the most important things that probably happened in
2019 as a Board and I, when we were having a discussion decided that we would augment the
compliance and risk capability of the organization dramatically. If you know, we now have a Group
Compliance Officer position, which is filled by a very able, capable teammate. And then earlier, it
used to be that independent teams used to have their own compliance methods and sort of their
own business leader reporting, but now we have an oversight on the group compliance.
In fact, I'm very happy to tell you about the amount of work that we've done in Payment Bank,
although it has not achieved the fruitful result like you and I are seeing today. But again, we are
telling you that there is a dramatic improvement where in one of the internal -- one of the audits
from the regulator, it actually was said that we have seen material improvements. And that it was
very humbling for me to hear, and there were many nice and positive words in different, different
conversations. I do want to tell you that also.
So we did look at compliance as a core business model approach instead of in layering as an addition.
The important thing for us to remember is that if we do not make compliance and risk as a core part
of the business, then it does not become the bigger business that we ambition-wise carry. And that is
why whether you look at risk management also, credit risk or fraud risk or every other thing, we've
built lots of technology and capabilities, and that is why you saw even though those personal loans
and payment traffic growing and our fraud ratio dramatically reduced, our operational risk systems
and capability dramatically improved.

So I'm very proud to say that today, the technology stack that we have for operational risk and
compliance is actually the world class, except like what we have seen today is what is very sad and
bad that we have this kind of outcome, which we still facing, but as far as group is concerned, as well
the entity is concerned, we look at now compliance first, technology second approach.
Bhavik Dave - Sure. And last question is with seeing that almost 80% in the sense, the payment
business now gets impacted, which was not earlier, and we had already seen lending business
getting slower considering the macro environment, how do we look at costs, right? And that's one
lever which can maybe control the loss of EBITDA or profitability that we are seeing for FY 25, FY26.
How do we think about cost in the entire scheme of things? Do we think about cost more now
because of this event as well because there are too many things that are going around and revenues
are challenged in a material way? Do we continue to spend the way we were and invest in the
business to create maybe new channels of growth? How are you going to balance this eventually
over the next couple of years, is what I want to understand?
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - The best part is, Bhavik, that we don't have new incremental channels to be
discovered or, let's say, risky marketing or sales dollars to be pushed on those. So we are sort of clear
about what our sales and marketing spends are. Those are actually very capped and so on. So overall,
when we reduce the number of things that we do, we see dramatic improvement in the cost. And
that is the first approach that we have taken since the listing, and we continue to prune the number
of things that we do.
So what it brings is actually, like in a derivative way, what we said is going to happen, that there will
be a better cost advantage. We always had more people to do fewer things forward-looking also, but
now we will do it with partners. So much less cost.
Madhur Deora - Bhavesh, you may have seen this sort of duality from us over the last two or three
quarters and very, very specifically in the last quarter that we think that there's massive EBITDA
expansion opportunity for us out of operating leverage because the indirect costs, in particular, while
we have attention on direct costs as well, of course. But indirect costs, in particular, the growth of
that should slow down very dramatically. And we have talked about various factors. Vijay just
mentioned one. We have talked about the role of AI, where we have to say we are very early
adopters of this in the Indian context and maybe even global context.
And we are seeing just a huge amount of efficiency and productivity improvements across the board.
And in addition to that, just a very sharp focus and discipline on costs because the scale at which we
do things now, improving our processes, improving our efficiency can have a very meaningful impact.
So that is an area of a huge amount of attention even before this. And if this has revenue pressure,
then we would also obviously, will relook at the cost once again.
Operator - Next question is from Preethi RS of UTI Mutual Fund.
Preethi RS - So my question is basically on the solution that you're offering with the migration to
other banks, will that resolve the problem from regulators point of view. Without addressing the
issue at PPBL. So the response to the compliance lapses I think are not satisfactory. That's the root of
the problem. Is it on data storage, KYC or tech dependency? It is an associate company, and it's -- and
if the MD could be on this call, if they could address what exactly is the issue because RBI possibly
view OCL and PPBL together as one entity and they could, of course, send out a dispatch on PPBL
since it's RBI. So could you please elaborate on that either on this call or if there's another platform? I
think we definitely need an answer from them.

Bhavesh Gupta - No, I think it was addressed to you. But Preethi, I can take a stab at this question
that you asked from the bank point of view. So the difference, we today work with other large
financial institutions, be it mutual funds, insurance companies, lending banks, lending NBFCs, et
cetera, in a very, very compliant and robust manner. And I just want to say that we've been very
cautious, both as a DNA that we've built over the last couple of years and for the learnings of the
associate engagement that we have of Paytm Payments Bank or what is the approach regulators
expects from a company of our size and scale as so how should we be managing the regulatory
products.
So in that spirit, when we engage with other banks, we feel very, very confident that part of
solutioning of how we want to operate to other banks, products that we currently are taking on
Paytm Payments Bank. And I'll just give you an example of Paytm FASTags or we do credit cards or we
do loans, et cetera, et cetera, is very well established.
The challenge of what we understand thus far is very clearly articulated for that the bank in its
conduct on variety of elements, being a young bank at the beginning and then obviously growing in
very large size and scale, wasn't able to satisfy the size it has to the regulator of the controls, be it on
technology or in compliance, to as much satisfaction that the regulator may be seeking. That's our
understanding of that. And obviously, there are a lot more details available with the bank.
And as and when we can get reviewed to those details, we'll be more than happy to have a
discussion with you. But we have always maintained at OCL that we would like to operate with a
regulated partners on the way they want to regulate and operate the business, not the way we
operate the business. And hence, our all other partnerships that we do with other banks and NBFCs
or broking companies, et cetera, have been very, very successful, and we'll feel confident that will
continue to happen. And we will learn from this.
I don't want to say that there is zero learning from this process. We learn from this. We are
continuously engaging with the regulator and other well wishers and other stakeholders in the
system of how these things could have been done better and it should be done better. And in that
entire process, making our entire company far stronger and far more compliant so that we do not
have any situation ever in the future.
Vijay Shekhar Sharma - Preethi, I've always learnt from these interactions and notices of regulator
that there is a lot better that we could do. And definitely, the growth of the bank was one of the
factors with respect to the various risk and control compliance methods that it had put in place. That
is the beginning of the conversation was. And I'm happy to tell you that based on that very factor, we
changed the management, not just in the bank, but also in the Paytm and various other relationships
that we have with our financial institutions also are based on these kind of insights that we were
actually able to handle.
I definitely want to tell you there is a learning and lesson in this and all other interactions that we've
had. And we will not let it go without getting that learning and lesson imbibed completely into it. This
is an opportunity for us to come stronger, better, abler and capable for regulator size, and we believe
that we are going to make sure that everything else apart, this is the game that we get out of it. And
you can be very sure that when we look at ourselves in the future and look at this event, we will see
it as the event that made us superior and better than anyone else in the industry.
Madhur Deora - I just want to address one point, Preethi. I think there is -- there may be this
impression that Paytm and Paytm Payments Bank is one. But by design and by structure, it is not and
it cannot be. First of all, it's an associate company and second is not an associate company in the

sense that it's a bank. And first and foremost for a bank is that it has to follow the governance that a
bank is supposed to follow, which is to say that it has to have its independent management team,
which reports to the Board as the matters that have to go to the committees of the Board where it
can only the independent directors.
It has to also have independent compliance and risk teams and so on. So yes, there might be that
impression. I'm not saying that, that may not happen. But by design and structure and by reality, it
just does not function like that and cannot function like that. If one did try to make it function like
that, I think you are really in a bigger problem because you are breaching the spirit of governance of
how a bank should be governed.
So hopefully, there's acknowledgment of that. It is a tricky situation in that sense because an
associate of yours has to make independent decisions. But if those decisions and those actions then
are found to be incomplete or wanting from the regulator, and obviously, it has reputational risk on
all of us.
Preethi RS - So that was the only question I had, but we would definitely want to hear from your
associate company on this matter because overnight has become so material to the company, right?
Operator - Next question is from Jayant Kharote of Jefferies.
Jayant Kharote - First question is on the nodal account for merchant payments moving to other
banks. So does this affect the product or user experience for the merchants in any manner? Like, I
know we are perhaps the best on fund settlement time early morning, 8 a.m. So more qualitatively,
would you be able to replicate the same product experience for the merchants? That's the first
question.
And second question is, if I understood correctly, most of the immediate operational transitions can
be solved digitally or are B2B in nature. And there is some physical effort needed like the when you
called out on the 60,000-odd merchant loans. So I mean, we do have a capable 30,000 employee
force. Do you want to call out any other areas in the next 1 month where you think you'll need sort
of a slightly intense physical effort? These are the two questions.
Bhavesh Gupta - Yes. So Jayant, the nodal account decision, as I said, is exactly hinging on the point
that you raised out and thanks to you for bringing the detailed nuance understanding of the product.
That's today the ability of the current nodal technology backed by Paytm Payments Bank has a lot of
flexibility, et cetera, et cetera. It's not to say that, that is very unique to it.
It needs to be assessed appropriately by us technically and the teams are on it with 2 or 3 large banks
to just to test it out that it works in a manner we want it to work. And that's the reason we're
seeking, it may take a week or 10 days for us before we announce the decision to move to which
bank, et cetera, because that's a technical feasibility going on. But it is not something which is very
complex. We know what product is available, and we will, I would say, 99% get the similar product
because banks are very, very keen to develop something further on top of what they have just to
accommodate this massive opportunity that they could get because of a huge float in that account.
To your other piece on physical force, so yes, I gave you one nuance of the lending business. But
wherever there are merchants who have PPBL as their settlement bank account, they have a DIY flow
on the app who are being nudged that you can now go and make a change of the segment bank
account from PPBL to some other bank that you have because we know that they have multiple bank
accounts.

And only the ones who don't do it, let's say, through digital effort, even after multiple reminders, will
need a physical interaction for which we have a large sales force, which we'll anyways do it so that
the merchant keeps getting the settlement in the bank account that they like. But it is more at the
merchant end that they would not want a settlement to get stopped after 29th February. So they will
need to have an active bank account available to them, and we are making sure that we're able to do
it digitally, some bit of physicality will get involved, but it's not a complex task. We'll be able to do
that in maybe about 10 days.
Jayant Kharote - And this is only for the 6 lakh odd merchants that are there on PPBL of our total 4
crore base?
Bhavesh Gupta - No. So it is on a 4 crore base. Obviously, the active rates of this 4 crores is less than
4 crores. And off that base, I can give you a broad sense, maybe about 12%, 13%, maybe 15% of
them have a settlement account as PPBL, which will have to now change to any other bank account
the merchant carries. So yes, it is a math which is not materially large, but it is large, but not
materially large. Most of it is being done DIY because merchants do change their bank accounts
naturally also, and they can do it on the app with a simple log-in process.
But if they fail to do so in the time that we are stipulating which is around 15th or 20th of this month,
then we obviously will have a physical nudge to make that happen.
Operator - Next question is from Sumeet Kariwala of Morgan Stanley.
Sumeet Kariwala - I had two questions. The first question is on the wallet business as you try to
restart and you try to tie up with some other bank to offer wallet-related services. How will that
work? Will you need a PPI license because I understand the current PPI license is with Paytm
Payments Bank? And can you run that business without a PPI license as a distributor of a wallet
product for a particular bank?
And if you can do that, how will the economics change and so on? So just trying to get some clarity,
as you try to restart this business, can you -- and if you restart this day, for example, 1 year down the
line, can this entire INR 300 crore EBITDA impact be pulled back?
Bhavesh Gupta - So Sumeet, let me clarify. Yes, you're right. PPI license is of Paytm Payments Bank
and then there is a wallet on top of it, right? Now there are two parts to the answer. One part here is,
anyways Paytm Payments Bank was barred from issuing new wallet for the last 2 years. So even on
the Paytm app, we had not switched on an option for users to come in, sign up on a new wallet of
any other third party PPI issuer or a bank, right?
So now the intention here is that we will now start issuing other PPI wallets of any other issuer
through the app as a new wallet, right? And the commercial will largely be similar because it's an
interchange defined by the NPCI and there is an add money charge defined by the payment
aggregator. So there is no commercial change per se in that part. But obviously, it will be a new
acquisition.
On the existing wallets that the bank has, the bank will have to find out a way as to how that process
of ring-fencing those users can be. And that conversations bank will do by itself hopefully with the
regulator as the time goes by so as to ensure that the least disruption to people who've been using
the wallet of Paytm Payments Bank can they be given an option to switch over to any other bank
with least disruption, right?

And if there is a facilitation Paytm can provide, we'll obviously participate. But our current focus is to
ensure that we are able to switch on new acquisition of wallets like we have done for FASTags and
new acquisition of handles, et cetera, et cetera, while the migration of existing will need direction
from RBI and the work the bank will have to do with them and whatever facilitation Paytm can
provide, we would obviously participate in that journey.
Sumeet Kariwala - Very clear. And some data-related clarification. So you've given the impact on
EBITDA in estimated number, worst-case number. If I were to try and back calculate this at the
revenue level, I was making some assumptions. Will it be fine to assume that 15% to 20% of the
payment-related revenues are getting impacted over here?
Madhur Deora - No, it would be lower than that, Sumeet. So like we mentioned that if you think
about this number and if you think about -- and these are all sort of somewhat preliminary, although
we feel confident of the range, but just to talk about how we get to that math, if you talk about this
number and then you say, okay, the net payment margin impact should be slightly higher than this
because whatever the net payment margin impact is will be offset by some other savings in
marketing and cash back and so on. So the net payment margin impact will be somewhat higher than
this. And like I mentioned earlier, our net payment margin for non-UPI is in the 25 to 30 bps ZIP code
and wallet it is also in that ZIP code. So that's how you sort of get to the revenue number, sorry, the
GMV number.
Sumeet Kariwala - Very helpful and one last more question. Any potential thoughts on how the MTU
might get impacted like 3, 4 months down the line, or you don't think there'll be a dramatic change
to that number because UPI is driving a lot of stuff over there?
Bhavesh Gupta - No, Sumeet, the MTU number is based on both the fact that customers can come
on the Paytm app and do UPI transaction. Wallet was a very, very small subset of MTU, as you know.
97%, 98% of the transactions people will do preliminary will be UPI-led. So as we find a solution to
migrate @Paytm, which is powered to Paytm Payments Bank to any other issuer of that handle, we
don't see that there is going to be any material impact on the MTU. And more importantly is that we
then start to grow from there on because of the embargo, the bank could not offer certain products.
And because of our partnership expansion with other banks who could offer all the products, maybe
in a 6-month period from today, we will be in a position to not only regain what we may end up
losing for the next maybe couple of months but start to grow furthermore because of new
acquisition opportunities that will emerge, which was not there for the last 2 years because we were
working on some products with PPBL.
Madhur Deora - Just to give you one illustration, for example, on FASTags. After the embargo, we did
start partnership with one other bank, and that has been very successful. Of course, it is a win-win
partnership. It is beneficial for Paytm and it's beneficial for our bank partner. So those sorts of things
can also be done for other products.
Operator - That was our last question for today. Thank you, participants for joining the call. You may
now disconnect the line. Thank you so much.
