Date: 24 January 2024       
 
             Ref. No.: TCPCL/SEC/2023-24/00093 
 
To, 
The General Manager,  
 
 
 
 
The Manager, 
Corporate relationship department,  
 
Listing department, 
BSE Limited  
 
 
 
 
 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
 
 
 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, 
Dalal Street, Fort,  
 
 
 
 
 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra(E), 
Mumbai-400 001   
 
 
 
 
 
Mumbai-400 051 
Scrip Code: 543321   
 
 
 
 
Scrip Symbol: TATVA 
 
Subject: Transcript of Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, as amended, please find enclosed herewith the transcript of the earnings 
call held on 20 January 2024 post announcement of financial results of the Company for the 
quarter and nine months ended 31 December 2023. 
 
The 
above 
information 
shall 
be 
made 
available 
on 
Company’s 
website 
at 
www.tatvachintan.com. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking You, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
 
 
 
___________ 
Ishwar Nayi 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
M. No.: A37444 
 
Encl.: As above 
 
ISHWAR 
RAMANBHAI 
NAYI
Digitally signed by 
ISHWAR RAMANBHAI 
NAYI 
Date: 2024.01.24 
17:19:48 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 20 
 
 
 
“Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited Q3FY24 
Earnings Call” 
 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. CHINTAN SHAH - MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MR. ASHOK BOTHRA - CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MR. AJESH PILLAI - INVESTOR RELATIONS 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SANJESH JAIN - ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 20 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited Q3 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call Hosted by ICICI Securities. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand over the conference over to Mr. Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks, Tushar. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining on Tatva Chintan Pharma 
Chem Limited Q3FY24 and 9MFY24 Results Conference Call. 
We have Tatva Chintan management on the call represented by Mr. Chintan Shah – Managing 
Director; Mr. Ashok Bothra – Chief Financial Officer and Mr. Ajesh Pillai – Investor Relations. 
I would like to invite Mr. Dinesh Sodani – GM (Finance) to initiate with opening remarks, post 
which we will have a Q&A session. Over to you, Dinesh ji. 
Dinesh Sodani: 
Thank you, Sanjesh ji. Good afternoon, everyone.  
On behalf of the management, I am pleased to welcome you all to Tatva Chintan’s earnings call 
to discuss Q3FY24 & 9MFY24 financial results. Please note, a copy of all our disclosures are 
available in the Investors section of our website as well as on the stock exchange. Anything said 
on this call, which reflects our outlook for the future or which could be construed as a forward-
looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the company faces. 
Now I shall hand over the call to our MD Sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Chintan Shah: 
Thank you, Dinesh ji. Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to this Investor Call. 
This time I am pleased to introduce you to Mr. Ajesh Pillai, who I am trying to delegate a lot of 
my responsibilities in terms of the investor relationship. Ajesh has worked with me for nearly a 
decade now and I don't have any doubts in his efficiency and I'm sure he's going to do a good 
job. And today's speech, whatever the management side commentary has been written by me, 
I'm sitting right next to Ajesh. So, whatever he is saying, it is his voice but written by me. And I 
am gradually trying to handover these responsibilities over to him over a period of time. Over to 
you, Ajesh. 
Ajesh Pillai: 
Thank you, Sir. Good afternoon and wish you all a very happy new year. I feel privileged to take 
up this responsibility and hope I can serve the company and its investors to the best of my ability. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 20 
Now, coming to the numbers, this quarter your company reported a revenue from operations of 
Rs.842 million, a degrowth of 30% YoY and 13% QoQ. As conveyed to you during last earning 
call the industrial challenge continued in third quarter too. The EBITDA for the quarter is Rs.110 
million, a decline of 39% YoY and 46% QoQ. Revenue from operations for the three quarters of 
this financial year is Rs.2,952 million as compared to Rs.2,991 million for the same period in 
previous financial year recording a marginal decline of 1% whereas the corresponding EBDITA 
is Rs.526 million and Rs.443 million respectively depicting a growth of 19% YoY.  
Further when we look at the product segment wise numbers, PTCs have registered a quarterly 
revenue of Rs.248 million, a growth of 7% QoQ and a decline of 24% YoY. The nine months 
revenue of PTCs stand at Rs.796 million registering a decline of 25% YoY. 
Electrolyte Salts have registered a quarterly revenue of Rs.12 million, a growth of 2% QoQ and 
a degrowth of 71% YoY. The cumulative revenue of three quarters for the segment stands Rs.37 
million declining by 77% YoY. 
Pharma and Agro Intermediates and Speciality Chemicals have registered a quarterly revenue of 
Rs.254 million, a decline of 12% QoQ and 4% YoY. The revenue of the same for three quarters 
of this financial year stands at Rs.852 million registering a degrowth of 18% YoY. 
SDAs registered a quarterly revenue of Rs.323 million, a decline of 24% QoQ and 43% YoY. 
The nine monthly figure for the same is at Rs.1,247 million registering a growth of 71% YoY. 
I will now give you an overview of the business in the past quarter and the outlook over the mid-
term. 
We have travelled extensively in past few months & have met most of the key customers in 
person. Based on the discussion & their forecast for calendar year 2024, also looking at a slowly 
improving business sentiments, we are now quite confident to state that next two quarters we 
will observe gradually improving business sentiments and expect shifting of gears from August 
onwards i.e Q2FY25. 
The Q3FY24 was expected to be a slow demand quarter because of the financial year end for our 
global customers and with their priority of controlling the inventory some of the dispatch 
schedule got postponed to next quarter. But considering the overall market & demand situation 
in Q3FY24, the overall achievement & numbers are satisfactory.  
Let me brief you about the developments & outlook by each category. 
Phase Transfer catalyst – We are happy to say that despite of aggressive competition, we are 
successful in retaining all the major export customers for PTC supplies for calendar year 2024 
and also maintaining our margins.  

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 20 
SDAs - Except for China, the demand situation has been steadily improving.  
Of the ongoing validation at a new potential customer, during the quarter, we got formally 
approved on 3 different applications & we have received initial commercial orders from the 
customer. The 4th application is under validation & should get results by end of March 2024. 
We expect business to be modest in first half and eventually get to a decent volume from end of 
CY2024.  
Our existing large customer has approved us on 2 products & we will have larger business on 
one product from July quarter & on second product from October quarter. The demand from this 
customer has been steadily growing.  
In other development, we are now fully qualified with two other customers (no. 6 & 7) for 
automotive application. We will see onset of business from April quarter with these customers. 
Overall SDA demands are improving & we shall see a robust next financial year in terms of SDA 
business. 
Electrolyte salts business 
The business has been slower than anticipated, primarily due to poor offtake in China market. 
The other large customer has started buying regularly. Due to their efforts in controlling the 
inventory, they are currently buying at a slower pace. But they are also setting up a fully 
automated Production line for energy storage battery. This will go online in August 2024 and 
will increase their demands drastically. Our approval with the large European customer has 
progressed very well and from October 2024 we shall see onset of business. So ,2025 is definitely 
going to be a very good growth year for Electrolyte business. 
On another customer side, our electrolyte solution from lab scale was approved few months back, 
now we have been asked to go to pilot scale and submit electrolyte. This is another large 
opportunity where we are making steady progress. 
PASC 
On Pharma intermediates, 2 out of 3 products are approved by production trials. 3rd product will 
be kept under user test in March at customer’s plant. Final formal validation of 3 products are 
expected to be in place by September and onset of commercial business is scheduled from 
beginning of 2025. 
On Agro intermediates, 2 products have been fully approved & 3rd is under validation. We 
expect robust growth from Q2FY25 in this segment as 2 products get in commercial supplies 
from August & 3rd product from November. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 20 
We are happy to share that we have received firm approval of our first Photochlorination product 
from pilot scale. The installation of commercial Photochlorination equipment has been 
completed at Dahej plant. We have been asked to supply one container of this product for final 
approval which we expect to ship out by end of March. This is again an Agro intermediate with 
very large application. 
Our pilot trials apparently have been running smoothly, however we faced certain teething issues 
which we have now identified the potential reason for the issue & are now restarting the trials 
after necessary equipment modification. The good part is that the technology or catalyst is a 
success and once these operational issues have been sorted, we are moving towards 
commercialization in 2025. 
The development work of various projects on continuous flow basis & a couple of projects on 
Electrolysis basis are progressing very well. We expect to scale up 3 products to pilot scale by 
June 2024. 
We are adding 2 more continuous flow reactors at our lab. Adding 1 CFR at pilot. Our technical 
discussion & designing of plant scale CFR is nearing completion. 
Flame Retardant - The market situation in this segment continues to remain very sluggish. So, 
we have not yet started commercial production. But we continue our development of products. 
This quarter, we have completed development of our second product meeting with all the 
required Specification.  
Looking at the now sure timelines of commercialization of 6 products on PASC, we are sure of 
running out of plant capacity by end of 2024. To ensure smooth progress, we have decided to 
move forward with the plan of CAPEX of 700 Million INR and set up one plant with 150 KL 
Reactors & a separate distillation plant.  
In December, we finally received the formal ENVIRONMENTAL CLEARANCE for the green 
field project at our land in Jolva, Dahej. First, we expand at our existing site which is quicker & 
then we will open the site construction at Jolva in 2025. 
We expect to close FY24 with a revenue in the range of 400-410 Cr and EBIDTA at about 20% 
levels. 
We continue to remain sure of FY25 to be the next phase of growth led by growing volume & 
new customers in SDA and by multiple new products commercialization in PASC. 
To conclude, the chemical industry continues to face headwinds and the pain is not completely 
over yet. However, for us combination of focus, customer relationships and our R&D ability 
gives us underlying resilience to our business model. In addition, encouraging response from our 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 20 
customers and the manufacturing infrastructure in place will help the company get advantage of 
the change in industry trends. In the meantime, we expect to sustain these challenging times with 
grit and integrity. 
With this, I hand over the call to our CFO, Mr. Ashok Bothra to take you through the financial 
results. 
Ashok Bothra: 
Thank you, Ajesh ji. Good afternoon to everyone present on our call today. 
Now I would like to share the financial highlights for the Quarter and 9-months: 
During Q3FY24, the company reported revenue from operations of ₹ 842 million, a de-growth 
of 30% YoY. Other Income during the quarter was at ₹ 12 million. 
During the quarter, the company reported EBITDA of ₹ 110 million, a de-growth of 39% YoY. 
EBIDTA margins were at 13.1% v/s 14.9% in the same period previous year. 
During the quarter, the company reported PAT of ₹ 35 million, a de-growth of 70% YoY. PAT 
margins were at 4.1% v/s 9.6% in the same period previous year. 
During 9MFY24, the company reported revenue from operations of ₹ 2,952 million, a de-growth 
of 1% YoY.  
During 9MFY24, the company reported EBITDA of ₹ 526 million, a growth of 19% YoY. 
EBIDTA margins were at 17.8% v/s 14.8% in the same period previous year. 
During 9MFY24, the company reported PAT of ₹ 207 million, a de-growth of 27% YoY. PAT 
margins were at 7.0% v/s 9.5% in the same period previous year. 
During 9MFY24, the employee expense was at 14% of revenues vs 9% during 9MFY23 due to 
new recruitments on account of newly commissioned facility at Dahej SEZ and New R&D 
facility at Vadodara. 
During Q3FY24, exports stood at ₹ 525 million, comprising 62% of the revenue from operations 
and during 9MFY24 the export stood at ₹ 2,084 million, comprising 71% of the revenue from 
operations. The company has a customer base spanning over 25+ countries.  
That concludes an update on the financial highlights of the company. I shall now request the 
moderator to open the floor for questions and answers session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Suruchi. Please go ahead. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 20 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Just want to understand, because if I see SDA sales, more or less we have done the SDA sales of 
the last year in 9 months only. And what I remember, SDA was the highest margin product in 
our overall segments in 2022 is also the major driver of the margin. Is that the margin in SDA is 
going down in the last 18 months or something or not? Because we don't know the margin wise 
something because our margin profile has also gone down. Topline has gone down, I will come 
to that also. But the margin is also going down. 
Chintan Shah: 
In late April this year, we started commercial production from the newly expanded capacities. 
So, our expenses in terms of recruitment, we have added nearly 130 people so far from April to 
December. Your terms of consumption of fuel, power, everything has shot up because we have 
nearly doubled the production capacity. The new capacity has practically, we have been utilizing 
only for production of this new 6 products that we did and supply to the customers for validation. 
And also, three of our large products where we needed again a prior approval from the customer 
that if we are going to change a plant to produce it, then we would need an approval. So, those 
were the three products which went to this new facility for again, practically on terms of 
validation purpose. So, apparently this new facility seems to be very busy. But ideally speaking, 
this new facility is really not generating any revenue so far. This is number one. So, the margins 
in SDAs are absolutely intact, but the issue is unabsorbed cost because of relatively low usage 
of the available capacities. In terms of topline, both in PTCs and SDAs, there is a similar drop in 
raw material pricing. And since most of the product pricing are linked with your raw material 
prices in equation with the customer, so when your raw material prices go down, typically the 
final product prices also have to be relatively adjusted. In terms of PTCs, I would say the relative 
drop in terms of finished good pricing has been nearly 25% to 30%. In terms of SDAs, the price 
realizations have dropped by nearly 20% to 30%, but there is no movement in terms of the actual 
price realization in terms of margin for the product. So, per kg basis, still the margins remain 
intact. The only thing is you see a lower topline in terms of value realization is going down. 
Suruchi Parmar: 
Okay, got it. So, in terms of volume if we want to see, then how much we did as compared to 
last year 9 Months? 
Chintan Shah: 
That I will have to give you the exact number but I assume it's a growth of about 30% compared 
to last year in terms of volume. Again, just to brief you what is the real situation on SDA. So, 
we have four commercial customers so far. Out of this, two are actively buying, our largest 
customer and the fourth new customer in a difficult geography, these two are the customers who 
are regularly buying. Our second largest customer is in China, who is yet to resume buying, who 
has not bought a single kg product since last one year. And the third customer from the European 
territory has started buying but is still on a very small volume. So, practically this growth, 
whatever numbers we are seeing in terms of SDA volumes and value is technically coming only 
from two customers who are now back to nearly normal volumes of what they used to buy pre-
COVID levels. And now with this largest customer, we are now approved for two different 
products where we didn't have the prior opportunity. So, now we have been fully approved. One 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 20 
product goes into commercialization from June quarter and second product, we expect to start 
selling to them from the October quarter, coming June and coming October quarter. So, this will 
also push up the volumes. Another interesting development on SDA, as Ajesh already talked 
about, is out of the four applications we were under validation with one of a very large potential 
customer. We have been approved on three of them and we have already received the initial 
purchase orders for the current quarter from this customer. And the fourth application we expect 
to have final validation results out by March of this year. Again, their volumes are low for this 
year, but they expect to start a handsome commercialization for this volume beginning from 
October of 2024. So, definitely volumes and value in SDA is going to become very interesting. 
Again, we have two more customers. Of course, the business is not very large on those two new 
accounts, but we have been approved for the automotive application by these two customers. 
Potentially, we may see a value coming in at about $2 to $2.5 million from these customers. So, 
it's not a very large account, but these two customers are new addition, which were not there on 
our list. So, customer #6, customer $7. So, all this put together, everything gets into 
commercialization beginning from April to October. So, I'm sure SDA is going to be a very 
interesting year. Next financial year is going to be quite interesting in terms of SDA. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sudarshan Padmanabhan from JM Financial. 
Please go ahead. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Thank you for taking my question. Sir, my question is, has there been any kind of a deferral of 
sales in any of the business because it looks like the revenue run rate has substantially fallen or 
is it just that the lower demand that has driven this kind of business? 
Chintan Shah: 
No. Padmanabhan ji, there were about 11 containers which were postponed to this quarter from 
the December quarter. So, there was some deferral because none of the major customers wanted 
any invoices to be raised, because it was their year-end. And they are probably trying to show 
good numbers in terms of their inventory values. So, they didn't want any invoices to be raised 
in December and everything got postponed to January. So, that is one part, but it is not a very 
significant amount. The large contribution is coming from the drop in prices, because if you see 
at 25% price drop in PTCs and SDA is really significant impacting your topline. So, that is one 
of the key reasons. I would not say that business has been improving steadily, but the only 
impacted segment I would say was the electrolyte salts where definitely demands were very low. 
But apart from that, I'm really happy with the performance that we have done in the last quarter. 
The major aspect is we have to raise these volumes and this is what we expect to start from 
August because once you start producing your PASCs, I'm sure we are going to run out of plant 
capacities August onwards. And that is the reason why we are kick starting a CAPEX 
immediately and investing about Rs. 70 crores on that. And once you have this plant getting 
fully occupied is when you will really see the numbers coming in because most of this cost goes 
unabsorbed in terms of the overhead cost goes, a lot of this overhead cost goes unabsorbed 
because of lower utilization. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 20 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Any idea how much is these 11 containers in terms of sales, absolute sales, will it be decent 
enough? 
Chintan Shah: 
It was roughly about Rs. 11.4 crores. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And sir, with respect to the ongoing tensions on the Red Sea, do we see any kind of impact 
specifically going forward on our business? 
Chintan Shah: 
Logistic costs have shot up like anything. Of course, past quarter, we have not seen that impact, 
but logistic cost is going to be impacted in this current quarter. Freight rates to Europe, we have 
seen skyrocketed roughly about US $900, a box container freight from India to main European 
port. The freight has gone up from $900 to nearly us $3,500. So, that's a significant cost that 
probably everyone is going to incur. Similar is the situation on the US route. But besides that, I 
mean, besides the marginal cost that you are going to incur, I don't see any other major impact 
coming in from that situation. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: So, that will basically help reprice the product as well, right that way? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, it will not happen immediately. It will happen over a time. So, one quarter you are going to 
absorb that cost more or less. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: Sure, sir. And sir, coming to your guidance, earlier our guidance was the sales going about 70% 
to 100% in FY25. And if I go by our current guidance that we are going to run out of capacity 
now, which means that you are primarily looking at the FY25 numbers being very similar to 
what we had initially thought, or even slightly higher. But probably there could be one quarter 
of pain. So, is that the right way to look at it, sir? 
Chintan Shah: 
I would assume at least a 70% growth is justifiable. That is considering primarily because we 
are going to see a lot of value erosion has already happened in terms of value of the products on 
PTCs and SDAs. Otherwise, the numbers would have been even better. And also, all the three 
agro products which we were actually scheduled to begin commercially from February or March 
of 2024. Because of their poor offtake and their demand and their constraints in terms of 
productivity, these have been gradually postponed and now been rescheduled to start 
commercialization from July and August. And now this is from it seems. So, now they have 
instructed us and they have started funding to place the POs and stuff like that. So, now I don't 
see this as a very firm timeline to start commercialization from August 2024. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And beyond FY25, we will also see the opportunity in the BS-7 on the SDA side, which is where 
I would assume the new capacity is also coming in? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, again, unfortunately, the SDA BS-7 got shifted from 2025 to 2027. So, yes, so next year is 
not going to be the BS-7, but the year after that, so FY26 is when we will see actual 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 20 
commercialization of the BS-7 also happening. As I mentioned on my later on speech, we are 
also commercializing, so piloting three new products which are involving continuous flow 
chemistry and electrolysis. So, again these are very nice molecules, one of them is getting into 
the battery material, so the electrolyte part, and the rest two of them are getting into the polymer 
side of the chemistry. And these are very large size molecules and we see a good potential, each 
of these molecules carrying a worth value of about Rs. 50 crores in terms of revenue potential is 
what we are piloting in this June. Up to June we will pilot all these three new products. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And sir, one final thing before I join the queue is after the price erosion of products across the 
segment, the current capacity, now what do you think should be the asset turn and should be the 
optimum sales that one should expect? And also, if you can give some color on the margin, I 
mean, what should one expect in cycling design? 
Chintan Shah: 
The asset turn is taking very interesting changes. Because with this newer chemistry and these 
are lengthier chemistry. So, far when we were involved into PTCs, SDAs and electrolyte salts, 
we were typically seeing an asset turn in excess of three. Now when we are looking at these all 
new PASC segment products, which are multi-stage chemistry, you require more number of 
reactors to achieve the desired product. So, the asset turn is now looking at 1:1.5, maximum 1:2, 
but realistically speaking, 1:1.5 is what we are looking at for all the new products that we have 
been doing. Because you may be doing one stage on electrolysis or one stage on continuous flow 
chemistry, but there will be another couple of stages which are conventional chemistries. This 
is where your reactors requirements, the CAPEX requirements become much higher compared 
to what we have been doing in all these last years. But typically, the asset turn is what we are 
looking at, this Rs. 70 crores what we are going to invest is going to be an add-on facility to 
what we have already done. And out of this, we are looking at, so if we don't invest this Rs. 70 
crores, and what happens if we invest this Rs. 70 crores? So, by investing Rs. 70 crores, we will 
have only an additional revenue of about Rs. 95 crores to Rs. 100 crores. But if we don't do it, 
then we will lose a lot of opportunities and mismatch in terms of delivery timelines and stuff 
like that. So, that is the reason why we are moving so fast in investing this and creating one new 
block of products and plant at Dahej facility. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And sir, this 1.5x asset turn versus 3x asset turn, are we being adequately compensated by 
margins for lower asset turn? I mean, what could be the incremental margins if I can assume say 
in FY25? 
Chintan Shah: 
Not realistically incremental margins, probably margins we are working on similar margin 
levels. But when we are looking at very large potential, for example, one of these Agro products 
that we are commercializing this year has an eventual potential to give you a Rs. 200 crore 
revenues. Now, when you are looking at those kinds of opportunities, then of course, there is a 
set off between volume and margin. But because we are introducing something in a different 
way, so at least we are able to retain the margins what we are doing on the other products in 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 20 
terms of electrolytes, PTCs or SDAs. But despite of having double the CAPEX requirements, it 
is not necessarily translating into a much higher margin compared to SDAs or electrolyte salts. 
Sudarshan Padmanabhan: And sir, on the steady-state margins side, on FY25, what should one look at because currently, 
there is underutilization of asset. And the newer chain of scale is yet to happen. So, probably 
this margin, what we have been seeing in the last few quarters is also not right representative. 
So, what should one realistically look at, sir? I mean, in terms of topline, we understand what 
you said. But in terms of margin, should it be not towards, say, 25%? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, from October when the plant really will be running at a full capacity, I would say a realistic 
margin estimation of 25% would not go anywhere. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sabyasachi Mukerji from Bajaj Finserv. Please 
go ahead. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
So, my first question is a bit of a clarification. You spoke about almost 25% to 30% price erosion 
in PTC and SDA. That has led to revenue kind of contraction. But you also mentioned that the 
absolute EBITDA per kg is somewhat intact, mathematically then your percentage margin 
should look better, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
It is better and that is why we are not going in the red, otherwise we definitely would have been 
in the red with this kind of topline because if you look at the overhead increase that has happened 
in last nine months, periodically if you just compare it on a QoQ basis you will realize the steep 
rise in terms of your overhead costs and despite of that, at this topline, we are able to sustain is 
only the reason because we are seeing an artificial gain in terms of percentage margins on these 
products. Otherwise, we would definitely have been in trouble by now so far. So, the volumes 
have picked up, there is no doubt about it. But the values have eroded because the topline is 
going down and because the product pricing is linked to your raw material cost which is pushing 
the product cost down. But your per kg margin is fortunately remaining intact, which is helping 
you to sustain in this situation. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Essentially, what you're trying to say is that the kind of resource or capacity that we have added 
that is not yet utilized. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, that's what I told on the previous question. See, in April, we started with another 200 KL 
being added. Now this additional 200 KL reactors is technically a whole new plant. And we have 
only produced the 6 products which have gone into validation on the pharma and the agro side. 
And only three of our existing products require revalidation from the customer because we are 
going to change a plant location where we are going to produce. So, besides these 9 product 
campaigns, we have practically not utilized this plant and we are incurring the cost 24 x 7 in 
terms of manpower, electricity, utilities. Even if you run 4 reactors out of 20 reactors, you are 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 20 
running your cooling plant, ceiling plant, brine plant, everything is just going on and on. So, 
unabsorbed cost is really very high which is detrimental for me. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. My next question is on the demand revival commentary that probably you made that 
probably sometime in August we'll see the kind of shifting gears in business that you mentioned 
in the presentation as well. My question is, in an earlier call in Q2FY24 call, you mentioned this 
to be timeline was somewhere around June 2024. Now it has been postponed to August 2024. 
Do you see further postponing of this?  
Chintan Shah: 
At least as far as we are concerned. I can talk only personally about Tatva Chintan. Right now, 
I'm not talking in terms of the overall industry. But let us say if I first talk only about the Tatva 
Chintan, I don't see any further shifting to happen because now we have a given definitive fixed 
schedule. We have started procuring raw materials and started planning the production for those 
campaigns. So, now I don't see any possibility of any postponement of these timelines, at least 
for us. Now generally speaking about the overall industry per se, not only about Tatva Chintan, 
but general industry per se, then I would say agrochemicals, we would see a similar 2024 as we 
have seen in 2023. Demands are definitely not going to really pick up in terms of the agro product 
requirements. In terms of polymer, people are still skeptical. you know, there is a slight hope 
and a slight indication that things are improving, but this could be deceptive. So, at least 6 months 
from now, don't expect any major change in terms of polymers or epoxies to change in a big 
way. Apart from that, I think the SDA segment is doing well. The Pharma side products are 
doing pretty well. So, I think that the dyes and the pigment industry has started to pick up nicely 
now. So, I believe the overall indications are going towards a positive, but this is not going to 
happen very immediately. I would say be patient at least for next coming 2 quarters. And then 
overall per se in terms of general industry perspective also, we should see better sentiments 
beginning every 6 months down the line. But as far as we are concerned personally, I would say 
we would not have any potential shift in terms of shifting years. It has to happen from the month 
of August. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. Last question from my side, but fundamental one on the SDA application. Now there is 
a lot of hue and cry about electric vehicle and in the commercial vehicle segment, if not EV then 
hydrogen may be used as a fuel. When it comes to SDAs, it goes especially into the emission 
control thing. So, what's your thought on this? If at all we see, I understand it is a time taking 
process, but then let's say 5 years down the line, if all the commercial vehicle turns into EV or 
let's say hydrogen, do you see any opportunity in SDA or do you kind of think of compensating 
it with other your product lines? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, no, if you say in terms of timelines, so let us say the EV cars i.e. the passenger cars. So, it is 
very hypothetical to state that in the next 5 years, everything will become EV. So, this is 
practically not possible. Again, as you rightly mentioned, large commercial vehicles getting into 
EVs still a way down the line. Potentially, it's not 5 years. I would say at least a timeline of 15 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 20 
to 20 years. Again, as EV technology has taken a couple of decades to really start showing 
penetration. Hydrogen is just being demonstrated on a pilot scale, I would say, not even pilot 
scale. So, it is still probably a potentially couple of decades away when we really talk of 
hydrogen, because again, this technology, there are a lot of concerns with related to safety and 
commercialization and making hydrogen available at various outlets in a safe manner. So, there 
are a lot of things that are getting into it. So, of course, I would say 20 years should be a definitive 
phase. It may lose its growth phenomena potentially over next 10 years down the line and then 
come to a stable phase and then gradual decline potentially 15 to 20 years down the line. Now 
this is also our personal thought process, how will we protect our business in case that, let us say 
hypothetically, if someone is feeling this can happen in next 10 years, what will you do after 10 
years? And that is the reason why we moved into the electrolyte space on the battery space, 
where if you go from the fuels and get into any EV or any other mode of battery systems, you 
will require electrolytes. So, let us be present there. And we have made an entry in that very tight 
time. So, we have been working on this electrolyte space now nearly a decade. I believe it was 
2011, the first time we got introduced to it and started developing the product. So, it's more than 
a decade when now we have established ourselves as a recognized player except for lithium 
battery. We are there in most of the segments where people come to us and check with us whether 
we can offer them the electrolyte salts or the electrolytes for these batteries. So, we made that 
conscious choice a lot of years back that what if the fuels are, as you are assuming that these 
things will die over a period of time, then what we will do. So, this is an alternative plan for us 
to keep the business alive and growing all the time. 
Sabyasachi Mukerji: 
Got it. So, directionally, let's say if not 5 years, 10 years or 15 years down the line, our mix of 
these segments will look a bit different. SDA will probably come down and then electrolytes 
also will go. That is the directionally the thought process, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. And these are all, see, basically now there is this new application they are working on in 
terms of plastic reprocessing. So, this was never heard of probably 5 years back where the SDA 
could be used. Now this is something new that has come up. So, there are a lot of things that 
people are working on. So, these are all zeolite based applications. And when it comes to 
precision, they require SDA. So, if not this application, what will be the next big thing? So, there 
are a lot of companies who are working on these things in day in, day out, and nobody is going 
to let their business die. So, from Euro-6 to Euro-7 again changes a lot of equations in terms of 
SDA consumptions. The products that are required in terms of SDAs are going to change. So, a 
lot of changes are going to happen, and all these things are being pushed so that the large catalyst 
companies can continue to have their businesses intact and continue to grow. And they are also 
simultaneously working on this variety of different applications where they can synthesize new 
zeolites for new applications. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead, sir. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 20 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Thanks for taking my question. I got three of them. First on this CAPEX of Rs. 70 crore what 
we have announced today, when are we expecting the commercialization of this plant? 
Chintan Shah: 
October 2024. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
October 2024. So, we will be able to put this plant in next, say, 7-8 months? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. So, we have already completed the design part. All the vendors are already coming in from 
the same supply chain what we have utilized in our past expansion. Even our construction 
company which we are going to utilize remains the same. And we have just inducted on board a 
new PMC team, which is something different. So, we have brought in a multinational PMC team 
to take care of this project. And this purposely we have taken in account because it's more 
professional in terms of the earlier PMC we were using. And we will also have a feel whether 
we want to utilize the same PMC for our upcoming new Greenfield project. So, it would be a 
good handholding and a kind of an experience sharing with this new PMC team. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
What is the PMC team? 
Chintan Shah: 
CBRE is what we are inducted.  
Sanjesh Jain: 
And will we require this to get again audited because this will be technically a separate plant, 
right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Only if we want to produce SDAs from there, but we are not going to produce the SDAs. For 
the Agro-intermediates, specifically, we are bringing in this for the three new AG intermediates 
that we are commercializing and there we will not require any kind of revalidation of the product. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Fair enough. Second on the SDA, you said that the price erosion is 25%-30% and YoY revenue 
growth decline is 40% plus. 
Chintan Shah: 
I'll just correct this. So, not all SDAs we have seen, but our largest SDA has seen this kind of a 
correction in terms of value because the raw material prices came down from $18 to $10.8. And 
that is what is leading to the price drop from $12 to $9 in that particular SDA. So, this is when 
the raw material price was $12, now it has gone down to $10.8. We are expecting the further 
price to go down to $8.5. But it is purely the conversion of what quantity of raw material per kg 
we are using to make this SDA and this is the drop in the raw material price, so it is pure 
mathematics. So, if $3 is reduced and our consumption is equivalent to $2 then we have to reduce 
$2 from the product price. It is a very simple mathematics that we follow with the customer. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
So, with this fall in the raw material, does it still make sense to be a backward integration, which 
we were talking earlier? 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 20 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes. So, this is the product that we have already backward integrated. Now with this kind of a 
price drop, if you are able to buy at the same price at which you are able to produce, then why 
would you want to produce? So, we are going for a strategic 30% production in-house. So, that 
is, we continue to do that because that is our strategy and that is what we have presented to the 
customers that non Chinese origin raw material, absolutely indigenized, made in India and this 
is what a non-China supply chain is what we are offering and that is what has got them interested 
and we have got this opportunity with the large customer. So, we continue to produce 30% in-
house, but balance, we don't even see a reason why we should unnecessarily occupy your plant. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
Next coming to the PASC segment, now that all the products are in place and we are telling that 
we are very confident of production, when should the real revenue recognition start? Will it start 
in June quarter, or you expect something to come in 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, it will begin from the month of August, the quarter of July to September. So, full quarter if 
you say, then it will be October to December. This will be a part quarter and October to 
December will be a full quarter where you will recognize the revenue from PASC. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And on the SDA, you said that we are now approved for the Pilot, Production approval is 
awaited. When should we start the revenue recognition? 
Chintan Shah: 
I will say a realistic revenue recognition from October 2024 when these large customers and the 
second product with our largest existing customer, both we expect to have commercialization 
from September or October, full scale commercialization. So, I would say October. Of course, 
the revenues in SDAs will continue to and it has already begun, and it will continue to grow 
from today until September. But October, we will start seeing a real shift in that phenomena. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One on the guidance you gave for this year, you said that Rs. 400 crores to Rs. 425 crores if I 
look at the lower end, we are talking of Rs. 105 crores of sales next Quarter 230, so anywhere 
between 105 to 130 and in first 9 months we have done an EBITDA margin of 17.6, so 
technically we are talking that next quarter we will be hitting a margin of course of 20% to 23%. 
You're saying that this Rs. 11 crores what is got delayed will get recognized and then there will 
be a growth sequentially. 
Chintan Shah: 
Correct. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
That's a fair understanding, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Yes, perfect. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
One last before I get back onto the queue. More on the electrolyte side, what's our talk on the 
customer side? When are they computing their automation project? When we can really expect 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 20 
our offtake to happen? Will it happen in CY24, it will take one year for them and for us it's only 
a CY25 story? 
Chintan Shah: 
So, our large customer is automizing their battery assembly plant and this will go online from 
August 2024. And typically, the number of batteries that they assemble today manually and the 
number of batteries that they will assemble by this automated line is going to become 4x. And 
this is their first automated line, which they will become operational in August of 24 and they 
have got subsidized and low-cost funding from the government of the US, where they will 
eventually set up 4 such assembly lines. This will not happen, additional 3 more assembly lines 
will be set up over a span of next 2 years. So, from 24 to 26, they will eventually set up 4 
assembly lines. So, your X demand of today virtually translates into 14 to 16 X in the next 3 
years’ time. Considering they even produce at 50% of their capacities, then also this will translate 
into a very large business over a period of next 2 to 2.5 years’ time. 
Sanjesh Jain: 
And that product is verified successful, that is it? 
Chintan Shah: 
That we have been supplying since last 1.5 years. Almost 2 years now, I think. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Krishan Parwani, JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Just two clarifications from my side. So, the first is, I think since you mentioned about 1.5x asset 
turns, so on your capacity expansion, which you did at about Rs. 150 odd crores, you'd be able 
to do Rs. 225 crores of incremental revenue. So, that means about Rs. 625 crores of next year. 
Chintan Shah: 
Which Rs. 150 crores are you talking? 
Krishan Parwani: 
The one that you did during the IPO. 
Chintan Shah: 
No, so that was a mix of having PTCs, SDAs and the PASC altogether. So, there definitely we 
had in about CAPEX of Rs, 250 crores. So, of course, from the IPO proceeds, it was maybe Rs. 
150 crores or Rs. 160 crores that was promised and we did about Rs. 250 crores of CAPEX in 
that and there we see an asset turn of about 2. So, that definitely takes us from Rs. 400 crores to 
Rs. 900 crores in terms of revenue. Now what I'm trying to say is these new product launches 
that are coming in, the PASC where the pharma and the Agro intermediates, these are all coming 
in as multi-stage chemistries. So, let us say if I produce X kgs of a product, theoretically I'm 
producing 3x or 4x kgs of total chemicals to eventually come down to X because multi-stage, 
stage one, stage two, stage three, everywhere you are producing X, X to go to the X product. 
Theoretically you are producing three X but ultimately selling only one X out of it. That is what 
is causing the asset turn if I only say on top in terms of PASC and which will be our focus of 
next 3 years in terms of any development and this is going to be our large growth driver over 
next 3 years. Then I would say asset turn of 1.5 is what we are looking at. So, the new Rs. 70 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 20 
crores that we are intending to invest right now is specifically for this PASC, the agro 
intermediates. That is where we are looking only at 1.5 asset turn. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Understood. So, basically earlier of that the initial CAPEX or the IPO CAPEX that you had 
incurred, so there you had probably guided about 3x asset turn, which you have lowered it to 2x, 
correct and then the incremental for PASC, it is 1.5x that is correct, right? 
Chintan Shah: 
Right. 
Krishan Parwani: 
Just one last clarification. So, in terms of whatever incremental revenue that you're going to do 
from let's say FY24 onwards So, could you break it down, like let's say, what percentage of 
incremental revenue would be from PASC and let's say if the incremental revenue is Rs. 300 
crores – Rs. 400 crores over the next 3 years, and the breakup between the PASC and the SDAs, 
that's it? 
Chintan Shah: 
Primarily, the growth is going to come from PASC and SDA, 60% from PASC and 40% from 
SDA. So, all these 6 products are going into commercialization. So, all this will take impact 
from month of August. So, the first 4 months if we exclude, then if on a whole year basis we are 
talking, then we are looking at about Rs. 200 crores in terms of revenue from the PASC segment 
and about an additional revenue of incremental revenue of Rs. 80 crores to Rs. 100 crores on the 
SDA side. 
Krishan Parwani: 
I am sorry, what number did you say for the incremental for the PASC? 
Chintan Shah: 
Rs. 200 crores. 
Krishan Parwani: 
And for SDA, it is Rs. 80 crores, so roughly about Rs. 680 crores more or less? 
Chintan Shah: 
Correct. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vipin Goel from Mirabilis Investment, please 
go ahead. 
Vipin Goel: 
I had one question on the flame retardant segment. So, at one point we were expecting Rs. 200 
crores peak sales for the product that we were developing, which now we have decided not to 
produce because of the market conditions. So, I mean, what are our plans here? And also, if you 
could talk about the second product that you are developing in this segment, which you talked 
about earlier in the call. 
Chintan Shah: 
So, all the clients in this segment are basically polymer manufacturers. It is not that we are never 
going to produce, it is purely because of the current market situations and the price at which 
these products are available, which are ridiculously low. It doesn't make any commercial sense 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 18 of 20 
to produce this right now. Just to give you an example, one of the first products that we have 
introduced in this flame retardant category. Let us say my raw material cost comes to $2.8, the 
product is available at $2.9 today. Nobody can make, see if you add one kg plus one kg, you can 
make maximum 2 kgs. You cannot make 3 kgs, right. And this product pricing is in such a way 
as if people are able to make one kg out of only 500 kg raw material, which is unrealistic. And 
my key competitors in this area are the people who have large capacities to produce bromine, 
which is the key raw material for that. So, I believe product pricing is happening globally in a 
way where they are only getting rid of the bromine that they produce. So, they are just valuating 
their bromine and not evaluating the product per se in terms of flame retardants which they are 
selling. If I say in terms of raw material cost, if 60% cost comes from bromine in this particular 
product. So, if let us say a $3 product, $1.8 is coming out of bromine as a raw material cost. Now 
this product is available at $2.8. So, practically they are trying to sell bromine and not actually 
considering any overheads or margins on the rest of the chemistries that they are putting. So, as 
of today, the same product was available at $4.5, $5, $6, $6.5 and went up to $8, but a standard 
pricing of this product is about $5-$5.5. And that is where it has any economic sense to produce, 
but because the demand is very low, it's probably not even 50% then it used to be a year and a 
half back. And that is what has caused this price to drop. People are sitting on large piece of 
inventories, trying to just get rid of it at whatever price they are able to. As of today, it doesn't 
make sense to produce this product and that is why we are holding off. But we have very 
interesting negotiation going on with one of the customers in the Western World. It's a very large 
potential customer where we have been fully approved right now. And of course, the business is 
not happening per se, because of the pricing situation that persists. Now, this customer has 
slowly and steadily come to a point where they have agreed on a pricing mechanism irrespective 
of what the market price would be. So, based on the global raw material pricing and a conversion 
model, that what would be the overheads to produce at Tatva and let us say Tatva has a 10% 
margin overhead and what is the product cost. So, this is the kind of a mechanism which they 
have nearly agreed. I am not announcing this today because they have not formally agreed or it 
is not 100%. But they are moving in this direction where they understand that today it's an 
artificially low pricing. But when the market turns and suddenly these prices start to rise, the 
availability becomes a question mark and you have to pay very high spot prices. And which 
people have done in last 3 years, paying abnormally very high prices in terms of spot buying. 
So, they don't want to get into that situation and virtually we are very near to closing this 
argument with them to have a contract in place, which will be governed in terms of a fixed 
margin for Tatva and fixed overhead. And the price of the product varies in terms of the raw 
material pricing as and when it changes. The second product which we introduced, again it 
comes from the same category, which is a flame retardant getting into polymers and similar set 
of customers which we are working. 
Vipin Goel: 
Sure, sir. This really helps. Sir, one more thing on the on the SDA front, what we understand 
that the first and the fourth customer are back to pre-COVID levels. So, I mean, just to 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 19 of 20 
understand what portion of the pre-COVID pieces that we are doing in terms of volume, what 
would they be? 
Chintan Shah: 
The thing is that the customer #2, the China customer, which is not buying since probably last 
14 or 15 odd months, was buying nearly 90% of what my customer 1 used to buy, maybe 80%. 
So, not very less than my customer #1. And this customer has literally vanished from the scene 
in the last 14 or 15 months. That is a kind of demand situation within China where they are 
selling very less quantum of their own products within their own territory. Now, despite of that, 
we are seeing this growth. So, you can understand what the customer #1 and customer #4 are 
bringing in terms of volumes, nearly offsetting what the Chinese customer is not off taking. 
Vipin Goel: 
Again, if you have to map the fifth customer on the backdrop of this. 
Chintan Shah: 
This is the largest potential customer, even potentially much larger than my largest customer 
today. 
Vipin Goel: 
And sir on the SDA front again, you alluded some quarters back that there's a high cost inventory 
sitting. So, is that all being utilized? Has it been utilized or is it still you're holding some part of 
it? 
Chintan Shah: 
No, we still have a lot of idle capacities flying around. And this I expect we should overcome 
this scenario from July or August is what I strongly feel and I'm very confident of that in fact. 
Vipin Goel: 
So, will that also be flowing into the margins, I mean, our margins? 
Chintan Shah: 
Of course, yes, because this is idle cost is a huge cost. It's an unbearable cost. It's a huge burden 
for us because as I explained repeatedly, all your equipment facilities are running but producing 
hardly anything. It's a huge cost for you. Just imagine bringing people from Bharuch to Dahej, 
it is a distance of 50 kilometers. We have 12 buses across the shift. And now we have just 
doubled that, right, from 6 to 12. So, even if you produce or not produce, you are paying for 6 
buses on a daily basis to transport your employees from Bharuch to Dahej and back. And this is 
what a cost of 24 lakhs a month. So, this is the kind of cost that you keep on adding if your plant 
is not operating at full capacity. So, once this becomes fully operational, your revenue 
recognition starts happening, and all this cost automatically starts getting absorbed in a decent 
way. And that is where you will see a decent growth in terms of EBITDA as well. 
Vipin Goel: 
One last question. Again on the SDA front, since now we are seeing picking up in volumes. So, 
how do you think about the PTC segment? How should we think about in the future? And what 
kind of growth can be? 
Chintan Shah: 
PTC segment actually there is no real drop in terms of volumes, okay. The volumes are nearly 
the same, of that there may not be a growth. There is a significant erosion in terms of pricing. 

 
Tatva Chintan Pharma Chem Limited 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
Page 20 of 20 
Just for an example, our largest selling phase-transfer catalyst is TBAB. Let us say about by last 
March of 2023, we were selling this product at Rs. 425 in Indian market. Today, this product is 
selling at Rs. 250and Rs. 275. Now, how do you compensate your topline growth when your 
product prices, this is not necessarily I'm talking the margins have dropped, only your product 
prices have dropped so drastically. But in PTC, we have also seen margin erosion because there 
is very fierce competition in PTC in domestic market. Our margins and customers in exports 
have been very well protected. But here, that scenario is a bit different when we talk of domestic 
customers. It's not that it's a catalyst and people say that it's a very critical component of reaction, 
so we don't want to change the source. That is a philosophy which most of the MNC customers 
live with, but it is not the scenario when we talk of the domestic customers. So, here, people tend 
to change source of catalyst even for a Rs. 5 change in the product pricing. Here, we have erosion 
of margins on the domestic front, but at least on the export front, well, 70% of our PTC revenue 
again comes from the exports. But those margins have remained pretty much intact. 
Vipin Goel: 
The volumes for PTCs to still remain at these levels? 
Chintan Shah: 
PTC has never been a very exponential growth business for us. So, PTC has been organically 
growing at 10% to 15% per year. And so this year may be an exception to that, that there may 
not be a volume growth. It's a topline degrowth because of the product prices gone down. So, 
we see a topline degrowth in that segment. But in terms of per se the business, it remains very 
much stable. In fact, for the upcoming 2024 year, we have already business in place for most of 
my existing large MNC customers. So, those businesses have been secured. So, I am pretty much 
relaxed in terms of PTC sales for the calendar year 2024 already. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. That was the last question. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
