WESTLIFE FOODWORLD LTD.  
[Formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.] 
Regd. Off.: 1001, Tower-3, 10th Floor  One International Center  
Senapati Bapat Marg  Prabhadevi  Mumbai 400 013 
Tel : 022-4913 5000  Fax : 022-4913 5001 
CIN No. : L65990MH1982PLC028593 
 
 
Website: www.westlife.co.in | E-mail id :shatadru@westlife.co.in 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         
 
           
Date: 6th February, 2024 
To, 
 
 
 
     To, 
BSE Ltd. (‘the BSE) 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limited (‘the NSE’) 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers      Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                              Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) 
Mumbai 400 001 
 
     Mumbai – 400051      
 
Sub :    Compliance with Regulations 30 of the SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015, 
submission of transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 30th 
September, 2023. 
Re   : Westlife Foodworld Ltd. (formerly known as Westlife Development Ltd.) (“the 
Company”) : Scrip Code-505533 and WESTLIFE (NSE) 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
In compliance with Regulations 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith 
transcript of earnings conference call for the quarter ended 31st December, 2023.  
 
In this regard, the transcript of the said earnings conference call has also been uploaded on 
the Company’s website and can be accessed at the weblink: https://westlife.co.in/investors-
earnings-release.php  
 
You are requested to take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Westlife Foodworld Limited 
 
 
 
Dr Shatadru Sengupta 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl : as above 

 
 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
Westlife Foodworld Limited  
Q3FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
 
▪ Mr. Amit Jatia – Chairperson 
▪ Ms. Smita Jatia – Vice Chairperson 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Kalra – Managing Director 
▪ Mr. Akshay Jatia – Executive Director 
▪ Mr. Saurabh Bhudolia – Chief Financial Officer 
▪ Mr. Chintan Jajal – Lead Investor Relations 
 
 

 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Westlife Foodworld Limited Q3 
FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, 
please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
 
We would like to remind you that certain statements made by the management in 
today's call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements 
reflect management's best judgment and analysis as of today. The actual results may 
differ materially from the current expectations based on the number of factors 
affecting the business. Please refer to the safe harbor disclosure in the earnings 
presentation. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Chintan Jajal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Chintan Jajal: 
Thanks, Neerav. Welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us on Westlife 
Foodworld Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter ended 31st December 2023. I 
am Chintan Jajal, lead IR at Westlife. From the management team, I have with me Mr. 
Amit Jatia, Chairperson; Ms. Smita Jatia, Vice Chairperson; Mr. Saurabh Kalra, 
Managing Director; Mr. Akshay Jatia, Executive Director; and Mr. Saurabh Bhudolia, 
Chief Financial Officer. 
 
We will kick off today's conversation with Smita sharing her thoughts on overall 
business progress and outlook. This will be followed by Akshay taking us through 
operational, financial and strategic highlights. Post that, we can open the forum for 
questions and answers. We will be referring to the earnings presentation and financial 
releases available on Bombay Stock Exchange, National Stock Exchange and Investors 
page of our website. 
 
With that, I now request Smita to commence this session. Thank you, and over to you, 
Smita. 
Smita Jatia: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining today's call, wherein I will share with 
you our steadfast perspective on Westlife Foodworld's performance. Let's begin by 
reflecting on how Westlife Foodworld has grown from strength to strength over the last 
27 years. We continue to grow while facing market cycles and shifts in consumer 
demand. We focused on creating an ecosystem that would not just help us, but also 
raise the water table for the entire QSR industry. 

 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
We personalized the most popular QSR brand in the world to suit the Indian pallet, 
budgets and preferences. We navigated various cycles of highs and lows and emerged 
bigger, better and bolder. Remember, even amid the global pandemic, we successfully 
achieved Vision 2022, which is a testament to our organization, focused on achieving 
execution excellence and our commitment to our goals irrespective of external 
challenges. This vast experience underscores our adaptability and the ability to 
navigate through uncertainty. 
 
Our last quarter has been a little soft, owing to inflationary pressures, subdued 
consumer spending and other external factors beyond our control. But I must 
acknowledge that Westlife Foodworld has displayed resilience and is adapting to these 
challenges with fortitude. It's essential to recognize we started this fiscal year on a 
positive base coming off the success of a remarkable year gone by. It is this positive 
momentum that has served as a foundation for navigating the challenges we 
encountered. 
 
Our average sales per store in the trailing 12 months remained broadly stable, 
showcasing the resilience of our business model. These positive bases, even amidst 
the challenging times, provide us with a solid foundation as we address the challenges 
that have impacted our performance. I must reiterate that despite the persistent 
headwinds, we are all well-positioned to achieve our ambitious target of opening 40 to 
45 stores this fiscal year. 
 
We continue to execute this plan by adding 11 new stores in Q3. Moreover, we plan to 
further up the ante and open more stores in FY25 as compared to FY24. I remember 
back in 2015-'16, when the industry was facing similar macroeconomic challenges, 
many industry players had taken drastic steps to curtail their network. However, we 
remained committed to opening stores prudently. We stood firm, defined the trend by 
not only weathering the storm, but actively expanding our network. Our resilient 
strategy allowed us to achieve stellar results in the subsequent year. 
 
Today, we are once again on the same path resolutely holding onto our Vision, 
confident that it will pave the way for our future success. Remaining committed to our 
growth strategy, we consistently strive to provide delicious food and superior customer 
experience while having a positive impact on the communities we serve. We believe in 
making the experience of McDonald's accessible and making feel-good moments easy 
for everyone. 
 
Aligned with this philosophy, this year, our EatQual initiative was a step to further our 
commitment towards inclusiveness and social responsibility wherein we made our 

 
 
Page 4 of 18 
delivery app and website color blind friendly, a first of its kind initiative in the food 
industry. 
 
As we navigate these challenges, our robust leadership plays a pivotal role. Their 
strategic vision and decisive actions have steered the organization through 
uncertainties in the past, and their expertise and unwavering commitment inspire 
confidence in our future. We remain confident in our strategy, our leadership and our 
long-term vision. 
 
Our long-term vision remains a priority, and our goal for 2027 are firmly intact. We are 
not nearly reacting to the challenges, but are proactively shaping our future. Your 
confidence in Westlife Foodworld is a cornerstone of our success. As we remain 
resilient, adaptive and steadfast in our commitment to delivering long-term value, we 
thank you for your continued trust and support. 
 
I will now request Akshay to share the operational and financial highlights of the quarter 
gone by. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone. Wishing you all a great 2024, and I hope you had a 
good start to the year. Thanks for taking the time out to discuss our Q3 results. As you 
would have seen, the performance during the quarter was a bit subdued. Consolidated 
sales and same-store sales declined by 2% and 9% year-on-year, respectively, on 
account of 2 key challenges. Firstly, on the macro side, demand conditions remained 
tough with lower levels of eating out frequency. The festive season saw a slight uptick, 
but the demand pressure continued thereafter. The softness in general consumption 
trends is quite visible across the retail space and several other macro indicators. 
 
The second key challenge we faced during the quarter was on account of floods and 
external issues beyond our control. We have seen a meaningful impact on our business. 
Around 30% of our stores across West and South saw a 10% to 50% decline in daily 
sales from mid-October onwards. 
These stores reported a significant divergence in sales and footfall trends as compared 
to other relatively less impacted stores as seen in the second chart on Slide 5 of the 
presentation. Having said that, considering the diverse set of communities and 
customers that we serve, I think it is reasonable to infer that there was some pressure 
across our entire network. 
 
Normalizing for these external issues, basis our best judgment, the same-store sales 
would have likely declined by 3% as against the reported negative 9%. We initiated 
various on-ground measures to mitigate these challenges. Many affected stores are 
progressively recovering to their normalized business levels, and we are hopeful that 

 
 
Page 5 of 18 
this issue will be resolved soon. I'm proud to also highlight that Westlife is an inclusive 
Indian company. We employ over 10,000 Indians representing various communities. 
 
Moving on to business channels. Our off-premise business grew by 3% year-on-year, 
contributing 42% to overall sales. Our on-premise business declined by 5%, largely on 
account of lower footfalls in more affected stores. Our average sales per store on a 
trailing 12-month basis was broadly comparable to last year at INR64.5 million. Today's 
consumers are more demanding than ever. While their preferences will keep oscillating 
within price points, categories and channels, it is imperative that we continue to 
innovate to offer them the right value for their money and their time. 
 
During the quarter, we reinforced our Value platform with our always-on Extra Value 
Meal promotion. This is leading to a healthy improvement in customers visiting our 
restaurants. We also launched the McDonald's -- MyMcDonald's loyalty program in 
November. While it is at a nascent stage, we are seeing encouraging signs of adoption, 
especially amongst our younger customers. Our plan is to leverage the learnings and 
drive customer frequency as we scale the program in the coming quarters. 
 
On the premium side, we launched the Cheesy Italian Burgers as a limited time offer 
and continued to promote our cheesy range. We also collaborated with Mondelez to 
launch Cadbury Gems-based desserts and beverages. And just like our previous 
collaborations, it has done well with our customer base. And finally, our McSpicy Fried 
Chicken continues to track higher volumes quarter-on-quarter. 
 
Moving on to profitability. Our gross margin stood at 70.3%, up by about 12 basis points 
year-on-year and 17 basis points quarter-on-quarter, thanks to a strong focus on 
strategic sourcing and cost optimization. Restaurant operating margins and operating 
EBITDA margins were lower by 130 basis points year-on-year and 204 basis points year-
on-year, respectively, on account of lower operating leverage. Cash profit after tax 
stood at INR601 million or at 10% of sales. 
 
On the network, we opened 11 new restaurants and closed 1 in Q3, bringing the total 
number of restaurants to 380 in 62 cities as of December 31. 90% of these restaurants 
have McCafés, 83% are EOTF stores and 19% are Drive-thrus. We are on track with our 
network expansion plan of adding 40 to 45 restaurants or new stores in FY '24. 
Furthermore, we are targeting 45 to 50 stores in FY '25 with a stronger focus on South 
India, smaller towns and drive-thrus. As a result, we continue to aggressively increase 
brand penetration. 
 
Finally, I would say that while it has been a challenging period with multiple headwinds, 
our brand qualitative metrics continue to remain strong across our key markets. Our 

 
 
Page 6 of 18 
latest data and research suggest that demand trends have largely stabilized. Hence, we 
do not expect incremental macro headwinds here onwards. We are hopeful that 
business will start moving in the right direction sequentially before getting back to our 
desired levels of growth. We remain focused on executing our plans and achieving our 
Vision 2027. 
 
Thank you for your time. I now hand over the call to the moderator, and we are happy to 
answer any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The first question is from the line of question Krishnan Sambamoorthy from 
Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead.  
Krishnan Sambamoorthy: The point that you highlighted on the affected stores, what is the commonality there 
and why were these stores affected, these 30% of stores affected significantly more 
than the rest of the portfolio? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Like we've already pointed out, there were issues beyond our control. And then if you 
look at it, there is a sentiment for the brand going around. But essentially, I'll give you 
examples of a few restaurants, like Mumbai Central, Bhendi Bazaar, and I'm not giving 
you too much detail around it. they used to do an X volume. And then now all of a 
sudden, overnight, in October, mid-November, they went down by almost 50%, 60% for 
reasons which were not in our control. 
 
And we've got a cohort of the store and cohort of a market, which is behaving in this 
manner, and that's what we have normalized for. We want to correct that by telling 
everybody that we are a truly Indian company. And we foresee that in a quarter or 2, we 
should be back as far as this impact is concerned. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Marie from GIC. Please go ahead.  
Marie: 
So if I may, could you please comment on your SSSG trend and what has changed in the 
quarter? Do you see burger as a category to deliver a slower trend going forward? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So like we kind of tried to illustrate, obviously, there are 2 key challenges that we faced 
in this last quarter, and the trend was building for a while as you've seen in all the macro 
indicators, there is softness in demand and consumption overall. Eating-out frequency 
has actually degrown, basis our data in the last quarter, and there's already been a lot 
of expansion across the retail network. So as a result, demand pressure was there. 
 
And number two, there were issues and external issues that were beyond our control, 
which further impacted our store base, 30% of these stores, 30% of our network had an 
impact to the range of 10% to 50%. And as a result, you saw our SSSG at negative 9%. 

 
 
Page 7 of 18 
We normalized it for these external issues where we came to a negative 3% number. 
And from a long-term point of view, like we've reiterated in our Vision 2027, our 
endeavor is to get back to high single-digit SSSG. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Manoj Gori from Equirus Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Manoj Gori: 
My question here is, as you highlighted in your opening remarks, we are seeing some 
recovery. So probably, while talking about the near term, do we expect like somewhere 
around by Q4 and Q1 or probably early start of Q1 things should normalize and probably 
we should be back on the growth trajectory, probably not at the desired level, but 
probably we might see some recovery and probably some growth on SSSG side? That's 
the first question. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Okay. So this is Saurabh. So what your understanding is right because we have been 
able to attribute an issue apart from softness, and we have taken steps to be able to 
work through the softness right now, and that seems to be working well. On the other 
issue, we see that remaining for a quarter or 2 before it gets completely neutralized. But 
increasingly, you will see it reducing as far as the impact is concerned. 
Manoj Gori: 
Right. Can you throw some light on demand environment, apart from the external 
factors how do you read the demand environment, probably how things are 
progressing over there? Because obviously, we relatively delivered better performance 
barring Q3 numbers. So probably if you look at, we did -- and how do we read the 
demand... 
Manoj Gori: 
So my question is how do you read the overall demand environment? We have done 
well relatively until 2Q. Third quarter is probably the first quarter where we have seen 
some weakness. So can you throw some light on the overall underlying demand 
environment? 
 
And probably my last question would be on the down trading side. Have you seen any 
down trading in this soft demand environment and probably that's one of the reason 
for margin impact? That's all, sir. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So let me give you this answer in 2 ways. Number one is, as far as we are concerned, we 
have never given excuses. We have said in India, demand is not every 1 quarter. So that's 
how India grows. Some quarters are soft, some quarters we grow up well. So it's about 
our strategy. I think what Smita mentioned in the start of this call, we are pretty 
committed to our strategy.  

 
 
Page 8 of 18 
And what we do foresee is there was an element which was remaining, which we had 
pointed out last quarter also on value for money. I think we have completed that picture, 
and we should be able to -- we should have gained some amount of market already. 
However, due to external issues, right now, it was a little tough, and we foresee that in 
a quarter or 2 that will get vanished -- if you're always used to seeing as far as Westlife 
is concerned. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Yes. And just building on Saurabh's point, we feel we've completed the entire puzzle in 
terms of value for money and our strategy for Vision 2027. While we are tackling the 
other issues on the ground, we are committed to our Vision 2027 and plan to deliver on 
that, which indicates that once this is bottomed out and we get back onto the growth 
trajectory, we are aiming for high single-digit SSSG to take us to Vision 2027. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Dhiraj Mistry from Antique Stock Broking. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So my first question is related to -- I know that you don't give any future guidance. But 
in this quarter, there was a preponement of IPL, which has been going through. And also 
in terms of near-term demand scenario, what kind of SSSG growth or what kind of 
momentum you would like to -- you would be witnessing in 4Q? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So while we will not comment immediately what's going to happen this quarter or next, 
I think like Akshay said, we are fairly committed to the 5-year goals. And if you look at 
our 5-year journeys in a block of 5, 5 years, you will realize there are quarters, good 
quarters, bad quarters. But overall, from where we look at it, whether it's IPL, every year 
IPL comes, it's not that it's going to be new. So we will always be -- the same-store sales 
growth will be on that base. 
 
We've got a robust strategy in place right from value for money, affordability and 
premium in place for us. And we foresee that should be good enough for us to recover 
back and then start on a very good note as far as the next year is concerned. So that's 
how we look at it. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And 1 bookkeeping question, why your royalty payment in this quarter is only 4% 
of sales compared to 5.1%, 5.2% historically last previous 2 quarters? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So essentially, on a larger picture, if you look at the YTD number, it's a reconciliation. 
There are some incentives here and there which come from McDonald's because we 
have opened record number of stores. But if you look at it, they are not even a rounding-
off number. Jan to December is where the McDonald's cycle is, so you will see that 
happening every year in December, a little here and there. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. Okay. And can you help me with your capex guidance for FY '25? 

 
 
Page 9 of 18 
Akshay Jatia: 
So we don't give out capex guidance normally. But what we do is that we talk about the 
number of new stores we are opening, and the number of new stores we anticipate to 
open in the next year is 45 to 50 stores, which shows our commitment towards building 
the network and expanding brand penetration and moving closer towards our Vision 
2027. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
Okay. And last question from my side, like during the quarter, have you witnessed -- like 
is there any material change between Beverages portfolio versus Burger portfolio? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So I think -- like we've always maintained our core is burger, chicken and coffee within 
which, obviously, beverages sits. We're very committed within our value strategy to 
selling meals. So our product mix varies. We plan to kind of sell across the product mix. 
And as a result, we represent the multi-category, multi-daypart kind of consumption 
occasion. And because of that, we have the average unit volumes that we have today. 
Dhiraj Mistry: 
So the angle, which I am coming from, is there any change or you would like to throw 
some light on what kind of AUV movement has happened or per order value movement 
which has happened? Is there any material down-trading or up-trading, which has 
happened during the quarter? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I look at it differently. If you look at our sales, we are -- like Akshay said, we are happy to 
sell burger, chicken, coffee. Obviously, we haven't sold as many as we anticipated to. 
Now, if you look at it versus last quarter, I don't think there'll be too many years or there 
will be any year in my career when in October, November, December average unit 
volume would be lesser than July, August, September. 
 
Now this has happened. It is there. But if I look at the pro-mix, there is not too much of 
a shift when I look at it quarter-on-quarter. Obviously, yearly, there is always a 
seasonality expected in October, November, December. It's not planned out. And like 
Akshay has already mentioned, there were issues beyond our control, there were 
softening, multiple reasons, which we can pinpoint, but reality is we haven't sold as 
many as we would have liked. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Adithya from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Aditya, may 
I request you to unmute and go ahead with the question, please? 
Adithya: 
Sir, I had a couple of questions. First, starting on the overall demand trends, you have 
said that the Jan demand, it seems like the demand has stabilized. So in terms of the 
external disruption that you have seen in the quarter, do you think that will sustain in Q4 
as well? And as a result of this, do you think the minus 3% of normalized SSSG that you 
saw in Q3, is that the bottom of this? Or do you think there is still some scope for 
possibility of it weakening further? And... 

 
 
Page 10 of 18 
Akshay Jatia: 
Sorry, go ahead. 
Adithya: 
No, I'll ask the second question afterwards. 
Akshay Jatia: 
So in terms of demand trends, we clearly explained that we stay committed to our 
strategy. In fact, we've launched our Extra Value Meal at INR149. We have kind of 
multiple price points, whether it's across our value platform, our medium meals or our 
premium meals, so as a result, I think the interventions we are making are the relevant 
and right ones for our customers to come back for value for money because 
McDonald's remains a multi-daypart, multi-category occasion for them. And you get 
most products at a great value for money. We're just communicating it more currently. 
 
Secondly, in terms of the external issues, like Saurabh mentioned multiple times, we 
anticipate them to kind of bottom out over a quarter or 2. Obviously, again, there are 
external issues that are beyond our control, and we are doing what we need to in terms 
of communicating on the ground that McDonald's is a truly Indian company, 
representing a diverse base of both customers as well as employees. We employ over 
10,000 Indians , representing various communities. So as a result, we are doing what's 
required, and we do anticipate this to bottom out over a quarter or 2. 
Adithya: 
Okay. And my second question -- the second question is on the loyalty program. Can 
you give us some color on like how many stores it has been launched, like what is the 
initial feedback? And what are the terms that like you have finalized for the program? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Loyalty program -- actually, it's a global program in which there is a certain amount of 
points you earn when you purchase at McDonald's. It was a very soft launch. We are 
trying to operationalize it in the restaurant so that people get habituated to it. That's 
why -- obviously, you are a keen customer; therefore, you've been able to capture the 
loyalty. And then we have put it in the presentation as a very small point. 
 
I think right now, how we see it is more you eat for McDonald's loyal customers, instead 
of giving deep discounting maybe after some visits and spending some amount, for 
that points you can then get, say, a burger, a pizza puff or a Cappuccino and so on and 
so forth. So that's -- it's not a straight-point-based functioning of saying these many 
points is equal to these many rupees, but it is basis points. 
 
We're going to continue playing with it. There are a lot of global best practices because 
we are actually not the first country to launch this. In fact, after multiple countries 
learning from this loyalty program, we're trying to look at the best bet and then see how 
we can make sure that loyal customers are rewarded the maximum. 

 
 
Page 11 of 18 
Adithya: 
Yes, that was very clear, sir. So where I was getting some was -- like has it been 
launched across all the stores? And secondly, if I'm not wrong, it is currently only 
available in dine-ins so is that like the initial version of the soft launch? Or like is that the 
concrete version that you'll be going ahead with as you roll it out? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So as McDonald's, we take -- we don't do everything together. There is a digital journey, 
which we have mapped out for us in that digital journey as a part of that digital journey. 
Earlier we used to have McDonald's app only giving offers. Now what you're going to 
see extensively the -- and those were all dine-in offers, we were very dine-in offers-
heavy app, which you're going to see a lot of dine-in app offers reducing, more 
acknowledgment to loyal customers through loyalty, and you're going to see that 
calibration happening. 
 
Is that the end? Absolutely not. There is a huge journey which we are embarking on in 
terms of digital, which is going to play out over the next 2 to 3 years. But I can't share all 
the details right now. But what I can tell you is it's always an ongoing journey in which 
loyalty dine-in is an important part because there are a lot of dine-in goers who are 
regulars as a start of it. And we will see how do we scale up as a part of our digital 
journey. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital Advisors. Please 
go ahead.  
Priyank Chheda: 
Sir, my question is on the normalized SSSG, which is minus 3%. And I'm excluding all 
the external problems, which are not in our control. Do you -- why do you think that this 
normalized SSSG is also negative? Is this only a short term quarter phenomena? Then 
what's that short-term quarter phenomena, which we think that should normalize back 
to 7%, 8% in the coming quarters? It's something which I'm not able to solve the puzzle. 
If you can help me, it would be great. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So I'll give you this answer in 2, 3 manners. Obviously, we should have reacted as far as 
value for money a little earlier. The demand in IEO has been soft now for at least last 
couple of years, if not more. In that, our premiumization played quite well, and we were 
left a little behind as far as value was concerned. I think we have corrected that. So 
you're going to progressively see that base going back to the growth which we are used 
to. 
Akshay Jatia: 
So I'll just build on that. If you see we started off the year very strong. And actually, 
despite there being pressure in the IEO market, we've continued to deliver strong 
results like Saurabh said on value for money. While we've had the relevant offerings and 
the price points, our communication might have been a little late to the game. And at 

 
 
Page 12 of 18 
the same time, this last Q3, I think in the entire retail environment, it has been a tough 
one. So we did witness more softness than anticipated. 
 
But like I said, we intervened and we've kind of launched all the right communication 
strategies and further strengthened our value -- strengthened our value platform. And 
as a result, we're hoping to stabilize the demand and get back to our growth trajectory 
in the next couple of quarters. 
Saurabh Kalra: 
And mind you, October, November, December was real, real high base as far as we are 
concerned. In fact, that was the highest average unit volume which we had ever 
achieved. So we were also, again, the high base. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Okay. So demand softness has been witnessed in the value category side and where 
we were late and which we are trying to bridge out, plus extra base effect, which has 
been playing out for us to look into our SSSG number, right? I mean I have been able to... 
Akshay Jatia: 
See, like we said, it's a couple of things, right? The market itself is slowing down. From 
a value communication point of view, we strengthened our platform in the last quarter. 
And we're playing across price points now, not only kind of around premiumization in 
terms of communication. And that's allowing us to kind of stabilize the demand trends. 
And like we said, we hope to get back to our growth trajectory in the next couple of 
quarters. And that's our plan moving forward. 
 
The base is something that Saurabh just added incrementally. Obviously, we were 
comping against a very high base last year same quarter. And that coupled with the 
demand effect obviously has taken us to negative territory, which we've reported after 
a long term. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. And on a very broader category perspective, do you think burger is a category 
which is also witnessing an increased competitive pressures with more fragmented, 
smaller chains in each of the regions trying to get their shares, trying to give out their 
differentiated offering to consumers versus the national brand versus very 
standardized offerings. So do you think -- and to add on to that, there are a few other 
national brands within burger, which are also getting more aggressive in terms of their 
menu operations and changes. So on an overall category, do you think that this is also 
something to be mindful of? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I wouldn't look at it that ways at all. In fact, we have been the pioneers of burger even 
today. We would have the dominant share of burgers. I don't worry about mom-and-
pop shops because any which ways anything which has to make a material difference 
has to happen at scale. To me, I think we would rather look at it in a different manner. If 
you look at it from the industry standpoint, you can take anyone in the QSR industry, 

 
 
Page 13 of 18 
and our average still remains at around INR6.4 crores, INR6.5 crores annualized volume 
per store -- actually even close to us. 
 
So if I look at it, qualitative metrics, and I look at brand metrics, I look at the metrics like 
the burger people like, I do not see any softening as far as the burger is concerned, the 
burger eat out is concerned. And to me, that's not something. In fact, that's one of the 
areas where we believe burger is going to continue dominating the QSR industry. 
 
More -- if more and more people can come and make people habituated to eating a 
burger, it is good news for us because from the last 25 years, we are the sole proponent 
of burgers, and we are very, very happy to have more competition so that burger 
category can build further because burger category versus any other country, I would 
call it very nascent as far as India -- as far as our country is concerned. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. Very clear. And just a last question. Over last 6 months, we have added 20 stores, 
but if I have to look towards the quarterly trajectory of other expenses or if I have to add 
employee costs also, that has broadly remained flat. So other expenses at INR250 
crores has remained flat, employee expenses at INR80 crores has remained flat, while 
we have added around 20, 23 stores into our network that which we understand that 
the new store would bring in the cost at day 1 while sales would come in the later half. 
So if you can help you what is the piece that we are missing out? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
I think this one you can give us a little bit of credit because -- also utilized to rationalize 
cost. I think we have eliminated a lot of costs. And therefore, you don't see the fixed 
cost impact, which would have come because of 13, 14 stores, augurs well because 
when we are back on the growth side, all this will also turn into good profitability 
numbers. 
Priyank Chheda: 
No, the credit all goes to you, all to the management of Westlife definitely because the 
time when we had met a previous year, we did mention that all the cost rationalizations 
were behind us, and now we are looking towards the growth. So was there anything that 
was left, and if you can give us specifics on to which kind of a cost have we eliminated 
over the last 9 months? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes. So cost rationalization is -- in the Indian context is never a destination. I think every 
year, we need to put costs back in the hopper, and I will actually pass on to Saurabh 
Bhudolia, who's our CFO, and his team worked on it. All the costs were put back in the 
hopper, and we have been able to identify a certain amount of savings. 
Saurabh Bhudolia: 
So see, again, if I reiterate the discussion what we had in the last couple of quarters, see 
cost reduction or cost rationalization is a continuous exercise, and as we always know 
that we are a growing company and we are growing fast. So as we start our growth 

 
 
Page 14 of 18 
journey, there is always a chance that we start creating a fat on the layer. So I believe 
now the time has come when we have to start removing up fat out of the system. And I 
believe this is a continuous exercise. It will last for the next couple of quarters where we 
need to keep evaluating what are the good costs, what is bad cost. Definitely good cost 
will be part of life and bad cost we have to get rid of it. 
Moderator: 
Priyank, sorry to interrupt you, I will request to come back for a follow-up question. The 
next question is from the line of Palash Kawale from Nuvama Wealth. 
Palash Kawale: 
Apologies if I'm repeating the question. So, sir, you have mentioned that SSSG was also 
affected by higher base. So from which quarter will we be having normalized base? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So I think that was an incremental point that was added when we were discussing the 
SSSG number. I think from this quarter onwards, like we said, we're hoping that demand 
trends have stabilized and there shouldn't be any incremental macro headwind. And 
next year onwards, we hope to get back on to our growth trajectory and work towards 
our Vision 2027, where the goal is a high single-digit SSSG. 
Palash Kawale: 
Okay. And my next question is, you mentioned that you would be driving the footfalls to 
value side of the menu. So keeping the external factors aside, is the effect of those 
initiations there, like the delta between premium and value growth, has that narrowed? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Okay. So when we talk about value for money, we are not always talking affordability. 
So if you look at our 5 years plan also, we had always talked about meals being the focus 
for being able to achieve our vision of 2027. Now in that, a filling burger, fried chicken, 
and having an extra value meal was a part of the proposition of the 3 legs. I think the 3rd 
leg wasn't put in place and came into place only last year. And we had to strengthen 
that. We have worked on -- in order to strengthen that. 
 
It is not that we are going on to a single 1 product at less than X price like what we had 
done in McAloo Tikki in 2003. It is about having the value proposition for being able to 
work on the meal proposition, which we are creating. I think we are committed to that 
journey, and we see that, that should be great value for money, will not only indicate an 
affordable price point, but also indicate McDonald's as a place for having good meals. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Shirish Pardeshi from Centrum Broking. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Saurabh, if I may check with you, the gross margin expansion has happened, and you 
have been able to maintain. But if I look at next 2 quarters, what are the pressure points? 
I mean, which are -- is the inflation is really under control? Or is there some bump up 
which you are expecting in next 1 or 2 quarters? So how should we look at the gross 
margin and then the operating margins for next year? 

 
 
Page 15 of 18 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So as far as the gross margin is concerned, I don't see any adverse impact hitting us. I 
think we've been able to do a very prudent job in order to predict the cost on the gross 
margin front. Inflation is normalized, and we should be able to tackle with that normal. 
 
Like I said, we are continuously working on removing cost out of the system so that the 
P&L doesn't go off. Obviously, when you open 42 restaurants and the fixed cost comes, 
some impact comes along with it. But as far as the cost prudence is concerned, I'm 
extremely happy with what we've been able to achieve in the last quarter and what we 
have planned for from a next year standpoint. So I think that this gross profit you will 
not see deteriorating any further. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay, and Mr. Kalra, if I look back, I mean, I have enough explanation I heard from you in 
terms of decline in SSSG. But if I just quickly check, October versus December versus 
January, is the trend is similar or is there any material change which has happened on 
the positive side or it is things have further worsened? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Sir, we do not give any breakups. What I can tell you is, like I said, there is a cohort of 
store which was impacted. And the rest of it, we are still seeing everything bottoming 
out and us now starting to improve on the other aspects, but there's a cohort of store 
which we need to still work on. We are working on the truly Indian campaign, and let's 
see how it pans out. 
Shirish Pardeshi: 
Okay. So does that mean that we will have to further strengthen our value proposition? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So again, like we said, we're working on value as a platform as part of our strategy for 
Vision 2027, which revolves around meals, chicken, burger, coffee, and it's part of our 
strategy. It's not that we've changed anything. We're just strengthening certain parts 
of the communication. And that's anyway essential for us achieving our Vision 2027 
strategy. So that is going to be the path moving forward. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Gaurav Jogani from Axis Capital. Please go 
ahead.  
Gaurav Jogani 
Apologies if my questions have been repeated because I joined the call late. First of all, 
I'm just... 
Moderator: 
Gaurav, you are not audible, can you please speak through the handset? 
Gaurav Jogani 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, better. 

 
 
Page 16 of 18 
Gaurav Jogani 
Yes. So sorry if my questions have been repeated because I joined the call late. My first 
question is with regards to the store opening, are we on the track to open of 45-odd 
stores for this particular year on the gross basis at least? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So our guidance was between 40 to 45. We should be able to be between 40 to 45 stores 
for the current financial year. For next financial year, our guidance is 45 to 50, we should 
be able to do that too. 
Gaurav Jogani 
Okay, sure. And the next question is with regards to, again, the cohort of the stores that 
you were mentioning about that was impacted due to some certain one-offs, like 
floods, etcetera. So are that issues now behind us? And are we seeing some -- that 
normalizing or the issues continue to be there? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
We believe that it's bottomed out. However, we are yet to see significant improvement 
on any of this, but we do foresee that in a quarter and 2, it should vanish. 
Akshay Jatia: 
And we are taking measures to ensure that we communicate to handle this on-ground 
issue of these external issues primarily around our campaign that we are a truly Indian 
company. And as McDonald's India, we represent and employ over 10,000 Indians 
representing various communities. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the line of Saurabh Trivedi, individual investor. 
Saurabh Trivedi: 
Actually, I was going through the presentation. On the 6th slide, we have written that, 
initiated various measures to highlight that McDonald's India is truly Indian company, 
so what was the reason behind this thing? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So I've mentioned it multiple times. Obviously, there is a sentiment against the brand. 
And we have done a truly Indian company campaign for people to realize that we are 
truly Indian. And as Akshay has repeatedly said, we employ X, Y, Z customers, we want 
to tell people so that our -- we believe that the cohort of stores which have been 
impacted have been impacted because people don't perceive us as an Indian company. 
Saurabh Trivedi: 
Okay. And what were the reasons behind this 30% of gap in West and South areas? 
What were the external issues? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Like I said, their external issues, I can't mention it on the call right now. You can 
research. There is enough material available to understand what the issue is. The 
impact was a little higher in South than in West. And I've given an example earlier also 
like a store in Mumbai Central, Bhendi Bazaar, even in Mumbai, we were doing an X 
volume, INR70 lakh, INR75 lakh, it has come down to less than INR30 lakh. So now that's 

 
 
Page 17 of 18 
an overnight impact which has happened. I'm giving you an example of a restaurant. So 
this is the kind of store where we have seen the impact. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Saurabh I’ll request you to come back for follow-up question. The next 
question is from the line of Devanshu Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead.  
Devanshu Bansal: 
Again, I just wanted to as in -- ask as in how have you decided that these 30% of the 
stores are being impacted by the negative sentiment, just any thought on that side? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
See on -- this is basis our on-ground intelligence on what is the type of store we operate, 
what communities we will operate with, etcetera, etcetera. These are best judgment. 
We believe we have been conservative in this estimate. However, this is very, very 
clearly that coming out of the issues which are beyond our control. 
Akshay Jatia: 
And -- Saurabh has repeatedly given examples of multiple types of stores, whether it's 
Mumbai Central, Bhendi Bazaar, where we've seen sales decline from a monthly sale of 
X by around 50%, 60% in a matter of a week or a few days, so it's a very drastic knee-
jerk impact, which, like we said, we're working on the ground to communicate the right 
messaging and ensure that this gets stabilized and get back to our growth trajectory. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
And when was this campaign launched, truly Indian? 
Akshay Jatia: 
So it's, I think, been launched in January. Over the months of November, December, 
obviously, we were gathering intel and understanding that our hypothesis was correct. 
And we also made interventions around value price points, etcetera. And now we're 
kind of communicating altogether. 
Devanshu Bansal: 
Got it, sir. And thirdly, I wanted to check from a focus on value side of the things, do we 
anticipate some challenge on the gross margin as this mix may sort of be coming at a 
lower margin, so any thoughts on that, sir? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
As I said, we do not anticipate any issues to gross margin, and our outlook is it should 
remain stable. I think we have factored all that in. We like to run everything from a long-
term standpoint and not do short-term promotional things overnight. And then all of 
that has been thought through when we have crafted this value for money proposition, 
so do not worry about gross margin. I think the outlook on that remains stable unless 
there is something which hits us which we are not aware of right now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Vishal from YES Securities. Please go ahead.  
Vishal: 
Just 1 small question on one of the new launches that I witnessed in one of the Navi 
Mumbai stores, a bakery product, Croissant, but it is not part of your presentation in 

 
 
Page 18 of 18 
terms of new menu initiatives. Is it a test launch? And when can we expect a scale-up 
of this product? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
So Vishal, thank you for being such a loyal customer because it was a 10-store trial, 
which we had done around it, including airport stores, etcetera, etcetera. So thank you 
for noticing it. Yes, it was a trial. So what we wanted to see is what are the foods which 
go with coffee well. And these are trials which we keep on doing in order to make sure 
that the growth remains consistent. And we plan to launch at some point in time next 
year with the new McCafé food platform, but that's not material. It was a small trial in a 
few cohort of stores to understand what will happen. 
Vishal: 
So this will be a part of McCafé and not the desserts or the other bakery products, right? 
Saurabh Kalra: 
Yes, yes and no. Because like what happens in trial is we try to frame -- a trial goes 
through 3, 4 stages. First is what do consumers want. So for example, what's the kind 
of food which will go with coffee well so that you can get coffee-only occasion in the 
marketplace? Then you craft out the menu which can work in the McDonald's operating 
platform. 
 
When you do a rollout in 5, 10 stores, you will learn. You will replace a few products. 
Whether it will be bakery, whether it will be Croissant getting replaced, I can't comment 
at this point in time because that's a work which team continuously is doing, but we are 
going to have some proposition of food launching out next year when we are fairly 
comfortable with what's the kind of food we want to launch in McCafé. 
Moderator: 
I now hand the conference over to the management for closing comments. 
Akshay Jatia: 
Thank you so much for joining the call today, everyone, and we look forward to speaking 
to you next quarter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Westlife Foodworld Limited, that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
 
Disclaimer: Please note that this transcript has been edited to correct any inadvertent grammatical inaccuracies 
or language inconsistencies that may have occurred while speaking. 
