BRAND CONCEPTS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
CIN – L51909MP2007PLC066484 
                     140/2/2 Ring Road Square Musakhedi, INDORE 452 001 (M.P) INDIA 
                                                                         Phone: 91-731-422300, Fax- 4221222/444  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
         Email: info@brandconcepts.in 
 
Date: 14th February, 2024 
 
 
To,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
      To,  
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
      BSE Limited 
Listing & Compliance Department   
 
      Listing & Compliance Department 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor,   
 
 
      Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block,  
 
 
 
      Dalal Street,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
 
 
 
      Mumbai - 400001 
Bandra East, Mumbai - 400051,  
 
Symbol: BCONCEPTS 
 
                              Scrip Code: 543442 
 
Sub: Transcript of the analyst/institutional investors conference call as held on 12th 
February, 2024 for Q3 & 9M FY ’24   
 
Dear Sir/Mam,   
With reference to the above captioned subject, We Brand Concepts Limited, herewith 
attaching the post result conference call transcript for the investors meet as held on 12th 
February, 2024 for Q3 & 9M FY’24.     
You are therefore requested to take this into your records and oblige. 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Brand Concepts Limited,  
 
 
 
 
 
Swati Gupta 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
A33016 
 
Swati 
Gupta
Digitally signed 
by Swati Gupta 
Date: 2024.02.14 
13:33:06 +05'30'

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 1 of 23 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BRAND CONCEPTS LTD 
 
Q3 & 9M FY24 
 
POST RESULT CONFERENCE CALL 
 
 
Management Team 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar – Whole Time Director & CEO 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Call Coordinator 
 
Strategy & Investor Relations Consulting 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 23 
 
 
Presentation 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I welcome you all to the Q3 FY '24 Post 
Earnings Conference Call of Brand Concepts Limited. Today on the 
call from the management we have with us Mr. Abhinav Kumar, 
Whole Time Director and CEO. 
 
As a disclaimer, I would like to inform all of you that this call may 
contain forward-looking statements, which may involve risk and 
uncertainties. Also, a reminder that this call is being recorded. 
 
I would now request Abhinav to detail us about the performance 
highlights for the quarter that went by, the growth plans and vision for 
the coming year, post which we will open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Over to you, Abhinav. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking out time and joining 
the call. So Q3, we've continued our growth from last year. So quarter-
on-quarter, we've again delivered a 44%, 45% kind of a growth from 
the last year quarter. There has been I've mentioned this even during 
probably my last call and a couple of interactions with a few of you 
here that there is a little bit of a slowdown, which the entire market is 
experiencing in terms of retail. But however, that has not deterred us 
from still embarking on a high growth journey. 
 
From Q1, Q2 to Q3, there's one change which is for sure there, and 
you will even in that updated investor presentation, you would have 
seen that corporate sales, which we had got a couple of orders quite 
high in value in Q1 and Q2. And suddenly, hence, we had seen a big 
jump in the corporate sales. Q3 corporate sales are not something 
which every quarter, you'll see the same kind of a jump or a growth. 
So Q3, obviously, we've gone down on the corporate sales. 
 
But the good part is that all our other divisions, mostly most of the 
other divisions, offline continue to sort of expand and penetrate across 
the country in various regions. And hence over there, we are seeing a 
growth not in like-to-like, but overall business has definitely grown. 
E-commerce, while it continues to be to have a Lion's share in our 
business, but for some strategic calls we've also changed a little bit of 
a strategy in the e-commerce, and we've seen a temporary dip also 
quarter-on-quarter from Q2 to Q3 if I talk about. We've seen a 
temporary dip in e-commerce sales, primarily on the B2B side, but our 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 23 
 
B2C side still continues to grow. We've seen a good growth over 
there. 
 
So, in terms of the new brands, we are running a little late on our 
timelines. I'll be honest enough to admit that that we are running a 
little late in launching of the brands. However, now the stocks are in, 
and as we speak, we've started rolling out, actually, the rollout started 
happening from December onwards. So, which we had expected that 
probably by around November. October, November is when we would 
have majorly started the rollout. But we're running about 30, 45 days 
late in that entire rollout, give or take around two months, 45 days to 
60 days. We're running a little late on that. 
 
But nevertheless, now we have the stocks, and we are now expanding 
our footprint over there. The initial figures are quite encouraging. 
They're quite good. The products are being very, very well accepted in 
the market. We recently in fact, did our back-to-school collection 
launch also, and in Benetton. And that also has received some good 
reviews, good response from the market. So hopefully, going forward, 
we can definitely see a good sell-through in our new brands as well. 
 
Yeah. Again, coming to the bottom line, I think our gross margins 
have improved. So as is again, it's clear in the results as well that our 
gross margins have improved. However, it was a strategic call where 
we embarked on a marketing campaign in this quarter, which was 
around the World Cup. We did our first television commercial 
campaign with Arjun Rampal as our Brand Ambassador. 
 
And, I would say that the campaign has worked really well for us. The 
campaign has done really well for us. Not probably immediately, you 
might not see the culmination into sales, but overall, as a brand 
perception as from a long-term standpoint, from a long-term strategy 
point of view, I think the campaigns have done very well for us. It has 
established us in this category as a serious player, and the market has 
sat up and took notice. And in the subsequent quarters, we'll see the 
impact of this marketing campaign. 
 
Yeah. That's the long and short of it. Otherwise, all good from my 
side. I think we can start taking questions because that's where we take 
most of the time, Vinay, so. 
 
Question-and-Answer Session 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 23 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. Sure. We take the first question from Devvrat. Devvrat, you can 
go ahead, please. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Hi, Abhinav. Good to see, the revenue number sustaining, but I have a 
small concern on the margins taking a hit. Is that particularly because 
of the world cup revenues? I'm sorry. I'm late two minutes ago, so I 
may have missed out on your starting statements if you already 
covered this. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yes, Devvrat. So, yes, if you see, last entire financial year, if you'll see 
our marketing spend was around 1.9%, 2% of our overall turnover. 
Whereas in this nine months, you'll see our marketing spend spending 
up to more than 5%. So yes, 3% plus is the expense only on the 
campaign that we did. But it was a strategic call. We had to do it, 
looking at expanding Bagline stores, looking at expanding into more 
locations. And hence it was important for us that we solidify the 
position of Bagline. So the objective of the campaign was twofold. 
One was, obviously targeted towards B2C, which is the end consumer 
and making Bagline name familiar to the end consumer. 
 
But an equally important task was to make the name familiar in the 
B2B circuit, right? So we aim to grow a lot through the franchising 
route. And hence, it is important that we start doing some brand 
building activity around Bagline, and that's the reason we took this. 
And yes, you're right. Primarily on count of marketing is where the 
margins would have dropped. But I wouldn't say completely that the 
margins would have dropped that, because I've always maintained, 
Devvrat, that in spite of high growth and everything, what I would like 
to maintain is a 5% to 6% kind of a PAT, and that's what we are 
maintaining. 
 
I've never said that, we are targeting a higher EBITDA or a higher 
PAT level, at least for the next couple of years. Whatever money that 
we earn, we're going to be putting it back into the business to 
investing it back into the business either it could be in the form of 
marketing, it could be in the form of infrastructure building. So that 
we are prepared for a long journey. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Okay. And Abhinav, also what's the -- how's the new factory coming 
along? And how's the merger with IFF Overseas? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So merger, I think we are already underway. All the paperwork and 
everything is already underway. And we expect SEBI's approval. 
There was small little queries here and there, which we've replied to 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 23 
 
the exchange, and hopefully, either by the end of this month or say 
beginning of next month in routine whatever time that the exchange 
takes, we should be having that approval. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
So this consolidates into the balance sheet then? I mean, after 
approvals? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. So we are keeping the effective merger date as 1st of April 2024. 
So that we don't have to suddenly reconcile in Q2 or Q3 or whatever. 
But this takes effect, so it takes effect from 1st of April 2024. But till 
the time we don't receive the NCLT approval. So once you get the 
approval from the exchange, from the Board, there thereafter, you file 
the file in NCLT. And NCLT takes about whatever six, seven months, 
eight months. So once we get the approval from the NCLT, that's 
when you'll start seeing the consolidated numbers. But we've kept the 
effective date of merger as 1st of April 2024, so that this entire year, 
we'll see the consolidated figure. 
 
Devvrat Himatsingka: 
Got it. Okay. Great. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Swapnil Kabra. Swapnil, you can go 
ahead. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Hi. Firstly, congratulations on good set of numbers. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
I believe we have silently added products from guest brand. Can you 
share some? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So, it's an experiment, Swapnil. Till now we've maintained that, 
in Bagline, we sell only our own brands or the brands that we have the 
license for. But sometimes last year, we experimented with a related 
category, but an outside brand, by the name your Travel Blue. So 
Travel Blue, I'm sure all of you would have travelled through airports 
and to airports from here and there. And you would have seen Travel 
Blue counters, which sells right from your pillows to eye masks, to 
chargers, to such kind of travel items, and we gave space to Travel 
Blue in our stores just to test the model, it was a non-competing 
product as well. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 23 
 
We tested that. We saw a good result of Travel Blue. And we have 
been lacking in a little bit of our handbag's portfolio. We don't have 
very strong brand till the time. Now we have UCB, and we are 
launching women handbags in UCB. But in terms of women 
handbags, all we had was Sugarush, which was our in-house private 
label. And hence, we thought of experimenting with in the handbags 
category, at least, experimenting with a few outside brands. And guess  
to share that guest has expanded with us in 15 stores of ours. 
 
And Tommy women handbags also, we don't have the license, that 
Aravind directly does. But looking at all of this, from this season 
onwards, Tommy women handbags also would start becoming a part 
of our stores. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Yeah. Thank you for that. And I have another query. As we keep on 
adding new brands, there might be this space constraint, and how are 
we going to solve this problem of space constraint? Because recently, 
I've been to Mumbai, and there were two stores. One was a dedicated 
Tommy Hilfiger store, and the other store was having the other 
remaining brands. For example, UCB and all. So how are we going to 
solve this problem of, when we add new brands, they will be 
competing with each other as well as we'll be having this lack of space 
for new brands? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So in a way, yes, you're right that some current stores, say 
earlier, Swapnil, when we were opening stores, the ideal size for us 
was about a 400, 500 square feet store. But now as we are growing 
and as we are having more brands, we've also started taking bigger 
stores. So now the average size that we look at is a 700, 750 square 
feet store. So this will solve the problem at least for the next one or 
two more brands. 
 
However, you're right that tomorrow, if you want to become a house 
of brands and we want to have eight to 10 different brands. And if 
you're having so many brands, will all of this get resolved at the retail 
level? Probably not. And, hence, over there we'll have to start 
becoming a little more conscious of the brand that we are putting in 
our retail store pertaining to the location of the store. 
 
So for example, if it is a Tier 1, if it is what do you call it a premium 
mall, Tier 1 city. A few brands will not find space over there. The 
value brands or the lower price point items will not find space over 
there. It'll be all the premium brand, the premium price points, the 
higher price points. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 23 
 
 
Whereas if you're having a store in say a Tier 3 city or Tier 4 city, and 
it's a high street location, over there probably the merchandise mix of 
the premium brands or of the high ticket value items will go down. 
The value will take more space. So it'll be a very dedicated focused 
merchandise that we'll have to send to all the stores. And that's the 
way, we feel that we'll be able to resolve this. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Last question from my side. Recently, I saw that we are also targeting 
kids' segment under the brand Tommy. So can you shed some light on 
that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So we did our back-to-school launch. We were initially doing it. 
So we did it for, Benetton, because Benetton sits perfectly well in that 
price segment. However, there is also a growing demand. There is also 
a growing consumer, the rich affluent parents, who want their kids to 
probably carry a Tommy Hilfiger, who don't mind spending ₹2,000, 
₹2,500 on a kid's backpack. So we launched a limited range of 
Tommy, also in the back-to-school division. But the major thrust was 
on Benetton back-to-school. 
 
Swapnil Kabra: 
Thank you. I'll join the queue again. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Swapnil. We'll take the next question from Rizwan Patni. 
Rizwan, you can go ahead. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Hi, Abhinav. Good afternoon. How are you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Hi, Rizwan. Thanks and good afternoon. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Abhinav, first thing on the holding, which is the promoter holding. 
And if you don't mind to ask your personal holding, both has been 
reduced last quarter. So I understand that this was for some purpose of 
the CapEx and all these things. Are we further planning to dilute in 
future? Because as the road goes further and what is our aspiration to 
reach 500 revenue and to reach 800 stores and to add up new brands, 
will the promoter holding or your holding will be further diluted? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
My holding, I have not sold a single share till now. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
It's showing on the screen there, so I don't know then. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No. Mine would have reduced because we raised pref. We did a round 
in Q2, and hence as a percentage probably everybody, once you do a 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 23 
 
pref round, the overall share base increases, right? So, it would be 
showing more from that perspective. Yes, there were some promoters 
selling which had definitely happened. I think Q1 or Q2, whichever 
ways, which was as you rightly said for some requirements. But as of 
now no plans any further of selling. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Okay. Thank you. Another thing is regarding the new facility or the 
new unit which is coming by FY '25, so what basically is the timeline 
to as I know that we have taken the land, and then you have to build 
up and the machineries and all those things so…? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So with everybody's blessings and everything, Rizwan, we've 
already done the Bhoomi Pujan. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Great. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So Bhoomi Pujan is done, the layout plan, everything is almost 
finalised. We floated the tender to various different project guys. 
We've already received quotations from some seven project guys. And 
hopefully by the end of this month, we would be finalising one of 
them. And March is when we expect that we will start the actual 
construction over there. 
 
Once the construction is underway, once we start seeing that, because 
the machine would take about six months, whereas the construction 
would take about 10 to 12 months. So another six months down the 
line. We again have quotations from all the machine vendors. We 
should finalise the machine also in March. I hope to give the initial 
order by the end of Q1 or beginning of Q2 next year. 
 
And so while I've mentioned FY '25 is when we will actually start 
seeing the production and pieces coming out. But we aim that by next 
Q1, we'll start at least with the first batch. We'll start with the -- then 
for us, it'll take about one or two quarters for that entire thing to settle 
down to start giving you the best of the result, because initially there'll 
be iterations, there'll be issues, there'll be teething troubles and all of 
that. So that's the timeline that we're working on, Rizwan. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
One more thing, regarding the supply to the canteen store, which we 
are starting from April as I can recall again. So isn't it, on canteen 
stores when we put those products are on heavy discounts? If you can 
give some understanding on this as well would be helpful. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 23 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Canteen store pricing is obviously better than your retail or your 
trade pricing, because but it is also on the count of subsidies and 
everything that they get. And plus, it's also on the count that it's a 
direct retail. So, they don't keep any margins. So for example, if we 
build them at say for example 50% of the MRP over there the 
consumers or our army personnel, they get it more or less at the same 
price. 9% is something that the canteen keeps for its operational 
purposes. 
 
Unlike, in the traditional market where if you're billing it to a 
distributor, the distributor will keep its own margin, then the retailer 
keeps its own margin. So net-net for us, our wholesale is going to be 
pretty much in the same genre. Yeah, probably 3%, 4%, 5% up and 
down. Not much of an impact. But pricing to the end consumer has a 
lot of advantage because there are no middle men over there. So but 
from our perspective, I think whatever additional that you pass on 
from the perspective that you're supplying to the Indian Army. And 
from that perspective, whatever additional margin that you shell out, 
you shell out that. But otherwise, it's not that it gets discounted or you 
are running heavy promotions or something of that. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
So why it's in April? Why we are not targeting for this quarter, or is 
there a timeline only to start at that time? Are we preparing 
something? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Actually, what happen is that once you get the approval letter 
from them. That's when I informed the Board, then it takes a minimum 
time because now all these canteens also unlike the yesteryears where 
everything was manual, this has also become very, very organised. So 
you need to have your indexes registered in every canteen, they run on 
their own software, right? And just like how you would do it in 
Shoppers Stop, where you create a master, you get your indexes, 
uploaded their masters. So all that process happens across various 
depots and then canteens and all of that. So that entire integration 
takes some time. 
 
And then the orders are generated at every, what do you call it, depot 
level. So typically it takes about two to three months. However, I'm 
happy to share over here that we've got our first order already from the 
canteen, it's a small order, but nevertheless some ₹25 lakhs, ₹30 lakhs 
but nevertheless, we've at least got our first order. So hopefully, and 
this we should be able to supply within this quarter itself. So at least 
we'll start seeing the product reaching over there. And there also it'll 
will be more depots that you reach, the more canteens that you reach, 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 23 
 
and the more popularity that you gained. So I'm hoping that this 
should turn out to be a good channel for us. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Sure. Abhinav, regarding the store opening we opened almost four 
stores or three stores, two in December, one in Jan in Saket, and I 
think we are coming up with one more in Borivali. So how many 
stores we are planning for the next six months, say, if not this quarter 
or at least for next six months? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I would rather answer this in a different way. Last year, we exited with 
about 28 or 29 odd stores, last financial year March 31st. We exited 
with some 20, if I'm not mistaken yet 28 odd stores, 29 stores, 
whatever. And this year, hopefully, we'll exit with say 42 odd stores. 
So we would have probably added 13 to 14 stores within this year net-
net. 
 
And but from next year onwards, we aim to add more number of 
stores. So I would love to see new store addition going up more than 
20 stores, 25 stores, between 20 to 25 stores in the next year. We aim 
that. Now currently, we are at 40 stores, and I aim that in the next 18 
to 24 months, can we take the store count to say around 100 stores? 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Can you please come back, I just missed the line. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Today we are at 40 stores in totality and in the next say 24 odd 
months, the next two years, I would love to cross the 100 mark. We 
would love to have 100 stores across the country. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Good. Just last, I'd request to accept one more question, please. 
Regarding in this the current running year '24, are we getting any new 
brands, fully launched and on sale, or it will go beyond '24 to get in 
new brands, because there are discussion of two, three brands, what 
you have informed us in previous calls also. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Right. As and when we have a brand closure, rest assured the very 
next day, we'd be putting out the announcement of that. But see if you 
look at even Benetton and Aeropostale, I always say this that getting 
or launching a new brand is just like bringing a baby in this world. It 
takes about nine months. And that's what we took even in UCB and 
Aeropostale, because you need to open moulds. For the first time, 
you're designing all the products, you're sampling approvals. All of 
this takes time. So even if we announce any brand in this financial 
year, there'll be no financial implication of those brands in this 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 23 
 
financial year. Whatever brand, whenever we announce, you should 
calculate nine months from there for the launch of the brand. 
 
Rizwan Patni: 
Thank you so much. Always pleasure to speak with you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Rizwan. 
 
Moderator: 
We will take the next question from Anurag Agrawal. Anurag, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Anurag Agrawal: 
Hi, Abhinav. It's a pleasure to talk to you every quarter and thank you 
for your candour, and detailed answer for previous questions as well. I 
have a couple of questions. Can you give some picture towards the 
new deal that we have signed, the renewed deal we have signed with 
Tommy Hilfiger? Is the royalty higher or it's in the same ballpark 
figure like the percentage wise? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah, due to whatever NDAs and non-disclosures, I'm not allowed to 
talk about the commercial terms of the agreement, but as I had 
mentioned earlier also, it's all in a similar genre. And this we have 
signed for three years as I had explained earlier also that, they have a 
cycle with their international partner as well, and we have come right 
middle of that cycle. And hence this as of now is signed till 2026. And 
hopefully after 2026, we expect that we'll fall in line with their 
international cycle. So the agreement tenure would be little longer. 
 
Anurag Agrawal: 
Got it. Apart from that, so when do you think like, when do we see the 
ESOP cost fading away? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think ESOP, would be here to stay because I would want to reward 
my team as well, we would want to have an ESOP policy constantly 
going. And to be honest, if you'll see, I believe ESOP is only a line 
adjustment. It's not a cash outflow out of the company. And in fact, 
once it is exercised, you get the benefit of income tax as well. You get 
a deduction and all of that. 
 
So, I don't see any rhyme or reason why you should not have an ESOP 
policy and why you should not keep rewarding your people. Because 
at the end of the day, it's your people who are making the business 
happen, right? So if they're happy, if they're well taken care of, they're 
bound to give you a very, very good result. So it's more a cultural 
listing Anurag rather than any other aspect over here. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 23 
 
Anurag Agrawal: 
Got it. Last one. Could you throw some light towards like Q4, as you 
mentioned like in Q3, we started rolling out the products for the new 
brands that we signed earlier. So do we see Q4 performing better as 
compared to Q3? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I wouldn't say performing better than Q3 or not, I'll not be in a 
position to say that because March has its own nuances. Most of the 
companies, they don't take billing towards the latter half of March 
because everybody is going through their audits and all of that. They 
don't want year-end new stocks to come in. And hence March is 
always tepid, but Jan-Feb is going decent till now. 
 
However, as I mentioned earlier also, there is a little bit of a 
slowdown, which whoever I interact with. And if you see in fact, most 
of the retailers also and the results, whether it is Shoppers Stop or 
whether it is Lifestyle. You'll see an impact of retail. I wouldn't even 
say, slowing down, but I think there is a correction which is coming. 
There was a lot of pent up demand, which was happening. And now I 
think it is more or less stabilising. So it's not that it's bad, but yes, the 
kind of growths, the kind of this thing that we were seeing, that's a 
little subdued today. 
 
Anurag Agrawal: 
Got it. Thank you so much. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Anurag. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Yashowardhan. Yashowardhan, you 
can go ahead. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Yeah, hi. Congratulations on good sets of number. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Yasho. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
I do have some questions. So the first question is that in terms of 
cost, what is the cost associated with signing a new brand? And is it a 
one-time expense, or is it recurring? And secondly, when the company 
onboards a new brand, does it require a new design team for the 
product development, or the existing team is good enough to like 
design and all to everything else? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Okay. To answer your first question, whenever we sign a new brand, 
depending on the size of the brand, the selling of brand, there is no 
upfront money or whatever upfront money that is involved. That's not 
of a significant value because you're opening moulds and you're doing 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 23 
 
all of that. So that investment would not be that high. It'll be anywhere 
between under a crore, right, ₹50 lakhs to ₹1 crore is what you would 
spend. 
 
There is no one-time fees or anything that we generally sign. It's all a 
part of the royalty that we signed. The money basically, primarily gets 
involved in the working capital. So in stocks and debtors, that's where 
the investment comes. And that investment will always depend on the 
size of the brand or the business that we're targeting from that brand. 
So if it is a small brand, you will have less inventory. You will have 
less debtors, but if you have a big brand, a heavyweight brand, if you 
sign, the investments can go anywhere between ₹10 crores to ₹15 
crores. And this investment is, as I said, it's a working capital 
investment. So this will take care of itself till a certain point of time. 
As in ₹10 crore, ₹15 crore investment you can look at, say initially 
you could look at a ₹30 crore, ₹40 crore kind of a business. 
 
Over the years, then this starts stabilising. And you are able to do ₹3 
crore rotation. So if now if you've grown that business to ₹100 crores, 
you'll still be investing about ₹30 crores, ₹35 odd crores into it. But 
that's again towards working capital. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
And what about the design team? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. The design team. So, no we don't add a completely new set of 
design team. We already have good people at the senior level. And 
hence, I want to retain all these people, and hence, we promote the 
ease of policy and all of that. But so at the top level, you don't 
necessarily require anyone today. But yes, you keep on adding at the 
lower levels. The team keeps increasing, of course. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Okay, sir. That's helpful. My another question is that post World 
Cup advertisement that we have done, and what is the response from 
that? Not in terms of sales, but the franchisee enquiry that we would 
be seeing right now? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Very good. In fact, the Borivali store that you see is basically, it's a 
franchisee store, which we are opening. I was again on a market visit 
very recently, and we're planning to open a few more stores. So we are 
getting franchisee enquiries. So I think the impact has been very, very 
good. The soft impact of that campaign, post that campaign, we also 
did -- we did invest another decent amount in a Trade Show that we 
did in December in Indore, where we call the entire industry, right 
from large format stores to our dealers, distributors, to our franchisees, 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 23 
 
to e-commerce, and you name a player and everybody was there. And 
we launched our new season collection over there. 
 
In fact, we were the first ones to host a fashion show of bags and of 
luggage. And once you do all of this, it solidifies your position. So 
whereas, most of the large format stores are so constrained for space. 
But now touch wood, we are getting space even for our new brands. 
We're getting space in their stores, and hopefully very soon, we should 
be able to roll out. So Benetton, for example, in a few large format 
stores. So all of this, yes, has a lot of impact and it has been taken up, 
by the industry in a very, very positive way. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
That's really nice. My another question is that, if we look at the 
other expenses, they were around ₹40 odd crores in last year. And if 
you look at the current run rate, it will be somewhere around ₹65 
crores, ₹70 crores in this. So how should we look at the other expenses 
increasing, because as you mentioned that the ESOPs will keep going. 
And we might invest further in the advertisement and all. So if you 
can share some insights on that, that would be helpful? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So actually other expenses again takes into account all the expenses. 
So right from marketing to, even the selling distribution logistics. So 
for example, logistics is a direct percentage, right? So the more you 
ship, the more you pay, correct. So if your sales is jumping by 50%, 
right, obviously, your logistic cost is also going to jump by 50%, 
right? So all that is comes under other expenses. So it's a very broad 
listing. 
 
But as I said, our overall cost structures are pretty much under control. 
It's just that we've consciously put in extra money in terms of 
marketing, and that also has been put in from the same pool from 
where we are on, right? So whatever we've earned extra, we sort of 
probably put it over there. You could see it probably in that light. 
Most of the other expenses for us, remain well within our budgets. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
So like, in the other expenses, we can assume that they will be in 
line, right, with increase in sales and not much of a lever in increase in 
that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. It'll be always, in line with in lieu with the sales and not go 
haywire from that perspective. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
And can you also please share the quantum of ESOP expenses this 
year as compared to the last year? 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 23 
 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
I think, you should add about 0.8%. So if you, if my actual PAT is at 
4.7%, you add 0.8% to it. So it's around 55% odd max for every 
quarter. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Okay. And can you answer just one last question. Post our capacity 
addition, what will be our dependence of the third-party for the bags 
that we are sourcing? And if you could also share the product sales 
mix? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. Actually, right now, that facility is still at least four quarters 
away, right. And there also, we are sort of going a little. I'm first 
putting in one extruder. It should give me a capacity of around 25,000 
odd pieces a month. Yeah. And though the space that we have 
acquired and the area that we have acquired, we can definitely expand 
to from this 25,000, you can go up to a ₹2.5 lakh, and still you will not 
require any other land to be purchased. 
 
So but I first like to, as I said, we first would want to set up one 
extruder. Three units, as in three lines. Take out this 25,000, ran it for 
three to four months, five months. Once we feel that, yes, everything 
is perfect. We've seen all the treating troubles, we have the exquisite 
experience. Everything is going seamlessly well. Then depending on 
your size and market potential at that point of time, you can add 
another 10 lines at one go. How does it matter? 
 
So but in the first phase, if I talk about 25,000? By then, I expect that 
our luggage requirement internally would be much higher than that. 
So, I expect that from this unit, we will have it will, it might justify at 
best 50%, 60% of our requirement in the initial phase. Eventually, yes. 
We would love to see that at least 70%, 80% of your entire 
requirement is being met through your own unit. And 10%, 20% for a 
particular kind of a product or a different kind of a product or 
something that you are not able to produce, you need to go out that 
kind of a scenario. But to be honest, this kind of a scenario will take at 
least two to three years at least. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
So, see product sales mix for this quarter and nine months? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. So product sales mix, if you talk about our Travel Gear division 
has really started to do very well. And overall, if you will see our 
luggage contribution for this quarter is almost 42% kind of a 
contribution will be coming from luggage, and backpack is 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 23 
 
contributing another 11%. So put together, if you'll see, 53% odd is 
now coming from Travel Gear division. 
 
Then we have others also, which is another 5.5%, 6%, which again 
has a lot of gym bags and all of this. So you would actually combine 
that also over here itself. So roughly almost 60% now is coming from 
Travel Gear. Belts and wallets which used to contribute, quite 
significant earlier has seen a little bit of a slowdown as well, to be 
honest. Because as I said, retail, there is a little bit of a slowdown, and 
that slowdown is more pronounced. Travel Gear at least touch wood is 
beating that curve of slowdown. But belts and wallets, because it is 
also available through all retail channels is seeing a higher impact. So 
that now has come down to almost 33% odd of our overall portfolio. 
And 8% is about handbags and women's category. 
 
Yashowardhan Agarwal: 
Okay. Thank you so much, and all the very best for the future. 
Thank you. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the next question from Jinesh Joshi. Jinesh, you can go 
ahead, please. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Yeah. Thanks for the opportunity. Basically, I have a question on our 
strategy with respect to entry into CSD segment. Now if I understand 
right, it is plagued with the problems of working capital. And a lot of 
pilferage also happens there. And if I talk about bigger players like, 
VIP and Safari, their share in CSD has been falling for quite some 
time. So what is the thought behind entering this channel? And will 
our products be available on a Pan India basis in all CSD stores, or 
will it be more region specific, so to say? 
 
And just a related follow-up is that, say within the next two to three 
years, what can be the share of CSD in our overall channel mix? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See, both the questions are hand-in-hand, Jinesh. So to answer 
whether the channel has a lot of pilferage and all of that, I think the 
channel also has taken notice of it or probably would have. Because 
today, what I hear is that it, CSD canteens have become much more 
organised than what they used to be. Now nobody without a canteen 
card can even enter the premises, right? 
 
So earlier, what used to happen was that relatives and relatives' friends 
and anybody, was able to sort of go in. But today, you're not allowed 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 23 
 
to enter the premises, if you don't have a canteen card, right. So it is 
getting much more organised, and I think see becoming organised is 
the only way for all retail, whether it is distribution, whether it is 
franchisees or whether it is mom and pop stores or be it canteen stores. 
Today or tomorrow, they will also become very, very organised, 
because technology is something that is touching every retail aspect 
today. 
 
Even the Kirana stores are getting much more organised, right. So this 
is we're talking about canteen stores department, right? It's one of the 
largest organised retail chains in the country today. So to answer, what 
is the strategy behind entering this? It is a big market. We want to 
serve this consumer. 
 
And more importantly, it's a very prestigious location to be in 
considering that our defence forces, why should they not have the 
opportunity to have the best of fashion, the best of products being 
available at their location. So and on top of it, yes, of course, it is a 
brilliant market. It's a huge -- they're saying it is one of the largest 
retail chains in the country, so it's a no brainer that you would want to 
enter that kind of a chain. 
 
Having said that, I will not be able to comment why VIP or Safari, or 
any other player has been losing their market share over there. We are 
very, very excited in entering the canteen stores department. However, 
having said that, again, answering your second phase, which is where 
all will we be available? Now if you see the number of it runs into 
1000s of stores, right? We can't, virtually, we don't have the capacity 
or the wherewithal right now to be present across every single listing. 
 
So initially, yes, we are going depot wise. We're going region wise. 
We're going depot wise. We're going to their top 50 depots. We're 
going store-by-store. And it's, again, we are sort of creating shop-in-
shops. We're creating a different display over there for them. It's a 
plug and play display model. 
 
So we'll be shipping all the display material from here. It goes, gets 
tagged over there, so that the brand is represented in the right way, in 
the right fashion. So yes, doing all of this, I would say that it depends 
how fast we are able to expand, and whether we would want to expand 
that fast where we are not able to control everything. So I would say 
that, while a new channel gets added, but we'll go hand in glove. I 
don't want suddenly -- I don't foresee suddenly that 30% of the 
business has started coming from canteen stores department. No. It 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 23 
 
will not happen, like that. So we see that, yes, probably, we'll start 
taking a 5% share, then a 10% share of our business. And that's we -- 
that's how we keep on growing. 
 
Now, we're not chasing any number, number over there. What we 
chasing is that is the brand represented right or not? Can we be present 
in the right canteens, with the right product assortment mix? And then, 
see how it goes. What's the data point that comes? Which product is 
selling more? Which is selling less? What's happening? We will take it 
like that. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. My second question is, pertaining to your opening 
commentary, whereby you mentioned that revenue was a bit low due 
to lower corporate sales. So the question is, how are the negotiations 
ongoing with respect to institutional business? And also you 
mentioned that, there was a temporary dip in e-com especially on the 
B2B side, so if you can explain what was the problem area and how 
do we plan to sort that out? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Very good question. See from a corporate sales perspective, as I said, 
it also depends from season-to-season, and there'll be ups and downs 
in that in this thing. But while we're putting up a full-fledged team, 
we're focusing on the corporate sales business. So from a long-term 
perspective, I see that we will start having a significant portfolio in 
terms of corporate savings as well, because I see that it's a huge 
market, right. And so we're just trying to but at the same time, we 
couldn't compromise on generally corporate sales has played with very 
low margin local products. 
 
So we don't want to play that game, right? We want to sell a premium 
brand. We want to sell fashion brands, with a decent margin intake. 
And that's how we would want to expand. But I'm very, very hopeful 
that we should be able to expand this business as well. So while 
corporate services on one side, the e-com question that you asked was 
a very relevant question, I think. It's a question many a times we 
internally ask that, how big would you want this animal to become and 
what's your long-term strategy versus your short-term goals? 
 
So, every now and then, some of the other players go on a little bit of 
a deep discounting, which starts affecting the brands, right? Now we 
try and control that as much as possible. We've kept our, what do you 
call it, the merchandise is also very, very separate, very different. But 
over the past few quarters, what we've seen is that our offline business 
has been showing a very, very robust growth, and hence we don't want 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 23 
 
any situation whereby if there is an oversupply in the e-commerce 
space in the B2B space. 
 
So we divide our entire e-commerce business into two parts. One is a 
B2B where we bill directly to the e-commerce channel partner. So if it 
is Amazon or it is Myntra or it is Flipkart, we bill to Myntra, we bill to 
Flipkart and then Flipkart or Myntra bill to the end consumer. That's 
the B2B part for us. Whereas the B2C is where we are running our 
own marketplace across all these platforms, and we are billing directly 
to the end consumer. Now while we are very, very focused on 
increasing the B2C business, we're not taking very heavy targets on 
the B2B. 
 
We don't want to oversupply on the B2B side so that we are, the 
situation should never come where it starts affecting your offline also. 
So, hence we've budgeted also a nominal figure or a nominal listing on 
the e-commerce side, on the B2B side at least. And the major trust is 
more on the B2C side. So more on the consumer side of this thing. So 
our B2C business, I'm very, very happy to share that it has been 
growing. Month-on-month, we have been growing over there and it 
gives us more control. It gives us lower timelines for a product to go 
live, because it is going live through our own warehouse. It gives us a 
better optimisation of our inventory. We are able to, we've been able 
to start selling higher price points also to the end customers. So that's a 
better strategy to take in the long-term. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. One last question from my side on the marketing spends. I 
think you mentioned that in the last year, we were at about 2%, but in 
this nine months, we are at about 5%. And given your commentary 
that there has been some slowdown, which you are witnessing. How 
should we see the spends going ahead? Because it is a chicken and egg 
situation. If you don't spend, then perhaps your growth might suffer a 
bit. And if you spend higher, then margins may take a hit. So what is 
your strategy? Will it be closer to that 4%, 5% number or will it be 
lower than that? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
No, it'll be lower than 5%, of course. And I don't attribute, at least for 
us now, I don't attribute our growth one and only to high decibel 
marketing campaign, right? We are quite well penetrated. Our dealer 
network, our distribution network, our store network is getting 
stronger by the day. So I don't foresee that it's only a blitzkrieg 
marketing activity that will get you the sales. No. We are not a B2C 
brand, where the blitzkrieg marketing activity will get you through. As 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 23 
 
I said, we wanted to -- this is the first brand building activity that 
we've done for Bagline. 
 
Now Bagline has been in existence for more than almost 10 years 
now. But this is the first brand building activity that we did for 
Bagline. And I have always believed more in experiential marketing. I 
believe more in below the line marketing activities where you're able 
to touch base with the consumer much more. Our digital marketing 
activities have taken the centre stage now. 
 
So we're very, very prudent in our digital marketing activities. So we 
continue to do all of this, but I don't think this has got too much to do 
with the growth, non-growth. We'll as it is, always continue to do the 
hygiene activities which are required, right? But yeah, at least right 
now, I don't see the need for a new TVC or a further uptick on the 
brand building activity. So we'll maintain about the 3%, 4%, kind of 
this thing going forward. 
 
Jinesh Joshi: 
Got that. Thank you. I'm done. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. We'll take the next question from Shrinjana. Shrinjana, please 
go ahead. 
 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Abhinav, as you mentioned in your 
opening remarks that there's some slowdown on the retail side. Just 
wanted to understand which segment of the market is experiencing the 
slowdown. That is the Premium segment or the Mass Premium 
segment? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
See we are there in the Premium and the Mass Premium segment. And 
I would say that both the places, we are able to we are witnessing that. 
What I hear from the market is that the luxury is still sort of 
undeterred. But all the other segments, there is most of the malls today 
have saying that there is a lower amount of footfall into the malls. So 
the footfalls have gone down. So I was coming more from that angle. 
 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Understood. And just one more question. If you can share, what is 
your share percentage share of the Tommy sales? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Your voice was not very clear, Shrinjana. 
 
Moderator: 
He's asking for this Tommy sales. 
 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 23 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Tommy sales was roughly close to about 80% this quarter. 10% is 
something that UCB has now taken. 
 
Shrinjana Mittal: 
Understood. Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. 
 
Moderator: 
Yeah. We'll take the next question from Shrikant Bandaru. Shrikant, 
you can go ahead. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Yeah. Congratulations, Abhinav on a great performance yet again. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Shrikant. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
So my observation, one is that growth rates do fluctuate, because it's 
impacted by macro. Margins also fluctuate because there are so many 
variables going in. But market share is something which ideally 
should be creeping up. So do you get to track market share for the 
listed companies? Of course, you know the revenues, but there would 
be a lot of unlisted players as well. Is there industry data available 
with you? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
We have ordered for industry data, and I think the updated research, 
we should be having it by June. So June is when they complete their 
studies. So I think July or August, we should be having that entire 
data. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
So as a business leader, you would be tracking market share numbers 
for each of your products and categories closely? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Going forward, yes. Till now to be honest, we were pretty small. But 
yes, as we grow in size, all these things will start definitely matching 
mode. So hence going forward yes, we will. But not right now, I 
would say from say Q2 or Q3 of the next financial year. 
 
Shrikant Bandaru: 
Okay. That's all from my side. Thanks again. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Shrikant. 
 
Moderator: 
We'll take the last question for the day from Kamlesh Jain. Kamlesh, 
you can go ahead, please. 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Hi, Abhinav. Thanks for the opportunity. And congrats on good set of 
numbers. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thank you. 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 22 of 23 
 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
So just one question on the like you say ad spend on the digital. Like 
say digital spend because if you see like say, if I curate the YouTube 
data or any other like say social media, your plans are in terms of ad is 
very limited. So what we are doing on that particular front? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
So while we are -- see digital, it's like when you're preparing sugar 
syrup. The more you add clarified butter and sugar, the sweeter the 
syrup. So today everybody is on the bandwagon of digital, Kamlesh. 
And you also fighting with the links of Amazon and Myntra's and 
Insta's and all of this. So we don't aim that we're taking the heavy 
share of their entire voice. 
 
We're reaching our consumer base. We're reaching this thing. During 
the campaign for example on our own website, we reached a very, 
very good this thing. We prepared entire campaign, this thing, and we 
reached almost 20 million consumers and all of that. So, we also have 
all of this data through which we track that are we reaching to the right 
target audience or not. 
 
We use the method of cloning. So, SCC, AA+, then upwardly mobile 
should be having this or an iPhone or S series, Samsung. So digital 
also gives you the advantage of targeting that right audience, right. So 
in the traditional mediums like for example, newspaper or something, 
if you take up a normal Hindi daily or English daily, and you release 
an ad, that you will have a lot of pilfered of that ad because few people 
who are not relevant to your target audience also get to see the ad 
because that's the entire subscription that you get ring to. 
 
Whereas digital helps you pinpoint. So we choose our cities where we 
are probably retail heavy. So we will choose our cities. We'll choose 
the kind of consumer that we want to be. So it's not that we want to 
just on a platform level, we want to garner a share of voice. No, not 
right now. We're going very, very target specific, where we hit the 
right sort of audience in the right city, in the right age bracket. 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
But surprisingly, like your ads or your visibility is more on LinkedIn 
rather than all other media platforms. So I believe that's not a creative 
demo. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Yeah. And if you're on Instagram, Kamlesh, for example, our Bagline 
handle on Instagram, you should follow that handle and you'll see the 
kind of activities that we keep on doing over there. We have micro 
bloggers. We do micro influencer activities. Select city work. Again, 

Brand Concepts Limited (BRANDCONCEPTS) 
Q3 FY 2024 Earnings Conference Call 
February 12, 2024 
 
Page 23 of 23 
 
we did micro influencer activities during select city work launch. Then 
we'd also do, we tie up with a lot of local RJs, Radio Jockeys across 
various different cities, and these Radio Jockeys visit our store, and 
then create a reel and put it up on their handles, retagging us. So, I 
think you're looking in the wrong place. 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Okay. Lastly, any guidance on the store openings like say how much 
stores we are looking at in next six to nine months or a year? 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
In the next one year, yes. Anywhere between 20, 25 stores is what we 
are targeting that we should be able to open 20, 25 stores in the next 
one year. 
 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Great. Thanks for the replies and wish you a best of luck. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks, Kamlesh. 
 
Moderator: 
Thanks, Kamlesh. That brings us to the end of this conference call. 
Thank you to all the participants for joining in on this call, and thank 
you to the management for giving us their valuable time. 
 
Abhinav Kumar: 
Thanks everyone. Thanks, Vinay. 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
