AZA D
^N
February 14,2024
To,
The Listing Department
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Affairs
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, Dalal Street
Mumb_ai, M,aharashtra - 400 001
Dear Sir/Ma'am,
Subject : Transcript ofAnalyst /Investor Earnings Conference call.
Reference : ISIN - INE02lJ01035; Scrip ld.-544O6L; Scrip Code-AZAD
Pursuant to Regulation 30[2] of SEBI flisting Obligations and Disclosure Requirements]
Regulations, 2015, and in continuation to our intimation dated February 03,2024 we hereby
inform you that the Company has hosted Earnings Conference call for analysts and investors on
Wednesday, February 07,2024, at 12:00 P.M. IST which was concluded on Wednesday, February
07,2024, at01:02 P.M. IST to discuss on the financials results ofthe Company for the third quarter
and nine months ended December 31.,2023.
We are enclosing herewith the Transcript of Analyst/lnvestor Earnings Conference call.
Please take the information on record.
Thanking you,
Yours truly,
For Azad Engineering Limited
Ful Kumar Gautam
(Company Secretary & Compliance )fficer)
Membership No.: A49550
. To,
, The Listing Department
: National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
; ExchangePlaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block
; Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra IEJ
i Mumbai, Maharashtra - 400 051
AZAD ENGINEERING LIMITED
Registered Office Address: 90/C,90/D, Phase-l, I.D.A.
feedimetla, Hyderabad, Telangana-S00 05S, India.
CIN NO: U742LOTG1983PLC0O4132 I Tel: 040-23O97OO7
GSTIN:36AAECA9 452]Htzl 
I fmait, cs@azad.in
Cs-2401- 20 
| W"brir", www.azad.in
Ful Kumar 
Gautam
Digitally signed by Ful 
Kumar Gautam 
Date: 2024.02.14 
17:37:32 +05'30'

Page 1 of 21 
 
 
 
 
“Azad Engineering Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
 
 
Disclaimer: E&OE. This transcript is edited for factual errors. In case of discrepancy, the 
audio recordings uploaded on the stock exchange on February 07 2024, will prevail. 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. RAKESH CHOPDAR -- CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- AZAD ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. VISHNU MALPANI -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR -- AZAD 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
MR. RONAK JAJOO -- CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER -- AZAD 
ENGINEERING LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. AMIT DIXIT – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 21 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Azad Engineering Limited Q3-FY24 
Earnings Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities Limited. This conference call may 
contain forward-looking statements about the company, which are based on the beliefs, 
opinions and expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not 
the guarantees of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then zero 
on your touch-tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
And I'll hand the conference over to Mr. Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Thank you and 
over to you, sir. 
Amit Dixit: 
Thanks, Neerav. Good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I welcome all the 
participants for Azad Engineering's Q3 FY24 Results Conference Call. At the outset, I would 
like to thank the management for giving us an opportunity to host their maiden call. 
From the management side, we have with us today Mr. Rakesh Chopdar, Chairman and 
CEO, Mr. Vishnu Malpani, Whole Time Director, and Mr. Ronak Jajoo, Chief Financial 
Officer. We will have brief opening remarks from the management, post which we will 
open the floor for an interactive Q&A. 
Without much ado, I would hand over the call to Mr. Chopdar to take this forward. Thanks 
and over to you, sir. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Thank you, Amit. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Good morning. This is Rakesh Chopdar, 
Chairman and CEO at Azad. I would like to welcome everybody and thanks for joining today 
on our debut earning call after our listing. 
On this call, I have with me our  wholetime director, Mr. Vishnu Malpani, and our CFO, 
Ronak Jajoo, and the SGA team our Investor Relations Advisors. The results and 
presentations are uploaded to the stock exchange and the company website. I hope 
everybody has had a chance to look at it. 
We are pleased with the positive response to our initial public offering, which we wish to 
offer our heartfelt gratitude to all the shareholders and everyone who was part of our IPO 
journey. The IPO has strengthened our balance sheet and will help us to achieve the 
increased profitability through lowering interest expenses, with simultaneously blustering 
the planned capacity expansion. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 21 
 
We have achieved our highest ever quarterly performance in terms of both revenue and 
profit during this historic quarter, both Q3 FY24 and 9-month FY24 revenues increased by 
49% year-on-year. Our quarterly performance aligns with the consistent financial growth 
we have achieved over the years. 
Before we delve further into the quarterly performance, I would like to give you some 
background on our company as this is our first earnings call. In the year 2008, where e 
started, our Azad was established and -- we were just with one machine and I was the self-
operator on that, so basically it's a very scratch story. Now, 16 years, we have more than 
300 machines and a thousand-plus very strong teams. 
Since the inception, since the beginning, we started with very high complex components 
with high pressure requirements and very happy to say that in our product line, we are the 
only company who could break all the barriers in developing this product. It's a very, very 
niche product, life-critical and project-critical product, which is mainly the benchmark of 
our airfoil, which are 3D components and these are not 2D components. 
So most of it is what we have seen in this manufacturing and engineering, where we call it 
as precision forged machine. Having a CNC machine, having a forging unit, we just say that 
we manufacture precision components. But this product or this product line, which we are 
in, doesn't fall in that category. 
So I have a very, you know, I'm a bit not concerned, but I would like to really reiterate on 
the parts. It's very important for everyone to understand what Azad actually does. It is just 
not a precision product. It is a life-critical product. These are the rotating parts. These are 
the rotating parts, which we commonly see in aircraft engines, which when we get in the 
plane, we can see two turbines, which are known as turbine engines. And these engines 
have these airfoils, which is the heart and soul of an aircraft and which powers the land-
based turbines or an aircraft engine, and they work in very extreme conditions. 
So having said, just having a technology of a CNC machine can be produced, this part can 
be produced? No. In order, the customers, what we have it, they're very niche, right? And 
having said that, these products being very critical, so is the acceptance -- so the 
acceptance, the approvals, the qualifications, this is what, when it's in place, this is where 
we start getting orders, and orders get revenues. 
All these 15, 16 years, the hard work what Azad has done, the whole team has done, is to 
get the qualifications, get the approvals, which is not easy. It's not just that someone has 
INR500 crores or INR1,000 crores money, go buy the technology, produce this part. No, it 
doesn't work like that. 
So for me, it's very important to make people understand this is not so easy to break these 
barriers and compete the world -- competing the world, which is in China, Japan, Europe, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 21 
 
America. So these are the countries where Azad is competing. I would say India is 
competing. So having said having this position, we feel very proud. And the recent addition 
of the Rolls-Royce contract, what we have received, these are the most critical components 
which are utilized in the engines of a fighter jet or our military jet. So just imagine having 
approvals for these kind of parts, such complex parts, companies like Rolls-Royce placing 
an order Azad, that's the trust Azad has gained, that's the trust India has gained. 
So we feel very proud and I wish everyone listening to this do visit Azad facility, witness 
what we are trying to say. I'm sure it's not easy to understand what exactly I mean by 
making this statement of the product line which Azad is in today. So our products are very 
niche, as I mentioned, very life-critical, and all being tackled is like exotic alloys. 
 
It's not the normal stainless steel or it's not the normal material where we see in the entire 
industries. So these engines are in the land based aviation, and space. For the land based, 
we call it as energy. 
 
For aviation, we call that in A&D and in space. And this is widely used in many sectors and 
very, very regulated, very, very, you know, it's a very highly regulated industry where not 
everyone can break the barriers by just putting a CNC machine or just having tons of money 
in the pocket. Anyway, we commence our operations in the energy sector and today we 
have, you know, come up a long way from in the clean energy segment, serving the nuclear, 
hydrogen, gas turbines, and also spread ourselves in the aviation. 
 
So aviation, we just came in, right? We took the long experience in the energy segment, 
which has put us in a very great sweet spot that now we can handle the aviation industry. 
Again, these are not some simple parts. Again, this is not an armrest of a seat that an 
aviation industry requires. These are rotating parts of an engine. So there is a lot of 
difference that everyone has to understand and what it takes. 
 
A buyer that puts in parts manufactured in Azad, manufactured in India, which goes 
straight in the engine, 35,000 feet above in the air. And just imagine if something goes 
wrong, that's what nothing goes wrong. It can be catastrophic. 
 
So the whole idea is to make people understand, give an education, give a widespread thing 
that, yes, now these are the parts never seen in India before we got in here. That's why 
people are struggling to understand what exactly Azad does. So gentlemen, ladies and 
gentlemen, for me, it's very important for everyone to make you realize that please 
understand what Azad is doing. 
 
And it is just a start. These qualifications are just finished. And now is the time that we are 
going to see a very good positioning of Azad. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 21 
 
 
Our extensive experience in manufacturing cables enables us to obtain the qualifications 
of new customers significantly lower lead time. So it's not just that a price comes in first. 
Are you cheaper? 
 
You have a CNC shop. Are you cheaper? No. In our product, can you manufacture? Are you 
capable? Are you able? Can you consistently produce this part? And then the price is asked, 
Okay, at what cost? So that's the level of the barriers which we have to cross, where the 
price comes last, not the first. 
 
Right. So this is what I just wanted to give a very brief background of the company. And 
now, as compared in the segments where we have coming in, you know, we have already 
had a various set of qualifications still going on and a multiple marquee customers and you 
name our marquee customers, we are there with them. 
 
During this quarter, as compared to the same period last year, as a result, the contribution 
of this segment in the quarter has gone up by 17% in comparison and 10% in, you know, 
the Q2 FY24 as well as the Q3 FY23. In fact, we have recently signed, as I mentioned, you 
know, on the seven years contract with the Rolls Royce, which is we are very proud that 
these parts have come to India. In the coming years, we expect aerospace business to 
contribute to our revenues on par with energy segments with oil and gas coming in second. 
 
Again, we started with niche. We are maintaining our legacy. We would like to be in niche, 
where we draw our expertise. The numbers, what do you see? The perception. And 
moreover, the optics, the profits, the EBITDAs. Please understand and my colleague Vishnu 
will take you over that. Please, please pay attention. Why this PAT is less? Why this EBITDA 
is less? And it's just optical. I wish that we could clarify this, that every aspect has to be 
understood very well.  
 
So, that's from my side, gentlemen. I pass on, hand over to Vishnu. 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Chopdar, for giving a good sense of the business to our audience. 
I hope, you know, we've been able to clarify and communicate some of the questions that 
you might have. 
 
While Mr. Chopdar has given us a good top-level summary of where we are headed and 
where we are, let me give you some texture and flavor to our end markets and what our 
plans ahead are because I'm guessing a lot of you must have questions on what are our end 
markets and plans. So, let me give you a quick sense of that. So, it's important to note that 
our end markets are highly regulated. 
 
You know, this is a question that we keep getting from a lot of analysts that, you know, we 
have a very high concentration risk. But I would like to take this opportunity to come out 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 21 
 
here and say that, you know, this industry is highly regulated and highly concentrated, 
right? The industry does not have a lot of large players. 
 
If you look at energy, GE, Mitsubishi and Siemens, between the three players, 70% of the 
industry is covered. If you look at aerospace, you know, Boeing and Airbus together take 
about 91% of this industry. So, for us to find a new customer here is a challenge. 
 
Our diversification strategy is to do with the product line that we make. Our diversification 
or our uniqueness is the positioning that we've achieved because of the product line that 
we are manufacturing. And that's why we are unique. 
 
Today, our esteemed clients cover about 70% of the end-user markets which we are 
present. So, you know, you look at whatever segment that you want, whether it is energy, 
aerospace, defense or oil and gas, we are working with the sector leaders there. Today, we 
address about $28 billion plus market between airfoils, engine components, hydraulic 
parts, flight control parts, you know, and air generation systems. 
 
All of these, for these three or four sectors, clean energy, aerospace, defense, oil and gas, 
and FPS. Our core end markets are extremely robust and expanding. You would have seen 
that the aerospace and defense industry is growing at about 9% CAGR. 
Similarly, the oil and gas industry is also growing at about 7%. So, we have a very, very 
robust and expanding end-user market. Today, when you compare our business and you 
look at our wallet share, you would see that we have less than 1% wallet share. 
Now, I would like to see this as an opportunity of us scaling up to the highest levels because 
for us to get to this 1%, it has taken 15 years of hard work, 15 years of commitment in the 
business while we were constantly reinvesting to get to this point of inflection. Now, I look 
at this 1%, less than 1% wallet share as a great opportunity for us to move forward. So, 
from here, even if we are able to get to from 1% to 2%, 2% to 4%, we are looking at 
multiplying effect on our top line and I am sure you all understand that. 
So, that gives us a sense that we have an enormous headroom when it comes to growing 
further in our respective segments with our respective customers, especially with our 
product line. oing back to how do you onboard a customer? I would like to bring your 
attention to the fact that it takes about 30-48 months to onboard a new customer and then 
you have to qualify part by part for you to get to a production stage where you start 
generating revenue. 
For these 15 years, we have done this rigorously and gained qualification for 1400 plus 
components across engines, across sectors, across customers with global OEMs in energy, 
aerospace and defense industries. These are approvals which are very, very hard to attain 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 21 
 
and there are only a handful players around the world that have been able to achieve it. 
You see, our competition is not in India for our product line. 
These barriers are only broken by global players and we are competing with those global 
players only. We compete with Japan, we compete with China, we compete with Europe, 
we compete with US-based suppliers and these are the only players around the world that 
have broken barriers and nobody from India has been able to do it. 
With customer qualifications that we have for each and every stage, it is important and 
proven that globally, that as an organization, Azad has put ourselves positioned really well 
in the supply chain of these OEMs plus as a country, we have been able to put ourselves 
out there saying we can today manufacture extremely complex rotating parts for engines 
and for defense platforms or for commercial. And we are very proud to sort of do this. 
I would like to echo Mr. Chopdar's thoughts and the fact that this is a big milestone not just 
for Azad but for our country and I am sure you should all be a part of it because this is a 
big milestone in our journey, in our building, in India building the aerospace, defense and 
precision engineering ecosystem for us. Azad has really forged robust customer 
relationships with our clientele. If you look at our top clients, we have an average 
relationship of over 10 years with them. We don't just work with our customer on one 
segment. 
We were talking about concentration risk sometime back. So let's take an example of GE. 
We don't just work with GE on one segment or one product line. We work with their 
nuclear segment, we work with their gas segment, we work with their steam segment, we 
work with their hydrogen segment. So this is how we are looking at diversifying it and this 
is only possible because of our long forged robust customer relationships over 10 years. 
And why does it take 10 years? 
Because guys, we need to remember that this is a part which is rotating at 30,000 feet and 
these parts are mission critical and life critical. That's why it takes relationship. So even if 
somebody has today wants to start this business, there is no shortcut that is possible across 
the globe whether you are in India or Japan or China. 
You would take about 15 to 17 to 20 years to get to the point that Azad has reached. As a 
strategic and a growth partner to our customers across these industries, we would like to 
inform you that we have long term relationships which have culminated into long term 
contracts with our customers. Today, our business has a visibility of not just near term, we 
have a visibility of 3 years, 5 years, 7 years and 10 years. 
This is because our customers have signed contracts with us, we have roadmaps with each 
one of them and that's why you see we are investing ahead of the curve. We are investing 
in infrastructure, we are investing in capacity, we are investing in organizational building, 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 21 
 
because we know that this business needs that kind of investment for us to cater to the 
growth that is coming back. We are looking at it in a very structured and a stable way. 
The base is now created, we are only going to take this build on this from the strong base 
that we have created. Our competitive positioning is evident from a solid performance 
which you would see that we have not just grown our top line this quarter, you see we have 
also increased our EBITDA percentage which is what we kept telling and this was 
something that we had constantly iterated to the market that we are running a business 
that's a high EBITDA margin business and you would see that anytime when you are 
looking at our financial numbers, please keep what is optically visible versus what is 
happening really. 
Mr. Chopdar was talking about how our PAT was optically lower. Most of the questions 
that we had received over our last calls or meetings etcetera was why did your PAT drop 
to INR8 crores in FY '23 and we constantly explained the fact that we had convertible 
debentures and one of the questions that was put to us was your debt is about INR300 
crores for a company of your size and we had explained to them that this is not pure debt 
these are convertible CCD instruments and these instruments are going to be converted to 
equity and the investor will take an exit in IPO. 
And that has my friends has actually happened. You see by the end of September our gross 
debt was over INR300 crores and in the December quarter last year when we did our initial 
public offering our investors converted the convertible instruments into equity and they 
have taken an exit. So today if you look at it as on day if I have to speak about it, through 
the IPO proceeds our debt has been completely paid off. 
And today our debt is under INR30-odd crores today that's barely anything compared to 
the INR300 crores that was being optically shown and that is why you see our profit today 
has gone up I would not say that we have grown up 6x or 7x in terms of profit this is a 
consistent performance the PAT drop in last year was an optical matter because of the 
coupons that we are paying on the CCD instrument and that is why it had happened. And 
also a couple of one time impacts that was because of redemption of debentures. 
I am sure you would have read our financials and this will be aptly clear. This is all over 
you will be able to see in Q4 because obviously we had while in December until December 
we had payments towards coupon that was being done to our investors on CCD. So you 
would have still seen some impact but in the Q4 this year, the quarter that we are going to 
deliver you will be able to see the PAT and the finance cost would have normalized 
completely and you would see an uptrend in terms of that. 
Coming to our growing demand we are expanding our manufacturing facilities today you 
know we have four manufacturing plants in Hyderabad totalling to about 20,000 square 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 21 
 
meters. We have acquired 170,000 square meters more on top of it which is eight times of 
the current capacity. We are developing our infrastructure in phases we will start with the 
95,000 square meters to start with and you will see our incremental revenue for FY26 will 
come out of the new plant. 
We plan to create dedicated customer factories, micro factories in a large factory we will 
be able to talk more about it during our annual call. But for now I would like to say that the 
infrastructure that is being created will have incremental revenue of FY26 coming here. 
And we plan to add our machines in a very, very phased manner. So, with this I would like 
to say that there is a lot that is going to happen with us. 
And I think the story for Azad is unfolding we are at the brink where we are today having 
a wallet share of less than 1%. We are in the right kind of sectors, with the right kind of 
customers and product line. So we have a unique positioning. We hope that you 
understand what we've communicated and we will open the house for questions in some 
time I would now request my colleague Ronak Jajoo who is our Chief Financial Officer to 
maybe give a glimpse of our  financial performance. Ronak, over to you. 
Ronak Jajoo: 
Thank you, Vishnu. Firstly we will talk about the consolidated financials, highlights for the 
quarter. Our revenue stood at 89.2 million (Wrongly spoken on the call; Correct number is 
Rs.892 million) which is a 49% growth on year-on-year basis. Our revenue is growing at a 
healthy pace, we are positive to maintain this trajectory in times to come. And we are 
hopeful that we continue this growth over the years to come. 
This growth is led by strong sales in both energy and aerospace segments where our 
energy segment grew at 36% on year-on-year basis on a large base. And our aerospace and 
defense registered 157% year-on-year growth at a small base. Our consumption 
percentage as a sales has reduced from 13.3% to 11.6% during the quarter. 
This was mainly because of change in sales and we are glad to inform the market that we 
have qualified few of the Indian mills where we are getting the better price and the lead 
time for the raw materials has decreased drastically for the company. Our employee cost 
has shown an increase in the line with our growth in the top line. 
Our operating excellence is the focus area for us as a result we are able to achieve certain 
process improvement which is resulting into the 5% reduction in other expenses. During 
the quarter our adjusted EBITDA increased by 87% on Y-o-Y basis to INR332.8 crores 
(Wrongly spoken on the call; Correct number is Rs.328 million) with 36.7% margin. And 
this is the highest ever EBITDA generated by the company during this particular quarter. 
At the same time actual EBITDA increased by 36.7% on Y-o-Y basis INR 327 million with 
36.7% margin during quarter three FY23 our actual EBITDA was impacted due to the 
certain one-time adjustment. We have made adjustment to EBITDA with respect to certain 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 21 
 
non-recurring items such as fire related expenses and bridge of these items is available on 
slide number 13 of the presentation. PAT for the quarter increased by 339% on Y-o-Y basis 
to INR168 million with 18.8% margin. 
Coming to the balance sheet the company has reduced the debt as Vishnu had mentioned 
to you that our gross debt on 30th September was INR324 crores. In quarter three FY24 
our CCD namely Piramal who are holding our CCD as converted into the equity share worth 
INR173 crores (Wrongly spoken on the call; Correct number is Rs.171 crores) . We reduced 
our gross debt to INR163 crores largely due to conversion of CCDs into the equity shares. 
Our finance cost in quarter three stood at INR19.3 million (Wrongly spoken on the call; 
Correct number is Rs.193 million) including INR133 million for non-recurring items 
namely INR120 million towards CCDs and remaining INR13 million on account of Ind AS 
impact of bank term loans which we have to unwind during this particular quarter. With 
these two non-recurring expenses not forming part of our future finance cost to reduce 
quarterly financial cost to the third. 
And that will be reflected in quarter four onward results where our finance cost will be 
normalized and we see a better PAT margin coming forward. Looking at a nine month 
number, revenue from operations surged by 49% year-on-year basis to INR2,480 million 
as compared to the corresponding period last year. 
Nine month '24 adjusted EBITDA grow in line with revenue and stood at INR857 million 
with margin of 34.5%. Net profit for nine month '24 was INR 437 million compared to loss 
of INR 64 million in nine month '23. And there was adjustment during the nine month '23, 
which is there in the slide number 31 if you go to the presentation. 
I'm opening the floor for questions and answers now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We'll now begin the question and answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Veenit from Investec. Please go ahead. 
Aditya: 
Hi, good afternoon, Rakesh, Vishnu, and Ronak, this is Aditya from Investec. Once again, 
heartiest congratulations on a great IPO. Just a couple of questions, obviously very, very 
encouraging set of results. I want to understand that we had pretty decent gross margins 
this quarter, higher than what we usually used to report. So what are all the factors that 
have contributed to it? And would you be expecting gross margins to be sustaining at these 
levels or reverting back to slightly lower levels? That's the first question. 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Hello Aditya, Vishnu here. Aditya thanks for your question. You see our EBITDA has gone 
up this year. This is because of efficiencies that we've bought in two of our expense lines. 
So, in terms of job work and tooling, you see there is a margin expansion. We have saved 
our EBITDA there. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 21 
 
We've been able to save about 2%-3% EBITDA between our tools, job work and power. 
That was a result of one backward integration that we've done in our business and the 
other one was lower power charges due to installing a direct line of power in our business. 
So we were able to save about 3% and that's why you see there is a margin expansion that 
has happened in our business this quarter. And this is a sustainable impact. This should 
continue. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Aditya, this is Rakesh. As again, I would like to give a note to everyone that these products 
are not standard, right? There is a continuous innovation. There is a continuous process 
improvement, which is not only today, it is visible for tomorrow as well. So these are the 
improvement points. This is always will be available and which we are just exploring in 
every corner.  
Aditya: 
Sure, understood. On the backward integration side that we refer to, it would be great if 
you could share some more details?  
Vishnu Malpani: 
So, Aditya, I think it's a longish discussion. But I can tell you that we were sending out our 
product for a special process outside. Now what Azad has done is, we have decided to make 
an investment on this special process about a year and a half ago. We invested capex on it 
to develop capability, we've built capability on it, got that special process qualified with 
our customers. Now we are able to see an impact of this in our business because we've 
started producing parts on that special process. And that's why you see an upliftment in 
the operating margins that we have for them. This will continue.  
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, this is a sustainable number. This will continue.  
Aditya: 
Perfect, that's great. My second question is on the Rolls-Royce contract that we've won for 
almost seven years. Any further details that you can share on it? What could be the revenue 
potential? How large could it be? And how exactly the ramp-up is likely to be taking place? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, Aditya, this is -- please note, Rolls-Royce has got two divisions. One is a commercial 
and one is a defense military. So we have license, we got approval, we have a U.S. license 
to produce this part. Azad got the license to produce this part. And these are very highly 
confidential. And we can't give you much statement as because this is a military program. 
This is from Rolls-Royce defense, this is not from the Rolls-Royce commercial. 
 
Of course, it falls under one group only, but we cannot reveal much detail because of the 
military protocols and we have a license from the U.S. government. So we have to keep a 
bit of things confidential, but you're most welcome to visit the facility where we can give 
you idea or we can give you some kind of guidance what exactly these parts are.  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 21 
 
Aditya: 
Perfect. That's great. And for something like this also, Rakesh, would we be required or do 
we intend to be setting up a dedicated facility given that there's going to be confidential to 
them and could possibly be a pretty large opportunity?  
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Not really. For the confidentiality, it's a standard NDA and we are right from inception as I 
mentioned you, we work in a very niche segment so that's a culture already built in Azad, 
having these confidential information. And talking about the facility, as Vishnu also 
mentioned, this is just the start of a big ocean, right, and getting our foot in the door is the 
biggest thing it took us years of dedication and qualifications and approvals what we have 
got, and this is where the opportunity started. And this is something that beyond -- it's a 
beyond numbers what we can imagine what the numbers are. So definitely, we would love 
to set up a separate factory for Rolls-Royce within the new facility.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Kamlesh Jain from Lotus Asset Managers. 
Please go ahead. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Thanks, Rakesh and Vishnu for explanation of your business. So it's a strong set of numbers 
and I believe a strong future ahead.  
Moderator: 
Kamlesh, sorry, but can you speak a little louder please? 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
A little better.  
Kamlesh Jain: 
Yes. So Rakesh and Vishnu for elaborate explanation of the company. And just one question 
on the expansion side. Like you mentioned about 1,70,000-odd square meters, which we 
have recently acquired. But how the capacity would pan out over the years at those 
locations? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, see, Kamlesh, thanks for the question. As mentioned, we were aware what's coming, 
right? When we were finishing our gestation period of 15, 16 years. And as I mentioned 
earlier as well, we just put our foot in the door. And we know what is exactly coming, right? 
And we have to prepare well for this. 
And this is not something a normal general engineering of automobile or something that 
we can go -- we can plan for one year or two years. But this is something that we have to 
plan big. As mentioned, the customer of ours, if we talk about our product line, it's so, so 
critical, right? It's a life critical product. It takes ages for us and it takes ages for the 
customers. Both involvement takes a lot of time to qualify and get the approvals.  
That is what we finished recently. And now is the time to increase thewallet share of the 
capacity. So this capacity, what is a very big plan, which is we have to show -- we have to 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 21 
 
demonstrate to the customer, look, now we're ready to take all your requirements, 
whatever the planning is exactly what we're trying to show that the wallet share 
increment.  
So this is where the wallet share increment comes in, is we have a capacity, we have the 
manpower, we have the capex, we have got -- we are ready to take the bits and pieces of 
things and we are opening up a factory for you guys. And then this is where the planning 
comes in, like the space management is well accordance to the coming business what we 
can see on the rules of the customers. So it's very well planned. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Okay, great. But like current capacity is around 1,58,000 hours per annum, not like say -- 
and we have bought these land parcels like keeping in view that it would be expanded over 
a staggered manner. So now like say over five, six years or four, five years, how the capacity 
or how the increase in revenue will pan out. I know that wallet share will also increase, 
new customers will also come in. But like say, over three, four or four, five years, how the 
revenue will pan out from this particular expansion? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
So, I think I'll just pass on to Vishnu because on the numbers, what the guidance, what I 
think we have to be -- I think you can take this, Vishnu. 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Yes. So, hi Kamleshji. Thank you for your question. So, first of all, I'd like to say that, we'll 
be able to give you more clarity on this when we come for our annual results. I think we 
will talk about our growth. But since you've initiated this question, I would like to give you 
the comfort. So you mentioned number of 1,58,000 annual hours. I think there was a 
misprint in that, this is a quarterly capacity. So our annual capacity is way over 6,00,000 
hours today as a business. 
 
And so, if you see our historical numbers, you will get a sense of how we are planning our 
capacity. So, just like you'll see, FY'21, we did about INR122 crores, we took it to about 
INR195 crores, then we took it to INR251crores and this year, we've already done INR247 
crores. So as a business, we know that the business is obviously looking at a growth at a 
customer level and we are constantly investing in capacity. 
 
If you look at our energy segment revenue, we would have grown in that largely over our 
year-on-year number. That is because we deployed capex of about INR16, INR17 crores 
and that has yielded into revenue. If you look at our aerospace business, year-on-year 
growth, that has happened, our aerospace year-on-year quarterly growth has tripled up, 
that is because of the qualification. 
 
So our growth is a factor of the capacity that we are creating and from here onwards, today, 
the IPO proceeds that we were looking at, we have taken out the money that is needed to 
deploy in plant and machinery that will take us to our FY'26, FY'27 numbers without any 
trouble. These numbers, these capacity numbers have been committed to our customers 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 21 
 
so we cannot obviously not create capacity. So our only job over the next two years is going 
to be create infrastructure, deploy machines in a staggered manner that our return on 
capital employed is also very effective. 
 
Our incremental ROC in the business is targeted to be upwards or around 25% is what we 
are looking at. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, so I would like to add one more thing, Mr. Kamlesh, what you can see in the H1, what 
we have delivered and we are on a track which is going for this financial year. You can have 
a number that'll look. As mentioned on the capacity, these numbers, what the capacity, 
what is being increased is already in, we have a roadmap from our customers. That is how 
this capacity has been planned. This is how that 170,000 square meters have come out. For 
next five years or 10 years or, the capacity what we have seen is a roadmap discussed with 
the customer. 
 
It's not just we are just setting up a capacity. It's not just we have purchased the land. There 
is a calculation behind the procurement of the land. There is a calculation behind for the 
square meters. Why do we need so much square meters? I hope that clarifies. 
Kamlesh Jain: 
Great, great, great. Thanks, Rakesh and Vishnu, and wish you all the best. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from the line of Rajesh Vora from Jainmay Venture. Please go 
ahead. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congrats on very good set of numbers. And thank you 
especially, Mr. Chopdar, for giving us a very good overview of the company. Your business 
is quite impressive in what you have done in the last decade and a half. Now, what gave 
you strength to be patient, passionate for so long in such a hard business? And how did you 
manage the risk of failure or other risks? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Thanks, Rajeshji. My first thing is when I was 16, when I turned 16, I have seen enough 
failures, or I've seen enough of, what do you call, struggle. So I think my quota got finished 
there, just on a light note. And, now it's where, it got in a way where I got in this mode. And 
the biggest strength is like, what I can feel now after realizing, after talking to people like 
you and the whole world, right I'm very passionate going, that’s thank you so much for 
that. But also my team, what I've built over these years and the infrastructure, the culture, 
and, the willingness to accept challenges and, give results in a very favourable way. So 
that's helping me to continue this, and I hope I'll take this to great heights. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 21 
 
Rajesh Vora: 
That's very interesting. I'm sure given the way you kept going, do you have any company 
as a role model in your mind, like Hy-Ko Corporation of US, or Howmet Aerospace of US? 
Maybe you're looking to multiply your revenues and market share? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Not required, Mr. Rajesh. See, I'll tell you what usually companies does a joint venture, 
either for money or for technology, or for the, a market, or for sales or, for a presence. 
When we have achieved all the three without any support or anything, why do we need to 
go and, take on something? 
 
Yes, usually in our product line, again, there's a very vast, when we say aerospace energy, 
there's a vast, product line differentiation in the classification of the product what we 
actually manufacture. As I was repeating, again, I repeat, and I feel very proud of saying 
that, we don't make armrests of a seat, we make a rotating part of an engine. So that 
classifies what exactly we are doing in the aerospace segment, how you are positioning the 
aerospace segment. 
 
And what it took us to get these parts manufactured here in India, and being utilized 
globally, I mean, we don't know which parts we are manufacturing is operation in China, 
or Japan, or Saudi, or we don't know where they're operational. And we feel great about it. 
And to follow someone, trust me, if we try to follow someone, we exactly do what others 
do. 
 
And that's way, that gives a result that Azad is the only company, I'm very proud of India, 
that we broke these barriers. As we represent, as we go out of Japan, no one knows us in 
India, trust me. No one exactly has an idea of what exactly Azad does. But when you go to 
Japan, you ask Mitsubishi , hey, how is Azad? You go to GE, you go to America, you go and 
ask GEs, you go and ask Rolls Royce, you go and ask, what does Azad do? And they say, 
wow, they really like, we are very, very happy with the company. 
 
So this is what the problem, what also we are facing is the positioning of Azad. That's where 
we are facing trouble, but I'm sure over the coming time, we all will  realize what exactly 
we are doing. I'm waiting for that day. And let the numbers speak on it. That's what the 
best way is. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Rajesh, sorry to interrupt you, I'll request you to come back for a follow-up 
question. 
Rajesh Vora: 
Look forward to meet you and visit your facility. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
More than welcome, Rajesh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from line of Pritesh from Lucky Investments, please go ahead. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 21 
 
Pritesh: 
Sir, the assets on ground that you have in your balance sheet, which shows let's say last 
year ended at about INR250 crores, what is the asset turn usually your business operates 
at? 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Yes, hello, so this is Vishnu here. So if you look at our business in a segmental way, you 
know, energy, aerospace, defense and oil and gas. Energy is a business historically has had 
an asset turn of around 1.5 per plant or machine. And for the product that we are now 
doing and building qualifications for, this asset turn will go upwards from 1.5 to 1.7 on the 
energy sector. 
Now on the aerospace and defense, you see the products that we are currently making 
have an asset turn of 2 to 2.5. So at a blended level, when you see our business in FY'26 or 
FY'27, you see it will get to a point where our asset turn will blend it will be around 1.7. 
Pritesh:  
 
And we do only machining, right? We get the forging made from out? 
Vishnu Malpani: 
No, no, this is totally, this is blended is what I'm saying 1.75. Yes, forging is done in house. 
Everything is done in house. Yes, everything is done in house. 
Pritesh: 
The entire part, whatever is forged is your final output will be a machine part only. 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Yes, Yes, it is a mix. It depends on the customer's requirement. But yes, we do forging, we 
do machining, we do special processes. So it's an end to end 360 degree ecosystem that 
Azad is trying to create for our OEMs.  
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, gentlemen, so this is what we are trying to say. It's not just product, we also give 
solution with the product. 
Pritesh: 
Okay, my second question is, sir, on the working capital, it's, you know, in the last three 
years number, it's all over the place. But usually, incrementally, what working capital cycle 
will you operate at? 
Vishnu Malpani: 
So if you look at a business, and again, I think, see, the idea is to look at it from an energy 
perspective, because energy business, we've done it for 15 years. And in 15 years, you 
know, we've gotten it to a point where our cash to cash conversion cycle is about 130 to 
140 days. And this business, working capital cycle for this segment will only progressively 
come down slowly, because we are indigenizing our raw material purchase. 
 
Now, as soon as that happens, the working capital burden on the business will become 
lower. Our aerospace and defense, and oil and gas business are under qualification. So 
while you are qualifying these parts by part, what happens is you have an inventory 
buildup, and also there is an impact on this. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 21 
 
 
So that's why the working capital cycle seems elongated at that point. But if you see for this 
quarter, you will see there is a dip in our working capital cycle even on the aerospace side. 
And then this will progressively come down. 
 
And in FY '26, FY '27, the entire business will be at a blended asset on, sorry, working 
capital cycle or a cash conversion cycle of 130 to 140 days. 
Pritesh: 
Okay, so your blended cycle incrementally should move towards 130, 140 days. 
Vishnu Malpani: 
Today, blended will get to 130, 140 days. Increase, see, what happens is energy, we are, 
our quantum of revenue versus our quantum of qualification is very different than 
compared to aerospace. Aerospace, last quarter has done about INR15 odd crores, but the 
quantum of qualification is there. 
 
That's why you see this impact there. But at a blended level, our business will become 130 
to 140 days of cash-to-cash conversion cycle in FY25, Yes, progressively it will come down 
with every quarter and every year passing by. 
Pritesh: 
Just follow on, what is your, what is the realizations per kg that you work on?  
Vishnu Malpani: 
So we don't track… 
Pritesh: 
of the machine part? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
No, it doesn't go that way. It goes as product per piece. It doesn't go by per kg. 
Pritesh: 
Okay, so Yes, I'll come back. Thank you very much.  
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Thanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Next question is from Bala Murali Krishna from Oman Investment Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Yes, good afternoon. And congratulations on great set of numbers. I would like to know 
that, in the defense and aerospace sector, what could be the percentage of contribution or 
the down the line, three, four years, what are you expecting from that sector? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes, thank you so much for the question. Again, we would like to start. Azad started from 
2008, right? 
 
And it took a footprint in the energy sector first. And as it took longer and longer time to 
cover all the parts, part by part qualification approvals and all, it took a lot of time. Only 
1920 is where we stepped in aerospace. But the beauty of Azad is, we are not a startup in 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 21 
 
aerospace. Only the center of excellence for manufacturing airfoils. So everyone has to 
understand what airfoil is. 
 
It's a three dimensional product, right? And this three dimensional product, it is very highly 
regulated product. So having that experience, when we went entered in the aerospace 
sector, though it looks, the number looks smaller, but that's going to scale up drastically in 
the coming time. 
 
And that's evident, you know, you can see the Rolls Royce contract, which has come for 
seven years. And we're bound to supply these parts and many more in pipeline, right? So 
in these sectors, the growth is very massive in next coming three to five years. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay, that's understood. And just a follow up on that. So the incremental revenue in this 
sector will be like, suppose it is aerospace sector. 
 
So that depends on the additional products you develop or depends on the OEMs for the 
additional aircrafts the OEMs are producing.  
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Yes. So, sir, what numbers we are talking are very large, right? They are very, very massive. 
What has been taken in consideration, the next three to five years, we already have it in 
hand. 
 
And you know, this is all is going to be add ons. And this is what we are trying to, you know, 
make sure that the growth which is lined up for the coming years is already secured. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
Okay, good sir. And lastly on this, any other new product development which is already 
developed and which is under evolution by the OEMs? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
The example I give you, one example, what contract we have signed, like, you know, any X 
company, any one of the engine manufacturers. Okay, one of the engine manufacturers got 
say, 10 different models of the engines, right? One may go in A320, one may go in A350 
aircraft, one may go in 777, one may go in 380. 
 
You know, there are many crafts, many varieties of commercial and defense aircrafts. And 
every engine is designed as per the aircraft design. Right? So we started with just a few of 
the engines, maybe one or two. But they've got 10 more engines. To cover this one or two, 
you know, that itself is massive. Just imagine by one OEM, if we look at those 10 different 
engines, then 10 different, you know, requirements coming in. So that's what Vishnu was 
mentioning you, that the TAM which Azad is connected is more than 28 million, 30 million. 
When the team is talking about the TAM, what the market size is only related to Azad. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 21 
 
It's not that we have picked up the entire, the world's TAM and been presenting. No, the 
time what we have been showing or what we have been, what has been shown is only 
related to us. Only related to the product line where Azad is playing. 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
That's good, sir. That's a great idea. Thank you. I'd like to visit your facility also. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Sure, sir, more than welcome. You'll love it. I can tell you, you'll love it 
Bala Murali Krishna: 
. Thank you. Thanks a lot and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from Neel Mehta from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Neel Mehta: 
Hi. Very hearty congratulations on the numbers. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Thank you. 
Neel Mehta: 
My main question is only one because most of them are already answered. While we see 
most of the top line coming from exports, that is Japan number one and US number two 
and then Europe, do we see any major impact from the Red Sea crisis going ahead or 
etcetera? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Sorry, can you be a little louder, please? Prices are increasing, what, sorry? 
Neel Mehta: 
So sorry. I'm asking that the major exports from the top line are going to Japan, Europe and 
US. Do we see any impact from the Red Sea crisis or the logistical supply chain breakup? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
No, there will be not. Again, very, very good question, but I could answer in a very generic 
way. Azad all the products during COVID also, we fell under essentials. These parts what 
we manufacture are majorly used in power generation and wherever there are things like 
that, it doesn't affect anywhere because this business what exactly is in the aviation or it is 
in the energy business, they all are majorly in the essential areas. So we will not have any 
impact of any kind of thing which is going to affect the business. 
Neel Mehta: 
Okay, thank you so much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Dixit from ICICI Securities. Please go 
ahead. 
Amit Dixit: 
Yes, hi, and thanks for the opportunity. I have just one question. While we are deepening 
our presence in a defense space, in domestic arena as well, we have a formidable defense 
ecosystem coming up, particularly in aerospace with the joint venture between GE and 
HAL being talked about later on maybe for Safran and HAL. 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 21 
 
And incidentally, one of them is our customer already and the other one we are working 
with. So just wanted to understand on a very, very broad framework that what kind of 
opportunity do we see here? Because the numbers that are being talked about at least on 
the aircraft side, these are quite formidable and this opportunity extends maybe up to a 
FY40. So just wanted, if you could give a little bit of color on this that would be helpful. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Good question, Mr. Amit. You know, you have helped me make understand better about 
Azad  now. Now, what engine has come to India? It's F404 and 414. From GE, which is 
coming to HAL. This engine is utilized not only in our LCA, it is utilized in various other 
aircrafts being manufactured by other nations, like Sweden or let's talk about any 
European countries or where the same engine is utilized in the various other countries for 
their different indigenous manufactured fighter jets. 
Now, when Azad is positioned as a global supplier, what does a global supplier mean? Since 
the parts which are being supplied by GE to entire world, they are global supply chain 
system where Azad is well-positioned. So the parts what we manufacture will go in an 
engine of 404 or a 414. 
That may go to India or that may go to Sweden or that may go to whichever country they 
want to sell these engines to. We may not know. Best part is having this control of these 
approvals and things where Azad is, again, very well-positioned. 
So we definitely have a very significant role to be played in this kind of programs. Example, 
I'll give you one thing which has happened to three years back or four years back. We got 
an order from General Electrics. 
And we got an RFQ. We know we bid for a project. And when we bid for the project, and it 
was for 800 megawatt into three units. So 2,400 megawatt, and we won the order, 
competing China and Poland in Europe. So we won the order. When the purchase order 
got printed and when we received the purchase order, you know what to my surprise was? 
Azad is in Telangana, Azad is in India. To our surprise, those projects were of NTPC 
Telangana, placed order on GE, which was manufactured in Poland. So our airfoils went all 
the way to Poland, got assembled, came back to Telangana. 
So such examples, that's the beauty of our great positioning, what I was talking about. We 
are positioning globally. Our parts, what we manufacture and supply goes to which part of 
the world, we will not know. 
Amit Dixit: 
So just to follow up on this, while we are at it, the government's endeavor is to push up 
Atmanirbharta in different space. Also, there is an increased level of digitalization. And we 
are already, as you mentioned, 404, 414 and Safran will be co-produced, co-developed in 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Azad Engineering Limited 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 21 of 21 
 
India. So I think we have an excellent opportunity over here to kind of emphasize our 
position. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
So I would say this is an add-on to us. This will be a great bonus to us. And we'll be happy 
to serve this. And best part is we have immense experience already. So I think we can 
handle it. But one thing, Azad would like to maintain the legacy of the complex parts. And 
we would like to continue that. And it is a great opportunity till very long run. It's not just 
today, tomorrow, one year, two years. So it is a very, as you rightly said, this may go up to 
2030, '40, '50. 
Amit Dixit: 
Great. And the last one, if I can squeeze, is that after Russia-Ukraine war, and with 
Palestine-Israel conflict also flaring, and now there are reports of US also attacking Syria, 
or whatever. So in this arms race, do you see any traction in ordering for us going ahead? 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
No, no, Mr. Amit. It doesn't come at all in our cases or some. Only, you know, when Ukraine-
Russia war came in, you know where we faced the problem the most? When we were 
raising funds. 
All the investors were, they went away here and there, but our customers were still there. 
On a lighter note, you know, I'm just saying to you that that was the time we were raising 
money on the, we were on the verge of raising money. So what we found difference is in 
the financial fraternity, not in our customer fraternity. It was on a lighter note, guys. 
Amit Dixit: 
Okay, sure. That's it from my side. Thank you, and all the best. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Amit Dixit: 
So I would like to request Mr. Chopdar to go ahead and give the closing comments. 
Rakesh Chopdar: 
Okay, thank you so much, everyone, for your time and spending time with us during this 
call. It was quite informative, and being the first call of ours, and we will get more trained, 
you know, what to speak, what not to speak. 
We were a bit confused, and, you know, maybe we could give all the appropriate answers, 
but if not, apologies for that, and any other things are there, guys, are most welcome to 
visit us. With this, I conclude the call, and if you have any further queries, please contact 
SGA our  investor relation advisors. Thank you all for joining us today. Take care. Thanks, 
everyone. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of ICICI Securities Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
