 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
Regd. Office | A47 Lower Ground Floor, Hauz Khas, Off Amar Bhawan, New Delhi-110016 
Communication Office | 8th floor, Unitech Commercial Tower - 2, Sector - 45, Gurugram - 122003, Haryana 
(P) 0124-4598749 (W)  www.affle.com CIN: L65990DL1994PLC408172 
 
 
 
AIL/SE/RCT/Q3/2023-24 
 
 
 
 
 
              February 12, 2024 
   
To 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai 400 001 
 
 
Scrip Code: 542752 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C-l, G Block, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai 
- 400 051 
 
Symbol: AFFLE 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call for the third quarter and nine months ended 
December 31, 2023 conducted on February 05, 2024 at 10:00AM IST 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam,  
 
Please find enclosed the detailed transcript of the Earnings Conference Call conducted on Monday, 
February 05, 2024 at 10:00AM IST to discuss the results and developments for the third quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
The same is also available on the Company’s website at https://affle.com/investor-relations. 
 
Please note that the audio recording of the Earnings Conference Call was submitted vide our letter 
AIL/EC/2023-24/Q3 dated February 05, 2024. 
  
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
 
Parmita Choudhury 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
PARMITA 
CHOUDHURY
Digitally signed by 
PARMITA CHOUDHURY 
Date: 2024.02.12 
22:52:50 +05'30'

This transcript has been edited to improve the readability 
 
 
 
Affle (India) Limited 
 
Q3 & 9M FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
 
February 05, 2024 at 10:00AM IST  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             
         
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Management: 
1) Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum – Managing Director & Chief 
Executive Officer of Affle (India) Limited 
 
2) Mr. Kapil Bhutani – Chief Financial & Operations Officer 
of Affle (India) Limited 
 
 
Analyst: 
Mr. Anmol Garg – DAM Capital 
 
 
 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
2 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Affle India Q3 & 9M FY2024 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by DAM Capital Advisors Limited. As a reminder, all 
participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for 
you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your 
touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Anmol Garg from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. Thank you and 
over to you Sir! 
Anmol Garg: 
Thank you Nirav. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of DAM Capital, we welcome 
you all to Q3 & 9M FY2024 Conference Call of Affle (India) Limited. I take this 
opportunity to welcome the management of Affle (India) Limited, represented by Mr. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum who is Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer of the 
Company; and Mr. Kapil Bhutani who is Chief Financial & Operations Officer of the 
Company.  
 
Before we begin with the discussion, I would like to remind you that some of the 
statements made in today's conference call may be forward-looking in nature and 
may involve some risks and uncertainties. Kindly refer to slide 23 of the Company’s 
Q3 earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
 
I will now hand over the call to Mr. Anuj Khanna Sohum for his opening remarks. 
Thank you and over to you Anuj! 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining the call today. I trust all of you are 
keeping in good health.  
 
We are glad to confirm that we have achieved a decisive and timely turnaround in 
developed markets anchored on our determined execution with increased investment 
in sales and marketing and our hands-on entrepreneurial leadership. Post-Covid, this 
was our first significant challenge and we were transparent with our stakeholders 
about our action plans since the start of this financial year and we delivered on our 
commitment to complete the turnaround in CY2023 itself.  
 
We entered CY2024 with our strategic moat fortified stronger than ever before. Our 
15 Gen AI patent filings have strengthened our intellectual capital and the Rs. 7.5 
billion recently raised cash capital has strengthened our financial balance sheet. We 
consciously invested in new product use cases and ecosystem level partnerships to 
unlock premium inventories and touch points on connected devices including CTV, 
Apple SKAN, iOS App Store and other OEM app stores both in India and international 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
3 
 
markets. This was the first significant step towards our long-term strategic direction 
as the premium converted users enable higher lifetime value for advertisers and thus 
unlock the sustainable premium pricing bids for the most profitable ad campaigns 
across both emerging and developed markets.  
 
Speaking of Q3 FY2024, we achieved our highest-ever quarterly revenue, highest 
EBITDA, PAT, Conversions and CPCU Rate till date. In Q3 FY2024, we delivered 
revenue growth of 32.6% y-o-y and 15.6% q-o-q. We continued to enhance our 
consumer-centric platform offerings progressively delivering stronger than ever 
quarterly EBITDA of Rs. 967 million and PAT of Rs. 768 million. Our CPCU business 
delivered about 84 million conversions during the quarter, at a CPCU rate of Rs. 57.0 
that helped us achieve CPCU revenue of Rs. 4.77 billion, an increase of 38.2% y-o-y 
and 19.2% q-o-q. We continue to witness a robust market opportunity as advertisers 
steadily accelerate their digital spending, resulting in a broad-based growth in our 
CPCU business in global emerging markets. 
 
In terms of 9M FY2024, we achieved revenue growth of 24% y-o-y and PAT growth of 
14.7% y-o-y.  Overall, for 9M, our CPCU revenue increased by 25.9% y-o-y and has 
grown at a CAGR of about 60% in the last 4-year period.  
 
Our strong anchoring across India and Global Emerging Markets continues to be 
resilient and it contributed over 74% of our quarterly revenues this time. Our growth 
for India and Emerging markets combined, was about 24% y-o-y which was majorly all 
organic, and about 16% on a q-o-q basis.  
 
While Global Emerging markets clearly performed exceptionally well and grew by 
about 41% y-o-y, there was a significant pullback effect of Real Money Gaming (RMG) 
within the Gaming vertical in India and if not for this impact India would have 
achieved much greater sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 in FY2024 just as we did in 
FY2023. Our broad-based growth across diversified verticals continues to give us the 
confidence that broader market tailwinds in India across most of our verticals and 
global emerging markets is intact. 
 
Speaking of Developed Markets, we have significantly strengthened our foundation 
for the Developed Markets with our integrated Consumer Platform propositions, 
greater investments in sales and marketing and the confidence in our teams to 
convincingly win from here onwards. Despite the US Fintech Vertical continuing as a 
major laggard even in this quarter, our growth in Developed Markets together with 
YouAppi was about 67% y-o-y and 14% q-o-q. With this robust foundation rebuilt, we 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
4 
 
are confident of capitalizing on the improved macro market outlook and our outlook 
for FY2025 is optimistic. 
 
While most of the other industry players are adopting Gen AI to optimize human 
capital and cost, Affle is investing in Gen AI powered innovations to go much beyond 
cost efficiencies to enable long-term revenue growth and competitive advantages.  
 
We filed 15 new patents in India during Q3. These patents power futuristic use cases 
of interaction, training and integration of Gen AI agents and cover advanced AI areas 
including personalization & recommendation, predictive analysis, privacy and 
enhanced fraud detection. As discussed over the previous earnings call, in Q3 we 
launched our 1st Gen AI-powered product which is a multilingual keyword 
recommendation engine as a premium platform to drive conversions. In addition to 
this, we were recently granted a new patent in US related to digital ad fraud and our 
total patent portfolio includes 35 patents filed or granted. 
 
Continuing to share our customer success stories, this time, we have included 3 case 
studies, which are focused on travel, foodtech and e-commerce conversions for a 
global FMCG company. 
 
Our Affle2.0 Consumer Platform Stack continues to be recognized in the industry as 
the top performer and we recently won top rankings and awards across various 
industry forums and indexes. For example, in  the 16th edition of the AppsFlyer 
Performance Index, our platforms were ranked amongst the Top 10 Global Gaming 
Platforms and featured amongst the Global Top 10 (non-gaming) category as well. We 
also achieved the Number 1 non-SRN App Discovery Platform rank in India. In the 
Singular’s SKAdNetwork rankings, we were the top DSP on SKAN 4.0 readiness.  
 
Furthermore, we won the "Most outstanding programmatic platform of the year" 
award at the Adgully Mobexx Awards 2023. Lastly, we also won the “Outstanding 
Partner Award” at the OPPO Developer Conference. 
 
With that, I now hand over the discussion to our CFO - Kapil Bhutani, to discuss the 
financials. Thanks and over to you Kapil!! 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Thank you Anuj. Thank you everybody for joining in. Wishing everyone a good day and 
hope all of you are keeping safe and well. This is the first time we are meeting in 
2024. Wishing you a Happy New Year also. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
5 
 
 
Continuing our growth momentum – We concluded Q3 FY2024 on a strong note and 
delivered Revenue from Operations of Rs. 4,987 million, (i.e. Rs. 498.7 Crore) a 
growth of 32.6% y-o-y. During the quarter, India contributed 26.5%, while the 
International markets contributed 73.5% to our revenue.  
 
Sequentially, Q3 revenue increased by 15.6% q-o-q, led by a broad-based growth in 
our CPCU business with robust business momentum across Global Emerging Markets 
and the successful turnaround in Developed Markets. 
 
Our nine-months revenue stood at Rs. 13,366 million, (i.e. Rs. 1,336.6 Crore) a robust 
growth of 24% y-o-y. 
 
In terms of Opex, our Inventory & Data Cost stood at 61.6% of revenue from operations 
in this quarter which was higher by about 108 basis points on a sequential basis. As 
also highlighted by Anuj, we are calibrating our platform on to premium inventories, 
touchpoints and deeper ecosystem-level partnerships. 
 
Our Other expenses stood at 6.6% of revenue and increased by Rs. 75 million (i.e. Rs. 
7.5 Crores) on a q-o-q basis, mainly on account of higher sales & marketing costs to 
support the developed markets growth during the festive season.  
 
We see this as a short-term investment phase with the combined impact of increase 
in our Inventory & Data cost and the Other expenses, underpinning our strategic 
positioning and business growth globally.  
 
Our Employee benefit expense for the quarter increased sequentially by 7.4% due to 
appraisals in few geographies. 
 
We achieved our highest-ever quarterly EBITDA in Q3 which stood at Rs. 967 million, 
(i.e. Rs. 96.7 Crore) an increase of 20.3% y-o-y. In 9M FY2024, our EBITDA increased 
by 18.4% y-o-y, while the EBITDA margin stood at 19.6%.  
 
Our Profit After Tax for the quarter stood at Rs. 768 million (i.e. Rs. 76.8 Crore), an 
increase of 11.4% y-o-y and 15% q-o-q.  
 
We remain focused on working capital management and as such there were no 
material changes in our collection risk. 
 
In Q3, we made an investment of Rs. 372.97 million (i.e. Rs. 37.3 Crores) and acquired 
9.03% stake in Explurger Private Limited on a fully diluted basis. Explurger owns an 
indigenous social media app for people who like to travel and explore new places. It 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
6 
 
is a strategic investment for us as it complements our verticalization strategy to go 
deeper into the travel vertical. 
 
Looking ahead, we remain confident of the long-term business prospects to invest 
further in our business and stand committed to deliver long-term sustainable growth. 
 
With this, I end our presentation. Let us please open the floor for Questions. 
Moderator: 
The first question is from the line of Anmol Garg from DAM Capital Advisors Limited. 
Please go ahead. 
Anmol Garg: 
I have a couple of questions. Firstly, we have seen a strong recovery in international 
business led by developed and emerging markets. I understand that some of it is 
because of seasonality, but even excluding the seasonality, can we expect the strong 
growth momentum to continue in the developed markets? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: In the  developed markets, the growth what you are seeing has been long awaited. 
First of all, in developed markets we were degrowing for several quarters. We were 
dealing with deeply internal issue and sorting them out. We knew we would sort it 
out because we had a clear action plan. We have to see the growth in that context. 
This is the growth that we deserved, which belonged to us but had evaded us because 
of certain issues. We fixed those issues decisively and won it back. Now, when we 
have won it back, I would say our base is still small and the addressable market is 
huge. Our belief, confidence, our differentiated offerings and our commitment to 
deliver growth is there. The opportunity is there for us to take.  
 
I am very optimistic that we will continue this trend because there is renewed 
commitment and confidence on the ground. The team has greater self-belief; it is not 
easy to turnaround, especially when you are fixing the team. I believe, we have done 
something fantastic in solving what we did in CY2023. I am very happy with where we 
are and we are stronger than ever before. 
 
Our optimism, on continuing developed markets growth trajectory is positive, 
especially on year-on-year basis, because the last few quarters were so muted for us. 
The bad news of CY2023, the subdued quarters of developed markets, will appear as 
better performance in CY2024 because as we build up from here you will start seeing 
much bigger year-on-year positive trends for developed markets. I am not solely 
comparing on year-on-year basis only because that is the easier battle for us on 
developed markets going forward. However, sequentially, our fundamental strength 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
7 
 
positions us to secure what we deserve in the market because we have great products 
and a differentiated model. Therefore, I am quite optimistic on that. 
Anmol Garg: 
I have a question on the India business as well. We have seen some sequential 
weakness because of RMG to some extent.  Is RMG now coming to the base and we 
will see good growth from here on? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: RMG has impacted us basically in the last two quarters - in Q2 FY2024 and Q3 FY2024. 
In Q2 FY2024, RMG impacted us in midway because of certain regulatory changes, 
which impacted the fundamentals of the RMG category and kind of ROI measurement 
these people do. There was a clear impact and last quarter we quantified it. This 
quarter the impact was bigger because typically bigger budgets were expected from 
RMG but they were holding back. The impact was for the whole quarter Q3 FY2024 
versus half the quarter of Q2 FY2024.  
 
If I have to eliminate RMG impact, on a comparable basis from Q2 to Q3 and festive 
season, we would have seen India growing comfortably around 20% year-on-year basis 
and sequentially we would have grown much better like we have always done from 
Q2 to Q3.  This quarter the only vertical that I would isolate the impact to is the 
gaming vertical, primarily linked to RMG and the GST impact. We are hoping that in 
2024, this will taper off slowly.  
 
One of the ways to cover that is to go more premium. Just think of business 
fundamentals - each of these advertisers needs to make money and they need to be 
profitable. The only way to be profitable is if they get new users and converted users, 
which are going to deliver high lifetime value for them. If we give them premium 
users, they will have the ability to pay us and we will be having the ability to price 
well enough to make around 20% to 25% EBITDA. Therefore, especially, in markets 
like India where unit economics is harsh, the strategy of Affle to go more premium 
including there is enough critical mass of iOS devices focusing on iOS SKAN, iOS App 
store, CTV, OEM, app stores and inventories which are more premium in the market.  
 
Getting to more premium users for our advertisers is the way to solve it and this 
strategy is already in place preemptively before this RMG impact. It will solve all this 
going forward and may take a few more quarters, but the strategy is clear and the 
direction is right. Once RMG budgets come back, we will be the first company to take 
them on to a profitable advertising campaign and deliver value for them. We are 
ready for it. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
8 
 
Anmol Garg: 
My last question is for Kapil. On the cost side, we have seen almost Rs.7.5 Crores 
increase in the other expenses. Is this because of the marketing expenses in the 
developed markets and how much of it will continue going ahead in Q4 FY2024 and in 
FY2025? 
Kapil Bhutani: 
As mentioned in our commentary, primarily this is on account of marketing spends 
we have started post-Covid and maximum impetus come in Q3 FY2024. However, in 
Q4 FY2024, there are many events lined up internationally and in India. These 
expenses would continue in Q4 before it stabilizes for the next year. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I can add further on that. As I mentioned in my commentary, when we go for a 
turnaround situation there are two ways of turning around. One is, which was done 
by some of our leaders, who had to let go off their jobs, become more defensive when 
the business is coming down and spend less. However, in 2023 by taking the reins of 
the developed markets directly, our conviction and belief led to - no, we have to 
back it up. We realized that, we have to do more investments in sales and marketing 
because we believe in our product.  
 
If you see consistently throughout these nine months, we invested almost Rs.30 Crores 
more in these other expenses versus the same period in the nine months in the 
previous year. Now, out of Rs. 30 Crores, Rs. 15 Crores should have anyways done 
because of the kind of growth expectations but we doubled it down to another Rs.15 
Crores and you are seeing the impact of that. But this is not a defensive view that 
expenses are going up. This is a more aggressive move which is showing belief into 
our capabilities saying guys we need to deliver this turnaround and let us make it 
happen. I am really glad that we did that and those investments are working and will 
continue to work for us as we go into 2024. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Arun Prasath from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Arun Prasath: 
Anuj, I want to ask about the India portfolio. You qualified that RMG is a problem but 
is a spending in this vertical has completely come to a standstill? Or, it is more like a 
budget getting curtailed for the quarter and it will be coming up in by the year-end? 
What is the ground reality right now? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: The ground reality is this used to be or is expected to be a high growth profitable 
advertising budget. After the impact of the GST, sometime middle of Q2 FY2024, 
most of the spending was being held back or if there were advertising budgets they 
were pricing it at a level where profitability of those revenues will become a 
challenge. In order to fix that, one has to understand that RMG has to find its own 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
9 
 
unit economics and equilibrium again and adjust to that. We need to help that 
category by getting them more premium conversions so that they can make higher 
lifetime value on those users and get an ROI on the marketing spend, leaving enough 
room for everybody to make money. The issue is not only about money going away 
but it is hitting the profitability and the fundamental ROI of those ads spends and 
therefore it is going to impact pricing.  
 
We as a company will never succumb on pricing. We will always justify that what we 
do and how we do it. Because their problem is also our problem; they need to make 
ROI on those ad spends and we need to deliver ROI to them on those ad spends. We 
want to make sure that, we do that while ensuring our profitability. 
 
The challenge is both in terms of the spend is not coming and if the spend is there or 
some limited budget is still there, then the pricing on that budget is still waiting to 
bounce back. We are helping by fundamentally showing them that when you spend 
do not worry about pricing, focus on your ROI, we can give you profitable users and 
you will be able to make money.  Let us work together.   
 
All revenues are not equal. Some revenues are worth around 20% to 25% EBITDA and 
some revenues are not worth that. Affle is very selective & careful and not only taking 
up the revenue but delivering fundamental values otherwise how would we sustain? 
If somebody run a campaign but they do not make profit, then the next quarter they 
will not put the budget. How do you build sustainable, profitable and  consistent 
growth? It is by giving ROI to the advertisers. The math of RMG still needs to find 
profitability and therefore sustainable growth but we are fixing it and it is work in 
progress. 
Arun Prasath: 
If I understand correctly what you are saying about the unit economics part given the 
current regulations and how the marketable or targetable users in this universe 
shrunk, it is impacting the stand and which means there are fewer users to be 
targeted at the elevated CPCU or premium CPCU? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: It will be a mix and not pure. You need to do a mix so that in each campaign it can 
become better. At least, our endeavor as Affle would be to let us take the most 
premium segment and the budgets for the most premium segment at the most 
premium pricing. Let us take that the cream of the budget. Let us say, whatever 
budget is there for RMG, the most profitable segments, I want Affle to log that in and 
be the default partner for RMG or any advertiser for that matter in that segment. 
However, it does not mean that there will be no budgets for other users. That is not 
what I am implying. It is not so black and white. It is always more in the gray. What I 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
10 
 
am trying to explain to you is that the unit economics of RMG is shaken by that and 
it will take time to find its balance. I am explaining how Affle is helping in that and 
how it will take the best part of the budgets. 
Arun Prasath: 
If you go by your commentary that without RMG we would have achieved around 24% 
y-o-y growth in India non-RMG business. This implies that the contribution of gaming 
to our India businesses is quite high which was not I had in mind. Because, I remember 
you were saying that no vertical contributes more than 10% to 15% but it seems like 
we are quite hit by this. Is there any other verticals which is the high contributing 
vertical. For example, currently something is happening in fintech as well with the 
RBI regulating one of the largest fintech. What are other risks that we are probably 
running at this point of time.  With respect to that, it seems like one or other vertical 
always coming and biting us at some point of time. Could you can qualify this risk? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Maybe I will explain to you in a slightly different way. When I say our business is 
broad-based, what is the meaning of broad-based? Broad-based means that we are 
across multiple verticals and across multiple geographies including India, global 
emerging markets, international markets. Across these markets, which are fairly 
broad-based, existing customer base is very large and new customers are getting 
joined in across industry verticals.  
 
At a macro level, of course, certain verticals which are bigger than the others. For 
instance, fintech is relatively bigger, gaming and e-commerce is becoming important 
verticals for us. Category E, F, G and H, which are the four categories that we talk 
about. I would say category H is now bouncing back with travel is becoming stronger 
and we are trying to put more investments to boost that even further. In category E, 
which is e-commerce, entertainment and edtech. Yes, there was a time when edtech 
was under pressure but the other verticals were going along strong. In category F, we 
have put case studies on fintech and foodtech verticals several times and we are 
doing well. This time, we have put the case study of FMCG vertical, which is also 
doing well. In category G, gaming is definitely strong vertical. In category H, as I said 
we are improving.  
 
Within the overall global business of our company, in some country, let us say in India, 
a RMG or gaming category reaching close to around 20% odd but when I look at it 
overall across emerging markets globally, it balance out. What level of granularity of 
diversification do we go? Now when we look at the US market, we have already 
qualified in my commentary in last couple of quarters that fintech has caused some 
impact there. The way I want you to look at our business is that it is a diversified 
broad-based growth business and in that sense it is naturally derisked.  

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
11 
 
 
Therefore, even if we say that we would have done maybe Rs. 23-24 Crores more 
business with the RMG, that would still keep it around 20% odd or lesser as a whole 
sort of space within India. If you look at any other Adtech player in the India market, 
they are probably way more deeply over calibrated. I would say almost all of them, 
whether it is the publishers or the partners, are easily at around 50% odd plus in the 
gaming category. Globally, if you look at any Adtech company, they will have more 
than 50% to 60% or in some cases 80% of the business is coming from gaming category.  
 
We are a well-diversified broad-based company and if we were not, we would not 
have survived. When the US and developed markets took a hit we were still able to 
cope up because the rest of the 75% of business India and emerging market was doing 
well. When RMG had an impact we qualified it proactively, but the rest of India is 
still able to neutralize that impact because we are a broad-based company. Yes, some 
vertical will have an issue in some country but you must also take confidence from 
the fact that it is a well-diversified business. It makes me sleep much better knowing 
that we have naturally derisked ourselves by being broad-based and well-diversified. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Just to add one thing what Anuj said was we would have done 20% on Y-o-Y growth.  
Arun Prasath: 
Yes, thanks Kapil. My second question is on the margins especially the inventory & 
data costs. It used to be around 50% to 55% and then we did quite a few acquisitions 
and then we also qualified that some of those increase in the cost is because of the 
investments. Now, the growth, especially in the couple of verticals, is under some 
pressure, is there any scope for us to revisit the strategy and reduce the near-term 
investments? Of course, for long term we need to invest but is there any scope for 
inventory and data costs going back to 55% to 58% rather than currently at around 
60% to 62%? The cost is going back to those levels because there are some headwinds 
in these categories. Is it right to keep investing in some verticals or is it something 
that is under review? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Sorry, which verticals are you suggesting that we should not be investing in? 
Arun Prasath: 
Not at a specific vertical level but overall the growth in some countries has 
moderated. Is there any plan to reduce and go back to those levels of cost and cut 
back inventory & data costs? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Probably, you have already observed that we are an assertive growth-oriented 
company. Unless we are forced to, I do not think we will play defensively. This is 
important to know what is the DNA of the company. Of course, it has to be balanced 
strategy where you play aggressive and defensive both. You cannot play one, but 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
12 
 
anybody who knows us well would know that we will continue to be an aggressive 
growth oriented player and our postures would hardly ever be defensive by default 
and therefore I would not pull back.  
 
I would say that there is a great opportunity for us. Around 74% of our business is 
emerging markets. One vertical here or there is not going to change Affle’s overall 
posture, but we need to be a market conqueror in these places. We are investing in 
our products. We are future proofing our products and capabilities. We have a 
differentiated proposition. We are going and winning the ecosystem. We are building 
ecosystem partnerships that will lock in premium relationships and partnerships for 
4-5 years. That is the kind of posturing we are doing, so there should be no pullback 
and quite frankly we are not trying to optimize for a percentage point here or there.  
 
We are doing what is right for our business with a long-term view and that is what we 
are doing even when we were turning around in the US. The focus was not only that 
turnaround quantitatively and deliver some number because we need to get back to 
those numbers. It was to fundamentally strengthen what we were doing in that 
market. It is like you do not renovate your house just to be at the same level as it 
was before. You renovate because you want to make it much better. In 2023, we have 
done that renovation, rebuilding the stronger foundation and there is no reason for 
us to be defensive to optimize and pull back anywhere. We have a very good market 
position and we need to keep on pushing forward and we will keep doing that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Shobit Singhal from Anand Rathi. Please go ahead. 
Shobit Singhal: 
I have couple of questions. First, what was the contribution from YouAppi and the 
organic growth during the quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would let Kapil answer the split of organic to inorganic but qualitatively, I just want 
to make two comments before Kapil goes into the detail of the answer. YouAppi, 
unlike the other past acquisitions which were done in the Covid periods, YouAppi was 
post-Covid transaction.  Given that, we had built our confidence both with good cases 
and some complications with acquisitions which are always inevitable. Our confidence 
was higher so we built the thesis of integrating YouAppi within one year and I am 
confident that we will be able to integrate YouAppi fully within our system in less 
than one year. We are already seeing very positive engagements in terms of what we 
have managed to achieve so far. With that as a backdrop, Kapil, over to you to answer 
the split of organic and inorganic. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
13 
 
Kapil Bhutani: 
For the Q3 FY2024, YouAppi revenue contribution is close to 14.5% and EBITDA 
contribution is about 9.8% of our consolidated EBITDA. 
Shobit Singhal: 
Second question is around international business. If I exclude YouAppi, we have seen 
a better performance in international business. Could you give us some sense in terms 
of the US business? Where is that standing now and what is the expected growth rate? 
Whether things are aligning with our plan? Additionally, if you could share information 
on our performance in the other emerging nations apart from India? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Well thanks for your question. Yes, it is correct that international markets are growing 
well. I covered that in detail in my commentary. Around 74% of our quarterly revenue 
comes from India plus global emerging markets and we are doing exceptionally well. 
Of course, in international markets we are doing very well as well and the developed 
markets turnaround has helped us. Earlier, global emerging markets and in India we 
were consistent, barring the RMG situation in India. However, in developed markets, 
we were seeing a pullback for all this time and that is the reason why you are seeing 
of international not growing as much. But now, with the developed markets, which 
were earlier degrowing, we have managed to turn this around to get it back to the 
growth trajectory, so you are seeing a positive impact. For next 3-4 quarters, you will 
continue to see consistent growth in developed markets in the international markets 
overall. I am very bullish about it and do not see any reason disturbing that.  
 
In terms of more color on specific non-India emerging markets, we are doing broadly 
well across Latin American markets, the rest of Asia-Pacific emerging markets and 
Africa. Overall, global emerging markets are a strong anchor for us. The unit 
economics of India as well as global emerging markets is tough for other competitors 
to play in and therefore Affle’s approach and strategy is able to create the right kind 
of premium pricing to do profitable business. These markets are harsher territories 
for other competitors. Yes, there are competitors but we have a competitive moat 
which is stronger than others in these markets and that is how we are anchored.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Vikrant Gupta from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance. 
Please go ahead. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
I have two questions. Firstly, if you could talk about the mobile advertising industry 
in India in 2023. What sort of growth rate did the industry grow at and how do you 
think the Affle India grew after adjusting for the impact that we quantified on the 
RMG side? Are we growing faster than the industry or slower than the industry? What 
is your sense and how is the growth for the industry as we exit CY2023?   

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
14 
 
 
Second, on the margins, in Q3 FY2024 despite the strong revenue growth, where we 
generally see a margin expansion, which did not come true because of the 
investments that you talked about. As per your commentary, these are front foot 
investments and you like to continue to invest to get that growth in developed 
markets. What is your view on the margin trajectory of the acquired entities which 
got this developed market exposure? We were thinking that at least directionally the 
margins would be picking up for these entities as you optimized on costs?  Is there a 
rethinking? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for your questions. I will take the second question first because it is more 
specific to us and then I will also talk about the industry, India, emerging markets 
and about mobile ad industry growth.  
 
Now in terms of margin, it is important to see that this is not just usual business and 
growth. One is business-as-usual growth, where there is sequentially continuity. The 
other is a turnaround growth. Turnaround growth occurs when, on quarter-on-quarter 
basis, we were actually coming down in developed markets and then we had to put 
group efforts to lift it back up, to change the entire direction and push it back into 
growth but in a much stronger way. When you got back up, let us be better than 
where we were before. That is the kind of turnaround that you are seeing here and 
therefore, that has to be seen in light of what it took to do the turnaround.  
 
The transparency that we built since May 2023, talking about the fact that, we have 
issues in developed markets, we are seeing degrowth and we need to turn around and 
we will turn it around by end of this year. That commentary, transparency, investing 
into sales and marketing are significant. It is not just sales, I am telling you the 
amount of time and effort on the ground as well as intensity of leadership that we 
have provided to this turnaround. It is of much greater magnitudes and the numbers 
will never show you that. It has taken us a good amount of effort to ensure that we 
turn this around, to change the trajectory.  
 
One of the parameters that the number is showing you is increase in other expenses 
and we have qualified that. If somebody is not confident about their product or 
turnaround capacity, they will not put time & money on its back. I would have not 
put my words and credibility on it that I will turn it around by Q3 FY2024. The fact 
that we believed in our plan, we executed it and we were transparent about it. Now 
you have seen the turnaround together with that, you have seen the symptoms of 
higher other expenses so we are explaining that.  

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
15 
 
 
Now, do we have to consistently keep on investing? No, I do not think so. We do not 
have to be aggressive on the other expenses all the time, but give us at least another 
quarter or so to be sure that the turnaround is indeed steady state and then from 
there, we can put it to the normalization levels and see a margin expansion. I hope 
that has answered your question on the growth commitment and the margin aspect. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
You are saying that we may see moderation but you are not sure yet and you would 
like to wait for a quarter? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would want to reserve my options. I am not going to spend where it is not needed 
but, at the same time, I just want to see how things are going. We will take it up 
maybe in the next earnings call. Therefore, I am not committing that I am going to 
pull it back or it is going to be lesser but you will see it becoming more normalized 
because what happened in the last nine months was a much deeper effort to turn it 
around versus what we would have done otherwise if we were just closing steadily. I 
think that distinction has to be taken note of.  
 
With respect the India market or global emerging markets, yes these markets are 
growing well and in 2023 the growth in mobile ad space would have been easily around 
20% to 25%. However, not all growth of mobile ad dollars in budgets is in the most 
profitable segment. Factors such as pricing, advertisers and payment terms vary 
across ad campaigns and budgets. Affle is playing the premium platform play not only 
because as a public company we have to attain certain level of profitability, but that 
has been the DNA of our company for the last 10 to 12 years. Even if, I want to or 
attempt to change, I cannot because it is deeply seeded in our company - 
profitability, cash flow positive, operations and the margin efficiency.  
 
Most of the sales which comes in our organization involve detailed check on campaigns 
to determine whether we should accept it or not. We check if it deserves to go in the 
system or not. Even if it goes into the system, the algorithm is designed in the way 
that looking for premium conversions and premium pricing. If we are not making 
enough margin there is no point of running that campaign. 
 
The important thing to note is that in India and global emerging markets, there is 
going to be a very good growth for next many years to come and that growth is 
anchored on the simple insight that the Adtech industry is still under-calibrated on 
digital versus the total advertising spends.  
 
In China, US and Europe, the total digital mobile spend has gone up to almost 70% to 
80% of the total ad spend whereas, in India and other global emerging markets it is 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
16 
 
well below half of that. In the coming years, we will see consistent growth in digital 
ad spend in these markets. But because these markets have tough unit economics 
therefore not all growth, revenue and ad campaigns will be deserving profitable 
execution. We need to pick up and therefore my emphasis on premium inventories 
and driving premium conversion so that the advertiser sees a higher ROI and when 
they see a higher ROI they are willing to pay for that and that is what is important to 
analyze our numbers. That lens is very important.  
 
There is no other company in my opinion that are large enough to be analyzed and 
can deliver this kind of profitability on emerging markets. They do not know how to 
operate on these cost structures and these unit economics. The only way is, go CPCU 
and go premium. This is the only way to make money in the emerging markets and 
which is around 74% of our business at the moment. 
Vikrant Gupta: 
I just have one more question for Anuj. I wanted an outlook on YouAppi for FY2025. I 
think you have characterized FY2024 as a year where you would optimize on the unit 
economics of the campaigns they are running and it may not reflect as much at the 
topline. So, where are we in that and how do you think FY2025 would play out for 
YouAppi? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I am very confident that, we have done the right acquisition and more importantly 
post-acquisition we have done the right integration. We are smarter & wiser and we 
have covered our basis based on the learnings of what happened before. Therefore, 
I feel confident to say that with YouAppi we are very optimistic and positive because 
the product integrations, the platform integrations, the people & process integrations 
all of that has moved in way more smoothly than ever before. Either we got lucky or 
we have become better at this as the case might be but I think it is a combination of 
both. My outlook for rest of 2024 and FY2025 with respect to a fully integrated 
YouAppi is very optimistic. I would not want to quantify it any further. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Swapnil Potdukhe from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
I have a couple of questions. First is related to organic growth. If I were to look at 
your numbers for the last five quarters, we have not crossed 15% organic growth in 
any of these quarters. I understand that can be partly explained by your weakness in 
the developed markets. What I failed to understand is that when the underlying 
market, India especially, is growing 20% to 25%, why are we not being able to 
compensate for that and at least come closer to the market growth? Logically that 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
17 
 
should have been the case. However, we were grown in low single digit in some 
quarters so that disconnect is something which is not clear. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I will explain to you the math. If your business is growing 25% in India and global 
emerging markets organically but in developed markets your business is coming down 
by $3 million to $4 million every other reporting period, you would see the overall 
reporting being normalized down. There is nothing I can do about that math except 
for telling our investors that we were not doing well in developed markets and we 
were seeing a pullback and we are trying to turn it around. Now, I am telling you that 
we have turned it around successfully and therefore you see that the revenue has 
grown.  
 
If this quarter also, developed markets would have pulled itself down instead of going 
up, I will still be telling you the same discourse that okay we tried to turn it around 
and the turnaround did not happen and therefore our growth is not there in the last 
three to four quarters. We have been seeing this consistent pullback in developed 
markets. The numbers are coming down. It is not about staying stagnant or growing 
lesser. It is coming down and is negating some of the growth.  
 
On one side we were turning around developed markets, on the other hand we saw 
RMG in India has an issue. After the Q1 FY2024 earnings in July or August, the 
announcement on GST was made.  There were these few significant pullback events 
and yet with all of that we ended Q3 in December with the results that I have 
announced today. We ended it with the preferential issuance of Government of 
Singapore investment, with 15 patents filed and turnaround being achieved. 
Qualitatively and quantitatively, in every way, our financial balance sheet, our 
intellectual balance sheet and our market position all of that has turned around.  
 
2023 was a year, where you were living in Affle which was being renovated, fixed and 
at the same time punching ahead. We have finished all of those projects, we have 
fully renovated, our foundations are strong and now we are living and breathing and 
saying “wow, we are entering 2024 calendar year stronger than ever before.” It was 
a tough year no doubt but if you are trying to make sense of the numbers and the 
math, the only way to make sense of it is India and global emerging markets 
consistently growing well till a pullback in RMG come in. Developed markets were 
pulling it lower therefore the reporting for last four quarters was always not the usual 
one from Affle.  
 
This is the fifth year since we went public and we navigated all the challenges with 
almost perfection and I think everybody started believing that in Affle nothing will 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
18 
 
ever go wrong. But it is not like that. Affle is also another company which is exposed 
to all kinds of things. But, this was an important moment, a significant challenge 
post-Covid came, how we dealt with it, how did we communicate our action plan 
since May 2023 till now to deliver a turnaround. I am deeply satisfied with how our 
team has performed in that context.  
 
Has it changed the thesis of growth of the company? Is India and emerging markets 
going to grow slower now? No, nothing like that. It is what it is. We are reporting 
transparently and trying to make everybody understand how we are executing. I am 
very happy with where we are. 
Swapnil Potdukhe: 
Just slightly extending that point. Would it be fair to say that the worst is behind us 
and now we should start factoring in more than 20% organic growth on overall 
consolidated basis? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I would love to say that but I have been advised by our IR team/ senior team to be 
conservative. There is no reason to be over conservative in guidance on what you 
should calibrate in your models. It gives us a chance to over deliver and surprise you. 
For me that makes a lot of sense, please go ahead and model us conservatively and 
allow us to come back to you with positive results. My state of mind is very clear - I 
want to grow this company and keep it growing disproportionately but most 
importantly with much better profitability than any other Adtech industry player in 
the world. For next five years I would like to see Affle to set a benchmark that this is 
how you run an Adtech company and I think we will set a great example if we can do 
that. That is what we will work hard for.  
 
From that qualitative message, if you can do a conservative modeling please do so 
that.  It will be much better versus if you are always putting it aggressive then we 
will always be under more pressure which we should not be. Because we should 
execute to how the situation on the ground is. 
Kapil Bhutani: 
Swapnil, just to add to what Anuj answered to the previous question raised by Vikrant. 
We like to keep the short-term guidance in a muted state because we need one more 
quarter to be very sure on how our turnaround plan is working. We have done it for 
one quarter and let us give one more quarter before we come to the next earning call 
to give you a more concrete vision around it. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Also, next quarter is significant because there will be no festive season. Even if the 
turnaround has truly happened it is not a festive season turnaround. It is turnaround 
that must continue to show without the festive season. Our teams are working really 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
19 
 
hard and we are on the right track. We should come back with positive outcomes but 
let it be one more quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Just wanted two to three data points and one question. 
If you could tell what is the current RMG mix if we could share that? Is the non-CPCU 
business going down in this Q3, is recalibration of our contract in the CPCU part or it 
is also because of decline in the RMG business. These are the clarifications.  
 
Just one incremental thought, Anuj if you could share - You said that the 50% odd or 
whatever percentage people are spending in digital should go higher for emerging 
market just like the Western world. Do you think this advancement would be function 
of a better outcome that Adtech player like you can deliver for them? Is it more about 
their awareness about spending on the premium inventory as you highlighted or it the 
general adoption that would happen on its own natural pace?  
Anuj Khanna Sohum: I will take the second question first. The thesis of having the conviction in Adtech 
space for next three to five years, especially on India and emerging markets, is 
broadly anchored on two key aspects. First, we as consumers are deeply spending our 
time on digital, our attention is completely consumed by digital connected devices 
and that is not likely to change anytime soon in the next three to five years. The 
youth or rural to urban all demographics of users, we can safely say next three to five 
years everybody would be spending around 75% to 80% of their attention span on 
digital media. On the other hand of the ecosystem, the advertisers have no option 
but to calibrate up and to catch up to spend their ad spends also in proportion of 
where the consumer’s attention is going. It is a cause and effect.  
 
The consumer has already been on the devices, why is the advertiser not catching 
fast enough. I started Affle in 2005 and since that time, I believe mobile should be 
the dominant media and it took a long time. We are turning 19 years old now as a 
company and still it is under calibrated. It is only a natural course inertia time. It is 
inevitable that the spending of the advertisers on digital needs to double up from 
where it is right now. In terms of percentage, I think it has to get into around 70% to 
80% zone eventually and I think three to five years is the time for that.  
 
It will have many things. It will have regulation support, technology support and it 
will have players like us who are saying better ROI, Gen AI and a lot of other things 
but the fundamental thing is the consumer trend. More and more people are 
transacting higher value and higher volume on mobile and digital.  This is the answer 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
20 
 
to your second question. If I may bother you, could you kindly repeat your first 
question. It will help me to answer. 
Rahul Jain: 
It was data point. What is the RMG mix a year back? A reverse math suggested 20% 
plus or so. What percentage it would be now? Any data would help here. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Yes I would say around 20%. It is not reverse math, I am actually stating that number. 
Considering the budgets, at the beginning of the year i.e. pre-GST time, we 
forecasted what is going to come in this financial year in the various quarters. When 
I look at those plans,  we see that we should have grown comfortably in India over 
the Rs.150 Crores plus revenue. However, this pullback in RMG which we have 
discussed extensively, has impacted our projections. It took away the profitability, 
changed unit economics and therefore impacted the ad campaigns which are 
eventually going to deliver.  
 
There is an impact and there is no running away from it. The way to solve this problem 
has also been provided some insight. We should just see it as it is a blessing that Affle 
has a diversified broad-based business and these situations will happen in the industry 
and some will be for a few quarters and some will be for a year. However, I am 
confident that we will navigate through that gracefully and sensibly. 
Rahul Jain: 
One last question. What led to the non-CPCU part of the business going down is it re- 
contracting? 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: No, it is not re-contracting. I will highlight the case study that we shared. Non-CPCU 
campaigns are basically branding or some other forms of ad campaigns that are 
running.  If you look at the case study, it is FMCG customer, which is typically doing 
branding campaigns. Even for those categories of products, we are increasingly seeing 
greater adoption of conversion led metrics and doing CPCU business, running ads to 
drive users, high intent users to e-commerce stores to convert and create a purchase 
transaction. We are seeing more and more people adopting CPCU business. It is a 
natural phenomenon.  
 
For all practical purposes, you have to see Affle as a conversion led consumer 
platform company. Within that space, there will always be some advertisers who want 
to use our platform and intelligence to run other forms of campaigns and we would 
not stop that. However, our endeavor is always to encourage them to drive ROI and 
conversion because that is how we are positioned and how we want to be known. 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
21 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from line of Aditya Chandrasekar from UBS Group. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: I just have a quick question on the Connected TV (CTV) space. We are seeing the 
expanding universe of CTV.  I just wanted to get your thoughts on how Affle is 
performing in this segment especially on the CPCU model that you rolled out recently? 
Thank you. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thanks for that question. I love forward-looking questions and especially when they 
are on our products where we are doing well. CTV is an important aspect of what we 
are doing not only because this is an expansion in the market where we are seeing 
linear TVs budgets getting spent into CTV budget.  It is expanding the digital pie more 
because of TV spend over to digital in this particular manner so this is of course a 
strategic area.  
 
It is also strategic for us because it is fits well with our connected devices discourse. 
In any household, there will be one or two connected TVs and several smart mobile 
phone devices. Now, how do you create the appropriate contextual sort of 
engagement and recommendations and experiences for these households is an 
important aspect in how we run a campaign. The business on CTV is doing well. In 
fact, across all verticals we are blending CTV as integrated proposition.  
 
For example, in North America it is an integrated proposition. We are going and selling 
mobile and CTV, at least the pitching from the sales team and going to the customer. 
All of that is happening in an integrated fashion and it is seen by our customers. We 
also got direct feedback that we are one of the few companies that is pitching it as 
an integrated proposition of connected devices of CTV plus mobile. Some of our 
competitors are now starting to catch up with that and talk about it. It is doing well 
for us.  
 
It is building thought leadership for us and qualitatively in emerging market. CTV is 
still at a more nascent level as the market size is not large enough. In developed 
markets, CTV is a much bigger phenomenon already. However, when we go there as 
a combined proposition of mobile plus CTV and presented with our CPCU business 
model it is being received very well by the customers. Our sales team feels more 
confident that we have a differentiated way to go to market, which is helping us in 
many ways. 
Aditya Chandrasekar: A quick follow-up. Do you get any kind of data from CTV or is there any technology 
evolved for the CPCU model to work well in that segment? 

Affle (India) Limited  
February 05, 2024 
 
22 
 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: CPCU model is a calibration which absolutely works in a scenario where you combine 
CTV together with mobile. That is why I was explaining to you that it is CPCU on 
connected devices. Connected devices meaning in a household the CTV is not an 
isolated device. CTV shows ads to a consumer in household, in that household 
consumer is also using the smartphone. If there is a conversion, it occurred because 
you showed the CTV ad together with mobile or you showed only on mobile or CTV 
then it becomes more of a question of attribution.   
 
When we do CTV business, we go to the advertiser and say this is our product, give 
us your campaign and we will drive a conversion with the consumer. That consumer 
is having this connected devices access and we are able to hopefully deliver. The 
campaign will run across CTV and mobile as a combined pit with all the units taken 
into account but you cannot simply isolate and say this is a pure CTV conversion or 
this is a pure mobile. The conversion is always linked to a consumer and the consumer 
will have exposure to more than one connected devices and that is the reality we are 
living with.  
 
CTV as a another ad unit. On mobile you can show a video ad, while on CTV you can 
show a video ad or a banner ad and you can show different kinds of ad formats. The 
end goal is to drive a conversion. Once you drive a conversion, you then attribute and 
say how much was the effect of showing. If you showed the campaign on CTV the 
conversions were higher. However, if you did not show the campaign on CTV the 
conversions were lower. It is kind of data analysis that we are able to show to 
advertisers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen due to time constraint we will take that 
as a last question. I will now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
Anuj Khanna Sohum: Thank you very much for joining our earnings call today and for your insightful 
questions. I have always enjoyed talking about our company and especially in the 
context of the fact that we have achieved the turnaround that we had promised and 
on time. I feel confident, reassured and looking forward to delivering greater 
outcomes in CY2024. I am looking forward to FY2025 starting from April. Thank you 
very much and stay well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of DAM Capital that concludes this conference. Thank 
you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
*** end *** 
