Akzo Nobel India Limited 
9th February 2024 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
1st floor, New Trading Ring 
Rotunda Building, P J Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai - 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500710 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Investor Call Transcript 
AkzoNobelJr_/ 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. 
Exchange Plaza, 5th floor, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Sandra (E) 
Mumbai - 400051 
Symbol: AKZOINDIA
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations 
and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find attached the transcript of the 
investor call conducted by the company on 7th February 2024 regarding the standalone and 
consolidated financial results of the Company for the quarter ended 31 s1 December 2023. 
This has been uploaded on the Company website also and can be accessed from the link: 
https://akzonobel.co.in/investors.php#im 
Thanking you. 
Yours truly, 
For Akzo Nobel India Limited 
Rajiv L Jha 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No. F5948 
Encl: as above. 
Magnum Towers, 9th Floor 
Golf Course Extension Road, Sector-SB 
Gurugram - 122 011 
Haryana, India 
T +91 124 485 2400 
www.akzonobel.co.in 
www.dulux.in 
Registered Office: GectanJall ApartmenA 1st Floor, 88 Middleton Street, Koll<ata- 700 071 CIN: l24292WB1954PLC021516 
Duluxi 
RAJIV 
LOCHAN 
JHA
Digitally signed by 
RAJIV LOCHAN JHA 
Date: 2024.02.09 
13:16:27 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Akzo Nobel India Limited  
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 07, 2024 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
    
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJIV RAJGOPAL – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA R – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AKZO NOBEL INDIA 
LIMITED 
MR. RAJIV JHA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – AKZO NOBEL INDIA LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MANOJ MENON – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
AkzoNobel Limited, hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Manoj Menon, ICICI Securities. Thank you, and over to 
you, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Hi, everyone. It's a wonderful good morning to all of you. As always, it's our absolute pleasure 
at I-Sec to host the conference call of AkzoNobel India. Today, we have, as always, the senior 
management of the company, represented by Mr. Rajiv Rajgopal, Managing Director; Mr. 
Krishna R., our Chief Financial Officer, and Whole-time Director; Mr. Rajiv Jha, Company 
Secretary and Compliance Officer. 
Before I hand over the baton to the management, I just wanted to highlight a couple of things 
about our paints sector view, and how it has evolved over the last few months, few quarters, few 
years and also our take on AkzoNobel. 
 
So we had a negative stance on paints industry for a fairly long period of time. And recently, 
we've changed that stance to recommend investors that for the contrary investor, time has come 
actually to avoid -- continued rather avoid Asian and Berger and have a neutral to marginal 
positive stance on Akzo, Indigo and Kansai for a variety of reasons. 
Specifically, when it comes to Akzo performance, it was pleasing to note in the current quarter 
that the higher brand spend product quality improvements, and more importantly, a lot of product 
upgrades as well. So congrats team for the performance and wishing you good luck as we are 
entering maybe slightly choppy waters over the next 12, 24 months, etcetera. 
And one request to Rajiv would be also to touch upon the recent organizational change. One 
thing I observed was that of India is separate business unit, which reports directly to the parent. 
And I would recommend, as an analyst, that that probably brings in a lot of focus and advantages. 
I request the team also to touch upon some of these qualitative aspects including org change 
aspect. Thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you, Manoj, and thank you to all the investors who've taken time out to join us on what I 
would assume is a very busy morning. So thank you. I would like to thank you for all the faith 
that you've sort of kept and invested in us. 
 
Let me start with what Manoj has said. Yes, there's been an organization change. Effective 1st 
January, India used to report into what is called Southeast, South Asia, where Oscar Wezenbeek 
was the Chairman of the Akzo India entity, as you know, and he was also the Managing Director 
-- BU Managing Director, running Southeast Asia. 
We've decided, I think our CEO, Greg has decided to split it two regions. I fully second it and 
support it because I think what happened in this was only the larger countries of India, Indonesia 
and Vietnam were getting adequate focus. And I think the idea in these markets is to how do you 
still grow not only in the key markets, but also in the smaller markets. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 16 
 
So what we've done is we've created two new BUs - ASEAN, headed by a colleague of mine 
called My Lan. She's based in Vietnam, and South Asia headed by me, I'm based in Gurgaon, 
Delhi. And really, how can we bring speed to market. So really, the organization change now. 
I'm going to run a BU team, which is inclusive. So we'll have obviously a few people who 
worked with me in the India team, but also people from some of the other countries in South 
Asia as a part of the team. 
And our agenda is very simple. How do you empower and drive growth. And the purpose of this 
structure is to multiply the growth over the next few years, right? I also then come to the point 
that Manoj made in terms of choppy waters. I think if you look at the quarter gone by, let me 
just quickly qualitatively run you through it. We will tell you what we've done, and I will ask 
Krishna to add in terms of some of the quantitative stuff, right? 
So first, if you look at the last quarter, I think at a very headline level, if you were to look at 
growth, you would say that, look, it's not very differentiated. Everybody seems to have done 
well. But if you really go beneath the surface, yes, you will see we've had a sharper performance. 
We've had one of the highest contribution margins in the industry. We've had very strong growth 
in the luxury segment in paints, continues to do well. 
Also, some of the adjacencies waterproofing in particular, we continue to do very well. Our 
products are definitely getting rated by customers and consumers is superior. We've just had a 
brand study, which we just came in a few days ago, less than a year ago, where very clearly, 
we've got the highest brand score that we've seen in perhaps a decade, where consumers -- one 
of the greatest achievements really is the brand preference has dramatically shot up and which 
basically means the intent to buy has strongly gone up. 
We've never seen this sort of a sharp rise in the last many years. So I think that's the positive. 
And the reason for that is very simple, that when you’ve got a good quality product, which is 
relatively well distributed and well marketed, and you run a program like Dulux Assurance, you 
give consumers peace of mind because I’ll give you a money guarantee back if there is a problem 
in quality, consistency of coverage, then I think chances of you adopting it is very high. 
If you look at our super premium brands, Dulux Velvet Touch and Dulux Weathershield 
PowerFlexx. These are iconic brands. Dulux Valvet Touch advertising received some of the 
highest scores, and you will see some more new work that we are working on in the next quarter 
when we present to you on these flagship brands as we move forward. I think where we've had 
a challenge in the paints business has been in the mass and economy, where the industry has had 
very strong growth. 
This grew because of distribution growth, but at an average level we -- in what we call we track 
all the value per outlet or same-store growth as sometimes in some of the industries, you call it, 
right? We didn't fare that well. And there are certain reasons we've identified in a few key states, 
where we need to sort of look at it. The competition has been fairly aggressive in terms of 
discounting. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 16 
 
We are a little constrained there, not because of budgets, but because of the fact that we don't 
want to create practices, which are not going to be sustained, right? So I believe in the fact that 
I think distribution is a strong leverage. We've almost crossed 5,500 towns. 
Now 5,700 is the target -- immediate target which the team is working on. -- and I believe now 
with the India now headed by Rohit brings in far sharper focus. With me also now also 
additionally adding weight with Krishna and team also not just at the operational, but at a 
strategic level, we believe that we've got the right to win. 
 
On the coating side, I must say, again, very strong growth. We've seen very strong rebounds of 
our Industrial Coatings business with high double-digit growth. We've seen our automotive and 
vehicle refinish business, again, having strong growth. And our powder coatings business. We 
had a one-off in our marine and protective, which was on a 9-month basis is actually growing 
one of the fastest, but in the quarter because of some orders which have got postponed and now 
a very high base. 
So -- and in all, is what I would say, if you look at our margins, there are two, three reasons why 
we've done well. One obviously, there's been a raw material deflation, which has been seen by 
the industry, but we've also worked on certain programs in terms of driving cost efficiencies. 
Krishna leading a program in terms of war on waste, looking at certain operating leverage and 
also in terms of our factories where we are looking at digitization, not just digitization, it's not 
something that we only look at the front end, but also in terms of the manufacturing part, how 
we can do it. And I think Krishna and our teams are working in terms of how we can create over 
the next few years, be one of the companies that brings in factories, which are going to be carbon 
neutral, right? 
So really, I think we are really, I think, delighted to see that we are able to sustain the momentum, 
and this despite the fact that we've had some players coming in, in the industry, as you know, 
some of the players have come and started pilots in different geographies. But we continue to 
sort of do well. And I think for me, I think the sustained growth is what makes the difference. 
So that's what I would say, Krishna, if I could just request you to add your comments with a few 
numbers and... 
Krishna: 
Yes. So if I have to sum up the quarter gone past, we have achieved the new records across all 
the parameters in absolute terms for both the quarter and for the 9-month period. And how we 
have done is that our focus on the strategic drivers, which has been alluded repeatedly with 
investors and the stakeholders. 
We remain focused on this. And which is building the results consistently. And topline growth 
of 5% and 9 months with the topline growth is in line with that. And we also improved the GM 
percentage by 500 basis points, while EBITDA grew by 27%. So that's largely some of the 
efforts that translated into results. And back to you, Rajiv. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So thanks, Krishna, again, delighted that we won an award on sustainability in the midsized 
category recently, again, shows that the work that we started putting in place with sustainability 
and governance is what we stand tall and in order, yes? And just to come back on the structure. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 16 
 
So India is now a BU. We report directly to Amsterdam. What that helps us obviously speak to 
market. 
Our decision-making is now pretty much in India. And so we are going to get the best of both 
the global leverage and the India leverage moving forward. I think our focus is very simple. We 
are in an industry where we've got a highly respected leader, how do we really make sure that 
we all continue to hold our market shares and could drive growth. 
I think that's a very simple thing. So Manoj, with that, let me now pass it on to all the investors 
who we have questions to ask. And really, I think this is a time for them to ask. So let me pass 
the baton back to all of you. 
Manoj Menon: 
Moderator, could you announce the modalities for asking a question. I know the chat part of it, 
but yes, or could you please announce for the benefit of the larger audience, please? 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. First question is 
from the line of Arkopratim Pal. May I request you to go ahead with your question from Sanjay 
Agarwal Broking Limited. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Based on your latest results, sales growth currently stands at approximately 5%. In this scenario, 
what is your corresponding volume growth rate. Additionally, how will product pricing will be 
adjusted in influence volume growth? Could you share your expectations for volume growth 
within the current quarter? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So look, I think we've had a double-digit growth -- volume growth. Is there in our results 
pretty clearly. And we continue to see that we will get a double-digit volume growth. Right now, 
whether it's 10, 14, 15, 18 is a matter of conjecture, I believe that we should now start getting 
leading growth, volume growth in terms of the industry. 
Look, the price drops have been more or less equalized across all the players. So it's not a point 
of conjecture or debate because it's all pretty similar. So to answer your question, we're looking 
at its double-digit growth, volume growth. We believe that, look, this is the quarter before the 
elections. So we believe that whatever investments in the country happen will happen in this 
quarter. 
We do believe that the month of April will be a bit different, because that's what we've seen in 
every election year, '14, '19, right? So we believe that it would be -- it could be second half of 
April when the election dates are announced and it runs across a month across the country. It is 
a bit tepid in those 2 months. 
So we believe that, look, I think these months will start. Jan was relatively not as aggressive 
because of various reasons. We had the carry fall of excessive rainfall in South, which was 
unseasonal and a little bit of heavy winter in North, but still has been reasonable. So I do think 
that, look, we are maintaining a volume growth stand, as I mentioned. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Yes, yes, sir. Your operating profit margin is currently around 17%. Could you please elaborate 
on any potential changes in OPM that might be anticipated for this current quarter? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 16 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Krishna? 
Krishna: 
Arko normally, we don't give forward-looking guidance in terms of the financial metrics. 
However, as we explained our intent is to deliver the profitable growth and enhance the 
shareholder value, yes? Thank you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So just to -- Krishna saying is, I think they are very comfortable for us, when you look at EBIT 
margins, etcetera, we know where we are as a challenger player. For us, really, it's about holding 
it and then saying, how can we reinvest in our brands, people, and business. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay, okay. And I'm talking about all while actually your company's recent PBT growth 
reaching approximately 15%, is also nothing that competitor like Asian Paints have achieved 
32% growth. Similarly sales growth sits at around 5% compared to JSW Paints ambitious goals 
of 2,000 crores in just 3 years. 
In light of this comparison, could you elaborate on the factor contributing to your company’s 
current growth trajectory. Additionally, what are your expectation of the current demand 
scenario and your roadmap for achieving more competitive growth?  
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay so look -- so I said, thank you. Can you hear me? 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Yes, yes, I hear you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I said, thank you. We cannot comment on other’s expectations or illusions of what they will do, 
right? In fact... 
Arkopratim Pal: 
No, no, no... 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Please allow me to answer. Please allow me to answer. 
Arkopratim Pal: 
Okay, okay. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
I'm saying players have come in the last four years. They will do certain turnover in 2 to 3 years. 
We've seen 3 years have gone by; we've seen where we are. So I'll -- please allow. I think, look, 
we are living in a market, which has everyday challenges. Our job is to make sure that right and 
continue to grow. 
What you've seen in AkzoNobel India is what I can talk to you about. If you look at the last 2 
years, we've moved into the top two in terms of growth, something that I promised the investors 
5 years ago, right, that it will take me 2, 3 years, speak to all the investors, and if you would have 
attended my road shows, you would have seen very clearly, I have said it, and that's why we've 
achieved. 
And we will continue to make sure that we earn the right to win in our Paints & Coatings 
business. So I think that's not a concern. Look, I think you've got to understand when you talk 
about AkzoNobel and brand Dulux. You're talking of a brand, which is the best-in-class quality, 
brings in best-in-class international leverage through R&D, etcetera, right? So -- and you're 
talking about a company who has the highest levels of governance in the country, right? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 16 
 
So I also feel very proud of being a part of this organization also. And I can say that from a 
growth perspective, we've put a strong map. Unfortunately, we cannot share specifics now. But 
yes, we are very confident that we put a roadmap to address some of the challenges that the 
market will see in the coming times. Hopefully, it addresses your question. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Nilesh Patil from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. Nilesh, 
may I request you to unmute your line from your side, please? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Nilesh, are you there? 
Moderator: 
Mr. Nilesh, may we request you to unmute your line from your side please. 
Manoj Menon: 
Operator, I can take -- Manoj here. Can I take a couple of questions in the chat window, please. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Rajiv, just allow me to read out. I think this was -- and the previous participant did ask, I'm not 
sure it's appropriate. Let me read out because it's something which is there in the public domain. 
So Mayank Toddi from BMC is writing and said, look, despite being an aggressive and old 
player and having many technology and innovative products and increasing coverage to new 
companies like General Paints has already reached INR 2,000 crores in a span of 4 years. Why 
are we having a sluggish growth? And what can we do to achieve? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So I think Manoj first the question to that is, let's understand and we have to break the two parts. 
I think our Coatings business, our growths have been very robust, in line and ahead of the 
industry. So let's come to the paints part, which is where I think the question then sort of is. If 
you look at the bulk of the growth has been coming in terms of economy, what people say value 
segment, is a new English term that I picked up, but basically, it's mass economy category. 
So we participate in these segments. Our strategy is very clear. We participate in the segment so 
that we keep growing our core business, which is our premium segment, which is what we are 
going for, right? So to my mind, that's been the strategy. I would beg to argue that if you look at 
the 9 months results. 
If I look at our results, we've had a growth, which is -- and again, take a 2-year CAGR, okay, or 
3-year CAGR, yes, we are in the top two in the industry. So yes, if you compare it to a 15-, 10-
year period, you may call it sluggish, I take that point, right? But I think that what you're seeing 
is a renewed AkzoNobel India, yes, and not just 2.0, but maybe 5.0 because I think here, we are 
here to make a difference. 
And I think what we are trying to do is to bring a lot more granularity in the way we run our 
business. Look at our premium portfolio, look at our propositions, look at the adjacencies that 
we've launched, right, and reinforce that we are a solid company that offers great value in terms 
of best-in-class quality and international to our consumers. So that's the answer, yes. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes, yes. Thank you, Rajiv. There is a bunch of questions from Laxminarayanan KG from Tunga 
Investments. Can I take one by one? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes, sure. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. I think you answered some of it, but still help me to read it out. So how many tinting 
machines you have now? If I heard you correctly, you said 5,700, right? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Tinting machines, no, no. We have got much more. We... 
Manoj Menon: 
Sorry, stands corrected. So that's the number of towns, yes, sorry. Yes, sorry. Let me read out 
the questions. Sorry, sir. How many tinting machines you have now? And second is, what is 
your dealer count. Point number three, you were available in 4,700 towns in FY '22. On a 
previous call, you mentioned you will scale to 7,500 to 8,000 soon. Where are you in the 
journey? And what is the dealer margins you give now, the range? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So let me go one by one. Our total outlet coverage, we are crossing almost about 23,000 to 
25,000 is the range that we should be in a year's time. Tinting machine hence is almost about 
18,000 to 20,000 because you see our capture of tinting machines, Akzo got very strict capture. 
We look at our revenue -- threshold revenue, which is not the way all players do. So it's not a 
like-to-like definition for players, right? I'm giving you a definition, which is a global definition, 
which is very stringent that machine has to give a certain throughput to be called active machine, 
okay? 
So in that any outlet, if you now come down, it comes to about 18,000 to 19,000, that's the sort 
of efficiency. And yes, we have crossed 5,000-odd towns. What I said is 8,000 towns in 2 years' 
time, we are on that journey. Our endeavor is using our micro distributors, what I used to hub 
and spoke. We are on that journey, and we will continue to sort of invest in our distribution to 
reach there. 
So I think these are the 3 questions you asked. In terms of dealer margins, look, dealer margin 
is a very difficult question to answer because it's a competitive play, right? The margins -- the 
dealer margins are, for us, are pretty much in line with the industry, I would say, right, in the 
sense that if you look at our competitive rates, yes, we -- I think the market leader and us may 
be a little more conservative compared to some of the other players in the industry. If I answer 
the question. 
Manoj Menon: 
But is there a range, Rajiv, would be able to mention, the industry practice? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
It's a very wide range, Manoj. It depends on the category in which you sell, right? It could start 
from 9%, 10% and go all the way up to 16%, 17%. So it's a very wide range. It depends on the 
specific product, market. That's a very wide range though. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. Understood. Secondly -- okay, I'll take one at a time now. The sales mix on industrial and 
home. I believe he is meaning decorative there. So it's for industrial and decorative, and how it 
has changed 9 months fiscal '24 to 9 months fiscal '23?  
Krishna: 
It's largely in line as we disclosed previously 65% is decorative than the industry is somewhere 
around 35%, which is largely in line, and it stands today. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Manoj Menon: 
But I would assume that you would have -- the industrial -- the non-deco would have increased 
in salience, right, given that it has been growing faster. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So very marginally, Manoj. You're right. So when you say 65%, 35% over a longer timeframe, 
when you take -- that's why when you look at a specific quarter right? If you look at the current 
quarter for which the results are announced by the prior quarter, yes, in the one quarter, it was 
even 60-40. 
But on an aggregate, it's between 65 and 63 and 35 and 37, yes, that's the range in which it is it's 
not dramatically different. Paints is also doing well. It's not that paint is not doing well. That's 
what I think. Particularly, the B2B business in for us in the decorative side has done very well. 
Manoj Menon: 
Basically, understood. Second, again, sales mix in decorative by premium, standard and 
economy, 9 months this fiscal versus 9 months last year. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
We don't do that -- give that, Manoj. But suffice to say for us, I can share is that our premium 
super-premium, what we call the market now calls Luxury has been one of the drivers of growth. 
So that's been the driver of growth. I think we were growing in the last few years in terms of the 
value segment, mass in the economy, led by distribution initiatives. 
We're doing some more work there to try and get that back, where the industry has seen a better 
sort of growth primarily because of the historic market shares and obviously, the consumer 
reach, right, customer reach, right? So that's something that we are still working on, and we will 
have some sort of ways to address that, too. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. And then project business versus non-project business mix. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So the projects business, look, it now constitutes to about 23% of the overall space -- of the 
decorative space has been doing very well. Again, the reason is because that's where we sell all 
our premium propositions. And it's primarily because of the quality. Today, a lot of the people 
who come to us. If you look at all the iconic buildings that we are coating, it's largely because 
of the quality of the product that we offer. So we don't need any brand & advertising there. It's 
basically quality that gives us the volumes. 
Manoj Menon: 
Very clear, very clear. and Metro top cities salience versus non-metro mix? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So there the metro salience is slowly coming down relatively because; a, for us, the metro 
performance has been slightly weaker over the last 2 quarters and also because of our distribution 
initiatives, etcetera, the non-metro growth have been faster, but that's expected, right? 
I mean that's expected when you drive distribution that the non-metro contribution will start 
increasing over a period of time, Manoj. So that's built into our plan. There's nothing which is a 
bit of a surprise or concern at this point of time. 
The concern is the fact that a couple of states, and I think some of the other players have also 
mentioned, whether it's some of the Eastern states and Kerala more a bit of a challenge. Kerala 
started slowly getting back. We still have a few challenges in some of the eastern states. I think 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 16 
 
that's the only concern for us. And we put an action in place there, both in terms of structure 
organically, we are going to do some work and also in terms of investments, so that will address 
it. 
Manoj Menon: 
Very clear. And lastly, in this segment, where have you gained market share? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So we believe -- look, we've continued to gain heavily in the premium segment. But at an overall 
level, we also believe because of adjacencies, etcetera. We continue to gain share. Primarily, 
that's what our internal numbers estimates that we pull and that's fairly accurate because it also 
shows us when we were dropping a few years ago, right? 
So we believe that's a time and tested study for us now. And we believe that we are gaining 
shares now a little higher than about 9 to 10 states now, which is a good relief compared to the 
fact that many years of Krishna used to come from 3, 4 states, right? So that's where we are, I 
believe. Yes, we are really doing well in geographies now. 
So I think that's the thing that we are pretty pleased with. But we've yet to move forward, Manoj, 
to really getting it across the country. I think that's the execution excellence part that we still 
need to as our team get the teams to completely align to. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. Operator, I found Mr. Mayank Todi there in the voice queue. Is he still there? 
Otherwise, I can continue with the chat questions? 
Moderator: 
No, sir. He's not in the voice queue anymore, sir. Do you want me to announce? 
Manoj Menon: 
No, no, which is okay. You can announce actually, so then I can get back to the chat after that. 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. one moment. Sir, you can go ahead. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay. In fact, this question is from Mayank Todi of BMC Advisories. Will this 5%, 6% growth 
rate continue, or we are aiming to achieve higher growth rate, and how can we achieve? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So look, I think the answer is a bit mixed, and Krishna, feel free to answer the question. Look, 
there will be a gap between value and volume primarily because you've just seen the sort of price 
drops that have got announced. So that's obviously not going to apply for the full year, Manoj, 
okay? So whatever price drops have happened in December, Jan... 
Manoj Menon: 
Hello? 
Moderator: 
Sir, we are unable to hear you. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Manoj, can you hear us? 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir, we can hear you now. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 16 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Okay, okay. So all I was saying is, look, there will be a bit of a gap between value and volume. 
Our challenge is, how are we're bridging it, largely through better mix realizations and driving 
some actions in some of our key categories, making sure that we are able to partake some of our 
new product innovations that we'll bring during the later part of the year. Those are ways that 
we are looking at addressing it. Krishna, you want to add something? 
Krishna: 
No. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So that's, Manoj, to my view of the way we are going to sort of look at it. We believe that 
we should continue to sustain good double-digit volume growth as we move forward. 
Manoj Menon: 
Very clear. Next one is from Rohan Kale of Ingrid Capital. How much does project business and 
premium rates contribute to decorative sales currently versus 2 years back? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
No, I did answer that question. I think projects, I just mentioned, Manoj. We moved from 2023 
right, that's the answer. And premium, we don't answer because that's -- we don't give segment-
wise results... 
Manoj Menon: 
Absolutely, absolutely. And in fact, your disclosure standards are one of the best in the industry. 
Okay. The next one is from Alisha Mahawla. She's asking -- from Envision Capital. She's asking 
to have we taken any price cut during the quarter or in 9 months fiscal '24? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Yes. So we took the 2 price drops that we have taken recently in December. And we've just taken 
one in January, which works out to approximately 3%, right? 
 
Put together, 3%, yes. Both price drops, that's broadly in the paints side. Coatings side, there's 
been very little price drop. That is based on... 
Krishna: 
It's a contract specific. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
It's a contract-specific pricing. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes, yes. Fair enough. Sir, one question from my side on this pricing bit. Given that you're over-
indexed on premium and luxury, is it fair to assume that the price actions requirement for you 
as an organization decorative would be far lower versus the peers? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, we are very clear here. We will sort of match pricing. We're not going to give any 
operating leverage to any player in the market, right? And we will continue to build and grow 
the brand, right? And that's the way I want to drive the business. We are not going to give 
anybody any unfair advantage in terms of room to play. 
Manoj Menon: 
Very clear. Understood, understood. And getting back to the questions from Lakshminarayanan 
KG. He's got couple of questions on strategy. One, what are your strategic priorities for fiscal 
'25? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So I think in terms of strategies, I would only call the same things that I've been saying over 
many years, which is build the brand, make the brand a little more iconic, really how -- strong 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 16 
 
distribution network because the business is there. How do you accelerate growth in the 
categories will drive the growth. 
So for us, still work to do in the mass and economy segments, particularly, which the market 
now calls value segments, right? Those are the 3 key priorities really. And more importantly, 
how do you make sure that your people agenda you're doing well. In fact, Manoj, what I fail to 
answer because the question didn't get asked is that we've had one of the highest scores. 
We've done an internal people study called Voices globally and India got a score of 4.2, which 
is one of the highest scores. So I think also tells you in terms of the mood of the people, right? 
So there we realized that, look, the market is going to get a little volatile in the months ahead. 
We, as a team, I think, we believe that we really want to thrive during such an opportunity. 
It gives us an opportunity to bring to the market the best of what we have, and again, showcase 
how each of us can add value to the company and to the industry. 
Manoj Menon: 
And lastly from Laxmi, is when compared to the industry leader in decorative, where are the 
portfolio gaps for you? And when will you address this? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, when you compared to some company, which is a fairly big growth -- look, I always 
believe in life when you fight a battle, don't look at the size of the company, right? You focus 
on terms of your strengths and your -- so we will continue to build on our strengths. Obviously, 
when you look at the -- I think the question that there's a huge gap in terms of the mass and 
economy segments, right? 
And we are building a portfolio. But we are -- we've crafted a differentiated path for ourselves, 
Manoj, right? In fact, in the brand research, one of the things -- we are the only brand, which is 
now seeming differentiated. And I would be delighted if you guys also do a survey and tell me 
what your findings are in the industry. 
Very clearly, the consumers are telling us that yours is the brand, which is differentiated in the 
industry. So very clearly, that's what we wanted to do. That's what we are seeing consumers 
facing to tell us that we are doing, and that's what we'll continue to do. Our job is to bring the 
best of some of the global brands and some of the best-in-class quality international, right? And 
the fact that Dulux is also about lets color. How do we bring color to people's lives. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood, sir. Next one is from Dipen Sanghvi from Enam Asset Management. Two questions 
there. One, considering the raw material cost deflation, product mix change and recent price cuts 
in industry, do you believe that gross margin has peaked out at 44%. Where do you see it trending 
in the near term? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, it's a very difficult question to answer because what the unknowns are far higher, as we 
speak, the impact of what's happened in the rates is still unknown for me. We live in a very 
fragile world today, Manoj. Every day, the new headlines keeps changing. 
So if I assume everything is going to be as is, and there is no further disruptions, then I would 
agree. But I don't think that's the way it's going to happen. I believe that, look, there would be 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 16 
 
certain drivers because you're seeing certain global large economies also having challenges in 
terms of growth, yes? 
So those will add pressures to it. So which way the crude oil is going to go, which way the forex, 
the currency, is going to go is a million-dollar question. I think even some of the best brains in 
the country are going on trying to figure it out. 
So I would leave Manoj, myself, and my team to what we are good at, which is to say that, look, 
we can't predict the external world, but let's know what best we can within what we can control, 
right? And that, to me, I believe that, look, the current margins are the sort of right to win 
margins, and we should try and sustain it. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. But is it fair to say that the risk is actually on the downside and not really margin 
expansion is a very low probability wise? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Absolutely, yes. Primarily because of the portfolio. Because the contribution of premium is very 
high compared to the industry in the Paints business, right? So as you start going to the question 
that earlier was asked, by your other -- the other colleague, right, that if you start playing more 
in the mass and economy, obviously, the margins will sort of obviously come down. So yes, 
you're right. 
Manoj Menon: 
Secondly, Akzo has taken -- this again is from Dipen from Enam. Akzo had taken some price 
cuts in the mass market. It's a question mark. What is the progress on regaining the market share. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
 Yes. So absolutely fair question. I think the reason we took the price cut was because we were 
-- we had at one point started touching 5% premium versus even the market leader, which is not 
sustainable, right? And we had to do that because of the sheer commodity cost inflationary 
pressure that hit us. 
And as a challenger brand, it's very important to be very profitable when you grow, because 
otherwise, your ability to reinvest in people and business starts diluting, right? So that's 
something that we wanted to do. And as we started reading the tea leaves and started seeing the 
deflationary pressures, we wanted to correct it. How have we done? Look, we -- in a quarter, we 
didn't -- if I take 9 months, we are doing okay. Last quarter, we didn't do well. So there are 
certain challenges we need to fix there, and we hope to address that soon in the coming couple 
of months. 
It's not something that I'll be able to immediately address in 1 month, but it will take a couple of 
months because there are certain geographic challenges, pricing challenges in a few markets, 
right? We also don't want to unnecessarily aggressively do a trade spend, which is not a 
sustainable solution in my view. So we are looking at it a little more holistically and working on 
the right way to address. 
Manoj Menon: 
Okay. Next question is from Mayank Todi. He is asking what was the volume growth of this 
quarter -- for this quarter, rather? And how much volume growth we are expecting in the 
upcoming year? 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
 So Manoj, I said double digit. I think in the overall commentary and even in the results, we've 
been very upfront on it. We expect to continue to be in the same region if not higher in the 
coming quarter. 
Manoj Menon: 
And in the next 3 to 4 years, where can we ourselves, given that we are achieving by 5%, 6% 
growth. Understand the question, so I'm just reading it again. In the next 3, 4 years, where can 
we see ourselves given that we are achieving 5% to 6% growth? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Look, I think 5% to 6% is a this-year phenomenon, and that's happening because your volume 
growth is leading the value growth primarily because of the price gap, right? See ultimately, 
what is value? Value is volume, price, mix, right? These are the three variables, Manoj? So the 
volume is going up. 
But your problem is your price has come down compared to the last year. That will end by 
December this year. So if you look at a 2-, 3-year phenomenon, we should be back. I think, look, 
pricing will come back right? Because the company has to also have better inflationary cost, 
people salary cost and other inflationary cost that need to bear. So pricing will come back. 
I believe that both in this industry, right, it will be bearish for a year because of new players, 
everybody wanting their positions. But over a period of time, I don't think -- I think we will get 
back to the scenario that we've seen in '15, '16, Manoj, when some of the world's largest 
companies came into the -- try to come into the market, and were not able to craft any road map 
left. 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. The next question is from my colleague, Nilesh Patil, the investments towards 
premiumization of product portfolio has been stepped up with multiple new products. You have 
upgraded multiple products in decoratives. What are the further opportunities for 
premiumization within decorative segment? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So maybe I should answer this question in the next investor call because otherwise, I will be -- 
but suffice to say that, look, it's right on top of our agent, right? We believe the reduction in 
consumers really have money spent. See, ultimately, whatever you do in terms of 
premiumization has to add value to consumer and must have relevance to consumer. 
If only consumers -- we're only going to buy things if the propositions are relevant to us, and we 
find it appealing. So the challenge for us is really to find those insights because in this industry, 
differentiation is not something which is very huge, right? In any industry, differentiation also 
can be matched over a period of time. 
So we are working on it. We are working very strongly with our global teams. What I'm also 
pleased, Manoj, as a part of this, and I forgot to mention earlier when you asked me about this 
structure is, our R&D center in Thane is now going to be a global sort of feed, right? And so we 
are putting some of the best tools, analytics, etcetera, there so that we are able to also work on 
propositions, which are going to be in periods of time really differentiating. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 16 
 
So that's what we are working on, let's see, keeping fingers crossed, right? Some of these things 
are very difficult because some of the tests, sometimes you do in the lab, how it really responds 
in the market, sometimes is very difficult to predict. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood. Two more questions in question chat. Nirav Savai of Abakkus is asking what are 
the levers on the cost side, which can ensure that current margins are sustainable? What has been 
the volume growth in premium, luxury and value segment? 
Krishna: 
Okay. Thanks, Manoj, I will take this question. And what is our strategic intent is to deliver the 
cost line, which is to support the growth. And we have a continuous improvement program, 
which is running in the multiple formats in terms of different functions. 
And whatever is the cost, which is there, we are only spending where it is needed, be it on people 
front or on the media and the brand spend. Apart from that, all other costs are largely stable, and 
we are trying to bring the efficiencies in optimizing the cost structures, yes? 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes. The second one, you want to take it, but let me just read out still, what has been the volume 
growth in premium, luxury and value segment? 
Krishna: 
 I think Rajiv has explained it. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
We don't break it, we don't it. But Manoj, if you do a double-digit growth and the fact that we 
have not done well in one -- couple of segments, then you can put two and two together... 
Manoj Menon: 
Yes, fair. Fair enough. This is also partially addressed, but still, let me read it out. Dhiraj Dave 
from Samvad Financial is asking you, any research activities carried out in India, what are 
expected new product applications, which shall be expected? Any idea about share of product 
launched in the last 5 years? 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
What do you mean by share of product launched in the -- so look... 
Manoj Menon: 
So I think the NPD contribution is what I think he's asking. Let's say the product is done the new 
product… 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
So for us, maybe -- again, it's a definition of NPI. So I just wanted to find it that what we launched 
this year, we look at till -- because once you complete 1 year, it's no longer than NPD. Typically, 
these contribute to about 8% to 10% of our revenue. 
And how have they done in the last 5 months, I would say about 65%, 70% of our growth have 
come from products, which have really been launched because we launched the economy 
segment in 2021, which is a driver. Waterproofing categories in the last 5 years, right? 
And also revitalize some of our premium brands. So obviously, hence the large percent of our 
growth came from these part, and they continue to do well, Manoj. 
Manoj Menon: 
Understood, sir. That brings me to the end of the chat question queue. [Please announce once 
again for the voice part of it, else we can close the call. 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
AkzoNobel India Limited 
 
 
February 07, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. 
Manoj Menon: 
Krishna and Rajiv, over to you for any closing remarks, and we can close the call, please. Thank 
you so much. 
Rajiv Rajgopal: 
Thank you, thank you. Really look forward to listing to more questions from the investors. I 
think some of the regular people who ask questions seem fairly either they've understood or 
maybe -- and we look forward. We do plan an investor meeting some time, and we will get in 
touch with all of you, and let you know. 
But till then, stay strong. And if you have any further questions or any other thing to ask, please 
do reach out to Rajiv Jha, our Company Secretary, and we would be delighted to sort of answer 
you. Thank you, Manoj, and team, for hosting us, and I wish all of you a wonderful day ahead. 
Thank you. Good day. Bye-bye. 
Manoj Menon: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, and you 
may now disconnect your lines. 
