 
 
                 
 
 
Corporate office 
: 207/208, Udyog Bhavan, Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai – 400 063. Maharashtra, India. 
  Tel: +91 22  40332727 / 66942507  
Fax : +91 22 26860011            GSTIN: 27AALCS8686A1ZX 
 CIN: L51900MH2008PLC180452  E-mail: supriya@supriyalifescience .com   Website: www.supriyalifescience.com 
 
Factory                 : A-5/2, Lote Parshuram Industrial Area, M.I.D.C.  Tal.– Khed, Dist. – Ratnagiri, Pin :415 722, Maharashtra, India. 
                                          Tel: +91 2356 272299          Fax: +91 2356 272178           E-mail: factory@supriyalifescience.com  
 
GOVT. RECOGNISED EXPORT HOUSE 
 
 
Date: February 13, 2024 
 
To,                                                                          To,                                
BSE Limited                                                         National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                                   Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G 
Dalal Street, 
                                                     Bandra Kurla Complex 
Mumbai – 400 001                                                 Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543434                                              Scrip Symbol: SUPRIYA                                      
 
Dear Sir (s), 
 
Subject: Transcript of the Earnings Call for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 
2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015 we hereby enclose the transcript of the Earnings call held on Thursday, February 8, 2024 at                    
11.00 A.M. IST to discuss operational and financial performance of the Company for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Supriya Lifescience Limited 
 
 
 
Shweta Singh 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
Membership No.: A44973 
 
 
SHWETA 
SHIVDHARI 
SINGH
Digitally signed by 
SHWETA SHIVDHARI 
SINGH 
Date: 2024.02.13 
11:22:33 +05'30'

Page 1 of 20 
 
 
“Supriya Lifescience Limited 
Q3 and 9-Months FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 08, 2024 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. SATISH WAGH -- CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR -- SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
DR. SALONI WAGH -- WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR -- 
SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
MR. KRISHNA RAGHUNATHAN -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER -- SUPRIYA LIFESCIENCE LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. IRFAN RAEEN – ORIENT CAPITAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 and 9-Months FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Supriya Lifescience Limited. As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in 
the listen only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Irfan 
Raeen from Orient Capital. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Irfan Raeen: 
Thank you, Manuja. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited, I 
extend a very warm welcome to all participants on Q3 and nine-months FY24 financial 
discussion call. 
Today on our call, we have Dr. Satish Wagh sir, Chairman and Managing Director, Dr. Saloni 
Wagh, Whole Time Director and Mr. Krishna Raghunathan, Chief Financial Officer. I hope 
everyone had the opportunity to go through our investor deck that we have uploaded on 
exchanges and on company's website. 
Before we begin the call, I would like to give a short disclaimer. This call may contain some of 
the forward-looking statements which are completely based upon our belief, expectations as of 
today, these statements are not guaranteed of our future performance and involve unforeseen 
risks and uncertainties. 
With this, I would like to hand over the call to Satish, sir for his opening remarks. Over to you, 
sir. Thank you. 
Satish Wagh: 
Good morning and a warm welcome to all the participants. Thank you for joining us today to 
discuss the Q3 financial year '24 results of Supriya Lifescience Limited. To take us through the 
results and answer to your questions, along with me are Dr. Saloni Wagh, Whole Time Director, 
Mr. Krishna Raghunathan, Chief Financial Officer and our Investor Relations Department, 
Orient Capital. 
I hope everyone got the opportunity to go through the financial results and investor's presentation 
which have been uploaded on the stock exchanges, as well as the company website. I am pleased 
to announce our manufacturing site in Lote Parshuram, has received a good manufacturing 
practice that is GMP certification from the Regulatory Authority of Brazil, ANVISA, which 
covers a maximum of seven to eight big countries in the Latin region.  
The success of the rigorous GMP inspection understood Supriya's commitment to the highest 
quality standards. The clearance of this audit marked the successful registration of 8 APIs with 
CADIFA and will further enable smoother and faster registration of the company for the other 
APIs and will help us to acquire more customers in the Brazilian pharmaceutical market. These 
8 APIs have 20* crores sales potential in the next three years. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 20 
 
In this quarter, we plan to file 3 CEP and 3 US drug master files for anti-gout, anaesthetic, where 
we are already strong for a couple of years, and anti-allergic products. During the quarter, the 
company aggregate sales increased by 33% compared with the corresponding quarter of the last 
year on account of the wider marketing footprints. 
As you are aware, Supriya is the market leader for supplying some of the anaesthetic products 
and taking advantage of the world market presence and good track record on the regulatory front. 
Supriya has selected some life-saving drugs in the same therapeutic category. Supriya started 
the molecules development activity a year back and now this product is ready for commercial. 
I would like to give a highlight on the market number in brief. The global market is valued at 
$300 million and is expected to exhibit a CAGR of 4.4% over the forecast period of 2023 to 
2030. The growth drivers for the said products are the increasing number of surgeries, increasing 
the prevalence of chronic disorders like cancer and proven standards of surgical care. 
This product market is spread across the globe with North America, Latin America, Brazil, 
Argentina, Mexico, and the rest of the Latin American region. Europe countries, Asia-Pacific, 
the Middle East, and the African market. Currently, the Indian industry depends in -- on China. 
India's Supriya unit is considered an import substitute to China under the Make in India. 
Supriya's API manufacturing facility is ready for manufacturing. Also, considering the forward 
integration, company is in the process of setting up the formulation plant with bottling capacity 
of about 5 million annually. 
With this capacity, the company aims to have a business in the next three years to be around 
10% to 12% of the global market with substantial EBITDA between the range of 26% to 30%. 
As you are aware, we also have our CAPEX plans made for the last -- next three years and 
around INR60 crores has been invested in our CDMO facility. 
This facility also have our API and R&D. The site will be operational in the early quarter 1 of 
financial year '25 and will open phase-wise. Another four new products are in the pipeline for 
the financial year ‘25 launch. These are from the anti-diabetic, anti-anxiety, of course and 
anaesthetic categories. 
With this, I hand over to our CFO, Mr. Krishna Raghunathan, to share the quarter 3 financial 
year '24 highlights with you. Over to you, Krishna.  
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Thank you, sir. Hello, everyone, and good morning. I will now share the operational performance 
of the quarter and following which we will open the floor for questions and answers. Company 
reported a revenue from operations of INR140 crores in Q3 FY24 as against INR105 crores in 
Q3 FY23. EBITDA in Q3 FY24 stood at INR41 crores as against INR14 crores in Q3 FY23 and 
EBITDA margin stood at 29.6% for Q3 FY24 as against 13.4% in Q3 FY23. 
Profit before tax was at INR40 crores for Q3 FY24 as against INR13 crores in Q3 FY23 and 
reported a growth of around 217%. Profit after tax stood at INR30 crores in Q3 FY24 as against 
INR9.5 crores in Q3 FY23. PAT margins stood at 21.6% compared with 9.1% in Q3 FY23. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 20 
 
Moving to nine months FY24 performance, revenue from operations stood at INR412 crores in 
nine months FY24 as against INR319 crores in nine months FY23 and reported a growth of 
around 29% with the previous year. EBITDA in nine months FY24 stood at INR117 crores as 
against INR74 crores in nine months FY23 and EBITDA margin stood at 28% for nine months 
FY24 as against 23% in nine months FY23. 
Profit before tax was at INR113 crores for nine months FY24 as against INR70 crores in nine 
months FY23, registering a growth of around 60%. PAT stood at INR82 crores in nine months 
FY24 as against INR52 crores in nine months FY23. PAT margins stood at 59%. 
There is a small correction in one of the Chairman's speech. The 8 APIs which he was talking 
about has a potential sale of INR200* crores and not INR20* crores as read out by him. That 
was a parallax error. I would like to put it, okay. 
Now we can open the floor for questions and answers and thanks to all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Nirali Shah from Ashika Stock Broking. Please go ahead. 
Nirali Shah: 
Hi, congratulations on a good set of numbers. So I have two questions basically. My first 
question is we see a big jump in EBITDA and PAT margins this quarter. Can we attribute this 
to better pricing environment or is it the seasonality impact? Generally, H2 is better than H1. 
That is my first question. If H2 is better, can we expect a much better growth in the margins or 
the revenue front for 4Q as well? I will ask the second question then later. 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, thanks Nirali for the question. I am Dr. Saloni Wagh and I would like to answer to this 
question. In the last couple of quarters, we have constantly been telling that our portfolio and 
our geographic reach has been changing. 
 
That is one of the reasons why you will see more stable quarters as opposed to the H1, H2 
concentration what we were seeing earlier. We are getting a lot of penetration into the more 
regulated market space. Even if you look at this quarter, our Europe sales have increased 
significantly from 26% to almost 42%. 
 
We have seen a very good traction in anaesthetic products. The anaesthetic segment has actually 
gone up significantly from 21% to 49%. So the main reason why you are seeing the growth is 
because of better traction of the existing set of products like anaesthetic, vitamins in more 
regulated market space like Europe, North America. 
 
And we have always maintained in the last couple of quarters that a sustainable EBITDA margin 
for us is between 28% to 30%. And that is what we would also like to guide for the future 
quarters. 
Nirali Shah: 
Understood, understood. So, basically my next question was that if you could give a ballpark 
number in terms of revenue and margins from a three-year perspective, but as you mentioned 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 20 
 
that 28% to 30% is a sustainable annualized margin guidance that you are mentioning. But just 
one simple question, is that on our conservative side? Should we expect something more? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So there is always, because of the product portfolio that we have and because we operate mainly 
in the regulated market space, there is always a chance. And we have in the past also achieved 
higher numbers, which we have benchmarked ourselves against. So there is always a possibility 
for getting a higher number. 
 
But 28% to 30% in our opinion would be a sustainable number that we can indicate. In terms of 
revenue growth, we have always maintained that year on year, you can expect upwards of 20% 
growth from our side. And that is still the number that we would like to maintain for the next 
three years. 
Nirali Shah: 
Understood. So we have a INR140 crores run rate currently. Calculating that, will we be making 
something beyond INR570 crores on a full-year FY’24 basis? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Krishna here, please don't put any words into the numbers. I think that could be a possibility. 
See, we have guided on our EBITDA and we have said that we would grow our top line by 
somewhere around 20% to 23%. It could be around that number. But we cannot be specific on 
any numbers like this. 
Nirali Shah: 
Understood. Thank you. That's it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Aashish from InvesQ Investment 
Advisors, Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Aashish: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity. So, margins seem to be recovering and you said that around 
20 % growth on the top line is probably what we are looking at. 
 
So, actually we came down from around INR550  crores a couple of years back to these numbers. 
So, just wanted to understand, there are so many things going on in terms of new geographies, 
new facilities that we have, plus existing portfolio of ours. There's been quite an up and down 
on the performance of a lot of molecule that we do. 
 
So, it would be very helpful if you can guide us through the path for the next two years in terms 
of where all you see the business getting traction or even the negatives and try to build a scenario 
how you are taking this business forward because earlier I think we had decently big targets of 
around INR1,000 crores plus of top line. This was two years back after listing. So, it will help 
us investors in gauging how you are planning for the business and how much is doable actually 
on the ground. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Okay. So, definitely the guidance what we have given in the past, that INR1,000 crores in the 
next three years still stands. Growth for us will come in three buckets. The first one is, you know, 
of course, the top three products which the company sells. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 20 
 
 
Those molecules are also growing year on year because of getting repurposed in different 
therapies. So, there is definitely a growth in the top three molecules. Then there is a basket of 
about 8-12 molecules which we have said in the past that we are trying to scale up in the 
regulated market space for which we have now started getting the approval. 
 
So, the recent ANVISA approval where the eight products are registered, that has a potential of 
about INR200* crores in the next three years. Similarly, multiple CEP, US DMF, Japan DMF 
are getting registered. So, those 8-10 products will definitely give a large scale up and their 
contribution to the portfolio in terms of top line as well as bottom line will increase. 
 
So, this is the second basket. So, basically the API portfolio what we currently have will grow 
inherently in the next three years. Other than this, we have large CMO, CDMO opportunities in 
our hand. 
 
Those will also scale up in the next three years. So, that will be another growth area for us. What 
we have announced today, the CMO, CDMO opportunity for an anaesthetic product which is an 
import substitute and which has a very large global market of over $300 million. 
 
Products like this which we are now newly adding into the basket. So, this year, for next year 
we have four products planned for the launch. So, new products also will add. 
 
So, basically the growth in the existing product basket, the new CDMO opportunities that we 
have plus the new products what we are launching all put together will help us to achieve that 
INR1,000 crores mark, in fact, higher than INR1,000 crores mark in the next three years or so. 
Aashish: 
Okay. So, the current product basket that you mentioned, especially the three top products that 
we have, the growth rates can be assumed at what rates? I mean, what would be a fair assumption 
to take over there? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, it is completely product dependent. Certain products in the portfolio are growing at about 
8% to 10% while certain products are growing at about 5% to 7%. So, it is very, very product 
specific. 
Aashish: 
Okay. So, that's around 10%. And rest of the growth is expected from CDMO and CMO projects 
plus the APIs that we are going to. 
 
So, basically, you are expecting maybe a couple of INR100 crores plus of contribution over the 
next two, three years from these lines that you are opening up. Is that right? . 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes. In fact, the contribution from the CMO, CDMO opportunities can be higher. So, this 
announcement that we have made today itself, the anaesthetic product, if you look at the global 
market and if we even assume conservatively a 10% market share, that itself is a very large 
number. 
 
So, you can imagine that the CMO, CDMO opportunities, what we currently have could be even 
higher. I mean, the number what we have said is very conservative. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 20 
 
Aashish: 
Okay. And is this pretty competitive or we think that this 30% or 28%-30% margin that we have, 
we will be able to get in the newer APIs plus the CMO, CDMO? Is that possible? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, everything put together. Yes, yes. So, whenever we talk about a sustainable 28%-30% 
margin that is considered while taking on any new projects, may it be a CMO, may it be a new 
product development, may it be the existing portfolio, all together blended 28%-30% is a number 
that we are extremely confident of maintaining because as a core to Supriya backward 
integration is a very, very important aspect. For any product that we launch, we aim to have a 
completely backward integrated product which helps us with the best cost of the product in the 
market and plus the capacity is what we have set up with the new module E coming in. 
 
We are adding another 350 KL of capacity. So, we will be at 1000 KL capacity, so sort of 
doubling the capacity. So, the large production scale plus the backward integrated business 
model ensures that whatever new products also we are taking, we have the best cost available 
for that product in the market. So, all this put together, we are very confident that 28%-30% we 
will be able to maintain. 
Aashish: 
Okay, lastly, is there anything to worry because you are largely an export dependent company, 
so all these issues on the Red Sea and stuff, is that affecting us anywhere and should we expect 
any surprises on the numbers maybe in the near term or is it all okay right now? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, nothing specific, you know, as such I would say that is a threat or any negative surprise that 
you can expect in the next couple of quarters. Nothing like that. I mean, there is always a 
regulatory challenge which is there because we operate in a highly regulated environment. 
 
But to even counter that, we are in a constant CGMP mode. If you look at our last audit, which 
is the ANVISA Brazil audit, which is extremely complicated and one of the most difficult audits 
to pass, we have cleared with zero observations. So, that speaks volumes of the company's 
compliance status. 
 
So, as such, I wouldn't say that any foreseeable threats or negative surprises. 
Aashish: 
Okay. So, from all the discussions that we had till now, it seems that we are on a recovery path 
and probably there is some firmness in the way you guys are talking and there is some level of 
confidence that I can see. So, is it fair to assume that we are done with the issues that we had 
faced? Is the market more, I mean, more conducive to kind of expecting sustainability and we 
won't have any jerks right now, right? I mean, the way we saw earlier in 2022. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, absolutely. I think we have said it in the past also, the company's aim in the last four, five 
quarters has been to stabilize the product portfolio to reduce dependence on any one particular 
product or one particular geography to make the product portfolio more robust. And that is what 
we have been constantly doing in terms of R&D for our new products, for the new CMO project 
that we are taking, for the new therapies that we are including in the basket. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 20 
 
 
A lot of effort has gone in the last four, five quarters and those results are being seen. We have 
had a consistent performance in the last three quarters and that will continue. I think we have 
worked really hard to sort of diverse any risk what was there in the portfolio. So, I think that is 
now showing and that trend will continue going forward. 
Aashish: 
Okay. And the capex is basically kind of over. I mean, no major investments will be there, I 
guess. I mean, whatever we have. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
I think we have just now announced, no? 
Saloni Wagh: 
We just announced this morning that we anticipate a further INR60 crores capex. So, we have a 
site in Ambernath, which is a 5000 square meter plot, which we have had for some time now. 
And we already have the environment clearance for this particular plot. Because it is classified 
under zero discharge, we were thinking of multiple CMO, CDMO opportunities to do here. And 
because we have a lot of strength in the anaesthetic segment, we have decided to launch a new 
anaesthetic product. 
The API will be manufactured at the Lote Parshuram site. Currently,for the API globally, there 
is a dependence on China. So we are really a boost for that 'Make in India' kind of a movement 
and it would be an import substitute. And the same product, there will be a forward integration. 
So, we are setting up a bottling line in Ambernath for about 5 million bottles a year. 
So, we will be utilizing the Ambernath site very soon. The site is expected to be operational by 
quarter one of FY25. So, we will need additional capex for this activity, which we have assumed 
at about INR60-odd crores in the next two years. So, that is where the capex is. 
Aashish: 
Anything to share on the inventory? Because we had a decently big inventory in terms of the 
sales that we have. So, what is the status now in terms of inventory days? Is it possible to bring 
that down? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Like I had told earlier, I think, see, even in the last quarter, I was saying that there could be 
chances of us reducing by around another INR10 crores. So, I think that has been already 
achieved. I think somewhere around the inventory days are also in a, what do you call, in a very, 
very controlled number as of now. 
 
So, I do not see any challenges on inventory building up from now on, unless and until there is 
going to be one more round of COVID or something. I do not think we will be our inventory 
ranges should be somewhere between INR80 to INR85 crores to around INR100 crores. I think 
that is the number which we are looking at, at this stage. 
Satish Wagh: 
I want to add, Krishna, just a minute. I want to add to the participants. See, people have not come 
in a serious way that Latin America, there is a massive change in the regulatory system in Latin 
America for the last two years. Please understand, last 40 years, China was supplying all over 
the globe. But this time, the ANVISA, which is the highest regulatory authority for Latin 
America for Brazil, has come with their own regulatory system. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 20 
 
They have communicated to the formulators that whoever is supplying currently to Brazil and 
other countries should have a CGMP, GMP certification done by the ANVISA or the regulatory 
authorities like USFDA or EU, like that. If the supplier doesn’t give any documents, he will be 
closed by 2024 March. That's his ultimate loss. And whoever comes with the audit and the GMP 
certification before the ANVISA, he will continue as the second source and a permanent source. 
 
There's a massive change now. 
Aashish: 
Okay. So, like the last call also, I think you highlighted this point that you have been traveling 
extensively… 
Satish Wagh: 
Sometimes people know, sometimes it's very difficult to understand. That's why I have to 
highlight -- The opportunities for the newcomer is very big way they can come. So, India has a 
very good opportunity now. 
Aashish: 
So, sir, in your talks, I mean, you said that Supriya actually has been making efforts over there. 
So, what kind of opportunity you see for yourself? And is the shift from China, I mean, that is 
pretty likely because as you are saying that they wouldn't be as compliant in terms of meeting 
those standards. 
Moderator: 
So, sorry to interrupt, Aashish. Can you please re-join the queue for your follow-up question? 
Aashish: 
Yes. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of A.N. Lodha from Samarthi 
Consultants. Please go ahead. 
A N Lodha: 
Ma'am, I have got three questions, madam. One is about the expansion in Lote Parshuram and 
Ambernath. When can we expect this expansion is to be completed? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, both the expansion, so we are having two expansions currently. The Lote side, we are setting 
up a new module, which we call it a module E. This is a dedicated production block, which will 
have around 350 KL of capacity. So, this will go on stream early quarter one of FY25. And then 
in Ambernath, we already had a site, like I mentioned before. And this site now we have 
refurbished for our bottling activity. 
 
Plus, we are also setting up an API R&D over there. This will also be operational around the 
same time, which is quarter one of FY25. 
A N Lodha: 
Because I am a little bit confused. Because in your presentation, this Lote Parshuram site has 
been quoted as quarter three of FY24. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Correct. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 20 
 
A N Lodha: 
It has been mentioned quarter three of FY24. Therefore, I got the confusion. So, quarter three 
has already been over and the company could have notified for the commercial production. Yes, 
they started production. But anyway, you have clarified everything. 
Satish Wagh: 
Sir, you are right. It is quarter '24 March. It will go into production. But validation batches will 
start because the pharma industry totally is not a regulated industry. You just cannot take a batch 
and go for sale. Three batches were validated. And then, essentially, you have to go for bigger 
batches. 
A N Lodha: 
Okay, sir. My second question is related to our technical tie-up or arrangement with Kalinga 
Technology Institute. Regarding oral cancer detection kit and there are two products. One is scar 
free gel. Can you put some -- what is the development over there, sir? 
Satish Wagh: 
See, currently, both the products we are evaluating for the clinical trials. What are required for 
the commercialization. The clinical trials, etc already are on. Some products might take some 
time. But some other products will be commercialized soon by ‘25 December end or first quarter 
of '26. So, this is the situation because you have to follow the guidelines of the Indian FDA. And 
we have to do certain things. And then only we will submit the file to them. 
A N Lodha: 
Okay, sir. I agree. But we are on track. 
Satish Wagh: 
We are on track. Because that is a $48 billion project. That's why I was wondering. I am working 
very hard on that. 
A N Lodha: 
That's why I was wondering that the company is doing very nice in the current operation. 
Satish Wagh: 
Sir, today one of the products which is taken. The competitor is selling at INR32,000 for one 
single man. I am trying to give it at a very cheaper price to common man can afford. And another 
product is of a similar way. It is also roughly around about INR28,000, INR30,000. I want to 
give it at a cheaper price to the Indian community. Of course, export is my major target. But 
Indian community has to be also safeguarded. So, we are working very hard… 
A N Lodha: 
That's why, sir, we are very encouraged. Because of the business of market share of the product. 
If the company can succeed, then the company can go a long way in the pharma industry. 
Satish Wagh: 
Sir, we are already there 39 years. And we will continue forever. 
A N Lodha: 
My last question is, sir, the capex. How much capex company’s expected to incur this year and 
as well as in financial year FY'25? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Sir, this year we will close somewhere around INR105 crores to INR110 crores. This will be 
majorly, modularly and some bit of Ambernath. And next year we are planning somewhere 
around a similar number. Out of which, there will be -- a major part of it will be for refurbishment 
of module ABC, which are all pretty old modules. And of course, the major part for next year 
would be Ambernath, sir. So, that is how the split will also happen. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 20 
 
A N Lodha: 
Okay, sir. Thank you very much. Wish you very best of luck. Thank you very much, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations on the new win that you talked about earlier. My 
first question is about the revenue target of INR1,000 crores plus that you were discussing 
earlier. Is that expected to be reached in fiscal '26 or fiscal '27? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Sorry, Rajesh. Couldn't get you. There is some background noise coming from your side. Can 
you please repeat the question, please? 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Yes. My question was regarding the revenue target of INR1,000 crores plus that you mentioned. 
When is it likely to be achieved? Is it fiscal '26 or fiscal '27? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Fiscal '27. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Fiscal '27. Okay. And then secondly, in this CDMO and CMO business that you were talking 
about, is it fair to assume that your EBITDA margin will be higher than this 28%-30% range 
that you have discussed earlier? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So, for the CMO opportunities, yes, while in some projects the margin range would be slightly 
higher, but the guidance what we are giving is a blended because we already have an API 
portfolio plus some of the new product launches. And whenever we launch a new product, they 
will first move into the semi-regulated market. And then eventually they will mature to the 
regulated market. 
 
By then, you know, new products will again be infused. So that cycle will be constant. So 
keeping that in mind, 28% to 30% is something which will be there on the overall portfolio. 
While some products, some projects individually might have a higher margin, but on the blended 
portfolio, it would be about 28% to 30%. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Understood. Thank you. And my last question is when we think about this INR1,000 crores 
revenue, how much of that business will be coming from API versus the CDMO-CMO business? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So the CMO-CDMO opportunities also what we currently have are mainly in the API-Advanced 
Intermediate space. Some of the new opportunities what we have announced today in the 
morning, they would be slightly over and above that INR1,000 crores projection. So if you ask 
me the INR1,000 crores, almost 70% to 80% of it would be API and Advanced Intermediate. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. Thank you so much and all the best. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you very much, sir. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Thank you. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 20 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Sidharth from Darsh Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Sidharth: 
Hi. Thanks for the opportunity. I just wanted to know that revenues have been relatively flat in 
the Latin and North American regions from the past year. So is there any particular reason for 
this as to why they have been flat? Because major growth has come from Europe. I get that. But 
what are your thoughts on this? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So one of the reasons you feel it is flat is because like we said, we were in the process of getting 
the products registered. It is now that the products are registered and the audit is cleared because 
whenever you put it for CADIFA registration, the audit is triggered. So we had the audit in the 
month of January and we have cleared that with zero observations. 
 
So now in the next couple of quarters, you will see that region really picking up. With North 
America, a lot of the USDMFs currently are still under filing, which we expect to happen in the 
next couple of quarters. So if you look at probably a year down the line, you will see significant 
contribution coming in from North America and Latin American markets. 
Sidharth: 
Okay. And one follow-up question. In the previous quarter, we faced challenges in China. Now 
that we have diversified, where has the additional revenue in the Asia region come from? 
Because margins have also improved and like you mentioned, you have only been servicing the 
minimum quantities required from China and that was your higher margin business, right? So if 
you can throw some light as to where is the additional revenue in the Asia region come from and 
how have you been able to improve margins in that front? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So in Asia, our business remains stable. For the new products, of course, yes, you will see a good 
contribution coming in as and when we launch the products because they will be first launched 
in the semi-regulated markets, which is the Asian market. If you look at the major shift, what 
we have seen is that we are getting better traction in regulated markets like Europe. 
 
As I explained earlier also, the Europe sales have shot up from 26% to 42% and that's one of the 
reasons and that's where we are getting the larger revenue from. Because for the existing 
portfolio, better traction in anaesthetic segment, in vitamin segments, we have seen from the 
European region. 
Sidharth: 
Okay. And one more question, just the last one. What are the kind of asset turns that you expect 
from this capex this year and next year? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
The asset turns you would look at somewhere around 2.5x and above, sir. I think that is 
something which we are targeting in future. 
Sidharth: 
Okay. Thank you so much. That will be all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 20 
 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations to management for a good set of numbers. So 
first, I just want to understand what is the status on the existing CMO contracts, one with the 
DSM Firmenich and there was one on the protein side? Where are we in terms of the status on 
execution? I have a couple of more questions. But first on this. 
Saloni Wagh: 
So in terms of the CMO, CDMO opportunities, specifically the DSM Firmenich contract that 
you mentioned. So the contract, we have said it in the past also, at its full capacity, has about 
INR60 crores-INR70 crores of potential. And we have already done the CEP filing, the USDMF 
filing. 
 
We have already received our first commercial order from DSM Firmenich. And we already 
have a good forecast available for next financial year as well. So that project is moving really 
well. In fact, some part of the capex, what Krishna mentioned for the refurbishment of the older 
blocks, we will also refurbish the vitamin block to accommodate the larger quantities, what we 
are anticipating from them in the next couple of years?  
So that one I would say is already at a commercial stage where we have received the first 
commercial orders. The whey protein one, we recently completed the installation of the 
equipment at our site. This happened last month. And we have already taken the trial batches 
and the samples have been supplied to all the large distributors of whey protein across India. We 
in fact are evaluating opportunity for exports also of this particular product in Southeast Asian 
market. 
 
We anticipate that in the next quarter, we will at least be having 20 to 30 metric tons of trial 
quantities from all the major distributors in India. And then next financial year, definitely we are 
anticipating good volumes. Next financial year, it will commercialize. Let's say quarter 2 of 
FY'25 is where we will see some significant volumes coming in. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Ma'am, what is the addressable tonnage equivalent for us for this product, whey protein? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So for next financial year, the potential could be about 100,000 tons. 
Tushar Bhora: 
100,000 tons? 
Saloni Wagh: 
100 tons. 100,000 kgs, 100 metric tons. 
Tushar Bhora: 
What is the size of market for this product? Just if you have any ballpark. 
Saloni Wagh: 
So in the next 2-3 years, we anticipate that we will be able to go to about 800-900 metric tons. 
Tushar Bhora: 
Ma'am, also on the existing APIs, some of the new products like Dextromethorphan, allopurinol, 
bisoprolol etc. If you can just highlight the path to regulated markets where we are vis-a-vis 
different markets for the 4 or 5 critical opportunities you think, outside of the current top 3? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 20 
 
Saloni Wagh: 
So for a product like bisoprolol fumarate, in terms of, Europe is one of the largest markets. So 
CEP is already applied for and it is expected in quarter 1 of FY '25. So very soon we will get the 
CEP that will open up the complete Europe market for us. 
 
Then other products like tramadol hydrochloride, we have applied for the CEP in the last quarter. 
So that we will expect in another 9-12 months’ time. Again, very large market in Europe for this 
particular product. US DMF we will file in another one month time. Then products like 
dextromethorphan, we already have the US DMF available. CEP we will be filing in the quarter 
1 of FY '25. 
 
Allopurinol, we are filing the CEP and the US DMF before this financial year ends. So February 
end is actually when we are planning to file both for the CEP and the US DMF. So these are 
some of the larger opportunities. 
 
One more product I would like to mention is cetirizine Di hydrochloride. For which we have 
already applied for US DMF. We just received the US DMF number 2 days back. And CEP will 
be filed end of this month. So this product again has a very large market in Europe and US. So 
these are some of the top 4-5 molecules and their regulatory filing status. 
Tushar Bhora: 
Ma'am, do you have sense on a stable basis once they are fully scaled up, maybe 2-3 years down 
the line, what kind of potential exists for this basket of 4-5 products from regulated markets? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So for these 4-5 products, I mean individually the numbers are very large because these products 
have a global market which is very large. What I can say is that in the next 3 years, today the 
top 3 products, their contribution to the revenue is around 45%-50%. And the rest of the product 
contribution is very low. 
 
But in the next 3 years, the situation would be that the contribution of the top 3 products would 
be around somewhere 20%-25%. And the balance contribution would come from the other set 
of products including some of the new products. 
Tushar Bhora: 
Okay. Thank you so much, I'll join back in queue 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashish from InvesQ Investment Advisors Pvt. 
Ltd. Please go ahead. 
Aashish: 
Yes. Thank you for the opportunity again. So as you mentioned, the seasonality in the business 
and the ups and downs on the quarterly profitability, all these things are kind of flattening 
because I think we are moving towards a mix where things could be kind of quarter on quarter 
better. 
 
So Q4 historically has been a very high margin business for us. I think if I look at last Q4, '23 
and '22, these have been the highest margin quarters for us. So would you say that these kind of 
margins of ~40% EBITDA and gross margins have been pretty high? 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 20 
 
 
That would remain? Or do you think that Q4 also has that kind sort of mix change where we will 
have lower margins? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So if you have been following us for the last more than 4-5 quarters, we have been indicating 
that the stabilized sustainable margin for the company is 28%-30%, which we have sort of 
maintained in the last 3 quarters as well, overall on an annualized basis. The 40% margin which 
we were able to achieve the year before that was because of certain dependency on certain 
geography and certain niche business, which we have already indicated, you know, although the 
volumes have stabilized, there is an erosion in the pricing which we don't expect to stabilize. So 
for us, a sustainable margin would be 28%-30%. 
 
You can expect a higher revenue in Q4, but in terms of margin, even if the margins are slightly 
better on an annualized basis, 28%-30% is the only margin indication that we would like to give. 
Aashish: 
Okay, so you are talking about the China portion that we had, that was contributing to the higher 
margins earlier? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Yes, correct. So like we have mentioned in the past also, the volume we have gained back, but 
there is a price erosion. So we have secured ourselves in terms of volume for the next couple of 
years. We already have a contract in place. And that will go. But because of the price erosion, 
the margins have been impacted. 
 
Like what we are trying to do now is trying to make the product portfolio more robust and have 
a more stable margin profile across all quarters and have the product spread across more 
geographies, how the new products can also scale up in the more regulated markets. So we are 
more focusing on that. We don't anticipate or we are not even expecting that the Chinese business 
would go back to where it was. I think whatever is the current situation is the long-term situation 
that it will be. 
Aashish: 
Okay, so the buyer in China that was there which was giving us much higher margins, the buyers 
are different now, is it? It is not the same? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So the buyer is still the same. I mean, of course, the agent has changed. The end customers still 
remain the same because our product is registered in China for many, many years. And we have 
an NMPA certified site. But because of the situation, there is slight demand drop of the product 
plus one or two local competitors coming in that particular product. The price erosion is there 
on that one. 
Aashish: 
Got it. One last question. On the existing basket, what is the overall runrate except for the new 
addition that we are doing? The product basket that was existing till FY '23, what is the potential 
for those products to grow on their own till when you think? Because I think you mentioned 
around 10% is a fair assumption on the growth that we can take. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 20 
 
But I think we have fair market shares in those geographies for those products. So any idea that 
you can give? Just trying to understand where are we on that basket and the additions can be 
from new products. 
Saloni Wagh: 
So because we have recently invested a lot in R&D at the Lote site plus we are also investing in 
R&D at the Ambernath site. In terms of new product addition every year, I think four to five 
products is something that we will keep adding into the product basket. Each product because 
we are now also entering into newer therapies. 
 
So of course we are expanding on the anaesthetic line like our chairman said in his speech 
because that's our area of expertise. We are also adding a lot of new therapies like anti-diabetic, 
anti-anxiety. So it would be very difficult because different therapies, completely different 
products, completely different global market sizes. 
 
It would be difficult to indicate one such lump sum figure that you are looking for. But definitely 
all the products that we are looking at are in terms of volume 1000 metric tons plus globally and 
which have a very large global volume as well as value. So if we consider even 10% of that on 
a conservative basis because whenever we start a product, we go in with a complete backward 
integrated business model and very large capacity. 
 
So 10% is actually very conservative. We can definitely achieve much higher than that. But the 
exact number and all, I think we would be in a better position to give in the coming few quarters 
when we have formally launched these products. 
Aashish: 
Okay. Okay. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks for the follow-up. Ma'am, this anaesthetic product which has been mentioned, the new 
opportunity, while you highlighted it a couple of times in the call already, but just to understand, 
we can't see a filing on the exchange for this. What exactly is the opportunity? Is it a CDMO 
opportunity or a new product development? What is it exactly? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So actually, this is a new product development. What we started was on the API front because 
we have a very strong position in anaesthetic APIs. We considered manufacturing the API first. 
 
Today, the entire globe is dependent on China for sourcing of this particular API. So we thought 
of it as an import substitution. A lot of it is getting imported also in India with only dependence 
on China. 
 
So we took up the development of the API first. And then we saw that there is a very large 
opportunity for the bottling of the said API also. We reached out to a lot of large multinationals 
where they were very interested on doing CMO, CDMO tie-up for the finished product, which 
is the bottled product. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 20 
 
 
And that's why we decided to explore both the opportunities. So currently, we have developed 
the API. It is put in stability. Validation batches have been done already. And this API will be 
manufactured at the Lote site. And then the bottling, we will be doing it in the Ambernath site, 
which we have already refurbished. 
 
We have set up a bottling line of around 5 million bottles a year. On the finished formulation 
front, this product is extremely large. It is the most widely used anaesthetic globally. 
 
The current market value of the product is around USD300 million. And it is growing very, very 
strongly. It is expected to grow at a 4.4% CAGR year on year. So you can imagine how large 
the market size is going to be. And because we will have full control of the API with us, we will 
have an extremely good control at the finished formulation level as well. This will further build 
on our CMO, CDMO skill. 
 
It will give us better utilization of the Ambernath site. And it is a very niche technology, where 
you need a lot of manufacturing expertise, which we have. You need a large capacity, which we 
will have post the Module E. So all put together, this could be potentially a very large product 
and a game changer for us. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thanks. Second, ma'am, in terms of guidance overall, so just to quote from one of the earlier 
quarters, or earlier communications, when we had got this product from DSM-Firmenich, the 
CDMO product, I think you had mentioned that it will take a couple of years for 
commercialization. And full scale-up will happen only by FY '27, if I recall correctly. 
 
But now what we are able to gather from this call is that we already have the first commercial 
order available with us. So clearly we are tracking ahead in terms of actual execution to guidance 
for this project. Is that understanding correct? 
 
And second, in light of this, and the overall conservative stance of management to maintain at 
28% to 30%, despite a lot of your products moving into regulated markets in the next two years, 
is it fair to say that the EBITDA margin guidance that we are giving, the internal target for 
companies should be much higher? Or are you going to target only 28% to 30% margin in your 
new project? Or is it that you are targeting higher but the communication is 28% to 30% and 
hopefully we expect a positive surprise as execution matches up to commentary? 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thanks. So to answer to your first question on the DSM-Firmenich, the numbers what we have 
indicated, the INR60 crores-INR70-odd crores, it would still be, I mean the full potential would 
only be reached in '27. Although we have started getting the commercial order, DSM-Firmenich 
operates in a highly regulated market for this product. 
 
Their focus is on pharma customers, wherein the CEP, USDMF and Japan DMF is extremely 
critical, which we have already applied for. Some of the trial orders what they are taking are for 
their food customers. So the volume actually will increase only post we get the CEP, USDMF 
and the Japan DMF. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 20 
 
 
So that is why in the third year, you know in that '26-'27, where we will see the volume sort of 
jumping, and then that full potential will be still achieved in that year only, the INR60 crores-
INR70 crores what we have spoken about. 
In terms of the margin guidance, like I said earlier also, there are multiple opportunities and 
products where the margin profile is much higher than 30%. But when we indicated 28%-30% 
is on a blended basket of multiple products, multiple CMO opportunities, multiple new product 
infusions into the basket. 
 
Of course, there is a potential that we can achieve much higher margins, and of course, the 
management is always trying to get the maximum possible margins. But this is just a very 
conservative guidance in terms of the overall blended basket, I would say. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And on the top three products, are we seeing any increasing competition or any rising pressures 
across the basket of products in any of the major markets? 
Saloni Wagh: 
No, we are not seeing. For us, the top three products are stable. In fact, two of the products are 
even growing products. Because of the niche technology and because of having a complicated 
process, and you need to have a complete backward integration to have a leadership position for 
the top three molecules. Because of all these things, we still don't see much competition.  
Of course, the antihistamine product in China, because of some local manufacturers, that market 
is impacted. But other than that, all the other markets and all the other geographies still are very 
stable. We don't see any price erosion happening. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Ma'am, one last question quickly. This formulation, the bottling that we intend to do for this new 
project, does this open us up for more formulation projects, CMO and even generate formulation 
business? Or are we going to be more measured about how we build this part of the business? 
What is your thought process on branching out from your core APIs? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So definitely, once we set up this facility and we move forward, there is always an opportunity 
which is there for taking on more such CMO, CDMO opportunities in the finished formulation 
area. Because we are already setting up the plant and we operate in a highly regulated 
environment.  
So this particular site will also eventually have all the regulatory approvals, such as the USFDA, 
European authorities, ANVISA Brazil. So that is what we are aiming at. So yes, we are definitely 
open for further opportunities in the finished formulation space with the Ambernath site. 
Tushar Bohra: 
But are we going to actively target in the existing product basket going to formulations? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So not on our own. We don't want to compete for any of our own products as such. But there are 
some discussions which we are getting from some customers in the U.S. and Europe where they 
are interested in buying certain finished formulations that they were getting manufactured in 
Europe. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 19 of 20 
 
 
But due to the price pressures and all the non-favourable environment in Europe for production, 
they want to move it to our site. So some such discussions are going on, but they are at a very, 
very premature stage. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Thank you so much for the follow up. Wish you all the best. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will take the last question for today from Pritesh Chheda from Lucky 
Investment Managers Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you, ma'am. Just a clarification. So currently, the 600 scale that we have is basically at 
Parshuram Lote. And on this INR400 crores block, what is the maximum revenue possible on 
this block or what is the capacity utilization that you are running today? Either way, you want 
to answer. 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
As of now, since it's a multi-product block, the capacities would be somewhere around 70% to 
75%. That would be the best utilization ever possible. And see, the plans are on to have the 
existing INR1,000 crores from the existing blocks itself. 
 
So that is why when we are saying that we are going to expand further into module E, Module 
E can even take our revenues around beyond INR1,000-plus-crores also. So that would be the 
additional advantage which we will have with module E. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And the Ambernath unit, which is supposed to come, which is a greenfield is meant for 
CDMO, CMO, right?  
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Correct. 
Saloni Wagh: 
Correct. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And this unit which was supposed to come at the end of Q4 FY'24, what is the status there? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So it will now come in Q1 FY'25. So just a couple of months, I mean one or two months delay 
in the timeline. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what will be the utilization ramp up there? Do we have the necessary CDMO, CMO orders 
and how will this capacity be utilized? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So currently we don't have concrete orders but there are a lot of advanced level discussions 
which are happening for the bottling of the anaesthetic product that we mentioned before. I think 
it will take us at least two years to have a good utilization because we will have to trigger a lot 
of regulatory inspections. So for the first year, the capacity utilization might not be very high. 
But I think towards the second and the third year, the capacity utilization would be far, far 
greater. 

 
 
Supriya Lifescience Limited
 
 
February 08, 2024 
 
Page 20 of 20 
 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
And Pritesh, adding to what Dr. Saloni has said, see we also had -- my Chairman has already 
said in his speech that this plant would be, what do you call, commissioned phase wise. So as 
and when we will have our utilization, we will expand it further. That is how it would be. It will 
be modular and it will not be a linear sort of a stuff. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And for the module E at the Parshuram plant, when is this supposed to come and what is the 
capex that you are putting here? 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
It would be around Q1 FY'25 and this module would be somewhere around INR100 crores to 
INR120 crores. That would be the capex and these are mostly funded out of our IPO proceeds. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
The INR1,000 crores revenue which you mentioned on the current block, ex of module E, right, 
INR1,000 crores revenue ex of module E… 
Krishna Raghunathan: 
Might be some, what do you call, some cleanroom facility of module E might need to be used 
here. 
Saloni Wagh: 
That is just the one correction I would like to make. While we will not be using the intermediate 
capacity of module E, we are running short on the cleanroom, the final processing areas. So 
some part of module E, the cleanroom areas will be needed for achieving this INR1,000 crores 
mark. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
So this INR1,000 crores revenue, the question was how many years do you think you should 
reach the INR1,000 crores based on whatever products you have in pipeline, based on the 
existing 50%-60% of your portfolio, three products brought from there and the new products. 
So this INR1,000 crores revenue potential, what should be the number of years to achieve it? 
Saloni Wagh: 
So we have always maintained that by FY'27 we should be in a position to achieve this number. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Thank you very much.  
Saloni Wagh: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. In interest of time, we will end the call. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Ms. Saloni Wagh for closing comments. 
Saloni Wagh: 
I would like to thank everyone for joining us to discuss the quarterly development. Our 
development of new products and the impact of revenues derived from successful DMF filings 
and corresponding product launches should prove supplementary.  
Besides the launch of our CDMO business should enhance revenues further by laying the ground 
for an attractively sustainable future that enhances value for all our stakeholders. Thank you 
everyone for joining. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Supriya Lifescience Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
