 
 
 
www.mpslimited.com 
Registered Office:  RR Towers IV, Super A, 16/17, Thiru‐Vi‐Ka Industrial Estate, Guindy, Chennai‐600032 (INDIA), Tel: +91 44 49162222 Fax: +91 44 49 16 2225 Email: info@mpslimited.com 
Corporate Identification Number: L22122TN1970PLC005795 
 
 
Ref: MPSL/SE/96/2023-24 
Date: 15 March 2024 
 
✓ 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot no. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra – Kurla Complex, Bandra 
(East), Mumbai - 400 051, India 
Symbol: MPSLTD 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
BSE Limited
Department of Corporate Services 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai- 400001, India 
Scrip Code: 532440 
ISIN: INE943D01017 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Conference Call of MPS Limited on the recent acquisition of Research 
Square AJE LLC along with its subsidiary.  
 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulation 2015, please find enclosed 
herewith the Transcript of the Conference Call held on Thursday, 07 March 2024, at 02:00 P.M. 
(IST) on the recent Acquisition of Research Square AJE LLC along with its subsidiary American 
Journal Online (Beijing) Information Consulting Limited through MPS North America LLC, the 
wholly owned subsidiary of MPS Limited via its SPV i.e. American Journal Experts LLC. 
 
This is for your kind information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
For MPS Limited 
 
 
 
 
Raman Sapra 
Company Secretary and Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
Encl: As Above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
RAMAN 
SAPRA
Digitally signed by RAMAN SAPRA 
DN: c=IN, o=PERSONAL, title=9408, 
pseudonym=43dbd303263049bf818a076f6d838560, 
2.5.4.20=18cf30a1544184712dd62ca166b9893ae39be03b72c0f4a
44c907cf6e8f25d25, postalCode=201014, st=Uttar Pradesh, 
serialNumber=15cbe9dded45c032a01894d72a7cb7af4313fb2366
016cd2de145cfc530838fc, cn=RAMAN SAPRA

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“MPS Limited 
Recent acquisition of Research Square AJE LLC along 
with its subsidiary American Journal Online (Beijing) 
Information Consulting Limited” 
 
March 07, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAHUL ARORA – CHAIRMAN & CEO 
MR. SUNIT MALHOTRA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
MS. PRARTHANA AGARWAL – DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good Day, and welcome to the Conference Call of MPS Limited on the 
Recent Acquisition of Research Square AJE LLC, along with its subsidiary American Journal Online 
(Beijing) Information Consulting Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone Phone. Please 
note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora – Chairman and CEO. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you, Sagar. Good afternoon from our corporate office in Noida. A warm welcome to our 
announcement call on the recent acquisition of AJE. On the call, I have with me, Sunit Malhotra, 
who is our CFO, and Prarthana Agarwal who is our Deputy CFO, and they join me from our 
Corporate Office in Noida. 
Today, Sunit will kick things off in our opening segment by describing the acquisition followed by 
Prarthana, who will describe the acquired business, I will then close the opening remarks with our 
strategic rationale behind acquiring AJE and also describe the road that lies ahead, we will then open 
the call for questions to which the three of us will respond. Over to you, Sunit. 
Sunit Malhotra: 
Thanks, Rahul. 
On 29th February 2024, MPS North America, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MPS Limited via 
its Special Purpose Vehicle American Journal Experts LLC incorporated w.e.f. 20th February 2024 
in the state of Delaware, USA acquired 100% stake in Research Square AJE LLC, North Carolina, 
USA, along with its subsidiary, American General Online (Beijing) Information Consulting Limited, 
Beijing, China, AI-Tool (“Curie”) and Research Quality Evaluation (“RQE”) from Springer 
Science+Business Media LLC, a subsidiary of Springer Nature Group. The cash consideration of 
USD 8.4 million was paid as per the terms of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement and 
other transaction documents.  
The Acquisition of the target entity did not fall within the related party transaction(s), None of the 
promoter/promoter group/group companies have any interest in the acquired business. 
Over to you, Prarthana, to describe the business. 
Prarthana Agarwal: 
Thanks, Sunit. AJE is an author solutions company headquartered in Durham, North Carolina, USA, 
which also has a 100% subsidiary headquartered in Beijing, China, which was established in 2019 
called AJO.  
                                                AJE is a B2C-dominated business with excellent gross margins. AJE's strong gross margins are 
driven by a focus on automation and applying ML/AI in the editing process. AJE has a dedicated AI 
team with the opportunity to enter the AI NLP market, which is expected to grow $112 billion in 
2030 at a CAGR of 25%. AJE delivers a wide range of digital language editing services under the 
brands American Journal Experts (“AJE”) and Springer Nature Author Services (“SNAS”). 
The services comprise language editing, academic translations in several languages, scientific 
editing, formatting services, and custom illustrations. Under MPS ownership, AJE and AJO will 
continue to be the supplier of SNAS, and we have signed a five-year exclusive commercial 
relationship with Springer Nature. 
 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
The transaction perimeter composes of two legal entities; one registered in the US, and another 
registered in China, and an additional two products. “Curie” is an AI-based proprietary language 
SaaS platform. Curie provides intelligent suggestions, improves writing structures, enhances flow, 
and assists in citations, thus facilitating the creation of high-quality academic content. Research 
Quality Evaluation (“RQE”) services engage qualified reviewers to expedite the peer review process 
with its team of active researchers with terminal degrees like Ph.D., M.D., DrPh). 
Over to you, “Rahul to describe our strategic rationale and the road that lies ahead.”. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thanks, Prarthana. The acquisition of AJE drives us toward Vision 2027 in a meaningful way, and 
the scale-up will profoundly impact both our content and Platform business. Additionally, current 
and future AJE customers will see significant benefits from MPS long-term strategy of embracing 
technology and leveraging efficiency to drive value and quality for our customers. 
The acquisition brings several strategic advantages: 
• 
First, the integration of Curie into our portfolio further enhances our AI-driven 
capabilities, aligning with our commitment to consistent innovations through MPS Labs. 
• 
Second, a definitive entry into the B2C market broadens our reach, a strategic move that 
is expected to have a meaningfully positive impact on our scaling agenda. 
• 
Third, expansion into China further diversifies our business and aligns with our agenda to 
strengthen our global presence. 
• 
Fourth, the acquisition of AJE advances us upstream in the value chain bringing us closer 
to the authors. MPS now stands as the only global player with end-to-end capabilities to 
service academic publishing from author to researcher. 
• 
Finally, through the acquisition process, Springer Nature and MPS have committed to 
realizing the tremendous value that will be created by advancing our strategic partnership. 
In summary, the acquisition of AJE aligns with our growth strategy called, “Supercharging Gestalt” 
focusing on a market-based approach, premier customer partnerships, expansion into new markets, 
investment in new capabilities such as AI, and the acquisition of growing assets. 
We have acquired a modified form of the business that is smaller though profitable. We expect to 
enter FY'25 with a business that is moderately profitable compared to our core business and exit 
FY'25 with a business that is as profitable as our core business.  
We would like to now open the call to questions. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the line of Naveen 
Bothra, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Naveen Bothra: 
What synergic benefits and size of opportunity do we see from this combined existing AI capabilities 
in MPS Labs and AI capabilities added due to AJE acquisition, if you can help us understand the 
synergic benefits of both MPS Labs and AJE AI capabilities? the second question is regarding the 
very attractive price we have acquired this company with a turnover of around INR 250 crores with 
the INR 70 crores cash upfront payment. So, if you can help us understand what were the last mile 
for the sellers and all these things for this very good price, at which we acquired, because we don't 
have any numbers for FY'23 as such.  We assume that the INR 250 crores is the run rate, and with 
the EBITDA margin of 13-14% currently which as you said, will move to EBITDA levels of around 
28-30%. So, if you can help us understand the rationale behind this attractive acquisition, which as 
shareholders, is quite good to us and will help us in understanding the acquisition? 
Rahul Arora: 
I'll start with the synergy piece. On the revenue side, AJE is almost entirely B2C. One aspect that we 
see is being able to market and sell AJE capabilities to MPS customers which are B2B in nature. 
Because Springer Nature is a publisher, AJE was unable to sell its services to Springer Nature's 
competitors. Historically, AJE did have B2B customers. In this space, what we have seen is B2C 
tends to constitute approximately 70% of the revenue, while B2B seems to be around 30% of the 
revenue in an ideal scenario, and the entire B2B piece is missing today for AJE because they were 
owned by a publisher, and therefore not able to market those services to other publishers who are 
competitors of Springer Nature. We saw a similar situation when we acquired MPS while it was 
owned by Macmillan. Very quickly after the ADI Group acquired MPS, we were able to go after 
more publishers. That is one revenue synergy that we observe from an MPS customer base 
standpoint. From an AJE customer standpoint, as you know, we have several products and 
technologies that we market to our B2B customers that we currently are not selling to B2C 
customers. Therefore, it also allows us to market our technology solutions, specifically our HighWire 
suite of platforms to the author side of the B2C side. So, there's going to be immediate revenue 
synergy. Of course, there is also going to be cost synergy that will be realized, which will primarily 
drive-up margins through the course of the year. As those events unfold, we will continue to update 
you, but we have a very high visibility on what those synergies could potentially look like in the 
next 6 to 12 months. Now, coming to your next question on why Springer Nature sold a business 
that generates 200 to 250 crores in revenue for $8.4 million, I’d like to give some context and 
background. Springer Nature had acquired AJE for a very strategic reason which was to improve the 
author experience. As we know for scholarly publishers, their customers are subscribers who pay to 
access content that is behind a paywall. The authors are the individuals creating the content behind 
the paywall. Hence, there was a strategic importance on having strong relationships with the author. 
Springer Nature wanted to improve the author experience and that is why they invested in acquiring 
a business like this. Over more than five years of ownership, they realized that AJE is a non-core 
asset and their partnership with vendor partners like MPS has been improving, and that they could 
arrive at the same level of author experience by outsourcing it to a vendor partner rather than owning 
the author experience, thus, they got more comfortable about arriving at the same elevated author 
experience through partners like MPS. Once they made this determination, they decided to divest 
AJE, which they identified as a non-core asset, very similar to what they did back in 2012 when we 
bought MPS from Macmillan, which is largely now part of Springer Nature. At that point, they 
approached us and we entered negotiation. We were transparent and have been working with them 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
for 50+ years and told them that we would be comfortable acquiring the business where our payback 
period would be less than three years as this is a new space, it's B2C, and it's not exactly what we 
currently do and therefore we would like to keep the outlay to a modest level to which they agreed, 
and we moved on from there. I think for them what's most important is the author experience, so 
their NPS scores with authors continue to remain high. It's important for them that the employees 
who work for AJE continue have a good home. With MPS, they have transacted before, and we have 
taken MPS to a new level from where we acquired it from them back in 2012. This gives them a lot 
of confidence that not only will the service delivery and the author experience be as high as it is 
required, but also, the managers and the employees in the company will have a clear growth path 
under MPS. For an organization that's a multi-billion-dollar organization, a company of this size is 
not as significant for them. For them, this strategic element, when they calculate the benefits of the 
strategic elements, it's more important that those play effectively. So, quite like MPS, if you go back, 
we had acquired MPS in 2012, the revenues were INR 125 to 130 crores and we had paid about 50 
crores for it. Similarly, the same event has taken place here where we have acquired a non-core asset 
that has tremendous value to Springer Nature from a strategic element and they want to make sure 
that the author experience does not get compromised. Therefore, for them, it's more important to sell 
to the right partner than to someone who's going to pay the highest price. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh who is an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh: 
How would you describe the current AI MLP capabilities of AJE? Now that you have access to the 
AJE AI team, how does it impact the MPS Lab setup? How will you consolidate the two things? 
Rahul Arora: 
AJE is like 250 employees, the AI team of course is around a dozen people, and the MPS team is 
much larger. These two teams will be combined going forward. In terms of the product itself, AJE 
uses AI in two ways. One is for internal efficiency and second is that they license their product 
“Curie” as a SaaS platform. In both instances, when we have compared and benchmarked with the 
competition, there is very little competition with respect to this type of AI for the scholarly 
publishing market, the scientific publishing market. Although, lots of tools and technologies exist 
generally for content, but nothing in the market for this specific type of scientific content. This is a 
first-mover advantage that this product has, and going forward, we will continue to invest and sustain 
the first-mover advantage. Additionally, we see applications of this technology within our workflows 
and our internal development. Thereby we will also be implementing the suite of AI solutions within 
our workflow environment. It should also improve efficiency and margins in the MPS content 
business over a period. 
Mahesh: 
You've mentioned the opportunity size of $112 billion for the AI MLP market. How would you 
describe the existing MLP market either by domain or services? 
 
 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Rahul Arora: 
The comment that Prarthana shared was coming from a research report, That's the total market. In 
terms of how we see our marketplace, we are seeing our customers looking to leverage AI to improve 
the speed-to-market and be able to monetize their content IP quicker, and as a result, there's a lot of 
pressure from our customers to reduce turnaround times and number of touch points as content is 
being created. Our customers are now subscription businesses, so, what differentiates them in a 
marketplace is the volume of content, but also the quality of content. A lot of the applications of AI 
are around speed and efficiency. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit from ithought PMS. Please go ahead. 
Rohit: 
In the past, we have seen acquisitions like Highwire or even Tata Interactive, etc., Post the 
acquisition, there's been a run-off in terms of revenue. Some customers are sort of moving away, 
etc., So, do you expect something similar to happen in this case, would like to hear your comments. 
Rahul Arora: 
Historically we have seen that for a couple of reasons: One, there's been a high revenue 
concentration. For example, at Tata Interactive as well as Highwire top-10 customers were upwards 
of 60% of revenue, and with a change in ownership, the uncertainty created issues. Second, as a run-
up to the sale process, customer satisfaction in both those cases that you described was at an all-time 
low, and therefore post-acquisition, what we saw was run off as you described. In this situation, the 
two things are quite different. So, firstly, given this is B2C revenue, there's very little customer 
concentration, a very highly diversified customer base. Second, from a customer satisfaction level, 
I haven't seen NPS scores like this in our industry, they are constantly sustaining, with NPS scores 
upwards of 60, indicating very little customer dissatisfaction. With low customer concentration and 
a highly satisfied incoming customer base, our strategic momentum continues to sustain and further 
enhance satisfaction levels. Therefore, we anticipate minimal runoff in this specific scenario, which 
is our plan. We do not expect the same runoff in this situation. Having said that, we do expect revenue 
in the first year to be in the INR 200 crore to INR 250 crore range because certain parts of the 
business were unprofitable that we have not taken over. Therefore, we expect revenue to be sustained 
in that range that I describe as INR 200 crore to INR 250 crore. 
Rohit: 
The margins are somewhat lower right now and you want to sort of take it to the company average. 
So, if you can broadly talk a bit about what are the things that you sort of foresee and how will the 
margins improve? 
Rahul Arora: 
I'm sure that is something that we will be able to share over a period. We are currently in the process 
of improving the margins and therefore for competitive reasons, we can't detail the specific steps 
that we are taking. Having said that, as those events unfold, we will share those updates with you. 
The operating margin of this business is 65%. MPS is very similar to when we had acquired, the 
operating margin was 50% to 55% in fact and very quickly over a period of 6 to 12 months, we were 
able to lift the EBITDA and the PBT margins of MPS to a much higher level above 25%. We see 
very similar trends here. A lot of the steps that we took at MPS will also apply here, but for 
competitive reasons, it will be very difficult for me to get into those individual steps, as we continue 
to unlock them, we will update you in the quarterly call but it's difficult to share because that 
information is sensitive. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ayush Bansal from Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Ayush Bansal: 
How is the customer base for AJE and what is the client concentration for the same? 
Rahul Arora: 
The customer base is primarily B2C, and the average order values are fairly small. The average order 
value for a customer that licenses “Curie” is $132, the average order value for someone who picks 
up a standard package of editing from AJE is $275, and similarly for premium, it's $475. So, it's a 
B2C customer base. There is no customer concentration like we see in the MPS part of the business. 
It's a typical B2C business with millions of manuscripts getting edited and thousands of authors 
being supported. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Jain from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Rahul Jain: 
There is a potential revenue synergy that will come because cross-sell HighWire platform customers 
is high of the price, because you are behaving in this kind of B2C this is so low, while you may be 
operating in a little different paradigm in your existing Highwire customer base? 
Rahul Arora: 
Humble correction, I didn't say cross-sell throughout what MPS does. I specifically referred to the 
platform suite. The platform suite is already configured for authors. The difference is that we are 
selling the suite to publishers who then open the platform to authors. Therefore, now we would go 
direct and open the same technology for example DigiEdit which is our content authoring editing 
platform, we could potentially open that up to the author community directly.  A decent portion of 
the Highwire suite of products is B2B2C, and therefore we should be able to take it direct to B2C 
for the AJE customer base. Of course, those things will have to be configured and will happen over 
a period. I would say that from a revenue synergy standpoint in terms of sequence, what is more 
likely is that AJE services will be sold to MPS customers first and then MPS’ platform solutions 
would be sold to AJE's customers in terms of likelihood and speed. 
Rahul Jain: 
If you could break up this synergy, One is the aspect which you said you will enhance about the less 
profitable or not profitable part of the business. Second any synergy at the operating level will come 
in and third this will be because of a very different way of operating revenue-based order that we 
might have a fairly current way they are operating and when this will happen. 
Rahul Arora: 
Again, for competitive and sensitive reasons, it's very difficult to describe what all levers we have. 
I can confirm that everything you mentioned is part of our strategy and there are additional elements 
as well, similar to what we have done with MPS and possibly what we have done with HighWire. 
Thus, we feel confident, but again information is sensitive, it's also very competitive, so would like 
to hold it to our chest till we unlock it. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vikas Mistry from Moonshot Ventures. Please go ahead. 
 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Vikas Mistry: 
In one of your answers, you said that there's less competition in this AI market. What gives you such 
confidence in less competition, whether it comes from proprietary database or comes from 
multimodal contextual AI algorithms you have? And even if you say that there's less competition 
you must be growing at a phenomenal rate. So, do you feel that you will be growing at much higher 
rates, maybe 15% to 20% in this market? 
Rahul Arora: 
We have a first-mover advantage, though I feel that competition will catch up. Whenever there's an 
attractive opportunity, you can never say that there will not be any competition. The advantage is a 
first-mover advantage. It comes from a proprietary LLM that AJE has created over the years. Thus, 
competition potentially will catch up. But yes, from a growth trajectory, we are seeing at least on the 
“Curie” side of the business, much higher growth. Overall, in this B2C sector working with authors, 
the growth rate tends to be much higher than in the B2B space. Historically, of course, MPS has 
played in this part of the value chain before. To illustrate, I remember when I became CEO in 2015-
2016, our revenue was INR 225 crores and during the period between then and last financial year, 
our revenue went from INR 225 crores to INR 500 crores. In that same timeframe, one of the players 
who were this adjacent market of author solutions, was at INR 200 crores, a Mumbai-based 
company, I won't name them, but they went from INR 200 crores to INR 850 crores, and we went 
from INR 225 crores to INR 500 crores. So, we have now entered a marketplace that has more 
tailwinds and a higher CAGR than the market that we have been operating in. It almost feels like 
resistance training where we were operating in a very difficult market and doing extremely well, and 
now we enter this new market where the tailwinds and the weights have been lifted off. Hopefully, 
if we do a good job in execution, we should be able to achieve higher growth rates in this market 
compared to our incumbent B2B market. 
Vikas Mistry: 
One of your press releases has stated that the AI national language processing market is $ 200 billion. 
It looks like a bit of a misnomer. So, try to just put the number which is being only addressable by 
our company. So, it gives a false impression of being higher total markets, that is a bit of a suggestion 
from my side. 
Rahul Arora: 
We appreciate the recommendation. We humbly acknowledge that we obtained the information from 
the seller.  We should be talking about TAM and not the total market. Therefore, we'll take your 
suggestion into consideration. Thank you so much. 
Vikas Mistry: 
One data-keeping question is that I want revenue per user of the company. What is the churn rate? 
And what is the ad revenue out of these 200 crores whatever you mentioned out of the total revenue? 
Rahul Arora: 
Again, for competitive reasons, I don't feel comfortable sharing that granularity of data points. What 
we can confirm is total revenue is INR 200 crores to INR 250 crores and we are serving over 80,000 
authors. But beyond that, I would be very uncomfortable sharing data because again, we have just 
taken over and want the company to do well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical Investments. Please go 
ahead. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Madhur Rathi: 
Why has the revenue been stalling for AJE for the past three years? And the second question would 
be sir, I wanted to understand providing correct citations as well as on AI-driven tools that we have 
been in discussion with various US universities. So, are we planning on making a move in this kind 
of market or I wanted to gain your understanding regarding how our current tools as well as AJE can 
help us in growing on this market? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. Research integrity is a growing area of investment from our customers. We have developed as 
MPS both a tool set as well as services to deliver on the research integrity requirements. Much of 
this is now being outsourced by a customer base. Similarly, AJE also has this capability. Therefore, 
the Research Quality Service (“RQE”), I was talking about at the top of the call is exactly that. It's 
an investment towards improving research integrity. So, yes, that's an exciting part of the market and 
we are expecting significant growth there. In terms of revenues stagnating, I think a couple of 
reasons. One of course, being attached to Springer Nature meant that they could only capture a certain 
portion of the market, and that market was authors that were in the Springer Nature Universe and it 
kind of tapped out their potential. Thus, on the B2C side, the ceiling has been broken because we are 
now able to reach out to all authors, not just the Springer Nature Universe. Similarly, on the B2B 
side, now that we have published a neutral publisher-agnostic, we will be able to market these 
services to the other competitors of Springer Nature and other publishers as well. Consequently, we 
are more optimistic about the future, However, that was the answer for why the revenues have been 
stagnant, mostly because Springer Nature acquired this business with a very strategic intent, which 
was to improve and elevate the author experience or authors engaging with Springer Nature 
specifically. 
Madhur Rathi: 
The five-year agreement that we have with Springer Nature, so what would be the current revenues 
that will come from Springer Nature? 
Rahul Arora: 
Those revenues are similar to US$5 million, and Springer Nature is providing author services to 
authors from their platform and those orders are redirected to AJE. We have a five-year term during 
which we have an exclusive partnership where we will be servicing those sets of authors, and of 
course, we also have royalties that we pay to Springer Nature once we get those orders. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Karan Kapooria, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Karan Kapooria: 
Hi, Rahul. What type of geography are we looking to target, in this B2C acquisition of AJE, can you 
throw some light on it? 
Rahul Arora: 
As of today, China is north of 65% of total revenue and various other markets that they're present in, 
but the majority of AJE, the market is China. MPS of course being a public company in India, we 
expect markets like India where the “Curie” tool is doing exceptionally well to pick up as we 
understand the Indian market well. Directly for AJE, it's mostly markets where English is not the 
first language. Those are the primary markets. China being the biggest, greater than 65%. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Karan Kapooria: 
Are we planning to target some other bigger geographies maybe in the upcoming years like India or 
the US? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes. India is going to be our first course of action given it's home. The US of course, English is the 
first language. Thus, it's not the right market, but Central and South America would be excellent 
markets for us to pursue. 
Karan Kapooria: 
Are you planning to do more acquisitions similar to AJE this year or this will planned for next year? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, as I had mentioned, we are pursuing two acquisitions this year; one has already been completed, 
both acquisitions north of $20 million in revenue. Therefore, we are looking at doing another one in 
the later part of the year. 
Karan Kapooria: 
I missed the revenue part. What is the revenue size that you are targeting? 
Rahul Arora: 
A minimum of $20 million in revenue is what we are looking at. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Keshav Garg from Counter Cyclical PMS. Please go ahead. 
Keshav Garg: 
We are expecting in FY'25 between Rs.200 crores to Rs.250 crores revenue from the acquired entity. 
So, if we take Rs. 225 crores and if we assume a 30% operating margin that you are confident of 
achieving on the acquired business, that gives us somewhere around Rs. 70 crores of additional 
EBITDA from this acquired entity, which is equivalent to the amount we have paid to acquire it. And 
as you mentioned the payback period you were expecting was three years, but here it seems that in 
one year itself we will be able to recoup whatever we have paid at least in operating profit level. So, 
is that understanding correct or am I missing anything? 
Rahul Arora: 
The gross margin for this business is 65%. We are going to enter the new financial year in the early 
teens in terms of EBITDA margin and we will exit the financial year in the late 20s, or early 30s. 
Therefore, there is both an entry point and an exit point. I think if you are taking an average of 30% 
for the entire year, I wouldn't agree with that math, it'll be somewhere in between. In terms of the 
payback period, 3 years is when we want to recoup all the monies that have been invested during the 
3 years. Historically we have done better than that. for example, in the Highwire acquisition, our 
ROCE in the first year itself was 86%. Will this one be similar? I'm not sure, but it will be higher 
than our existing ROCE for the company, which is north of 30%. 
Keshav Garg: 
Now, we have three business divisions. So, now is there a fourth business division, this acquired 
entity, or which content platform or e-learning, where will these numbers be added? 
Rahul Arora: 
These numbers will be attributed to content and platforms. When we report our first quarter for 
FY'25 it will be clear what the distribution between those two segments is. At some point, depending 
on how this business performs, a better way to look at MPS might be B2B and B2C, but again that's 
two years away. But for now, I think we will probably just look at our business the same way and 
distribute the revenue and the income across content and platforms. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Dipesh Lakhani from Dolat Capital. Please go ahead. 
Dipesh Lakhani: 
What is the amortization that we might see on this acquisition? 
Sunit Malhotra: 
This would be based on the fair market which we are going to work out for each asset \ over the 
useful period of life, which is still under working. Therefore, we should be in a position to do the 
amortization once we have complete clarity and workings on that. 
Dipesh Lakhani: 
So, next quarter? 
Sunit Malhotra: 
Yes, it would be in the next quarter. 
Dipesh Lakhani: 
What is the timeline for the company's average profitability that you expect for AJE? When could 
we expect AJE’s profitability for the company? 
Rahul Arora: 
We are aiming for 12 months. We are hoping that the new financial year starts in the early teens and 
ends in the late 20s, or early 30s and the goal is not to stop there. This business also has tremendous 
operating leverage and beyond that, as revenue grows, margins will continue to expand. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankit Kanodia from Smart Sync Investment Advisory Services. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
We mentioned in the previous quarterly call results. So, I just wanted to know your point on, as you 
said that you will be having one more acquisition this year. So, how are we placed in terms of FY'25 
do we have more acquisition plans, and what is the funding scenario looking like, are we comfortable 
with internal accruals or are we planning to raise debt or maybe equity fundraise? 
Rahul Arora: 
The plan for acquisitions remains the same. The acquisition that I was talking about in the last call 
was this acquisition - AJE. The deal was at an advanced stage. It took longer to close than we had 
thought, and the next acquisition of course is what we are planning in FY'25. In terms of funds, we 
think it's going to be a combination of internal accruals, but also if debt is needed, we are comfortable 
raising debt to the tune of the forward financial years PAT.  We have been good on funding for the 
next acquisition. 
Ankit Kanodia: 
And we maintain our guidance of more than Rs.130 crores of PAT for the accounting year FY'24? 
Rahul Arora: 
In the last quarterly call, given the deferment of a large project on the e-learning side, we will 
probably miss our guidance of PAT for this financial year FY'24, but FY'25, we are bullish about 
performance. It's too soon for us to talk about FY'25 guidance, but at some point, next financial year, 
we will share that guidance. At this point, we can only say that we are very optimistic about FY'25. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rahul Bhansali from Parami Capital. Please go ahead. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Rahul Bhansali: 
Our business has scaled up significantly over the last two to three years and we are in different 
geographies now and we have B2B and B2C and it is scaled up a lot. So, I just wanted to understand 
how you plan to govern the business and what is your role going to be because it's a very different 
company from when you joined and also we are planning to acquire a couple of more businesses, so 
I just wanted to understand how do you plan to govern the business now? 
Rahul Arora: 
We have been planning and working diligently towards this outcome. Overall, we have been 
investing in the next three layers of management. We have General Management teams that we call 
the GMT, which are focused on specific business areas. We have another layer, what we call the 
SMT or senior management team, which spreads across multiple business areas and not specifically 
one business area. Finally, we have the leadership team which is focused on a vertical level, and 
some of us are also focused across verticals. In terms of my role, I'm of course the Chairman and 
CEO of the Company, and over a period, as we have scaled, I'm doing less and less in terms of daily 
transactions and focusing more on the growth of the business, the strategic thinking as well as driving 
the business forward from a Vision standpoint. Therefore, my role has significantly transformed in 
the last couple of years, and I've been able to do that because of an excellent team that is supporting 
me and some of the acquisitions that we have done have come with founders, and some of the ones 
that we will do forward as well, will also come with additional founders. These founders are being 
placed right at the leadership team from day one so that they can add tremendous value to the 
company as well as to the rest of the management team. So, absolutely the business scale is 
increasing, but we are also rapidly investing in management depth. We have created through the hard 
route, a culture of ownership. We have rewarded that culture of ownership through ESOPs, we today 
have 50 to 55 people that have ESOPs in the company. We have over 100 people who we call the 
torchbearers. So, between the GMT, SMT, and LT, there are about 30-35 people, and beyond 30-35 
people, there are another 100 people whom we call the torchbearers who are responsible for the day-
to-day transactions. So, yes, very astute observation. My specific role has transformed, but so have 
many others and we continue to invest in management and scaling the business. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mahesh, who's an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Mahesh: 
How long will you wait for the next acquisition? Is it dependent on or contingent on anything related 
to the AJE acquisition itself? 
Rahul Arora: 
No, nothing contingent on the AJE acquisition. I have a Managing Director in the US subsidiary 
who is running the integration agenda. He was the CEO at one of our US competitors and he joined 
us recently in the US. So, he's driving the integration agenda on AJE. My goal would be in 6-8 
months, we should do the next one. Of course, we are pursuing multiple opportunities. Therefore, 
timing also gets determined by how fast the sellers move. But yes, nothing contingent on how what 
AJE does. 
Mahesh: 
Also in Jan, you mentioned a new launch related to AI. Was that Curie? 
Rahul Arora: 
Yes, that was Curie. 

 
MPS Limited 
March 07, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Rahul Arora 
for closing comments. 
Rahul Arora: 
Thank you so much. AJE is our tenth acquisition since Macmillan entrusted us with the reins at MPS. 
How serendipitous that life has come full circle, and we acquire AJE from Springer Nature? My 
team and I are committed to supporting AJE towards its complete potential as we have done with 
MPS over the past decade.  
                                                AJE was founded to democratize discovery and research by an Indian immigrant. At MPS, our deep 
purpose has always been to further access educational learning and there could not be more 
alignment in purpose, mission, and values between MPS and AJE. A diligent and responsible team 
effort lies ahead to take an excellent strategy to a magical reality through a common culture. Thank 
you for your active participation in our announcement call on the recent acquisition. We appreciate 
all your thoughtful questions. Your unique outside in perspective helps us to learn and improve. I 
want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all our stakeholders for their continued 
support and respect. Our journey together has indeed been remarkable, and we have a tremendous 
opportunity to supercharge scale. 
                                                I look forward to your continued support, feedback, and partnership mindset. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of MPS Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. No 
unpublished price-sensitive information was shared/discussed on the call. 
