Registered Office: 23rd Floor, Vios Tower, New Cuffe Parade, Off Eastern Freeway, Wadala, Mumbai – 400037 
Tel: +91 22 6232 7400 Website: www.rallis.com 
Corporate Identity No. L36992MH1948PLC014083 
January 30, 2024 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
Scrip Code: 500355 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
Symbol: RALLIS 
Dear Sir,  
Sub: Transcript of Analysts’ Call pertaining to the Unaudited Financial Results for the 
 third quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023 
Further to our letter dated January 10, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Analysts' Call on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the third quarter and 
nine months ended December 31, 2023 held on Wednesday, January 24, 2024.  
The 
same 
is 
also 
being 
made 
available 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.rallis.com/investors/Financial-Performance 
You are requested to take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Rallis India Limited 
Srikant Nair 
Company Secretary & Compliance officer 
SRIKANT 
SHIVDAS 
NAIR
Digitally signed by 
SRIKANT SHIVDAS 
NAIR 
Date: 2024.01.30 
18:24:14 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 15 
 
 
Rallis India Limited 
9M & Q3 FY24 Conference Call Transcript 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Rallis India Limited's Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Gavin Desa from CDR India. Thank you and 
over to you sir.  
Gavin Desa: 
Thank you Michelle. Good day everyone and thank you for joining us on Rallis India 
Limited's 9M and Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us today, Mr. Sanjiv Lal – Managing Director and CEO, Mr. S. 
Nagarajan, – Chief Operating Officer and Ms. Subhra Gourisaria, Chief Financial 
Officer.  
Before we begin, I would like to mention that some of the statements made in today's 
discussions may be forward looking in nature and involve risks and uncertainties. A 
detailed statement in this regard is available in the “Results Presentation” sent to you 
earlier. 
I now invite Mr. Sanjiv Lal to open the proceedings of the call. Over to you Sanjiv.  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thanks Gavin and good morning, everyone. As usual I will start with a brief overview 
of the industry after which I will discuss the Rallis specific developments.  
To start with, the industry grappled with numerous challenges in the initial half of this 
fiscal. India itself experienced a 6% rain deficit compared to its historical average, 
posing difficulties beyond just the low precipitation, spatial distribution challenges 
also emerged. In particular, inadequate rainfall during Kharif led to moisture deficit 
in the soil and reduced water storage and reservoirs. The Rabi season witnessed a 
small decline in the sowing area compared to the corresponding period in the 
previous year. 
In addition to weather related challenges, the industry struggled with the declining 
prices of various generic active ingredients, primarily due to continuing high inventory 
overhang. 
On a global scale, challenges also emerged in Latin America which is a substantial 
market for numerous Indian agrochemical companies where demand remained 
subdued. North America and Europe faced de-growth issues attributed to channel 
inventory issues.  

 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
 
Moving on to Rallis Specific Developments: 
Our performance during the quarter is largely in line with what we have been guiding 
in our earlier calls. Volume growth for the quarter is positive but because of steep 
cost deflation, in fact our price growth was negative at 8% resulting in a revenue 
decline of 5%. Our revenues for the quarter stood at Rs.598 crore. EBITDA for the 
quarter stood at Rs.61 crore against Rs.53 crore during the corresponding period 
last year. PAT for the quarter stood at Rs.24 against Rs.22 during the corresponding 
period last year. During the quarter, EBITDA and PAT margins improved to 10.2% 
and 3.8% respectively, compared to Q3 of FY23.  
Moving on to the individual businesses: 
Starting with Domestic Crop Care: 
As mentioned earlier, revenues have been impacted by the delayed and 
unpredictable monsoons. Our efforts in terms of calibrating placements with market 
agility and focused marketing helped in a 6% revenue growth during the quarter, 
supported by 7% volume growth in crop care. Regarding regional demand, North, 
Central and Southeast Asia have exhibited resilience, while West and Southwest 
India, particularly in Maharashtra and Karnataka, have experienced subdued 
demand due to lingering effects of the deficit monsoon. Fungicide liquidation in 
Maharashtra has been sluggish, influenced by clear weather conditions and decline 
in onion crop sowing. 
Despite these hurdles, we remain focused towards enhancing our product mix, 
expanding our reach and deepening our connect with customers. We launched three 
new products during the quarter, for application in multiple crops. So far, during the 
first nine months of the current financial year, we have introduced 16 products across 
various categories and markets. We are optimistic that these efforts will contribute 
to our growth in the years ahead. Our distribution network for domestic crop care 
business stood at close to about 5000 distributors and our retail footprint has 
increased to about 62,000 as of end of December. 
Moving to International Business: 
Exports continue to witness challenge with 26% degrowth during the quarter. 
Demand in general remained muted across our key markets, including the United 
States and Europe. Product prices are soft and channel inventories continue to 
remain high. In terms of individual products.l our key products, Pendimethalin, 
Metribuzin, Acephate and Hexaconazole, witnessed an approximately 15% to 30% 
price decline versus the previous year. Even in these turbulent times, Pendimethalin 
is showing traction and we have announced expansion of capacity of Pendimethalin 
to support the positive growth momentum.  
Moving on to Contract Manufacturing: 
It continues to remain steady. As highlighted earlier, we have signed three contracts. 
One of them an intermediate had already commenced despatch in H1. During Q3 
we dispatched a new technical from a multipurpose plant for one of the Japanese 
innovators and a new formulation from our plant in the chemical zone. We are 
optimistic that over time we will be able to scale up our contract manufacturing 
business. 

 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
 
 
Our Seeds Business: 
We experienced a positive first half, predominantly fuelled by a strong performance 
of our cotton hybrid Diggaz. In addition to Diggaz, the new cotton hybrid, Aatish 
Express, has gained traction in Maharashtra and the southern cotton belt sales of 
other crops such as paddy maize and millet have been steady. Q3 being a small 
quarter, our revenue was Rs.32 crore. The distribution network for the seeds 
business is now around 2,750 distributors and a retail footprint of about 47,000 
retailers. While we have taken measures to enhance our Rabi portfolio, we anticipate 
that the seeds business will continue to be predominantly Kharif oriented in the near 
term. Our actions towards improving the profitability of our business are progressing 
well.  
In Summary: 
Although we anticipate ongoing challenges in the near term, especially in the exports 
business, we remain optimistic of the overall potential in the medium to long term. 
Our actions around portfolio expansion through new product launches and 
expansion of distribution reach and market investments will continue to drive 
profitable growth. We are also commencing the construction of our integrated R&D 
facility and expect it to be ready within 18 months and this is also going to go a long 
way in building a steady product pipeline in line with our long-term ambition. 
With these opening remarks, I will now request Subhra for analysis of our financials. 
Subhra over to you.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Thank you Sanjiv. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us today for 
our Q3 and 9M Earning Call. 
Let me quickly walk you through our financial performance for the Quarter, post 
which we should commence the Q&A session. 
Starting with the top line for the Quarter: 
Our revenue stood at Rs. 598 crore as against Rs. 630 crore generated during Q3 
of FY23 which is lower by 5%. Volume growth is positive, but pricing challenges have 
impacted the overall growth. EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs. 61 crore as against 
Rs. 53 crore during the corresponding period of last year. 
Margin for the quarter stood at 10% as against 8% during Q3 of last year. Our efforts 
around agile pricing, shorter pricing calls and shorter procurement have helped in 
improving gross contribution. 
Further, our actions around timely liquidation, even at lower prices in the past have 
ensured we are marked to market for finished goods. Lower exports mix, better 
domestic performance and overall cost control have helped in improving gross 
margin. We also continued to be prudent in terms of overheads during these 
turbulent times. Profit for the quarter stood at Rs. 24 crore as against Rs. 22 crore 
during Q3 of last year.  
 

 
Page 4 of 15 
 
Moving to Businesswise Performance: 
In the backdrop of challenging monsoon conditions and steep cost volatility, our 
actions have helped domestic business growth at 6%. We continue to focus on the 
quality of sales and collections. As far as international business is concerned the 
overall situation remains challenging. Demand as well as the pricing environment 
remains muted in turn impacting the revenue and profitability of the business. Our  
focus will be to drive volume growth as much as possible and ensure the best 
possible capacity utilization. We are also happy with the commencement of 
dispatches to a few new prominent global customers during the quarter. Our contract 
manufacturing business delivers steady performance during the quarter, and we 
remain positive on a long-term basis. 
As far as seeds is concerned, we've had a good year following the performance of 
cotton hybrids, Diggaz and Aatish Express. Our efforts on working capital continue 
to progress well. Our inventory levels are significantly under control, especially in the 
seeds business and we continue to remain cash positive during the quarter as well. 
On Capex, we envisage that our spends for this year would be in the range of Rs.150 
crore.  
To Conclude: 
I would like to reiterate that we remain positive on the business on a medium to long 
term basis, basis our recent strategic initiatives coupled with the commissioning of 
the Dahej unit. That concludes the opening remarks. 
We can now commence the Q&A session.  
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Prashant Biyani from Elara Securities.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Subhra ma'am, can you elaborate further on this agile pricing point and how it is 
bearing fruit for you on the margin expansion side?  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So,   what I meant was that we are looking at the market context and we are reviewing 
with the business team on what is the pricing actions to be taken to remain 
competitive in the market and as far as the international business is concerned, we 
had spoken in the past that even if we had to liquidate some of the products at a 
lower margin, we have done that to ensure that our inventory levels do not balloon. 
Both these actions, I would say have helped us in ensuring our gross margins are 
protected.  
Prashant Biyani: 
But on the international front, liquidating at a lower price would drag your margin. But 
is it only because of your change in geographic mix that we are seeing margin 
expansion, or this dynamic pricing is helping you to increase margin in the domestic 
business? If this is true, then how is it doing it?  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
So, our export margins are certainly under pressure but overall, at a product and a 
portfolio level we have been able to improve the margins. 
S Nagarajan: 
So, I think we have to distinguish between international business and the domestic 
business. As far as the international business, what you're saying is absolutely 
correct, our margins are actually lower right this quarter compared to the last year 
same quarter, Q3 of FY24 versus Q3 of FY23, for the reasons that are quite obvious 
in terms of the price points falling much faster than the cost points. As far as the 
domestic business is concerned, there is definitely an improvement in the margin 

 
Page 5 of 15 
 
and that is happening because of a couple of factors. One, of course, is the overriding 
drop in costs which is certainly facilitating the process. But I think in terms of pricing 
also, there is a lot of short calls that we have been taking in the last few months, 
particularly more in last 6 months I should say and certainly in Q3 also. What it means 
is that on a very short basis, like 10 days kind of basis, there is very close monitoring 
of how the product prices are moving. So that has contributed. The second is, of 
course, our mix also has improved I should say, in terms of the contribution margins. 
We have had some couple of new products that have been introduced which you are 
already aware of. Last quarter we introduced Clasto, an insecticide which has also 
been a good product from the point of view of margins as well. So, it's a combination 
of agile pricing, it's a combination of mix change in the domestic market and of course 
raw material cost reductions as well from the standpoint of GC level and at the overall 
level, there is fixed cost control also that was mentioned earlier. That has also 
contributed to EBIT margin improvement.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
And also the mix because domestic business has better gross margin, but on overall 
portfolio level as well the mix is positive. That's also contributed to the improvement 
in the gross margin.  
Prashant Biyani: 
Lastly, leaving aside this year, is there a steady state margin for international 
business or it is quite volatile depending on the global Ag-Chem prices leaving aside 
this year? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
It's actually quite volatile as you exactly said. It will depend on when the raw materials 
are sourced and it also differs between different products and the competitive 
context. But I think we had mentioned earlier as well that considering that the 
overheads are low for this business, at the EBITDA margin level, the business is 
comparable to domestic business in terms of margin on a longer-term .  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Asset 
Management.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions from my side. If I look at nine-month FY24 or Q3 FY24, 
your operating expenses have come off reasonably versus the base quarter, which 
is everything in conversion cost except employee cost. So, what are the key factors 
that have driven this? So that's one. The second, in terms of your seeds business, 
how are you guys placed to feed Kharif of ‘24 in terms of maize, paddy and cotton? 
And do you have products for Rabi Corn? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
On the fixed cost there has been a special emphasis that we've been giving on 
managing our cost structures at manufacturing levels as well as at the sales, 
marketing and other corporate related costs. That has certainly helped in managing 
the costs, I would say. And as far as the seeds business is concerned, there have 
been challenges in hybrid seed production. As far as cotton is concerned, I think we 
are largely in line with what we were expecting to produce for the upcoming Kharif 
and there is a certain inventory that we are holding. So, we still need to fully establish 
what is going to be the hybrid seed production from the current sowing season. So, 
we'll get an estimate of that. But yes, there is going to be a certain amount of pressure 
on next year's Kharif placement.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Is it pervasive across crops or are you talking only about cotton?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Cotton, largely we are okay because whatever we were intending for next year, we've 
been able to secure the production for that.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, your comment was more for the other crops? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
That's right.  

 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And are you present in corn which is sown in Rabi?  
S. Nagarajan: 
We have a very small presence,  
Sanjiv Lal: 
We are present but it's very small.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
And just last, if you could give us a sense on how much was Aatish in FY24 versus 
FY23 and the years before, because that product seems to be garnering reasonable 
traction and similar number for Diggaz? 
S. Nagarajan: 
We have crossed about 4 lakh packets for Diggaz this year and about 5.5 to 6 lakh 
packets for Aatish Express this year.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
And how much was this in the previous period, previous year? 
S. Nagarajan:  
Diggaz was last year closer to 2-2.5 lakhs so it's kind of double. Aatish was also 
roughly 2.5-2.75 kind of region. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
So, there's been reasonable growth across both the products?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes, it's doubled FY24 over the previous year. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital.  
Ankur Periwal: 
First question on the export or the international pricing. You did mention that lower 
pricing has been putting the margins under pressure. Just wanted to see where or 
how much the differential between our pricing versus competition is, which probably 
is largely China. So, pricing wise competitiveness over there?  
S Nagarajan: 
Well, obviously I think in the cases that we have been able to win the orders at an 
overall level, not just from the standpoint of competitiveness based on pure price 
alone but overall, in terms of service, availability, quality, timely supply, everything 
put together, we have been able to obviously be competitive. But if you just take 
purely on a pricing basis, certainly the prices from China are in some cases lower. 
But as you would appreciate, it is also an important point about registrations and all 
of that is going into a decision by the customer. We try to be fairly close to China. I 
can't say that we are lower than China. There are cases where China is definitely 
better than India and certainly our prices too.  
Ankur Periwal: 
And just a follow up, basis your understanding, is it that Chinese are selling it below 
the cost or maybe cost to cost?  
S Nagarajan: 
Its very difficult to predict their cost structure and all of that but the drops in prices 
are, as you know very steep. For the chemicals that we sell we have mentioned that 
we actually have seen 15% to 30% drop over last year, the same quarter Q3 of FY23. 
So, it's hard to say, but yes, it's possible.  
Ankur Periwal: 
And just second question on a strategy which you highlighted, the short cycle focus 
versus the long cycle one, is it more specific for the domestic market and which is 
where large part of the cost cutting as well as the margin accretion happened or are 
you focusing on this strategy equally across the export as well as the domestic crop 
care business?  
S Nagarajan: 
Both the markets. I think if you look at it from the front-end pricing point of view, it is 
of course in both the markets because even in the international markets, the demand 
situation is fairly weak, it is still muted. So, we are taking short and even the 
customers would like to sort of keep it short. And the domestic market, of course, we 

 
Page 7 of 15 
 
are doing that. From a procurement point of view also we have shortened our cycles. 
We are actually taking near-term procurement calls so that we are able to sort of 
navigate the cost points if the raw material prices were to further fall down.  
 Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Viraj from Securities Investment Management 
Pvt Ltd.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
Just three broader questions. First is on a domestic piece and the question is largely 
one is on the volume outperformance. So, you are having positive volume growth in 
an environment where the industry inventory is quite high, and the season has not 
been that great. So, if you can just probably give more elaborate color in terms of the 
drivers of that growth in terms of the new product scale up and how is the 
performance of the base business has been in domestic crop care? 
S Nagarajan: 
So, in domestic, I think the volume growth is largely coming because of our 
insecticide category. That is, of course, related to the new products that we have 
launched. Benzilla, which was launched in this quarter and Clasto, which was 
launched the last quarter. Benzilla, of course, as you know is for BPH control in 
paddy and Clasto is for whitefly control in cotton . These two have contributed 
significantly for the overall growth. We have had challenges on the fungicide front as 
was also mentioned earlier. So, there has been I could say adegrowth there. But 
overall insecticide is what has driven the growth. Geographically Andhra, Telangana, 
these locations have actually driven the growth, if you look at it for the last quarter.  
Viraj Kacharia: 
But a lot of these will be primarily placement driven not consumption driven. Because 
most of the key market season for this will be primarily Kharif, maybe not that much 
Rabi, especially for cotton or paddy crop. So, do you see a possibility of sales return 
kind of situation going into Q4?  
S Nagarajan: 
Well, I think the BPH product, Benzilla BPH comes late in the crop lifecycle for paddy. 
So, it actually comes in the Q3 because in Kharif of ‘23, the crop would have started. 
And then it would have reached maybe close to 80 or 90 days, depending on the 
market, 70 to 100 days kind of a time frame in Q3. So, liquidation has been 
happening there. And we have also found that for cotton, it was almost kind of the 
tail end stages in Q3. So therefore, the amount of Clasto that has gone there is 
actually comparatively small.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Eesha Mohanty from Kotak Securities.  
Eesha Mohanty: 
My first question is the impact on the revenues because of the Red Sea freight 
disruption. And the second question is, what sort of revenue could we expect from 
the new contract manufacturing product in the upcoming years? 
S Nagarajan: 
Red Sea, I think the impact has been more from the standpoint of higher freight 
costs. Definitely that is impacting us, and we do have sales there in the European 
and around that Mediterranean Sea region which was dependent on the Suez Canal. 
So, there is an impact consequent to that.  
Eesha Mohanty: 
What sort of revenue could we expect from the new contract manufacturing products 
in the upcoming year?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
So,   what we have mentioned is that our new opportunities in contract 
manufacturing, these are smaller opportunities, so they will take time to scale up. So, 
what we are currently trying to do is to add more and more products and customers 
in our contract manufacturing business. So, there will be a number of small 
opportunities that we will be building on. It will take some time to scale because some 
of them are very new products in the market. So, it'll take some time to scale.  

 
Page 8 of 15 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking.  
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just wanted to know if price erosion was close to 15%-30% so if you can just name 
key molecules and what is the price erosion over there,that will be really helpful. 
S Nagarajan: 
I think this is the general overall range for all the molecules. Specific as you know, 
there is published information that is available, it can be accessed but this is broadly 
the kind of range for our portfolio.  
Bhavya Gandhi: 
If you could name any key molecules and their prices one year back and what is the 
price right now?  
S Nagarajan: 
Well, not readily available. So that's why I was saying that this is the range. We can 
share it with you later or you can also look it up. It's available.  
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And also, just wanted to know, what was the current quarter international versus 
domestic mix and for nine months as well? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Current quarter versus international would be domestic to international would be 
broadly 2:1. So 35% would come from international business. Domestic business 
65% and on a year-on-year basis is in the similar vicinity.  
Sanjiv Lal: 
30%-32% will be international be on the lower side this year.  
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And just one last question. In history, have we seen this kind of scenario where 
channel inventory has been to this level and how long did this cycle last historically? 
If yes then is it like a 2–3-year cycle or is it like a four-five quarter cycle? Because 
I'm seeing all our agrochemical companies, they are forwarding their guidance 
maybe by one-two-three quarters then now. So, if you can just elaborate on that front 
historically, what has been the outlook?  
S Nagarajan: 
Historic. No, I don’t have that kind of information historic, but it has happened in the 
past also. But of course, the reasons and the contributory factors would have been 
very different at that point in time. I think 2013 or 15 or something. The drivers were 
different at that point in time. Now the drivers are, of course, quite different. How long 
it will stretch, we certainly think that this quarter is something where we have very 
good visibility, and it is not ending in a hurry in this quarter. Now we will have to see 
how quickly in the next financial year it will revive. Whether it is going to be Q1 or Q2 
is a little bit hard to say at this point in time.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of S. Ramesh from Nirmal Bang Equities.  
S. Ramesh: 
If you see the trend in gross margins and EBITDA margins, what would be the 
difference in terms of the EBITDA margin or the absolute EBITDA between the 
international business and the domestic business? And you can give us the share of 
the international revenues in 3Q or nine months that will be very useful.  
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I think we gave you the share already that it was broadly 65% for domestic business. 
As far as the EBITDA margin is concerned and I'll talk more about the steady state. 
The steady state international business will make lesser gross margin but at EBITDA 
margin, both the business would be broadly similar.  
 S. Ramesh: 
So, you are saying international business is still profitable, although there has been 
a 15% to 30% decline in the prices, right?  

 
Page 9 of 15 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
I'm not talking about this quarter, but on a longer-term basis. And yes, international 
business is certainly profitable, even for this quarter on a gross margin basis. And 
overheads are not very high if you take the exclusive costs.  
S. Ramesh: 
So, if you take, assuming normalized inventory levels and normalized procurement 
and placement, do we see the domestic and international margins kind of reach 
parity? And to that extent, can we expect your overall growth in earnings and cash 
flows to show a positive trajectory over the next 2 years? And to that extent, can we 
expect the ROCE to show an improvement in the next 2-3 years?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Yes, I think certainly as Subhra was mentioning on a steady state basis, at the 
EBITDA margin level, the international business will be more or less in line with the 
domestic business.  
S. Ramesh: 
Just one last thought on the contract business. When do you see the contract 
manufacturing business reach a material share in terms of the overall revenue 5%-
10%? And is that going to be similar in terms of a margin and ROCE profile or would 
you be able to reach a certain critical mass where the margin and return profile in 
the contract manufacturing would be higher than your existing crop care business? 
Because if you see the contract manufacturing companies across India and other 
countries, the margins tend to be a little bit higher. So, what is your overall sense of 
the business you're building?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
That is true. Contract manufacturing does have better margins than what we call 
catalogue sales. And what is positive is that one of the businesses of ours, which is 
that polymer business which had been almost dormant for quite a period of time, is 
now slowly coming back. So that will also help in sort of improving the percentage of 
our business coming from exports. So, we see the contract manufacturing business 
steadily grow over the next 2-3 years because some new products also being 
introduced for catalogue sales in the exports business apart from contract 
manufacturing opportunities which we've already mentioned.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from Centrum broking.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
First question is on CAPEX. So, I believe including the FY24 CAPEX we will be 
completing the Rs.800 crore that we had planned a few years ago. How much of this 
is currently reflected in terms of revenues or rather not exactly revenues, but may be 
from a utilization perspective? Just to get an understanding that this capacity will be 
available for the next 2 years or 2.5 years or so. And just a number, what would be 
the CAPEX run rate from FY25 onwards? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, in terms of the big-ticket items, we had the formulation facility in the chemical 
zone. So that is fairly good in terms of its utilization. The multipurpose plant, which 
was the other big-ticket investment of ours, we are expecting about 60% capacity 
utilization next year as we add more products to it. And of course, we've also done 
a number of capacity enhancements for our existing products. Most of them have 
already been operationalized. The next big-ticket investment is the work which we 
are starting on the new R&D center that will be spread out over the next 15 to 18 
months in terms of expenditure. So largely we are outlooking about Rs.150 crore for 
the current financial year and maybe next year it’ll be about Rs.170 odd crore.  
Rohit Nagraj: 
Second question is on Pendi. So, what is the current competitive scenario and what 
gives us confidence of putting up incremental facility when in China we have been 
seeing that there have been capacity enhancements across all the generics.  
Sanjiv Lal: 
I think for us we have a good customer list with us and our business has been quite 
steady with our existing customers, price drops and all notwithstanding all those 
issues, but certainly, we see that there's an opportunity for us to further add capacity 

 
Page 10 of 15 
 
so that we are able to support our customers in the key markets. In fact, what has 
also happened is that we have also got the Europe registration for Pendimethalin, so 
that is giving us another direct market.  
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Vishnu Kumar AS from Avendus Spark.  
Vishnu Kumar AS: 
Just on the contract manufacturing business, you highlighted that we would see 
some growth from here on. Is that business fixed margin or will we see some volatility 
if the prices go up and down?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
Typically for our contract manufacturing, the way we are structuring the contracts are 
with key raw material costs being passed through. So, in a way it is supporting the 
level of margin that we'll be getting from these contracts. Does that answer your 
question?  
Vishnu Kumar AS: 
Yes. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
I was just saying that the key starting materials are all pass-through costs.  
Vishnu Kumar AS: 
So irrespective of the Chinese, assuming the prices continue to be soft, we will at 
least get the fixed margin per kilo exported. Would that be a right understanding?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
That will be a correct understanding that we are having a pass through for the key 
raw materials.  
Vishnu Kumar AS: 
What level of growth can we expect? Even if you can give some sense into the next 
couple of years on this side of the business, if you could help us on that.  
Sanjiv Lal: 
One is as I mentioned, that one of our key products which is at polymer is coming 
back. So that itself we should see it getting back to its historical levels over the next 
2-3 years. Our new business opportunities are going to be small ticket opportunities 
and we are quite happy to support new customers with even small volumes. A 
purpose of our multipurpose plant is to give that flexibility to be able to meet customer 
needs. I would not want to hesitate a percentage growth. But I would certainly say 
that we should be well placed to add at least two new customers products over the 
next 3 years.  
Vishnu Kumar AS: 
And one final, if I may, reservoirs are not great. And also, we are hearing that the 
snowfall in the North has not been—at least in the upper reaches of Himalaya, has 
not been—good. Do we expect that the upcoming season for Kharif will be a bit more 
challenging and in any sense that you could give us, at least on this side, if these 
two conditions are there in the past, things have not been great, any sense on that?  
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, actually, if one goes with the kind of information that is currently available, it is 
certainly not going to be very easy. To start with, there is a lower reservoir level, so 
it's already impacting what's happening in Rabi. That is one. Second is that if you 
look at the El Nino forecast, the probability of El Nino continuing into next year is 
almost at 75% probability. So, some of these things as of now, give you the sense 
that it may not be so straightforward. So, we'll have to wait for some guidance coming 
from IMD and others, but this is what is the current information. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Darshita Shah from Antique Stock Broking. 
Darshita shah: 
I just had one question regarding the tax rate during the quarter. What was the 
reason behind it being lower and is it sustainable in nature? 

 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
The tax rate is dependent on, of course, how the income tax, I mean to say tax profit 
is calculated, which takes into consideration income taxdepreciation and others. And 
that is where there is some difference when you're comparing year-on-year. So, I 
wouldn't be able to say whether it will continue or not continue, but you can, for all 
practical purposes, consider the marginal tax rate as for your working. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sneha Jain from SKS Capital. 
Sneha Jain: 
I just wanted to ask what would be the impact if there is any logistics or shipping cost 
increase because of the Red Sea situation? 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
Your question is shipping cost impact because of the Red Sea issue? 
Sneha Jain: 
Yes. 
S Nagarajan: 
Maybe a few tens of cents per kg. 
Subhra Gourisaria: 
The situation is, I would say, dynamic. And we’ll have to see how this impacts the 
overall costing. 
Sneha Jain: 
And secondly, the destocking of the invention, what is the current situation and has 
it improved? Is the outlook going forward is better. 
S Nagarajan: 
At this point in time, it still seems to be fairly highly stocked. There are some products 
where, for example, the imports that are coming into the US market are looking a 
little better than what they were one year back, November-December 2023 versus 
November-December 2022. But I think it is too early to say across the board and it 
is too early to say across all markets. So, we do expect as far as this quarter is 
concerned, like we mentioned a little earlier, things are not looking like it is going to 
be addressed. Now, how quickly it will get addressed in the next financial year is 
what we are now trying to see whether it is going to be late Q1 or early Q2, or in Q2. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sandeep Abhange from LKP Securities. 
Sandeep Abhange: 
I had questions related to your seeds business. So, your seed business has been 
higher by 33% during this quarter. Just wanted to know what drove these sales. And 
overall, just wanted to know the outlook for 2024 for your seeds business particularly. 
S Nagarajan: 
So, this quarter is a very small quarter, Rs.32 crore and Rs.24 crore was the last 
year figure. So that one-third what you're talking about increase, I would suggest that 
we should look at it over a longer, like a YTD kind of a basis. On a YTD basis, what 
has driven a larger revenue this year, like we mentioned earlier, has been our 
performance on Diggaz and in Aatish. I wouldn't set too much store by the Q3 33% 
growth. As far as next year is concerned, I think like what was mentioned earlier, 
certainly we are having challenges this year in terms of the seed production, we are 
in the midst of the production season, so we will have to really see where we close 
on maize and paddy, not on cotton, but on maize and paddy in terms of production 
levels and therefore, after you add up the inventory levels that we are already 
carrying, where we might end on the supply levels for next year. So, we'll have some 
better clarity maybe a few weeks down the line. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Anik Mitra from Finnomic Solution Pvt Ltd. 
Anik Mitra: 
My first question is related to the late monsoon, which is evident for last two, three 
years continuous basis. So what strategy you are adopting? And you also rightly 
mentioned about 75% probability of El Nino this year. So what strategy you are 
adopting considering late monsoon in this year as well. 

 
Page 12 of 15 
 
S Nagarajan: 
So, one of the things that has actually contributed to the success of many of the 
hybrids that we have in the market from a seed point of view, has been the shorter 
duration of them, whether you take Diggaz or even Aatish. So, I think one of the 
important things is to try and make sure we have enough short duration products on 
the seed side. As far as the crop care and crop protection business is concerned, I 
think it is a challenge because you go with the assumption that things might be 
normal and then you end up placing certain stocks and then you have some difficulty 
later on. So, what we are trying to do is to try and get as much information as close 
to the placement as possible. And there our deployment of the integrated business 
planning tool, the digitalization efforts that we are undertaking, it’s just started this 
year, we are hoping that it will have some meaningful benefit in terms of helping us 
to predict the kind of demand that might be there in the market. It’s early days, but 
that is what we are doing. And of course, to have a portfolio which can actually 
address if there are any changes in circumstances, rather than just focusing on one 
or two products which could get disrupted if things change adversely for those 
products. So those are the things that we are doing. 
Anik Mitra: 
My next question is related to a few products like do you see any price erosion in 
Acephate, Pendimethalin, Metribuzin, PEKK, if you can throw some light in the 
international market point of view and as well as in the domestic market. 
S Nagarajan: 
In fact, that is what we mentioned. All the products that we are having in our portfolio, 
Pendimethalin, Metribuzin, all those products which you mentioned, we have seen 
price erosion between 15% to 30% compared to the last year same time. 
Anik Mitra: 
This is in the Indian market? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
In the international market. These are in the international market. And the cost also 
has gone down. So, these are price reductions. But there's also cost reductions 
which have happened in the international market. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Asset 
Management. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a question on the crop care business, the technical business. Acephate, Pendi, 
Hexaconazole, Metribuzin, these are some of your key products. You seem to have 
reasonable global scale in these products. So, you would have a sense on peer set 
cost structures, whether it's in India and China. And some of these products, or 
maybe most of these products are also seeded by Chinese players. We have seen 
in the last six, eight months where in case of other products, the market pricing has 
been onerous enough for the technical prices to be maybe at par or maybe in some 
cases even lower than the variable cost of production because of the aggression that 
some of the peers have demonstrated. Has it been true in your set of products? 
S Nagarajan: 
On an average basis we are not in a negative contribution, if you can call it like that. 
We are not in that kind of situation. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
But you have seen it happening across other molecules. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Just to also add, for example, if you are seeing significant price erosion where we 
feel that it is not even covering our cost of manufacturing, we simply don't produce 
that material. We don’t want to be sitting on inventory in a market which is uncertain. 
For example, just to let you know that Metribuzin is one of such products that we've 
been having significant challenges because one is the inventory is high plus the price 
is low. So, we prefer to keep the asset idle rather than to produce and hold wrong 
priced inventory. Likewise, even for Acephate, we've seen very-very sharp decline 
in sales, especially from key markets like Brazil. And there again, there are no 

 
Page 13 of 15 
 
buyers, even at any price, there are no buyers. So there again, we've had to take 
slight production cuts so that we don't end up sitting with the wrong inventory. 
S. Nagarajan: 
And that is what, actually when we talked about agility earlier, I think it is across 
multiple dimensions. Pricing was one part of it, but also in procurement and in 
production also basically the supply chain as well. So, we haven't been in that kind 
of situation. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Would it be possible for you to hazard a guess that the players who are supplying at 
the current prices in all the markets that you also play in, would you be able to 
comment whether in your view, at the prices currently for, say, something like an 
Acephate or Metribuzin, are those players making any profits? 
S Nagarajan: 
Hard to say. I think some of them are based in China also. For example, for 
Acephate, there are producers in China. It’s very hard to really say what their cost 
structure is. But I think, let’s put it this way, I think if you push for answer, yes, the 
possibility exists that there could be negative GCs, possibility exists, but we don’t 
know for sure. 
Moderator: 
We’ll take the next question from the line of Viraj Kacharia from Securities Investment 
Management Pvt Ltd. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Two questions. First is just continuing with the question from the earlier participant, 
to put it in a different way, are you seeing any signs of capacity adjustment, say, in 
China or India, for the major products which we cater to? 
  
Any perspective on Demand side, could you give a fair color that the end markets 
are not doing that great, and say in US or Europe or LATAM, even the current season 
has not been great, but on the supply side, are you seeing any signs of capacity 
closure or shutdowns, both in India and China for the major products which we cater 
to? 
S Nagarajan: 
So it is, again, you see, definitely, I think 2023 has been a very difficult year and we 
have heard situations where smaller players have had deep troubles in terms of 
being able to make their ends meet because the prices have got so depressed. 
Maybe they are sitting on high-cost inventory themselves in terms of raw material, 
making it very difficult for them to hold on. If they produce and sell, they end up with 
losses. If they don't, they are ending up with high capital being locked up in inventory. 
So, there are these kinds of things that we hear, but explicitly for the products that 
we are operating, whether some capacity is working its way out of the market, 
whether it is for Acephate or Pendi, we have not heard about that. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Any further increase in capacity or new addition? 
S Nagarajan: 
Capacity additions have also been obviously affected. Because everybody has, at 
least in the customer conversations that we have, indicated that everybody is really 
focused on dealing with the current inventory overhang that is there at an overall 
level. And certainly, for the products that we are having also we have not heard 
somebody has added capacity, let's say, in the last six months to nine months. 
Viraj Kacharia: 
Second question is on the gross margin part. So, if you look at overall reported 
financial, we saw a little over 300 basis point expansion in gross margin. When you 
look at the domestic piece, the margin expansion could be well over 500 basis point 
year-on-year. Now, the question is that you highlighted that there are three reasons 
for the margin expansion. But if you were to just understand the major factor among 
three, the RM part, the dynamic pricing, and the new product piece, what is the larger 
factor driving the margin expansion and how does dynamic pricing really aim in 
margin expansion? If you can just probably elaborate more on that. 

 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Sanjiv Lal: 
When we are talking about dynamic pricing, if you recall, we had also said that we 
are going to be taking shorter pricing calls for procurement of materials. So, if we are 
very clear as to what price we are able to procure some of the key actives, we know 
how to price it. And we are not sitting on higher cost inventory, which is forcing us to 
price it at a level which we will be losing sales. So that is, I think, what has 
contributed. Basically, taking shorter procurement calls has helped us in this dynamic 
pricing. 
S Nagarajan: 
Just to give a little bit more clarity for you as a process, for example, when we are 
buying some stuff, along with the procurement team, we also have a marketing 
person embedded in that process so that there is actually an integrated view we are 
able to take about the overall end to end, how the whole thing will play out from a 
margin, from volume point of view, it is a more inclusive or a more collective kind of 
a decision process, and that allows us to take better calls. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Bhavya Gandhi from Dalal & Broacha Stock 
Broking. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
Just one question on the contract manufacturing side. Just wanted to know, is it like 
a long-term agreement or do we have any minimum offtake guaranteed, or how is it, 
if you can throw some light on the same? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
So, for older contracts, these are, in a way, long term only. It's not that we have a 
fixed price for a long period, but yes, there's a long-term commitment to each other, 
from our customer and from us. For some of the newer opportunities, since some of 
these products are new products, these are still on the basis of shorter contracts. 
They're not long-term contracts, but I guess once the product becomes successful 
in the market, they will convert into longer term contracts. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And are we the sole supplier for this or are there other suppliers also for this product. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
At least for one of the molecules that we are currently doing for the Japanese 
innovator, we are the only ones. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And is there any minimum offset guaranteed to you at least? 
Sanjiv Lal: 
As I mentioned we are supporting them with establishing their product and we also 
need them to succeed for the volumes to build up for us. So, we have not tied them 
into any long-term contracts. 
Bhavya Gandhi: 
And on the process front, we don't do any innovation, right? I mean, on the process 
front, its only contract manufacturing, bulk manufacturing, if I'm not wrong. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
As it turns out, for this particular product, there's been a lot of work that has been 
done in our labs by our team, and the customer has been guided by the work that 
our team have done. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjiv Lal: 
Thank you, and I hope we've been able to provide clarity on your questions. For us, 
Q4 is a smaller quarter, and our larger focus will be on planning for the upcoming 
Kharif that we've talked about some of the potential challenges on the seed side, 
especially in terms of availability for the next season. But we are just working through 
that. We expect international business, which has been another problematic area for 
the last three quarters, we expect this to pick up momentum only towards the end of 
Q1 all going well. But as one of the participants in today's call mentioned, that new 

 
Page 15 of 15 
 
guidance keeps coming in terms of when things will start normalizing. So, we are 
also hopeful that maybe Q1, Q2, things will start normalizing. And inventory 
destocking is taking more time than what we had thought about because if you'll 
recall, we were actually expecting things to turn around by Q4 which is not really 
happening. We will continue to pursue all efforts to drive maximum utilization of our 
plants and get volume led growth, with price possibly coming under pressure. 
Margins will remain a priority and we will continue to improve on an annualized basis 
through better product mix and pricing actions which we talked about. Our recent 
initiatives position us well to capitalize on the growth opportunities in both domestic 
and international markets, and we will further focus on improving collections. That is 
going to be an important area for us. Investments that we have made over the last 
couple of years in R&D, product development, manufacturing and capabilities will 
enable us to drive our growth agenda in a sustainable way. Our long-term strategy 
of driving competitive growth remains on track, and we will keep reviewing all 
opportunities as relevant. Thank you all very much for joining till we meet next quarter 
end. Thank you. 
  
