 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
Corporate Office: 4th Floor, OIA House, 470, Cardinal Gracious Road, Andheri (E), Mumbai 400099, India. 
Registered Oﬃce: Plot No. 170-172, Chandramouli Industrial Estate, Mohol Bazarpeth, Solapur - 413 213, India. 
T: 91 22 68297979 CIN: L74900PN2011PLC139963 E: complianceoﬃcer@glenmarklifesciences.com W: www.glenmarklifesciences.com 
 
 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
To, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To, 
Dy. General Manager 
The Manager – Listing, 
 
 
Department of Corporate Services,  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd., 
BSE Ltd., 
 
 
                                        Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
  
 
 
Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
 
 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Ref: Scrip Code: 543322 
 
 
 
Ref: Scrip Name: GLS 
 
Dear Sirs,                                                                                                                                                                                       
 
Sub: Transcript of Earning Calls 
 
Pursuant to the Regulation 30(6) read with Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements), Regulations 2015, the transcript of Earning Call 
held on Wednesday, January 24, 2024 for the third quarter and Nine months ended 
December 31, 2023 is available on website of the Company at: 
https://www.glenmarklifesciences.com/pdf/GlenmarkLife-Earnings-24Jan-2024.pdf 
 
 
The said transcript is also attached. 
 
Request you to kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Glenmark Life Sciences Limited  
 
 
 
Rudalf Corriea 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Encl: As above 
RUDALF 
JOSEPH 
CORRIEA
Digitally signed by 
RUDALF JOSEPH 
CORRIEA 
Date: 2024.01.31 
22:29:01 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
“Glenmark Life Sciences Limited Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: DR. YASIR RAWJEE – MANAGING DIRECTOR & CEO, 
GLENMARK LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED 
MR. TUSHAR MISTRY – CFO, GLENMARK LIFE 
SCIENCES LIMITED 
MS. SOUMI RAO – CORPORATE COMMUNICATIONS & 
CSR, GLENMARK LIFE SCIENCES LIMITED 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Soumi Rao from Glenmark Life Sciences Limited. Thank 
you and over to you, ma'am. 
Soumi Rao: 
Good morning, everyone. I welcome you all to the Earnings Call of Glenmark Life Sciences 
Limited for the quarter ended December 31st, 2023. 
From Glenmark Life Sciences, today we have with us Dr. Yasir Rawjee – our MD and CEO and 
Mr. Tushar Mistry – our CFO. 
Our board has approved the Results for the Quarter Ended December 31st, 2023. We have 
released the same to the stock exchanges and updated it on our website. Please note that the 
recording and transcript of this call will be available on the website of the Company. 
Now I'd like to draw your attention to the fact that some of the information shared as part of this 
call, especially the information with respect to our plans and strategies may contain certain 
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on 
the current expectations, forecasts and assumptions that are subject to risks which could cause 
actual results to differ materially from these statements depending upon the economic 
conditions, government policies and other incidental factors. Such statements should not be 
regarded by recipients as substitute of their own judgment. The Company undertakes no 
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new 
information, future events or otherwise. Our actual results may differ materially from those 
expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 
With that, I invite Dr. Yasir Rawjee to say a few words. Thank you and over to you, Dr. Rawjee. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Soumi, thanks. Good morning, welcome to our Earnings Call. 
Wish you all a Happy new year. As we get into the new year, just a quick overview in terms of 
what's happening in the industry overall. So, things have picked up certainly, the US has 
improved. Inflation also seems to be cooling down which is a big positive. With respect to 
geopolitical issues, of course, these conflicts are not helping the situation, but it's manageable, I 
would say. There is an improvement from China in terms of the supply situation and things have 
definitely eased. The domestic economy is also doing well, so we see a robust demand overall. 
This business with the Red Sea may have some impact mainly on freight, but it also results in 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
longer supply chains, so it would have some kind of inventory impact. We may have to stock up 
a little more, but let's see how that pans out. 
As far as our performance goes, we've had a decent performance. We've had just under 6% 
growth on the topline. This is driven by an external business of just under 10% growth and then 
GPL has been flattish this quarter. From a regional perspective, we've had solid growth in India, 
US, Latin America and RoW markets, whereas the Europe business has been flattish. Japan has 
reported a deep growth because of some inventory at the customers that they built up in the last 
few quarters on account of launches. 
As we guided in the previous quarter, CDMO had a significant upturn in Q3. We've signed a 
new contract for a supply of API. This is a multi-year agreement and the minimum off-take 
commitment is about $5 million. We expect that this contract will commercialize sometime next 
year and it could also lead to significant expansion with this customer. Also, with respect to 
other clients, we've got other irons in the fire with respect to CDMO and those are also 
progressing very nicely. 
Now, before getting into the pipeline: 
It's important that we emphasize that even though we've had a single digit growth, the bottomline 
growth has been much better because of our focus on niche products, cost management and 
optimum utilization of our resources. So, while topline has been a little soft, the bottomline 
continues very strongly. Now in terms of product pipeline, we continue to file in various markets. 
So, our DMF and CEP filings have crossed 500 as of December 31st, again driven largely by 
cardiovascular and CNS therapies. During the quarter, we added four new products to the 
pipeline with one high potency API and three Synthetic smog. So, coming to high potency API, 
we now have 13 products with an addressable market of 24 billion and three products have been 
validated and four products are in advanced stages. 
Now, before I conclude, I'd like to share an update on the Nirma acquisition: 
We've received an approval from the Competition Commission of India and waiting for some 
more approvals for completion of the open offer and so on. Now, once these steps are finalized 
and the deal is complete, we will proactively communicate to you providing clear insights into 
our future strategy. Till then, I request your patience on this subject. 
As highlighted in the previous call, the core strategy of GLS will remain unchanged. Any new 
strategy developed will only be incremental to our core approach. In closing, I am optimistic of 
delivering stable growth in FY24 driven by a pretty solid order book in the external business 
including CDMO business. However, we expect some slowdown in the GPL business which 
might lead to slightly lower growth than initially projected for the year. 
With that, I'll hand it over to Tushar, our CFO. Tushar, over to you. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
Tushar Mistry: 
Thank you, Dr. Yasir. Hello and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 FY24 Earnings 
Call. 
I would like to briefly touch upon the “Key Performance Highlights” for the Quarter and Nine 
Months ended 31st December 2023 and then we'll open the floor for questions-and-answers. 
Our revenue from operations for the quarter stood at Rs. 573 crores, a growth of 5.9% year-on- 
year, a degrowth of 3.8% on sequential basis. This was driven by a steady 9.8% growth in 
external business which was offset by a flattish GPL business. 
The gross profit for the quarter was at 331 crores, up 19.8% year-on-year. Gross margin for the 
quarter was at 57.7% mainly on account of better product mix and lower input costs. EBITDA 
for the quarter was at 174 crores up 14.6% year-on-year. EBITDA margin for the quarter was at 
30.4%, driven by better. gross margins. 
As mentioned in Q2 FY24 Earnings Call, employee cost remained elevated due to the bonus 
approval based on the past performance of the management. The employee costs will remain 
higher for Q4 as well and then shall return to normalcy. The PAT for the quarter stood at Rs. 
119 crores, a growth of 13.1% year-on-year with PAT margins coming at 20.7%. 
Let me quickly discuss nine months’ numbers as well: 
Revenue from operations for nine months FY24 was at 1,747 crores, a growth of 13.4% year-
on-year. Gross profit for nine months was at 983 crores up 22% year on year. Gross margin for 
9 months expanded by 390 basis points to 56.3%. EBITDA was at 542 crores up 72.3% with 
margins at 31%. PAT for nine months was at 373 crores up 16.3% year-on-year. 
Moving on to the segmental performance for Q3 FY24: 
Generic API revenues grew by 6.4% year-on-year to Rs. 511 crores driven by strong growth in 
external business. 
CDMO business recovered strongly with revenue of Rs. 36 crores, a growth of 40.4% quarter-
on-quarter and 27.2% year-on-year. I would also like to highlight that the new CDMO agreement 
which Dr. Yasir alluded to in his opening remarks improves our revenue visibility for the CDMO 
business in the coming year. 
Looking at the therapeutic mix, CVS and CNS portfolio continues to lead the growth with 
diabetes portfolio seeing good traction during the quarter. R&D expenditure for the quarter was 
at Rs. 18.4 crores, which was 3.2% of our sales. 
Touching upon the balance sheet and cash flow movements: 
Starting with working capital: 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
Working capital remains stable during nine months at 170 days. CAPEX for 9 months was at 
Rs. 93 crores and we expect to close FY24 with a CAPEX of around Rs. 150 crores to Rs. 160 
crores. 
We continue to remain a net debt-free Company. For nine months FY24, we generated free cash 
flow of Rs. 221 crores with cash and cash equivalents of Rs. 236 crores on the books as of 31st 
December 2023. 
To conclude: 
As Dr. Yasir mentioned, our order book remains strong but Q4 is something that we are looking 
at as how it will get to. And with that, I would like to conclude my remarks and we can open the 
floor for Q&A. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal, from Old Bridge Asset Management. Please go 
ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
I had three questions. One, if you could comment on the Volume growth for the business for this 
quarter? The second question is, on the employee cost, the run rate at which we are running at 
currently, would it be prudent to presume this to be the new base as we move to FY25 or some 
part of it is really one time and in that sense the real base will be lower. That’s second. And third, 
the sense that I got from your commentary for Q4 is that probably things are now going to play 
out as per expectation. So, if you could elaborate a bit on that. Thanks 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Tarang, Tushar will take the employee cost piece, right. So, with respect to volume growth, 
volume growth has been pretty steady across markets, so no challenge there. With respect to Q4, 
we have a pretty strong order book on the external side and like I said GPL may come a little 
softer, Q4 last year was a very strong quarter. We fired on all cylinders in Q4 last year. Given 
that, that situation doesn't look like it will pan out again this Q4. So, yes, we do expect some 
softness, but we still have another two months to go, and the order book is shaping up very 
nicely. 
Tushar Mistry: 
Employee cost if you see it is around 12% of revenue. Historically, we were always at around 
8.5% to 9% kind of range. This is only current scenario. For this three quarters that I had 
mentioned in the last quarter as well in Q2. So, this higher employee cost will remain for Q2, 
Q3 and Q4. We should return back to our normal levels at around 9% from Q1 onwards is our 
expectation at this stage. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just to follow up, in terms of volumes typically you've grown at anywhere between 15% to 20%. 
Would that be a similar range for this quarter as well? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, it's a mix of price and volume, Tarang. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
Tushar Mistry: 
You can consider it around 4% as the price erosion that we have seen generally, between 3.5% 
to 4%, the balance will be all volume. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charul Agrawal from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 
Charul Agrawal: 
My first question is with regards to the GPL business. Like the commentary has been that this 
quarter has been muted and we expect the next quarter also to be slightly good. Is there any 
particular reason to this and is it only a one or two quarter phenomena or could it extend for 
longer? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, Charul, GPL has been a bit cyclical. We've seen that and it's largely driven by the US and 
European business. And while we did see a good uptick in their US business demand in the last 
couple of quarters, this quarter has dipped a little bit; however, if you look at the nine months 
GPL is still tracking at a little over 13% growth. So, it's not bad. but they're a pretty strong 
Company across markets, right? So, we don't see that this is going to be any kind of weakness 
going forward. 
Charul Agrawal: 
So, that does not imply anything with regards to sales to GLS going down, right? This is just a 
temporary phenomenon. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
That varies. Like I said, it's a bit cyclical. It moves up and down, but then we supply to them for 
largely the regulated markets. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Sir, my second question is with regards to the gross margin expansion that you have seen. So, 
would it be possible to break it down into drivers in terms of what proportion of it could be 
improvement in input costs, what proportion could be mixed? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, if you go from let's say 52% to 57%, that delta has been driven partly by improved input 
prices. And we also announced this new CDMO business for which we made validation supplies. 
And so it's a mix where CDMO played a bigger role and that this CDMO business also has better 
margins. So, these are the two main reasons, the input costs as well as the mixed improvement. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Got it. Even the Q-o-Q gross margin improvement would have these factors only right CDMO 
has been slightly higher? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Got it. Also you mentioned regarding the Red Sea disruption, so what could be the possible 
implications of the Red Sea disruption? Would it only be freight cost or could that impact 
volumes as well and how long do you see it at present? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
See, right now, out of three ships that used to come to Nhava Sheva port from China, only one 
ship is coming to Nhava Sheva. 2 are going directly. So, they don't come. They don't basically 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
reroute. These are ships coming from the far east. So, while freight is expected to go up, right, 
the other impact could be that we might have to stock up an extra 15 days of inventory. It hasn't 
reached that point, but if we have to, we will. Just to cover, make sure that we have worked up 
well for supplies. It's not happened yet, Charul, but right we are watchful, it could happen. 
Charul Agrawal: 
And sir, this would not impact your supplies to your customers, like you were saying that you 
might need to stock up for imports. But what about your exports to customers? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
That’s air. For us, to customers it's largely air freight. So, sea freight doesn't impact us. Sea 
freight impacts us on raw materials. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ahmed Madha from Unifi Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Ahmed Madha: 
I just want to understand the employee cost part a little better. So, there is roughly 40 odd percent 
increase in the cost. So, just what is the nature of that? Can you elaborate a little more on that? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Ahmed, I had explained it in the Q2 call. These are certain bonus approvals based on the past 
performance which have been given by the board which are getting accrued over these three 
quarters and that is what has taken this cost up. And as I also explained in my earlier comments 
that the employee cost is coming around 12%, it should come back to around 9%. 8.5% to 9% 
from Q1 onwards. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And in the gross margin, is there any impact of PLI incentives this quarter? 
Tushar Mistry: 
PLI again has an impact of about 1% to 1.5% on overall margins 
Ahmed Madha: 
Just on the Glenmark Pharma’s business, I think last year we did about I think roughly Rs. 690 
odd crores. This year nine months have been good but you're saying that you see it to be weak, 
but overall say in the next 2-3 years perspective, should we at least maintain this 650 to 704 run 
rate? How should we look from the medium to long term perspective about this business? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
I just answered Charul, right, that basically GPL business is a little cyclical, but nothing 
alarming. It's a very strong business that they have in the regulated markets and that continues 
and we would continue to service that business. 
Ahmed Madha: 
So, we will retain our wallet share with them. That is what I want to understand, is this the 
correct understanding that we will retain the wallet share? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, very much. 
Ahmed Madha: 
And just question on Q4. So, basically should we sort of at least maintain the annual run rate 
similar to last year for GPL business? 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
I can't comment on that. 
Tushar Mistry: 
Last year GPL was very high, at about Rs. 230 crores. We don't expect it to be that high in Q4. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Yes, but just on the full year basis? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Full year basis, yes, we should be able to reach that level. 
Ahmed Madha: 
Just on the last freight cost part, so I'm just trying to reconfirm that there won't be any sort of 
P&L impact, but just the amount of inventories which we might need to buy, correct? 
Tushar Mistry: 
Doctor mentioned that the impact for inventory will be about 10 days to 15 days, if at all we 
have to stock it up. We are currently at about 104 days of working capital which may go by 
another 10 days, but we will see how that pans out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Manudhane from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
Firstly on the asset turn, Sir, for last two years - three years, now it is down to 2.9 which we used 
to have at 3.3. So, any comment on that? 
Tushar Mistry: 
So, Tushar if you see the years prior to last two years, the spent-on CAPEX was very limited. 
Last two years we have seen good amount of CAPEX that we have done almost Rs. 130 crores 
was in FY22, FY23 it was about 160, we are already near Rs. 100 crores in the current year. And 
as we had also mentioned that this new assets that come up, they don't immediately get into this 
3x kind of revenue generation, initially it will be lower. We had also mentioned in the past that 
you know we expect this asset turns to somewhere come down near between 2.5 to 3 gradually 
because our CAPEX plans are strong going forward and that is what we are expecting. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And secondly on this ex-GPL business, has been stable at about 390 crores average for last now 
six quarters. So, any comment in terms of growth on this segment of the business? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
No growth has been good. We have been growing the external businesses very steadily, low 
teens and that's driven by all our markets. The reason this is around 10% this quarter is because 
like we explained Japan has degrown and Europe is flat. But the US, LATAM, India and RoW 
have been firing away because we have been introducing new products and the US CDMO 
business is very strong. So, the thing is that, overall, the fundamentals for our external business 
firstly have got many levers. Markets, products and CDMO now coming in much better. So, 
with all these levers sometimes you don't fire on everything, right. But we have been, there's no 
challenge there. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And because it's exports on a constant currency terms, what would be the growth? 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
The currency hasn't moved much in the last year, right? I mean, we are not getting any currency 
benefit. 
Tushar Mistry: 
In the current year, we are not getting. Last year there were certain currency benefits. But this 
year it is more like a constant currency, closer to the constant. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
And just lastly, this raw material, lower raw material benefit, any comment in terms of how long 
will we have this benefit continuing? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
It should continue because we have diversified our sources. And that has resulted in the benefit 
and that's something that we would continue. So, we expect it to play out, of course, like I said, 
certain geopolitical challenges could impact oil prices and so on and that will hit solvents. And 
so there is a bit of challenge there, but overall I think on the buying raw material side we should 
be okay. No great challenge there. 
Tushar Manudhane: 
So, let's say if this Red Sea disruption, if I leave aside for time being for the sake of discussion, 
this impact, so then 56%-57% gross margin is very much sustainable, right? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
See again, I explained to Charul, right, that basically the margin improvement if you take from 
roughly 52 where we normally are 52, 53 to 57.7, has been largely driven by some improvement 
on raw materials and then CDMO, the new CDMO business where we made validation supplies. 
So, these things are contributing. So, we may not hit 57% next quarter, that we won't, but it will 
be in the range. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harshal Patil from Mirae Asset Capital Markets. 
Please go ahead. 
Harshal Patil: 
Just have one question on the CDMO business. We have just recently signed a contract and as 
per your earlier comments, you got the minimum offtake value as US $5 million. Sir, any specific 
timelines as to when would this commence? That's question one and question two would be, sir 
if you could speak a bit on the project pipeline for the CDMO business. Because I guess we were 
expecting some two or three projects which were there in the pipeline to be going on stream over 
the next 1 to 2 years? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, Harshal. So, basically this project should come online next year. We just made a pretty 
large validation supply for filing and this would be filed in multiple markets. So, as soon as we 
start getting approvals, markets will start supplying. So, it should come next year for sure. As 
far as the pipeline goes we have one more project which is very advanced. We hope to sign either 
in late Q4 or then in Q1, it's going very nicely. And there's one that we have already initiated 
validation and filings are on, but those are like 53 or 57 markets that they are going to file in and 
that we expect to also come next year. So, that would be two more that would come. There are 
further discussions also on CDMO on other projects, so those discussions are going very nicely. 
And let's see how that pans out. But to answer your question, it's two more in the pipeline that 
we have very clear visibility on. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
Harshal Patil: 
And the two ones which are there in the pipeline would definitely have better revenue potential 
than the ones we already are supplying to, if I have to just get some qualitative input on that. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Typically they are ranging between $5 million and $10 million. Typically, right? I mean our 
projects are not that big. But they are decent size. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ashwini Agarwal from Demeter Advisors LLP. 
Please go ahead. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
Just continuing from the last participant on CDMO, if you were to think about it over the next 3 
to 5 years, do you think that this piece of the business could be 30%-35% of revenues or do you 
think generics and CDMO would grow at pretty much the same pace in the medium term? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
The thing is that see we have a pretty strong generic pipeline and the market spread of the 
products has only been improving over time. That would continue. So, since generics is also 
going to grow reasonably well, right, and it's a pretty big chunk to begin with. In the next three 
years to five years, at the rate at which we are doing things, we expect CDMO to quadruple. So, 
around from 150 Cr we are likely to get to 600. But even 600 would not get to 30%-35% simply 
because the other piece is also growing well. So, if we get to 600, it would still be around 15% 
of our overall, 15 or even less. So, let's see. Whatever visibility we have now and the strike rate 
at which we are going on CDMO, we should definitely improve the percentage from the 7%-8% 
that we are at now. But very unlikely we'll go to 30% unless something really earth shattering 
happens which cannot be ruled out. But I'm just going from whatever we are driving as of now 
with the current level of investment.  
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And one more follow-up on the CDMO contract that you just signed for which has an expected 
revenue line of $5 million at the minimum in fiscal 25. Just if you could share some color on are 
you the sole supplier? Is this a technology transfer where the innovator transferred what they 
knew to you or you helped develop them? How sticky is this relationship? Would you continue 
to be the sole supplier in the foreseeable future if you could provide some color around that? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
 So, while we didn't do a tech transfer and that's why the regulatory timeline goes to next year, 
we did do a fair amount of customization to get the business. The thing is obviously in our kind 
of CDMO what is important is we match the current supplier of the innovator which in many 
cases is the innovator itself and they are going to stop their own manufacturing and move to us 
because they get a very large cost advantage. So, I don't see any reason why they would continue 
their old supply. So, yes, we would be the sole supplier once the regulatory approvals are in 
place. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And the other CDMO pipeline that you have is of similar nature where you develop on the cost, 
you bring down the cost and that advantage therefore allows you to foster a longer term 
relationship with the customer. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, of the two that I said, one is a heavily customized API. That is already in filings, in the 
filing stage. The other we are in the process of doing some further sort of tweaking to get it to 
where the customer is now in terms of their current source. 
Ashwini Agarwal: 
And the last question from my side. In the past you often said that raw material benefits whenever 
they accrue need to be passed on. But this time around, some of it has flowed through to gross 
margins. Is this temporary or do you think this is sustainable, the margin gain that you had on 
the raw material side? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Ashwini, this raw material, we'll have to see, depends on the pressure of the business. But if we 
are under pressure, we'll have to pass on. So, we won't do it as a default. But yes, if we have to 
gain a bigger market share or help our customers sustain their market share at the front end, we 
may pass it on. But since this improvement has been pretty broad based, across many products, 
we are not going to pass on everything. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Harsh from Bandhan AMC. Please go ahead. 
Harsh: 
Yes, so just in terms of this incremental capacity for fourth quarter, the 200,000 liters and the 
50,000 liters for Ankleshwar and Dahej, do we feel that a majority of the cost according to the 
commercialization is already in place or do you feel that incrementally you would see a lot more 
cost coming forward once this gets commercialized in both the capacities? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
You are talking about CAPEX or you are talking about operational cost? 
Harsh: 
OPEX. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
OPEX is not likely to increase greatly. When we go with the incremental capacity, we are going 
for bigger batches at the product level. So, in that sense, on a per kilo basis, the OPEX actually 
improves. But since the volumes are going up significantly, right, OPEX will scale up according 
to the volumes, but then with the improved batch sizes, the per kilo level, it will actually come 
down. So, it will be a sort of midway, it won't go up linearly with the increased capacity. Does 
that help answer your question? 
Harsh: 
Yes, okay. Lastly, in terms of Japan, you have already highlighted the inventory situation. 
Anything in particular for the Europe market? Is there a lot more price erosion than you 
anticipated and which is why we are refraining from selling into the European market or is there 
something else that is happening? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Unlike other markets that have done well, our new product introduction into Europe has been a 
little slow. This is largely because of regulatory slowdown. Our customers are not getting 
approvals fast enough in Europe. And so while we have a bunch of new products to introduce, 
right, we've not been able to do that in Europe as well as we've been able to do it in India, 
LATAM and the US, so that challenge is there. So, hopefully once newer approvals come 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
through, Europe should also pick up well. To confirm, price erosion in Europe is a little higher, 
right, so that challenge is there. 
Harsh: 
So, the regulatory situation is temporary as such, but otherwise we expect that should also pick 
up going forward. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, once we get our new products approved in Europe, we should see Europe also picking up 
pretty well. It shouldn't be a problem. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of VP Rajesh from Banyan Capital, please go 
ahead. 
VP Rajesh: 
Most of my questions have been answered, but just one clarification. Dr. Rawjee, when you 
spoke about the CDMO business growing 4X, what was the timeframe you were thinking that 
growth will come about? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
3 to 4 years. 
VP Rajesh: 
Okay, 3 to 4 years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aejas from Unifi Capital, please go ahead. 
Aejas: 
Dr. Rawjee, I want to take you back to probably the initial few conversations you had post IPO 
where you were very articulate in explaining us that how you had migrated customers in the US 
to address the pricing pressure challenges by moving and introducing second generation 
molecules and phasing out the first generation molecules, thereby addressing the price erosion. 
And you had given the example of sartans at that point of time, I remember. So, Dr. Rawjee, in 
this journey, where have we reached? And it also is referenced to the point of Europe, because 
you mentioned a bit about pricing pressure. So, is it that those European customers are still in 
that journey? And could you speak a little bit more about this? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, it's a very good question. See, the thing is this whole business of second, third gen 
processes, right, is something that we have to continue to do because on the generic side, most 
markets have, you know, our customers face a lot of pricing pressure at the front end. So, that is 
something that we continue to do and with the regulatory filings happening in a timely manner, 
that is something that has panned out. Because see, if you look at our price erosion, right, overall 
in the business, it's about 5% to 6%. So, in order to continue to deliver on margins the way we've 
been, this is something that we have been doing and the customers have been very supportive, 
and we continue to keep our customers competitive. That's the name of the game really. And 
then of course you come back with, you sort of add the launch products to that and the launch 
products obviously give you better margins. But then the same thing applies even to the new 
launches where we've got to be ready with the next gen process to be able to keep the customers 
in the game, if they've already sort of entered with a good market share. So, it's an ongoing 
process, I mean to continue to drive the margins and to keep our customers competitive. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
Aejas: 
Got it. And Dr. Rawjee, how many such competitors use or follow this approach because we've 
not heard a lot of companies call out this kind of process of trying to upgrade molecules and help 
customers and you had extensively spoken about all those filings where you help them a lot. So, 
who is your key competitor you face who's also following this kind of an approach and where 
there is competitive pressures or challenges? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, see, we have about 100 commercial APIs now as we speak, right? And there's no single 
competitor that we have in all 100 of these APIs. But in any given API, we would have one or 
two competitors, right, in India or China that we'd have to take them seriously. The good news 
for us is that because we are in the regulated market space, the whole regulatory approval process 
is a pretty involved process where we've got to convince the regulators that the next gen process 
is as good as the earlier process and that takes some doing. So, not only from a chemistry 
perspective, but also from overall specifications, methods, controls on genotoxic impurities, all 
this plays a big role. And so that really thins out the competition for us because the regulators 
have become much more stringent with respect to genotoxic impurities. You must have heard 
about Nitrosamines if you've been following this space. But many of our competitors fall out 
because they are not able to successfully address this whole business of Nitrosamines and we 
have been lucky or clever or whatever you want to say but we've been sort of addressing this 
upfront rather than it hits our customer and then the regulator comes back with a big query. So, 
net-net, the second, third gen process involves a lot of work not only on the chemistry side but 
on the regulatory side as well. And that's why we've been able to successfully migrate our 
customers to the next gen processes with not much competition. The competition is there. Like 
I said, we take them seriously and that's the way things are working here at GLS. 
Aejas: 
Thank you, doctor. That was very helpful. And doctor, one last thing, since the time you've been 
listed, the CDMO business has been broadly in a band. You spoke about the breakout towards 
the Rs. 600 crores over the next 4 years. I just wanted to understand that is it that these 2 years 
were seeding stages, which where we were trying to establish our excellence of products with 
customers and that's why you believe the scale up or are there any other significant road triggers 
or drivers? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, Aejas you are spot on okay, I mean CDMO does have a long gestation period and we've got 
a long pipeline right, more than 10-12 projects that are in discussions but by the time they bear 
fruit right, I mentioned about two that are coming online pretty quickly right. But there are others 
that are also going to follow, right. So, we expect that we'll have a good number of projects in 
the next 2 to 3 years and that's why we are very confident that we'll get to the Rs. 600 crores 
very comfortably. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Naman Kumar Bhansali from Perpetuity 
Ventures LLP. Please go ahead. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
Naman Kumar Bhansali: 
Good morning, sir. Just one question on the USFDA inspection that they are going to present. 
So, what are the facilities due for the USFDA inspection and the newer ones which are coming 
in? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes. So, all three facilities that are USFDA inspected are due for inspection going by the three-
year cycle. We expect them anytime at any of our facilities. And so, it should happen anytime. 
We are frankly hopeful that it happens soon so that we kind of over the hump there, right? But 
all three, they are due. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Sir, first thing quickly on the CDMO strategy, historically, as you just explained also on the call, 
we've been focused more on lifecycle management products, right? Is there any thought though 
to also pursue pure CDMO opportunities working closely with innovators and new molecules? 
Any efforts or steps in that direction? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, Tushar, I explained this again at the time of the IPO when we had very, very long discussions 
on CDMO, but basically firstly the gestation on the kind of project that you're talking about is 
very long. Because if you get into phase one and stuff, clinical trials for most drugs, new drugs, 
take anywhere from like two years to three years and then there is the approval by FDA which 
takes higher because there's a lot of clinical data that they review. So, it could be like 12 months 
to 15 months. Plus, what happens is that new products have a huge amount of attrition. Products 
that are in phase one, the chances of them becoming commercial are like 1 in 30 or 40 molecules. 
So, if you don't hit one of those, after doing all that work you still don't have a commercial 
project. So, this challenge has been there for this kind of work. Whereas on the life cycle side 
and the specialty side, it's much faster, comparatively gestation is much sooner. In about a year 
and a half to two years, you can have a project going versus these early stage projects. It takes 
much longer. The attrition is much higher, basically. So, we stayed away. The other thing for us, 
is both our R&D infrastructure and our manufacturing platform are common. So, we don't have 
to make any special investment for these kinds of projects. I did mention to, I think it was to 
Ashwini, that we do a lot of tweaking in terms of customizing the API for the innovator. And 
here is where again it's our R&D work, our current R&D setup is good enough to do. So, we 
don't make very significant investments also with this approach. 
Tushar Bohra: 
So, here, sir, in this specifically, are we developing products and then reaching out to innovators? 
Or are we looking at the areas that we want to target, reach out to the companies first and then 
take up projects on demand? How do we target new CDMO initiatives? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Yes, so we have about 140 APIs in our portfolio. And a good portion of them even after 
genericisazation, the innovator still has 20% to 30% global market share. And so the approach 
is that, we sort of work with the innovator on those products and give them a nice cost advantage 
and move the project along. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
Tushar Bohra: 
Alright sir, just a clarification. You mentioned specialty as well along with pharma. Are we 
actually targeting any specialty in chemicals or areas beyond pharma in our CDMO initiatives? 
Is there something in thought? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
So, Tushar, in our current pipeline of three commercial products, or now I should say four, two 
are of this kind, specialty. 
Tushar Bohra: 
The one last thing on the overall size of the business, you mentioned CDMO over the next four 
years will go 150 to maybe 600. Overall business will maybe slightly more than double. But 
since your CDMO business is at much higher margin, the overall gross margin profile should 
move up or at least remain the same, CDMO should compensate for maybe loss of margin on 
the generic side. So, it's good to assume that it should be at or above the current margin profile 
as the CDMO penetration improves. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Over the long term we can expect that, Tushar. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge Asset Management. 
Please go ahead. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Thank you for giving me time again. So, mine is a more generic question. I just wanted to get 
some insights from you on how the API landscape is today versus where it was say a year and a 
half back both from an industry standpoint and from GLS’s standpoint, as you see it today. 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
See, the demand environment is growing at 6%. API stands at about 220 billion overall market. 
And that is a pretty nicely growing market. For GLS, because our concentration is on the chronic 
areas, again we are very much in sync with how this is growing. So, there's a lot of stuff 
happening now. Anti-cancer was one area where we were not there, but we are rapidly catching 
up on anti-cancer. But apart from that, CVS, CNS, diabetes, and pain are good areas. They are 
all chronic. So, we continue to drive our portfolio in that direction. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
And just from nuts-and-bolts perspective, how do you see the pricing environment in context of 
where it was a year, year, and a half back? Clearly, your intermediate or raw material prices have 
come off meaningfully, but how do you see the pricing environment for your end products 
overall? Has it become more aggressive or you're seeing some element of stability? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
No, Tarang, it will always be aggressive. It's a tough business, but it's a good business. That's 
the way I look at it. GLS, we've always recognized that. Pricing environment will always be 
there. Customers will always put pressure on prices, and we have to respond to that, okay? We 
can't run away from that. So, as far as we are well positioned from a technology perspective and 
a cost management perspective, we are good. The world is not going to be kind to us, okay, let 
me put it that way, right? We've got to be smart at it and continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Charul Agrawal from Bank of America. Please 
go ahead. 

 
Glenmark Life Sciences Limited 
January 24, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
Charul Agrawal: 
Sir I wanted to understand more about your complex API products, firstly on the Dahej oncology 
block that had been commissioned a couple of quarters back. So, what is the kind of traction that 
we are seeing for the oncology supplies? And next on the complex API findings, could you help 
us understand more on the timeline perspective? Like when can we see them, see some of those 
getting commercialized? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
Okay, so as far as the pipeline for both oncology as well as the complex, we continue to fill the 
pipeline. Okay. With respect to Onco we've already validated three products and four are like 
actively being, we'll be taking them into validation pretty soon. And the customer interest is also 
pretty good. So, that's going well. On the iron complexes, one has been in regulatory review. 
The customer's file is in regulatory review. And that has also triggered a review of our file. And 
we should file soon, on one product soon. And another two are, we're following up with another 
two in development. So, it's going well, complex is going well. And some other, not only iron 
complexes, but we have other complex molecules on the antifungal side also that have had very 
good traction more recently. And that is also picking up well. So, I mean, overall I would say 
that this is an area that both these areas are something that we are aggressively pushing and we've 
got good uptake from customers as well. 
Charul Agrawal: 
Got it. Sir, on the Dahej Oncology block, so currently the capacity is being used for filing 
validations or is there any commercial supply at all from that block? 
Dr. Yasir Rawjee: 
No, see Onco, the volumes are very small and in order to sort of optimize the cost on the 
manufacturing side, we do make a little more in the validation so that we can supply even small 
commercial quantities as it comes up. So, right now we are not in full-fledged commercial 
manufacturing, but then that onco block is not a very big burden also from the cost perspective. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that was the last question. Thank you, members 
of the management. On behalf of Glenmark Life Sciences Limited, that concludes this 
conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
