Matrimony.com Limited 
(CIN: L63090TN2001PLC047432) 
Registered & Corporate Office No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor, MRC Nagar, Raja 
Annamalaipuram, Chennai – 600028. Phone No. 044-4900 1919 
February 14, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor 
Plot No: C/1, G Block 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Call transcript of Investor/Analyst conference call under regulation 30(6) of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. 
 
Ref: NSE Symbol: MATRIMONY 
         
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations & Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the call transcript of Investor/Analyst Conference call with the Company 
held on 09th February 2024 is attached herewith. 
 
The aforesaid information is also being hosted on the website of the Company viz., 
www.matrimony.com.  
 
Submitted for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
 
For Matrimony.com Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Vijayanand Sankar 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
ACS: 18951 
No.94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower II, 5th Floor,  
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram,  
Chennai – 600028 
 
VIJAYANAN
D SANKAR
Digitally signed by 
VIJAYANAND SANKAR 
Date: 2024.02.14 
16:17:14 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
 
“Matrimony.com Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. MURUGAVEL JANAKIRAMAN –MANAGING 
DIRECTOR AND CEO, MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MR. SUSHANTH PAI – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
MATRIMONY.COM LIMITED 
MODERATORS: MR. PRADYUT GANESH – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Matrimony.com Q3 FY '24 Earnings 
Conference Call hosted by ICICI Securities.  
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Pradyut Ganesh from ICICI Securities. Thank you, and 
over to you, sir. 
Pradyut Ganesh: 
Good evening, everyone. On behalf of ICICI Securities, I would like to welcome all of you to 
the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Matrimony.com. 
From the Company, we have Mr. Murugavel Janakiraman – MD and CEO; and Mr. Sushanth 
Pai – the CFO. 
Over to you, Mr. Murugavel, for his “Opening Remarks”. Thank you, sir. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Thank you so much. Good evening everyone.  
In Q3, on a consolidated basis, we achieved a billing of Rs. 116.2 crores, a decline of 0.8% 
quarter-over-quarter and a growth of 4.3% year-on-year. A revenue of Rs. 117.3 crores, a decline 
of 3.6% quarter-over-quarter and a growth of 6.2% year-on-year.  
The “Key Highlights” for the “Matchmaking Business” are as follows: 
Billing at Rs. 114.1 crores, a decline of 0.7% quarter-over-quarter and a growth of 5.3% year-
on-year. Billing at Rs. 114.9 crores, a decline of 3.5% quarter-over-quarter and a growth of 6.7% 
year-on-year. We have added Rs. 2.6 lakhs paid subscription during the quarter, a growth of 
1.4% quarter-over-quarter and 10.8% year-on-year.  
Average transaction value for the Matchmaking business decreased by 2% quarter-over-quarter 
and 4.7% year-on-year. It is in line with our customer acquisition strategy.  
I am happy to share that we have launched a ‘Safe Matrimony’ campaign aimed at increasing 
awareness about online frauds, with actor Vidya Balan, as the face of this campaign.  
Now coming to the “Marriage Services business”: 
The revenue was Rs. 2.3 crores, a decline of 5% quarter-over-quarter and 11.7% year-on-year. 
Our EBITDA losses in the quarter was Rs. 2.1 crores, down from Rs. 2.7 crores in quarter 2 and 
Rs. 3.1 crores a year ago.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
On the billing, the revenue outlook for quarter 4, the matchmaking revenue year-on-year growth 
is expected to be in the similar levels of growth achieved in Quarter 3. On wedding services, 
revenue and losses are expected to be in the similar levels of Q3.  
Now let me pass on to Sushanth to comment on the key profitability highlights.  
Sushanth Pai: 
Thanks Muruga. 
Our EBITDA margin for the Matchmaking business in Q3 is at 18.9% as compared to 21.3% in 
quarter 2 and 17.8% a year ago. Marketing expenses are at Rs. 45.5 crores as compared to 46 
crores in Q2. Excluding marketing expenses, our margins in matchmaking is stable at 59%.  
On a consolidated basis, our EBITDA margins in Q3 are at 14.3% as compared to 15.1% in 
quarter 2 and 15.9% a year ago. In Q3 of last year, we had a one-time gain on land sale of 5.8 
crores. So, that one-time gain is not there in this quarter. 
Tax rate in the quarter is at 22.8% as compared to 24% in quarter 2. PAT is at Rs. 11.1 crores, a 
decline of 11.3% quarter-on-quarter and 4.3% year-on-year. The share of profit from Astro-
Vision, our associate Company, was marginal. Return on capital employed annualized is at about 
13.6% as compared to 17% in quarter 2. Our cash balance is at about Rs. 346 crores. On the 
outlook for Q4 margins, our PAT in Q4 is expected to be at similar levels of Q3. 
I would like to end with a customary safe harbor statement. Certain statements during this call 
could be forward-looking statements on our business. These involve a number of risks and 
uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking 
statements. We do not undertake to update any such forward-looking statements that may be 
made from time to time by or on behalf of the Company unless it is required by law. 
So, we can now start the Q&A. Over to you.  
Moderator: 
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-answer session. 
The first question is on the line of Ayush Vimal from Clearview Capital. Please go ahead.  
Ayush Vimal:  
Sir, in the quarter 1 call, you had articulated your vision to reach a 1,000 crores top line in the 
next 5 years, which basically implies a 15% growth rate. Now, I just wanted to check, given the 
competitive intensity that exists currently, what gives you the confidence that you will be able 
to surpass the 6-7% growth that we have achieved over the last 3 to 4 years to go to 15%? Is 
there a change in strategy from our end? Are we entering new geographies or trying to further 
penetrate within the South India Geography? What is it different that we are going to do over 
the next 4, 5 years that gives us this confidence?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, definitely that's a goal and that's a vision. So, definitely it's a combination of growing the 
existing business. So, today, the business has been growing around between 6% to 8%. So, we 
are taking steps to move to double-digit growth in the existing business, which we are already 
in. So, we are taking various initiatives, various steps, and so we are at the current level of 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
percentage of growth and hope in the coming year, we could be able to move to the growth on 
the existing business possibly.  
 
We are also working at launching new initiatives, which includes luv.com, which we already 
spoke, which we are working on it. Like that we are looking at some new initiatives, the 
combination of existing initiatives and new initiatives. We hope we could be able to accelerate 
the growth and get to the 1,000-crores revenue in the next 5 years or so. So, looking at quarter 
4, the quarter 4 probably the matchmaking business, we may get into that 500 crores run rate 
only on the matchmaking business.  
 
Today, one of the things that we have taken on wedding services business is to first to achieve 
profitability while that you are able to bring down the cost and we need to get to the breakeven 
level. Then we have ideas to execute to target the growth in the wedding services business. But 
at this point in time, the first and foremost focus is in wedding services to get to the breakeven 
level, then work on the ideas which you have to target growth.  
 
So, to sum it up, basically the growth from the existing business and the steps we are taking are 
new initiatives within the existing business to target the growth plus the new initiatives. All these 
things we believe can help us to go to better growth in the coming years.  
Ayush Vimal:  
I just have one more question. Sir, we have seen that the competitive intensity has increased 
significantly after FY '19. I just wanted to understand the regional dynamics at play here. Was 
it that our competitors who are primarily North and West-based were trying to enter our South 
India market where we have a strong hold or was it us who was actually looking to grow by 
entering into the North and West market? Which of the two forces was more dominant in 
increasing the competitive intensity?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: The competitive intensity is more on the marketing spend, the market is growing at only a certain 
percentage. It is more of the increased marketing spend net net. Has it benefited anyone? This is 
not the case. So, compared to the yearly run rate of market spend, every player of the market is 
spending Has it helped anyone? No, it is not the case. Look at Jeevansathi. They spend a lot of 
money on marketing. Net-net is not added to any growth in their revenue.  
 
So, that way it is more of the profile acquisition and only growing at a certain percentage. While 
we launched Jodi and now we are looking at launching luv.com. So, the increasing competition 
intensity, in my view, is more on the marketing side. Are more players trying to enter different 
markets. But as it really happens, in my view, it is not the case. And while we are already present 
in the North Indian market and it is not that we have a dominance only in South India, But we 
are also leader in the Western market, and also one of the leaders in the Northern market.  
 
So, overall the market dynamics, has anything changed? Nothing has changed in terms of the 
overall dynamics of the market, overall the mix of the penetrations in the various market. Yes, 
here and there some percentage movement has happened, where you could have gained some 
market, some market without here and there some percentage loss in some market.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
But overall, in my view, the mix of things has not changed. The only thing, what I have also 
seen is that the small players probably even in my view sort of fizzling out or they are no more 
at the level of competitive intensity, they used to operate at the region level. So, some of the 
regional players like ABP group in the eastern market,. You see that they have completely 
stopped their marketing spend as well. It's the same as what you have seen in the number three 
player as they reduced the marketing spend substantially, , but still the number two player still 
continue to invest in marketing.  
 
So, this makes us spend substantially on marketing. While we spend on marketing, yes, 
definitely move to the profitability, but still we need to work on the top-end growth in terms of 
either driving the profile, the value in conversion either in the existing line of business or you 
have to get into the adjacent line of business. Yes, we are working on various initiatives.  
 
So, basically, to answer your question, the marketing spend has not changed the market 
dynamics basically while the people are not trying to enter different, different market, but net 
net, yes, some percent gain here and there. Nothing much has happened. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Maan Vardhan Baid from Laurel Advisory 
Services Private Limited. Please go ahead.  
Maan Vardhan Baid: 
Not just this quarter, just looking back over the last few years for the business and the Company, 
one feels that with the buyback, the generous buyback that you did and the quantum of the 
buyback and the cash that is sitting on the books, one is kind of puzzled at whether staying listed 
is required for the Company. So, I am just curious, has the board, has the management 
contemplated delisting the business and sort of generating more value for itself out of that 
activity?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, we continue to focus on driving the business and drive the growth. So, in fact, this year, the 
profit could have been better if not for Google issue which happened in the beginning of the 
year. So, otherwise, even this quarter, the profit margin would have been a few hundred basis 
points and would have moved up the profit. While we have at this point of time the growth has 
been 6 to 8% we continue to take steps to drive the growth, to continue to drive the business, 
launch new initiatives. So, I think we are focused on driving and growing the business.  
Maan Vardhan Baid: 
And sort of just to take this a step further and to sort of, I mean, over the last 4-5 years that we 
have owned this business, creating shareholder value has been a challenge. So, I am just 
wondering if what are the ways that you can and that is delisting obviously is one of them and I 
am just curious whether as a board, have you discussed it or not?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, we have not discussed. So, we are just focusing on the growing the business.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Kaustav Bubna from BMSPL Capital. Please 
go ahead.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, just wanted to understand how much percentage of your revenues currently is non-
matchmaking, so new initiatives and how much percentage of this revenue do you expect it to 
change to 3 to 5 years down the line? So, how much percentage of your total revenues will be 
non-matchmaking 3 to 5 years down the line? And could you just explain how you plan to grow 
this non-matchmaking piece? Like, will it be married services plus luv.dot, when I say 
matrimonial, I don't include luv.com, so that the dating part of it. So, could you just explain your 
move to, do you plan to diversify your revenue base, how you are going to go about this, et 
cetera?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, today we look at the matchmaking business or wedding services business, it's around 4%. 
So, may be 5 years down the line, in fact, the plan was to take it to an even 10%. So, at this point 
of time, we want to get to the break even before we invest further on wedding services business, 
but LUV will be part of the matchmaking business because for us, LUV is not a dating, basically 
it helps people to find meaningful love. So, it's another way of helping people to find a life 
partner. So, we don't consider the dating service while one may say so. So, that way for us, love 
will be still part of the matchmaking business. It's not matrimonial but it's called matrimony.  
 
The other services where we are looking at some initiatives that may constitute part of wedding 
services. So, apart from luv.com, we may look at launching a new initiative to drive growth. So, 
five years down the line, can the wedding services business contribute 10%? Yes, that is a 
possibility.  
Kaustav Bubna: 
So, what's your plan on luv.com? Have you come up with any more updates that you would like 
to inform us with?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, we are just working on it. We are working on it. Probably, we hope that before the end of 
either this financial year or early April sometime will be able to launch it. So, it looks like maybe 
April 14, because looks like, because that's our 24th Anniversary. So, probably we'll launch on 
that day, possibly.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is on the line of Niraj Kamtekar from Prospero Tree. Please go 
ahead.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Sir, my first question is that now more and more people are, rather than getting marriage, 
arranged marriage, the people are engaged the other way also, the love marriage or other way. 
Is it not a biggest threat to our business?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: we do see that as a threat, but the matrimony continue to be there, and considering the cultural 
nuance of India and the cultural connect, we don't see anything because in the last 24 years, not 
even seen a single year where the matrimony business has gone down year-on-year, except 
during COVID time, while in fact, COVID time, you had a good increase in profiles, but the 
revenue had an impact. Leave alone that one year, we never had even the degrowth in the 
matrimony business. So, it's been 24 years of continued growth, but the growth percentage vary, 
it depends on year to year.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
So, luv.com, yes, there are people who like to fall in love. Millions of Indians aspire to fall in 
love. So, considering that there are people who want to fall in love to get married or fall in love, 
they want to explore before they decide to get married or not. So, that's the reason we are 
launching luv.com. So, luv.com, we launched it a couple of months. So, we will cater to that 
segment of the opportunity where people don't want to come to matrimony site and to get 
married. So, they want to explore, and when they decide to get married or so later. So, that's the 
reason we are getting into that space as well.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
So, you don't consider that the reduction in the ratio of arranged marriage is not a threat to 
matrimony. Is it correct?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, see because matrimony is not arranged marriage. Look at Matrimony.com today, 70% of 
the profiles are created by individuals. I got married through my own service. I don't consider it 
as an arranged marriage. It was me one who had a conversation. I felt I arranged my own 
marriage. So, I don't consider it. I feel kind of feeling of I contacted I decided with whom I want 
to get married. So, it gives the people that, okay, they are in control over whom they want to get 
married to. It's not arranged marriage, what people really think. Arranged marriage means, okay, 
parents are arranging. It's not the case. Within our platform, youngsters are arranging their own 
marriage. So, that's why the matrimony thing to be seen.  
 
Again, you are talking about 70% of the profiles are created by individuals. So, there is some 
perception, okay, matrimony means it's arranged by parent. No, it's largely done by youngsters. 
But yes, around 15% of the profiles are created by parents. There are also some by siblings. So, 
it's collaborative matchmaking. Yes, it doesn't matter whether youngsters are creating a profile 
or individuals are creating a profile. In some states, parents do get involved because the good 
thing about the Indian matrimony thing is that it's a collective involvement and that's the beauty 
of our Indian marriage. So, family matrimony is facilitated effectively. So, we don't think that 
love or, yes, while they go under this thing, but this form of thing continues going to grow only.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Yes, but sir, our number of subscribers are not increasing in the same manner. It is around the 
same numbers are since last few quarters. So, what are the action planned by Matrimony to 
increase the number of subscribers?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, so we definitely we are today almost talking about 2.6 lakhs of subscriptions on a quarterly 
basis. It's more than a million on an annual basis. A couple of years before there would be around 
800,000, moved to 900,000, now touching one million, now getting to 1.2 million. Yes, the 
endeavor, the plan is to accelerate that conversion, convert a free member to paid member. So, 
these are some of the challenges we have seen that's reflecting in our research as well, that we 
are growing at only at a 6 to 8%, where the goal is to target double-digit growth. Yes, the ongoing 
efforts to continue, fine tune our product, continue to improve, or work on o launching our new 
initiatives, all these factors were even helping us to grow certain things, but we need to further 
step up our the executions or maybe launch of new initiatives. So, yes, we are taking steps, but 
it's still yet to reflect in our research actually.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Because we are spending a lot of money on the advertisement, and also we are not getting the 
number of subscriber are not increasing, because we are spending almost Rs. 46 crores per 
quarter on advertisement and business promotion. But the numbers are static, almost static, not 
2.6 lakhs are the constant, the same numbers are there. So, what are the other plans we are taking 
to increase the number of subscribers?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, you are right in terms of marketing spend. Actually as I said many times, actually increased 
marketing spend was actually not required for the category of this category or in terms of the 
revenue side. Today, in a way, we are forced to increase the marketing spend, as I said in the 
last call, probably the couple of calls before or many times in the past as well. Look at the 
category marketing spend in five years ago; it was only 100 crores. And now it has almost 
touched 400 crores.  
 
So, as I said, has it increased any dynamics of the category? No. It's a more of every player have 
stepped up marketing, hoping to aim the marketing share from other players. That did not happen 
net-net. But today, yes, as a leader, we have to step our marketing spend when others are 
increasing marketing spend, because if we don't do that, that may have an impact on our long-
term leadership in the market. So, that's why we have to increase the marketing spend.  
 
So, in terms of growth, yes, the growth has to come from better execution or maybe launching 
new initiatives or new product, which you continue to do. So, we are like launching jodi.com. 
We are now looking at launching luv.com. So, these are some of the things we are doing to drive 
the growth, while continue to figure out ways of driving the conversion, the free to paid profile 
in the existing business as well. Yes. So, this category on current, this base is growing at certain 
percent in terms of profiles and the conversion growing while remaining at same percentage. 
The growth was largely driven by some of the initiatives also.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Sir, our marriage services, the wedding service segment is making a loss. That's good. That's 
okay. But, sir, event management is a very growing business all over the India and people are 
spending lot of money on the wedding. Why is this segment not growing for the matrimony?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes. That's the thing. See, interestingly, this category, wedding services, there are multiple 
service providers who are part of the wedding services. They look at where the people need help. 
People need help in some of the categories. while the largest spend on wedding is jewellery, do 
people need any help on the platform? That's not required., Some of the things are probably 
integrated. When you go to a place, everything is offered by one single player. So, some of the 
category where it's completely non-branded, like talking services like say photography or 
makeup parties or Mehandi, where it's a non-branded player where people may need help from 
the brand to identify a service provider.  
 
 It's a bit of jewelry or apparel, other things. Well, definitely, venue is one of the categories. We 
see that there is an opportunity as well. So, yes, we are also understanding that, okay, the 
customer need help in this category where you can monetize. These are small say photography, 
makeup parties, obviously, it's not that there's a lot of money going on that category. The money 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
going on caterers, venue and all. And venue and all, we are not in a full-service provider. We 
are only the platform's generating lead for the mandap. So, yes, it's a category.  
 
There is an opportunity in some other segments where you have to get into a full service, or you 
have to get a value of the service where you have to play differently. So, at this point, we are 
just focusing on getting the base platform ready where you want to put someone to use this 
platform to get some other service, like a mandap or photo or other things. Also, get the base 
business model, and then we can figure out how we can add value. In the process, we can get a 
share of some wallet all the things So, yes, well, that opportunity is there in terms of wedding is 
a big category in all the things, at this point of time we are just focusing on getting the base 
platform right and still yet to figure out how we can get the share of the wedding expense. So, 
yes, that'swe have not figured it out or yet to work on it. I'll put it either way.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
So, sir, when that segment will achieve the breakeven because we are losing the money on that 
segment? Our revenue is less than our segment result. So, we are incurring more money to get 
some revenue.  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes. So, I think that we are definitely able to bring the cost. In fact, the plan was to make it 
happen soon. I think definitely sometime next year we should achieve a breakeven actually on 
the current form and factor.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
And sir, our core business, if we exclude the other income from the top line, then our core 
business is making only the PBT level margin is only 6 to 7%. A Company well established, 
online presence, having many websites and so many persons or so many subscribers is making 
a 7% PBT. I think it should not be the at least a double-digit PBT level. 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, definitely. Look, as I told you this year, it's because of the Google, you may know that the 
Google,tax issue, which we have been fighting Google early this year started charging all the 
companies globally and in India, offering business services, asking companies to either adopt 
Google billing payment system, pay 15% on  app revenue or 11% revenue if you use other 
payment gateway. Literally Google wants to tax companies. So, this has really affected our profit 
margin this year, because as I told, if not for the Google billing tax our profit margin every 
quarter would have been a little few hundred basis points .  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
But are the Google charging to all online companies or only to the Matrimony?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, those companies who are providing digital services that include the content like matrimony 
companies or dating companies, companies offering digital content like the media companies 
and gaming companies, which excludes the companies offering e-commerce companies or food 
delivery companies. So, in fact, given the order also say that Google has been obviously the 
monopoly. That's the case we have been fighting also. So, this is something like, globally it's 
been happening. Many companies across the world is fighting. We are also raising our voice. 
How is it going to affect the Indian companies, startup ecosystem, how government going to 
lose revenue because of this, it's all big implications for the country and the ecosystem. So, 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
because imagine someone taxing companies, wanting to pay 11% or 26% revenue, just because 
of the entire app download happening from the Google Play Store. So, without putting any 
additional effort, they just want to charge companies, which is obviously the monopoly, that you 
have been fighting. Lot of companies joined this fight.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
So, sir, that Google charges are accounted for in a current quarter expenses or? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, we are paying some money, accounted some money. So, that's the reason if not for the 
provisioning and the money, what you pay to Google, the profit would have been 300 basis 
points higher. So, yes, it is a provision. That's the reason our expenses, i.e. other expenses have 
gone up. actually this year the profit margin would have been like much, much higher  and we 
would have had a very good profit growth this year. Yes.  
Niraj Kamtekar: 
Sir, last question from my side. Can we use the funds available for acquiring any event 
management Company who provides the weddings related service like destination marriage, 
catering, photography, and other all things, all things, the decoration? So, event management is 
a very growing business and people always, even at those small person appoint the event 
manager for their kids' marriages. So, can we have any plan to acquire any event management 
Company?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: As a Company, with the internet platform, anything we do, it should have the pan India thing, 
or we should be able to benefit large number of users. We don't want to be a one wedding planner 
in doing say 10 weddings or 20 weddings in one market. As a Company, we should look at 
always the scale and size, something which able to make it available across India.So, as a 
platform, we should be aware, you should be able to offer something unique, differentiated and 
Company value proven to customer. We should not be yet another wedding planner. So, we 
should not become a full-fledged service provider or one local service provider. That doesn't do 
much good to that brand actually. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pulkit Singhal from Dalmus Capital 
Management. Please go ahead. 
Pulkit Singhal: 
I have a couple of questions. The first one, you had actually done a proper app refresh, a lot of 
efforts in the last quarter. You haven't seen any impact of that in any of kind of the paid 
campaigns etc. So, can you talk about how that might have changed things for you even if it's 
from other metrics or engagements that you are tracking? 
Murugavel Janakiraman: It's in terms of the new app that's because it's a move to a better platform, in a way, to integrated 
platform that gives the ability to launch things across the platform in a simultaneous way. I think 
that's one of the significant change that we have brought in. So we have the desktop. We have a 
PWA. We have an Apple and the Google Play Store. So, that's one of the changes we brought 
in.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
The second thing about the look and feel of the app, we do want to bring the freshness and the 
navigations. So, these are the things what you are able to achieve with the launch of the new 
app. As with when you do this kind of launch and involving all the multiple platform, it had a 
small teething issues. By and large, we addressed those issues and things are come to just stable 
level. Now this gives the ability to launch things in a faster way and also ability to launch all the 
platform.  
 
Have we really got the benefits of the new platform yet? No, not yet in terms of because the new 
platform gives a flexibility to launch things, do a lot of experiments. We are yet to get into those 
things actually. Still we are working on some of the pending things. Probably end of this quarter 
we believe we will be able to address those pending enhancements to be done. Probably next 
year, we may be in a position to execute, experiment. Then you may see the benefits of it. At 
this point of the time, we have launched integrated platform, stable, good experience and the 
teething issue is what we have already addressed.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
We have talked about the 5 to 6% kind of revenue growth. My understanding is that probably 
Shaadi is growing a lot faster. What is your comment on that? How are you tracking that space 
and how are you planning to deal with it?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: So, we don't know because, it's a 6-8%, that's the kind of growth. There are quarters in double-
digit growth. It varies from last three quarters growth for us. Yes, if you look at it, the year before 
we had a double-digit growth. So, it depends on the year and a certain segment growing at a 
faster pace compared to the other line of business offering for us. Since we don't know the 
competitive data, I am not in a position to comment on it because we don't know Shaadi's 
number. So, we have only three players by and large. So, we know that other players' their 
number and other things. Yes, so I am not in a position to comment on it because I don't know 
any information about Shaadi.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
What are the two or three initiatives you are banking on for revenue growth next year? You 
talked about luv.com, but if my understanding is correct, that segment does not provide too many 
revenues and it impacts profitability quite a bit, if we look at the dating apps and how they have 
been doing. That is one reason why you never wanted to get into it. But how do we see the 
impact of that? And if you can talk about any initiatives that you are optimistic on, that will drive 
revenue growth?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: No, that's one of the initiatives. In fact, we are not into the dating business. We want to help 
people to find meaningful love. I think our position is different. Our offering is going to be 
different. We believe that we can create a meaningful size, but we don't know. So, only by 
launching, only by experimenting, it may take a couple of quarters for us to even get a sense of 
because we have to invest for a couple of quarters to get the sense and understand. So, we are 
investing for the long term. So, honestly, it's not that that's one of the initiatives that's going to 
help us to grow, but I don't know how much growth is going to come.  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Yes, you are right that dating sites in India has not grown much, but we believe there is a space, 
there is opportunity on our serious relationship. We don't know how much it can become, but 
it's not that the only initiative we are banking on for growth. We are looking at some initiatives, 
plus also we have plans to grow in the existing businesses, which we are looking at.  
 
The one thing that we have seen is that EliteMatrimony we set upin the airport, we have today 
EliteMatrimony kiosk in three airports. We want to increase the visibility of Elite matrimony 
because there are rich and affluent people. We believe that segment possibly can grow better. 
So, like that we are looking at among the existing businesses, what are the things we can do to 
drive the growth? So, can we set up more retail outlets or maybe other initiatives? We are looking 
at various possible things where these initiatives can add to our growth actually. So, yes, the 
plan should drive growth in the existing business plus launch new businesses. We believe the 
combination of these things can help us to grow better.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And are you open to the idea of acquisitions in the matrimonial space? My understanding is there 
might be certain acquisition potentials out there. Are you actively looking out or not? 
Murugavel Janakiraman:  No, today, we don't see any meaningful player beyond the limited or the pan India level a few 
players. It's nothing. All the regional players are very marginal and so we have nothing where 
we see that we need to acquire at this point of time.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
This whole Google issue, I understand and while the court case will take its own course, I mean, 
ultimately, we are paying almost 20 crores extra per year for this. Why haven't we yet 
experimented in a different way to kind of lead the subscribers to a different payment platform, 
even in the micro market, yet and try to see if we can save on this? I am just trying to understand 
the management thinking around this that why haven't we yet experimented around that?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: I know it's a valid observation. We need to figure it out. What is the best way whether to change 
our model or whether to follow something like Netflix and all that. We have to see what is the 
friction, what is that benefits, whether plus and minus, you have to do some experiments. So, we 
are looking at various options. You are right. And see whether we can overcome the challenge 
beyond this legal case. Yes, you are right. Yes.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And on the costing, if you can just give a sense, I mean, so AMC cost is obviously 180 crores, 
roughly, here and there. But given that you are also planning to enter some newer segments, as 
you talked about, should we expect that this will go up because you will be investing behind the 
new launches, et cetera, or how do we see this next year and going forward?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, there may be some increase, obviously, when you first begin. We can also can grow and so 
we are to see whether we can overcome Google challenge that will help us to get that the money 
what you are talking about that help us to get that money back. Yes, we had to work it out 
because it's too early for us because the product is still working in progress. We are not really 
working on how much it's going to cost and all. I think at this point of time, I am not in a position 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
to comment on that one. Yes, there will be an additional increase in marketing, but how much 
we are doing was we have not really worked on it yet.  
Sushanth Pai:  
Just to add that many of these initiatives will take shape in FY '25. So, just in the coming month, 
we will be entering our planning and budgeting cycle. So, when we declare our results in May, 
we will have a better view on all of this in terms of where we see FY '25, because it's not going 
to affect Q4 as such some of the new initiatives like luv.com.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And any one-off in the employee cost because of which it's down or something that you see 
come back up? Any comments on that?  
Sushanth Pai:  
Yes, so the employee costs, what happens is, one is, at the quarter end, there could be some 
headcount plus or minus because, like that we manage about 1,000 people plus at a very low 
level. So, attrition can happen at the quarter end. Second is the things which are little variable in 
the employee costs, like the variable pay, other things that make up, like gratuity provisions, 
they are all trued up every quarter, and that can also have a little variation quarter-to-quarter. 
But broadly it's in a range bound thing. So, it's nothing major in terms of one-off costs.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Anuj Sharma from M3 Investment. Please go 
ahead. 
Anuj Sharma: 
Two questions really. One is, in terms of relevance of the profile, how is that change in terms of 
how the active profiles were couple of years ago and how relevant is the profile today? That's 
question number one. Second is in terms of customer satisfaction. So, how are we tracking 
customer satisfaction? And let's suppose we had a parameter of 1 to 10, where do you think we 
have reached and what is the aim we have for customer satisfaction?  
 
The second question is on customer satisfaction. I was just trying to understand what is the 
metrics we are using to understand the customer satisfaction and where do we think we have 
reached in that understanding?  
Muruavel Janakiraman:  
In terms of the profiles relevance, we continue to look at the profiles and continue to optimize 
to ensure that we are getting the right relevant profile. It's not that acquiring profile for the sake 
of acquiring profile because in the matrimony realm, it's important to acquiring the profile who 
are serious about getting a life partner. Otherwise today, there are platforms, you can get a profile 
acquisition because important to ensure that you provide a very safe and trusted platform or get 
only those people who are well intended for matrimony. That's why it's not about profile 
acquisition. There was always a growth in few years ago, but yes, here we had good growth in 
profile, but post COVID, we had an impact on the profile growth. So, I think the profile are 
growing at only marginally, at the relevant profile thing. In terms of the rating, definitely, 
customer satisfaction is very, very important. We track based on many things be it our apps 
rating or customer comments. It's continue to get better one day. So, you continue to make 
progress, continue to make improvements and so that way there is always the focus on driving 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
the better customer experience in one of our focus areas. We listen to the customer, the feedback, 
and continue to improve our product based on the customer feedback, customer think.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
See, in terms of relevance of profile, I am sure you would have heard, but one of the common 
observations is lot of profiles which seem to be active have already moved on. So, how do you 
ensure that the actors which are on the portal are the ones who are interested and how do you 
curate the data? So, I am just trying to understand the curation engine. How is the duration 
changing rather than acquisition? So, how is let's suppose three years ago or five years ago… 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, understood. Basically, whether a customer is active, fine, if they have not found a life 
partner, other than one side, there are two things. When the customer themselves delete a profile, 
say that they found a life partner, they have deleted a profile, they move out. In case the customer 
is not active for whatever reason while you create a profile, we ourselves purge the profile 
beyond a certain time frame. We don't keep the profile beyond a certain number of months if the 
customer is not active. So, it's not that someone created a profile three years ago, do they 
continue beyond a Matrimony platform? No, if they are not active. So, if they are not active 
beyond few months, automatically your profile will get purged. It won't be part of our database.  
Pulkit Singhal: 
And just on customer satisfaction, is there an internal number which we track, and you are able 
to objectively analyze the satisfaction level, let's suppose three years ago, two years ago, today, 
is there a number which is, how do I understand or how do you understand our customers more 
satisfied earlier versus today? And that's a feedback loop that helps you to improve and get 
better. So, how do you track that really?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: One thing that globally that the demand of customer, the customer expertise will continue on the 
rise. So, I think that is the case everywhere. You know, it's not that the kind of service what you 
people got used to 10 years ago, now the people, now people definitely want a better and better 
service. We also understand, as an organization, we have to continue to improve and provide a 
better service. You know, that is something we track very, very closely, customer satisfaction, 
customer feedback. And so that way, we continue to get better. So, is there any number per se I 
can give? No, I am not able to put a number to it. However, I say that definitely that's one of 
focus areas. All I can say, we are definitely getting or improving on per customer satisfaction. 
But there is no number I can give specific number at this point of time. It was like, say, in the 
scale of one to five, it was four, now move to 4.5. No, that's not the case. Meaning I don't put a 
number, but the satisfaction level has moved because we continue to make product improvement, 
process improvement. In every area we continue to make process.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Ankur Jain, an investor. Please go ahead. 
Ankur Jain: 
So, I have a couple of questions. So, the first one is from the outside to us, this space looks very 
promising with a large unmarried population, and smart code penetration, and online adoption 
of category. But somehow the online matrimony space showed very slow, has shown very slow 
growth in the category expansion itself. So, what challenges do you see? I mean, why isn't the 
category growing faster?  

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, see, they see that because this category been there for long years, the online matrimony 
category is fairly known. So, the people, this category has been growing probably around maybe 
5 to 10% growth. So, between the current the way we have been operating on that. So, we have 
to either work on the ways to convert from the profile acquisition. You are operating at a certain 
level of conversions. We have to, maybe continue to experiment or get the conversion to a much 
better level so that the volume conversion can move up or identify our ways to get more profile 
acquisition. On the either the top-level profile acquisition needs to get better, or the conversion 
need to get better or probably identify the initiatives that can help us to grow better. So, yes, 
there are challenges the way they have been growing because of certain constraints, but however, 
we are taking some steps. It's not that this category, the profiles acquisition has been growing at 
a phenomenal rate. It's been growing at the margin rate. I think that's one of the challenges we 
have in this category. 
Ankur Jain: 
Yes, and all three players, they have spent huge amounts of money on marketing and advertising 
over the last few years, but still the category hasn't expanded. So, marketing is definitely not one 
of the reasons. I mean, there is a huge amount of advertising happening.  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, you are right. So, the marketing as it is told, I think, we are spending more than what is 
because of the competitors stepped up the marketing. Otherwise, actually, it is more like instead 
of spending Rs. 100 and suddenly everybody wants to spend Rs. 500. We have to resort to the 
increase in marketing spend. So, net net has it really benefited anybody for that matter 
significantly? Yes, here and there, some percentage point moved up in order, but not really help 
anyone in order. It's a more of, I would say, the media companies are benefiting out of the 
increase in marketing spend or the Company like Google. But that's the nature of the industry at 
this point in time. We have to increase the marketing spend to manage that increased competitive 
activity. But just because the increased marketing spend has really got more people to come into 
online matrimony significantly, then the kind of growth in the marketing spend. Has it resulted 
in the kind of growth on profile acquisition? It is not the case. It's growing at only certain pace 
and to continue growth at that pace only. 
Ankur Jain: 
And in your experience, how have the other Internet-based ecosystems, like the online job 
market and other systems, how did they gain adoption in the Indian context?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: The thing is that, see, unlike the matrimony business, it is a clear business. It's a one-time in a 
lifetime. So, the customer tends to stay for one year. When they say one year, obviously people 
prefer our brand. That's an advantage we have. A lot of people come to us because they know 
the brand, they think that's an advantage. So, no matter what you told last 24 years, there never 
been a degrowth in our business year-on-year, but the growth may vary from maybe 10% to even 
40, 50% growth also in the early days. The thing is that the people stay for one year or two. It 
depends on maybe some people like three months also. Unlike other businesses, where you are 
talking jobs and all, once you sign up with a customer, the customer tends to, by and large, renew 
the order. It's probably lifelong to a large extent also. I think that's in between, probably the 
volume of the number of customers signing up, millions of people are signing up, but this, India 
is still a large opportunity. There are 60 million people, maybe around 10 to 15 million, 10 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
million people have come to online. Probably we will catch a reason to launch, maybe luv.com 
or jodi, we are continuing to figure out what are the other ways the different set of people who 
have not come to the online Matrimony platform to come and experience the platform or services 
so that we can convert better. So, the matrimony business is large B2C compared to the B2B 
business, but in a way that once acquire a customer, yes, they can continue to pay an order. It's 
a different type of business. There are advantages. There are challenges.  
Ankur Jain: 
So, finally, I would like to share one pain point. I spoke to some of the users of online 
matrimonial space. So, one pain point which they shared with me was that once a subscriber, he 
signs up and after a while he or she finds a prospective match, they want to spend some time 
meeting and exploring. They want to take the relationship forward. And sometimes this takes a 
few months and some of those cases, they decide not to take it forward. And then the process 
starts from scratch. If somebody has taken a subscription for three months and then he or she 
explored a relationship which took a couple of months and they come back, then in all this while 
the subscription is still active, and they have to renew the subscription if they want to start it 
again. So, they feel that the money has gone to waste and then there is inertia to renew and drop 
off. So, how about this pain point and how do we address this pain point?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Actually, someday I will see the other way because for the money customer investing, the benefit 
what they are getting, it's too precious. Someone can't put a price to finding a life partner. Today 
millions of people find a life partner, they have paid Rs. 5,000, got a life partner. And sometimes 
we look, people are spending crores of money on wedding. But the most important thing on the 
wedding is the spouse, where the people have to spend 5,000, 10,000, got the life partner, where 
you spend like crores of money or lakhs of money on various other services. So, actually, 
sometimes we have to probably make do to understand, look, the money, what they are paying, 
matchmaking is like much more precious and much cheaper compared to what one can pay for 
any services in the world. 
Ankur Jain: 
No, I understand and appreciate your point, but you know, we have a paradox here that even 
though people are spending crores on marriages, but still the profile growth and the paid 
subscriber growth in this online matrimony space is very tepid. So, we clearly see a paradox in 
play. And this is a pain point, which what I am sharing is something which I spoke to a couple 
of users, and they said, yes, I think this is definitely a pain point and rather they shared this as a 
pain point. So, just one thing. What struck me was that, like, we are using, I am a subscriber of 
Tata Play and they have an option where if you are going on a vacation, you can suspend your 
subscription for 15 days and then your subscription gets carried on for whatever time, that much 
additional time. So, if you have stopped the subscription for 15 days, you have paused it, you 
can resume it after 15 days. So, have you thought about the similar pause option to your 
subscribers?  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes. The majority of the business doesn't work that way because it's very difficult because 
imagine if you sign up for Spotify, okay, I watch music one day, I don't watch music one day. 
The many subscription doesn't work that way. It's based on the tenure, whether how much you 
use it or not use it, I think that's the subscription model. While I appreciate some are used to the 

 
Matrimony.com 
February 09, 2024 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
other thing, but you never add this as a challenge in terms of people while you are talking about 
the overall the subscription thing, not actually today, you have millions of profiles.  
 
In fact, sometimes there are challenges. Look at 10 years ago and five years ago. Today, there 
are 4, 5 million people on the platform. So, there are enough and more matches. In this case, we 
are talking about someone did not work out. Yes, that's a chance to take life partner may or may 
not work out. So, giving you pause, come back, this kind of thing doesn't work out because of 
the nature of the business, nature of the things because otherwise what happens? The person can 
contact all the matches in one single day. Okay, take your pause for another 90 days and come 
back. So, it's a different business model or globally, maybe I would say 98% of the business, our 
subscription business, they work on a tenure, not based on the usage in our process.  
 
So, we prefer to operate this way. While I understand there are some users who may not be 
happy with it and majority of the people are, and millions of people are getting married in our 
process. That's a different problem. Yes. 
Ankur Jain: 
 No, I just thought because there is already a subscription business, which has an option like this. 
So, I just thought I'll highlight this to you and maybe you can think about it.  
Murugavel Janakiraman: Yes, definitely, appreciate working on the thing, but that will put a lot of complexity on our 
thing. While we understand the user has that expectation, but yes, there are the practical 
difficulties also that will put the burden on the system actually, because these are the practical 
difficulties.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that's the last question. I now hand the conference over to the 
management for the closing comments.  
Murugavel Janakiraman:  Thank you so much for your interest and participation and look forward to speaking to you.  
Sushanth Pai:  
Thank you all for your participation. In case you have any questions, please feel free to write to 
us. Thank you.  
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management team. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of ICICI 
Securities, that concludes this conference call. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
___________________________________________________________________________  
(This document has been edited for readability) 
Vijayanand S  
Company Secretary  
Matrimony.com Ltd.  
No: 94, TVH Beliciaa Towers, Tower 2, 5th Floor,  
MRC Nagar, Raja Annamalaipuram, Chennai- 600028, Tamil Nadu, India.  
Phone: 044-4900 1919,  
Email: investors@matrimony.com,  
CIN: L630901N2001PLC047432 
