 
 
 
   ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
IRDA Reg. No. 115                             CIN: L67200MH2000PLC129408 
 
       You can contact us at: 
Mailing Address:                                Registered Office:                                                           Toll free No. : 1800 2666 
401 & 402, 4th Floor, Interface 11,      ICICI Lombard House, 414, Veer Savarkar Marg,            Email: customersupport@icicilombard.com                                 
New Linking Road, Malad (West),        Near Siddhi Vinayak Temple, Prabhadevi,                       Website: www.icicilombard.com 
     Mumbai - 400 064                                Mumbai - 400 025                                                              
  
     
Ref. No.: MUM/SEC/479-1/2024 
 
January 22, 2024 
 
To, 
 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager  
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, 
Mumbai – 400 051 
 
Scrip code: Equity (BSE: 540716/ NSE: ICICIGI); Debt (NSE: ILGI29) 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and 
Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 - Transcript of earnings conference 
call for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2023 
 
This is further to our letter dated January 9, 2024 and January 16, 2024, please note 
that the Company had hosted an earnings conference call with investor(s) and 
analyst(s) on Tuesday, January 16, 2024 to discuss the financial performance of the 
Company for the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
In this regard, please find attached the transcript of the ‘earnings conference call’ for 
the quarter and nine-months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
The above information will also be made available on the Company's website at 
www.icicilombard.com. 
 
You are requested to kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours Sincerely, 
 
For ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
 
 
 
Vikas Mehra 
Company Secretary 
 
Encl. As above  
Vikas 
Mehra
Digitally signed 
by Vikas Mehra 
Date: 2024.01.22 
19:56:41 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 22 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited  
Q3 & 9M FY2024 Earnings Conference Call  
January 16, 2024 
 
 
Management: 
 
MR. SANJEEV MANTRI – MD & CEO 
MR. GOPAL BALACHANDRAN – CFO & CRO 
MR. ALOK AGARWAL – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
MR. GIRISH NAYAK – CHIEF TECHNOLOGY & HEALTH UNDERWRITING & 
CLAIMS 
MR. SANDEEP GORADIA – CHIEF - CORPORATE SOLUTION GROUP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 22 
ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY2024 Earnings Conference Call 
January 16, 2024 
 
Safe Harbor:             Except for the historical information contained herein, statements in this 
release which contain words or phrases such as 'will' , 'would', 
‘indicating’ , ‘expected to’ etc., and similar expressions or variations of 
such expressions may constitute 'forward-looking statements'. These 
forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and 
other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from 
those suggested by the forward-looking statements. These risks and 
uncertainties include, but are not limited to our ability to successfully 
implement our strategy, our growth and expansion in business, the 
impact of any acquisitions, technological implementation and changes, 
the actual growth in demand for insurance products and services, 
investment income, cash flow projections, our exposure to market risks, 
policies and actions of regulatory authorities; impact of competition; the 
impact of changes in capital, solvency or accounting standards, tax and 
other legislations and regulations in the jurisdictions as well as other 
risks detailed in the reports filed by ICICI Bank Limited, our Promoter 
company with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
ICICI Bank and we undertake no obligation to update forward-looking 
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date there. 
 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thank you. Good evening to each one of you. Thank you for joining the 
Earnings Conference Call of ICICI Lombard for Q3 and 9M FY2024. 
I would like to wish you and your family a great 2024 ahead. While we 
had a brief interaction in the last quarter, I'm happy and excited to 
engage with you all in my new role. 
I would like to take the first few minutes to share my vision on the 
journey ahead for our Company. 
I firmly believe we are in the midst of exciting times, both as a country 
and as an industry. India is expected to be the fastest growing economy 
globally. The insurance sector in our country continues to provide a 
multi decadal growth opportunity supported by the regulatory 
commitment to enable “Insurance for all by 2047”. In my view, this will 
unleash tremendous positives for the industry in times to come.  
As a Company, we will continue to create newer value pools in the 
industry and maximize our participation in the existing ones and I 
believe we can achieve this through our vision of ‘One IL One Team’. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 22 
Now let me give you a brief perspective on our vision of “One IL One 
Team”: 
Over the years, the Company has created multiple functions/ teams to 
access various business opportunities available. This was an approach 
which worked well for us in that phase of our journey. However, the 
present scenario is fast evolving and dynamic due to which the existing 
way of functioning inhibits us from leveraging the combined strength of 
the organization.  
Keeping this in mind, we have decided to bring a conscious shift in our 
core philosophical approach. We aim to transcend functional silos and 
convert the entire organization into a united team working towards a 
single organizational purpose. Simply put, it implies ‘When ICICI 
Lombard wins, Everyone wins’.  
This will be our core cultural anchor and every decision that we take, 
whether strategic or tactical, will be guided by this. I am excited to share 
that we have already taken early steps to align our organization to this 
in letter and spirit.  
However, as we embark on this journey, we will continue to focus on 
market opportunities and leverage our existing distribution channels. 
We have over the years followed a customer centric approach and will 
continue with our overarching philosophy of balancing growth with 
profitability. 
Let me now give you a brief overview of the industry trends and 
developments that we have witnessed in the past few months. Post this, 
our CFO, Mr. Gopal Balachandran will share the ‘Financial 
Performance’ of the Company for the Quarter and 9 Months ended 
December 31, 2023. 
Domestic GDP grew by 7.6% during quarter ended September 30 2023, 
indicating strong growth, primarily driven by the government 
infrastructure push. Healthy balance sheets of banks and corporates, 
improving business sentiments and rise in public and private capex 
should boost capex activity going forward. Broader economic activity 
indicators like GST collections, e-way bills generation, manufacturing 
PMIs, non-food credit growth indicate global demand in the economy. 
However, the headwinds for domestic growth can emerge from weak 
external demand, tight financial conditions and geopolitical tensions. 
As we speak, India is globally the fastest growing auto market and is 
the 3rd largest in terms of sales volume. As per SIAM, in 9M FY2024, 
new private car sales continued to have robust growth despite the 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 22 
higher base with over 3.1 million vehicles being sold mainly driven by 
festive demand.  
For 9M FY2024, 13.5 million Two-Wheelers were sold, also helped by 
an uptick in rural demand. For the full year, the sales are expected to 
cross pre covid levels.  
For 9M FY2024, 1.2 million Commercial vehicles were sold. This was 
driven by growth in infra and other core sectors.  
Health insurance continued to deliver robust growth, remaining the 
largest contributor to overall industry premium.  
The commercial lines of business witnessed growth in line with current 
market environment. Further private and public capex investments have 
led to robust growth in the engineering line of business. We expect the 
commercial lines segment to do well in the future on back of overall 
economic growth and capacity creation. 
Now, speaking of the Performance, the General Insurance industry 
delivered a YoY Gross Direct Premium Income (GDPI) growth of 14.0% 
for 9M FY2024. Excluding Crop and Mass health, the growth is at 15.2% 
for the same period.  
Overall, the combined ratio of the industry was at 111.9% for H1 
FY2024 as against 112.2% for H1 FY2023 excluding the impact of wage 
arrears for the PSU insurers. Within the industry, the industry Combined 
Ratio for Motor business was 119.4% for H1 FY2024 as against 123.5% 
for H1 FY2023. While the improvement in combined ratio is directionally 
positive, it continues to remain at elevated level.  
Further, for 9M FY2024, the industry has witnessed 3 catastrophic 
events, which is expected to have an impact on FY2024 industry 
Combined ratio. 
Moving to business impact for us in Q3 & 9M FY2024: 
The Company grew at 13.4% during Q3 FY2024, which was higher than 
the industry growth of 12.3%. For 9M FY2024, our growth was 16.5% 
against the industry growth of 14%. 
I will now speak about the performance in key business segments 
during the quarter and 9M FY2024: 
 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 22 
 
In the Commercial line of business, we have developed strong 
capabilities on the back of a unique distribution franchise, duly 
complemented 
by 
our 
value-added 
services, 
risk 
based 
underwriting, and large and highly rated reinsurance capacities. As 
a result, we have consolidated our market position in this business 
over the last decade. During Q3 FY2024, we grew at 12.5% against 
an industry growth of 13.3%. For 9M FY2024, we have grown by 
15.7% which was higher than the industry growth of 9.7%. 
 
 
Motor as a category has always been a focus area for us. As we 
speak for the first 9 months, we are the 2nd largest Motor insurer and 
for Q3, we achieved an industry leading position in this segment. 
We have a robust reserving philosophy which is demonstrated by 
our reserving triangles and granular data for our portfolio decisions.  
We will continue to leverage our strong multi distribution structure, 
which enables us to access the market, along with the best-in-class 
claim servicing teams focusing on superlative customer experience.  
For the motor segment in Q3, we have registered a growth of 5.6% 
as against industry growth of 10.0%. For 9M FY2024, we grew at 
7.1% as against the industry growth of 14.3%.  
The growth in Motor segment was aided by strong growth in the new 
private car segment, which grew at ~30% for 9 months. Our Two-
wheeler growth for 9M FY2024 was ~14%, which was higher than 
the SIAM volume growth of 9.9%. As the rural demand picks up, we 
hope to see the trend continue. 
The CV segment as we had mentioned in our earlier calls, had no 
TP price hike for FY2024 and consequently, we focused on targeted 
portfolio sourcing among the available value pools.  
For 9M FY2024, our mix of Private car, Two-wheeler and CV stands 
at 51.4%, 27.8% and 20.8% respectively.  
We also continue to build efficiency in Motor claims. In Q3 FY2024, 
through our Preferred Partner Network (PPN), we have been able 
to service 67% of our Agency and Direct claims, up from 51% in Q3 
FY2023.  
We are excited about the opportunity in the Motor segment and will 
leverage all our existing capabilities as One team to carry the 
momentum in the coming quarters. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 22 
 The Health segment continued to be the fastest growing segment 
for the industry. We grew faster than the industry both in Q3 and 
9M, registering a growth of 24.7% and 29.1% respectively.  
Our Retail Health business grew in line with the industry at 19.2% 
for 9M FY2024. To create a sustainable portfolio, we are focusing 
on preferred geographies and higher sum insured. Our new 
business grew at 24.5% during this period. While we would have 
liked to grow faster, we will continue to invest by focusing on 
preferred segments and new product launches in the coming 
quarters. 
On Bancassurance, we have developed an industry leading 
practice, which continues to be a strong pillar for our Company. Our 
Bancassurance and Key Relationship Groups grew at 13.6% for the 
quarter and 21.5% for 9M FY2024. We will continue to deep-mine 
our existing relationships by creating new value streams, which at 
the same time, focusing on acquiring new relationships. Within this, 
ICICI group distribution grew at 19.9% for Q3 and 16.9% for 9M.  
Our one stop solution for all insurance and wellness needs, the ”IL 
TakeCare” app has surpassed ~8.5 million user downloads till date. 
We continued our growth momentum with ~1.6 million user 
downloads for the quarter and during the quarter, sourced premium 
was over ₹ 1.00 billion through this app, registering a 3.2x increase 
YoY. Our digital business grew at 39.1% in Q3 and 43.0% in 9M 
and constitutes 6.6% and 5.8% respectively of overall business 
numbers. It would continue to be the key growth driver for us.  
As I look ahead, I'm personally very excited with this opportunity 
and committed to creating long term sustainable value for all our 
stakeholders.  
Now I would request Gopal to take you through the financial 
numbers for the recently concluded quarter and nine months. 
Gopal Balachandran:  Thanks, Sanjeev, and good evening to all. I will now give you a brief 
overview of the financial performance of the recently concluded 
quarter and nine months. We have uploaded the ‘Results 
Presentation’ on our website. You can access it as we walk you 
through the performance numbers. 
Gross direct premium income (GDPI) of the Company was at                        
₹ 187.03 billion in 9M FY2024 as against ₹ 160.48 billion in 9M 
FY2023. This was the growth of 16.5%, which was higher than the 
industry growth of 14.0%. Excluding Crop and Mass health, GDPI 
growth of the Company was at 15.6%. It was higher than the industry 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 22 
growth of 15.2% in 9M FY2024. GDPI was at ₹ 62.30 billion in Q3 
FY2024 as against ₹ 54.93 Bn in Q3 FY2023, a growth of 13.4%. 
This growth was higher than the industry growth of 12.3%. Excluding 
Crop and Mass health, GDPI growth was at 12.0%, which was again 
higher than the industry growth of 11.3% in Q3 FY2024.  
 Our GDPI growth during the quarter was primarily driven by growth 
in the preferred segments. The overall GDPI of our property and 
casualty segment grew by 12.5% at ₹ 16.00 billion in Q3 FY2024 as 
against ₹ 14.22 billion in Q3 FY2023. 
 
 On the retail side of the business, GDPI of the Motor segment was 
at ₹ 28.42 billion in Q3 FY2024 as against ₹ 26.91 billion in Q3 
FY2023 registering a growth of 5.6%.  
o The advanced premium numbers was at ₹ 33.04 Bn at  
December 31, 2023 as against ₹ 32.89 billion at September 30, 
2023.  
 
 GDPI of the health segment was at ₹ 13.79 billion in Q3 FY2024 as 
against ₹ 11.05 billion in Q3 FY2023, registering a growth of 24.7%. 
o Our agents, which includes the Point-of-Sale (POS) distribution 
count was 125,088 as on December 31, 2023, up from 122,461 
as on September 30, 2023.  
o GDPI of the Retail Health segment grew by 16.2% during the 
quarter three.  
o Group Health segment grew by 27.2% during Q3 FY2024  
As against last year where we saw no major catastrophic events, 
during this year we witnessed 3 major catastrophes - cyclone 
Biparjoy, North India floods and cyclone Michaung. Our share of 
insured losses in these CAT events have been lower than our natural 
market share. Resultantly, Combined ratio was 103.7% for 9M 
FY2024 as against 104.6% for 9M FY2023. Excluding the impact of 
CAT losses of ₹ 1.37 billion in 9M FY2024, the combined ratio was 
102.6%. Combined ratio was 103.6% in Q3 FY2024 as against 
104.4% in Q3 FY2023. Again, excluding the impact of CAT losses of 
₹ 0.54 billion in Q3 FY2024, the Combined ratio was 102.3%. 
Our investment assets rose to ₹ 468.67 billion as at December 31, 
2023 from ₹ 453.12 billion as at September 30, 2023. Our investment 
leverage (net of borrowings) was 4.11x as at December 31, 2023, as 
against 4.07x as at September 30, 2023. Investment income was at 
₹ 25.96 billion in 9M FY2024 as against ₹ 21.60 billion in 9M FY2023. 
On a quarterly basis, investment income was at ₹ 8.38 billion in Q3 
FY2024 as against ₹ 7.66 billion in Q3 FY2023. Our capital gains 
(net of impairment of investment assets) stood at ₹ 3.95 billion in 9M 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 22 
FY2024 as compared to ₹ 2.94 billion in 9M FY2023. Capital gains 
(net of impairment of investment assets) stood at ₹ 1.08 billion in Q3 
FY2024 as against ₹ 1.52 billion in Q3 FY2023. 
Our Profit before tax (PBT), grew by 20.6% at ₹ 18.57 billion in 9M 
FY2024 as against ₹ 15.40 billion in 9M FY2023, whereas PBT grew 
by 23.3% at ₹ 5.74 billion in Q3 FY2024 as against ₹ 4.65 billion in 
Q3 FY2023.  
Consequently, Profit after tax (PAT), grew by 8.3% at ₹ 13.99 billion 
in 9M FY2024 as against ₹ 12.92 billion in 9M FY2023. Excluding the 
impact of reversal of tax provision in Q2 FY2023, PAT grew by 20.2% 
in 9M FY2024. PAT grew by 22.4% at ₹ 4.31 billion in Q3 FY2024, 
up from ₹ 3.53 billion in Q3 FY2023.  
Return on average equity (ROAE) was 17.1% in 9M FY2024 as 
against 18.1% in 9M FY2023. The return on average equity for Q3 
FY2024 was 15.3% as against 14.3% in Q3 FY2023.  
The Solvency ratio was at 2.57x at December 31, 2023, as against 
2.59x at September 30, 2023. This continued to be higher than the 
regulatory minimum of 1.50x. 
As I conclude, I would like to reiterate, we continue to stay focused 
on driving profitable growth, sustainable value creation and 
safeguarding the interest of policyholders at all times. 
I would like to thank you all for attending this earnings call and we 
will now be happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. The 
first question is from the line of Shreya Shivani from CLSA, please 
go ahead. 
Shreya Shivani: 
Thank you for the opportunity. Congratulations on a good set of 
numbers. I have two questions. Sir, firstly, excluding all the 
calamities that we have seen in 9 months, your Combined ratio has 
come at 102.3%, right? And we had earlier given a guidance to reach 
102% by FY2025 end. So, clearly a much better growth in new 
vehicle sales has supported lower loss ratios this year. So, can you 
help us understand what is your revised guidance for the next year 
or next 2 years is on the combined ratio side given that we know that 
you are currently investing in the health portfolio and on the 
technology front etc. So, that will be the first question. And the 
second question, sir, can you quantify the loss ratio trend for Retail 
health and Group health? And there have been some covid cases in 
the Southern part of the country. How many cases do you have? Is 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 22 
it something that we should be concerned about for the fourth 
quarter? Just trying to understand if there's yet another thing that 
hits us in the next quarter? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
As far as the combined ratio guidance is concerned, Gopal will share 
with you in detail the loss ratios that you're seeking on the retail as 
well as the group health side. Clearly, we stick to the guideline of 
what we had mentioned that we will go to 102 over a period of time. 
In terms of revision, clearly from an industry standpoint, again we 
are seeing ourselves doing reasonably well, but does this lead to 
make us believe that the guidance can go through a change at this 
point, we would say we hold to this. We want to see this trend holding 
up over next maybe a quarter or two. And then we'll come back to 
the market if we believe there is a revision to be done on that. In 
terms of retail and GHI trending by, we have seen improvement over 
what we have achieved over the last quarter. Gopal will share the 
numbers and details. 
Gopal Balachandran:  Shreya, this is the employer employee or let's say the group health 
loss ratios, for Q3FY2023, that number was 98.9%. This year Q3, 
the number stands at about 93.1%. On a 9 month basis,  the GHI 
loss ratios for 9M FY2023 was 95.9% and for 9M FY2024, that 
number is 95.8%. On retail indemnity, in the same order, Q3 FY2023 
was 68%, Q3 FY2024 is at 66%. This is pretty much in line with the 
range that we have been talking about, which is in the range of 
between 65% to 70% is the threshold that we are comfortable with 
on the retail indemnity side. And on the 9 month basis, again retail 
indemnity loss ratio for 9M FY2023 was at 65.2%, this year in 9M 
FY2024 we are at about 65.6%. So, that is the breakdown in terms 
of the loss ratio across different segments.  
To your last point on covid claims intimations, too early, at this point 
of time, we don't see any specific instances or any spikes that we 
get to see. Obviously, we will watch for the development, but nothing 
at this point of time for us to call out. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
     As of now, no cause of concern. 
Shreya Shivani:  
And the overall combined ratio guidance, I get it right that you may 
come back to us after maybe a quarter or two if there is any change 
in the guidance, for now it's 102% for FY25? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Right now, it's 102%. We're not changing it, but as I said, seeing how 
the Quarter 4 goes, we will come back probably by the year end. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanketh Godha from 
Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 22 
Sanketh Godha: 
Sanjeev, we are seeing a little better trend in motor especially in the 
month of November and December compared to the industry. So, 
just wanted to understand that our strategy with respect to motor has 
changed, probably we are seeing little growth coming back. Is it 
because of the pricing environment changing or we believe we will 
be little more aggressive or more confident to do motor than what we 
were doing in the past, that's my first question. And on similar lines 
again in the third quarter if I see, you seem to have grown retail health 
especially at a lower rate compared to the industry. I mean, despite 
doing investments, we thought that you will grow at least 1.2x to 1.3x 
of the industry, your growth seems to be broadly lower than the 
industry, marginally lower than industry. So, I just wanted to 
understand why the cautious stance being taken with respect to 
health or is it because of the competition on retail health. That's on 
growth. And just for Gopal, the question is motor TP loss ratio, see 
the number seems to be again very good at around 62% in Q3 or 
65% in 9 months. So, typically we tend to boost up the reserves in 
fourth quarter, the historical trends suggest so. So, is it a case that 
we will see a similar trend or you believe that 65% motor TP loss ratio 
reported for 9 months will sustain for the entire year and similarly, if 
you can comment on the motor OD too, whether this is the number 
what we are looking at 65%? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Gopal will cover the TP part. I will cover the motor, what is the trend 
that we are seeing and the strategy going forward, also on the retail 
health in terms of the numbers which are relatively subdued which I 
also said in my initial comment that definitely where we wanted to 
grow faster than that. First thing on the motor, we continue to be a 
very competent and relevant player, we saw in the past also and we 
have given that guidance that whenever we see that kind of market 
share we shaved off, it was more cautious because the intensity what 
we thought would get stabilized did not happen, so we had taken a 
step back and let it flow the way it is. Now, we have seen some of 
our key competitors who are re-looking at the approach reeling , have 
started putting lot more method in that madness and that has given 
us an opportunity. That being said, Q3 typically has a tendency to 
have lot more new sales in the season and there we do end up with 
the structure that we have. Having a lot more to achieve as a team 
on motor, overall on market share, but more importantly the very 
critical trend which can highlight to all of you is that YoY we have 
been losing a bit of a market share but for the month of December, 
we have gained a market share, we are at 10.7% against 10.5% last 
year December. So that trend is a critical one and we are well placed 
in terms of what we believe if we see this environment operating on 
semblance, we will not participate in any crazy hunt if that's what the 
market leads to. Every reason to believe there will be a bit more of 
semblance and in that scenario we will see ourselves exerting a lot 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 22 
more in quarter 4 for in time to come. So, that's what we have on 
motor trend broadly.  
On the retail health, subdued number. It's not something which we 
are very worried, but yes, we would have loved to grow faster. We 
have taken certain calls in terms of sum insured which category of 
portfolio to write, because again if you know whatever health book 
that we write, it is for a lifetime renewability technically and we need 
to hold on to that customer. We had certain early trends which got us 
concerned. That being said, our new book has still grown at almost 
25% and we do believe that in time to come with the sort of 
investment that we have done with our human capital as well as the 
product profile, which will also happen over next couple of quarters 
from our side, we would be a potent force and the mission that we 
have shared is formally on track. These are all conscious calls which 
do not deter us in terms of where we stand. Motor TP, I will ask Gopal 
to answer in terms of the details that you had sought. 
Gopal Balachandran: So, Sanketh, our response will pretty much be on the lines as what I 
have been talking even in the past few earnings call. So, the range 
within which motor OD loss ratios will operate, even last quarters we 
have been talking about in the range of 60% to 65%. we pretty much 
stay on course in terms of that part of the range on the motor OD 
side. That's largely because as an organization we are kind of 
focusing a lot more in so far as the claims initiatives are concerned 
whether it is in the context of the average claim size etc. And 
therefore, the range that we are comfortable with on motor OD is in 
the range of 60 to 65.  
On motor TP, as we keep saying again, quarterly numbers may not 
be the right way to look at. But even on a 9 month basis, the numbers 
for us stand closer to about 65%. If I recollect, the range that we have 
talked about has been in the range of 65% to 70%, but that again 
would be a function of what kind of a risk selection that we do and 
the point that Sanjeev made, clearly as an organization we are 
significantly focusing on much more granularization of data, risk 
selection and so on and so forth. And therefore  the range that we 
would be looking at operating on third party side would be between 
65% to 70%, which is why on balance when you look at motor in the 
aggregate, that number should be in the range of between 65% to 
67%, which if you look at the 9-month numbers, the motor at an 
aggregate basis, the loss ratio stands at about 65% for this year. So, 
the range that we would be comfortable will be between 65% and 
67% on an aggregate basis.  
The only point I would say Sanketh is there is no specific trend line 
for us in Q4 seeing any form of aberration. Possibly what you are 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 22 
referring to is maybe couple of years back this is financial year 2021 
if I recollect it correct, I think there was certain Supreme Court 
judgments that had come through in that particular year and that is 
the reason why not just for ICICI Lombard, even at an industry level, 
the companies had to recalibrate their ultimate loss experiences and 
therefore one had to take some impact of strengthening of losses, 
but otherwise it is not necessary that we do see any kind of an inch 
up in third party loss experiences are concerned for Q4 which you 
are referring to. 
Sanketh Godha: 
No, because I saw a similar trend in Q4 FY2023 too, so that is the 
reason I was asking the question that 65 number is sustainable, but 
you answered that you are looking at the broad number of 65 to 70 
to play out for the motor TP loss ratio? Sanjeev, just to your comment 
on motor, just wanted to understand you are saying that in overall 
market competitive environment in motor OD, the relative madness 
has come up and therefore market is more conducive than it was in 
the past that is the conclusion I should make? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, I will tell you, that will be a relatively sharper conclusion, but yes, 
we do see some bit of semblance overall and the LR of the industry 
has gone down from 93% to 87% and so if that is the indication, yes, 
there is an improvement, but still if you are asking from an overall 
standpoint, the industry is writing the motor portfolio at a reasonable 
triple digit of combined ratio of 118-119%. So, there is a lot more that 
has to come and even the private sector is writing at 114-115%. It is 
a long journey, but what I can tell you Sanketh is that where we stand, 
the lens through which we are looking at the market we are 
reasonably confident of our practice and we will be able to drive value 
for the organization in the current environment that is prevailing, but 
long-term trends have to manifest. You know that the industry 
numbers come with a lag. We are awaiting the 9-month numbers for 
the industry to get a sense post which we will be able to give you 
closer to when the financial year gets closer for us. At that point of 
time, we can have a much more evolved discussion on this Sanketh. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhukar Ladha 
from Nuvama Wealth. Please go ahead. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Congratulations on a good underwriting performance. Clearly, you 
seem to be achieving your guidance sooner than expected. So, just 
a couple of questions on the motor side, so I wanted to understand 
how is the implementation of the entire loss reporting within 6 months’ 
time period, how is that progressing and what is our sort of 
expectation on that? And related question on this, is the industry  
believing that this will get implemented and as a result of that the 
competitive intensity had been high or are they looking because they 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 22 
believe that the ultimate loss ratios will be lower, is that the correct 
way to think about it or is that the way some industry participants are 
thinking about it and acting in that way? And second question, on 
your investment yield that seems to have dropped this quarter, so 
some understanding of what has actually played out over there, so 
those two would be my questions? 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, Madhukar, on the 6-months law of limitation, as we have been 
indicating that matter still is before the Supreme Court and obviously 
we will wait for the verdict to come out. What we understand is most 
of the state seems to be in favor of getting the law of 6 months 
implemented and therefore, one would obviously wait and see how 
the final verdict plays through, but the direction that states want to 
take is clearly to get a law of limitation in place. Having said that, what 
could happen let us assume for a moment that if it goes in favor of, 
let us say, in line with the 6-months law of limitation. Again, the impact 
could vary between players in the market because at an aggregate 
level for the market, obviously there will be some reduction in 
frequency as we have been explaining consequent to reduction in 
possible frauds. So, that is a positive so far as the overall market is 
concerned. Second, in the context of ICICI Lombard, obviously we 
have been inflating reserves with an inflation assumption between 
12% and 13%. This inflation assumption for the market may not be 
the same and therefore whenever this will play out, the impact could 
be slightly more beneficial for companies which have been 
reasonable in their inflation estimation and for us, as I said, ICICI 
Lombard has been inflating at 12%-13%. Markets if they have been 
inflating at a slightly lower number, therefore, the impact could be 
relatively moderate for those set of players, so hence in that sense, 
it would obviously translate into an incremental business opportunity 
for us. Having said that, this law of 6-months limitation will be 
applicable only on a prospective basis, which is effective from April 
1, 2022, so hence it is where we would be able to see as I said, a 
relative benefit play out for us in the context of the market.  
The other thing what could also happen, as the flip side to this is, in 
case, if finally, this law gets implemented, there is a possibility that 
next year or maybe in future the regulator and the government will 
very closely watch for the need for a TP price increase. While last 3-
4 years again, we have not necessarily seen any meaningful price 
change on the third party side, but given the fact that this six month 
law could lead to a positive development from an overall industry 
standpoint, we may see periods where we may not able to see further 
increases on the third party pricing. But obviously that is the 
development that we will again closely watch for in the third party six 
months law of limitation dynamics is concerned.  

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 22 
So, on the investment yield again, Madhukar as we have always said 
our realised return is a function of what do we see as interest accruals 
and what is it that we see as capital gains. For us given the fact that 
we have been explaining even in the earlier earnings calls, the high 
interest rate regime is something that we have obviously taken 
advantage of and hence, if you would have seen our yield to maturity 
on the overall book, that currently in fact at December 31 stands at 
7.31%. This number, if you recollect, maybe couple of few quarters 
back this number was less than 7% at about 6.92%. So, hence, we 
have actually been taking advantage of the higher interest rate 
regime and that is kind of auguring well so far as interest accruals 
are concerned, where you may possibly see in some quarters 
possibly a decline in yield is consequent to let us say maybe relatively 
lower levels of capital gains. That is purely a function of what we 
believe our market opportunities for any gains to be realized. We 
have generally not seen any instance where we have seen uniform 
levels of capital gains across quarters. So, in fact there again, I would 
urge similar to the discussions that we have been having on the loss 
ratio side, the yield on the overall portfolio should be looked at again, 
ideally over on a financial year basis, ideally over longer years, but 
definitely not on a quarter-on-quarter basis. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, just to add Madhukar, in terms of the point that you had 
mentioned on TP, directionally and we all will agree that even on the 
part of Motor Vehicle Act, the adoption at the state level would have 
always gone through its course, but if the intent is to make the overall 
consumer benefit, these things, in spite of the hiccups, I believe over 
a period of time will get implemented. In a country like ours, it will 
always be a little more complex, but multiple decisions which have 
been taken by the body, we remain positively cautious and see that 
this will flow in that direction over a period of time, but one bigger 
thing which I want to add Madhukar is, the way IIB has come up the 
stream and improved the quality of data sharing that can happen at 
the industry level, that has been transformative and the level of 
accuracy and the real time manner in which we can think all of the 
industry will benefit and we with the level of business that we do and 
that kind of an accuracy, I mean banking got transformed and Bureau 
came into place and you could really figure out where what stands 
and this data once it gets created in that form will also end up helping 
us figuring out fraud and so on and so forth, so the base work has 
got done. To me, that is also a big positive which can benefit 
companies like us substantially to drive efficient equation in the 
market. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
Just one question on the investment book, what is the amount of 
capital gains this time around, if you could give that versus the last 
quarter? 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 22 
Gopal Balachandran:  The number of capital gains for the Q3 FY2024 was about ₹ 108 Cr 
as against ₹ 152 Cr, which was the capital gains that we had Q3 
FY2023. 
Madhukar Ladha: 
And last quarter, what was the number? 
Gopal Balachandran: Q2 FY2024 number of capital gain, that number was about ₹ 164 Cr. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prayesh Jain from 
Motilal Oswal. Please go ahead. 
Prayesh Jain: 
Just a few questions, firstly, Sanjeev sir, could you elaborate on your 
strategy that you were talking about in your initial opening remarks? 
Could you just elaborate on that new philosophy that you are talking 
about? The second question was more on motor business granularity 
as to we have seen faster premium growth as compared to the 
vehicle growth and that is possibly because of certain factors like 
premiumization, share of EV's going higher, CNG share going higher, 
top models going higher or automated vehicles going higher, any of 
these cohorts where you think, particularly EVs, where your 
experience would have been kind of much better than what you have 
expected earlier and you see some price corrections out there or in 
with respect to drive as you use or the pilot project that we were 
working on earlier, how is that mix evolving? Some granularity on the 
motor business will help us kind of look forward into the future on this 
business? And last question was on commission ratio, where how do 
you see the commission ratio kind of panning out this quarter, it was 
at 17% there abouts and so how do you look at this ratio from a full 
year perspective in this year as well as years going ahead? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Let me give you a quick perspective on ‘One IL One Team’, as I also 
mentioned when I spoke earlier in my script the fact that it is core 
philosophy change, we have been in the business for the last 22 
years and obviously as an organization, we had created multiple 
center of excellences and these departments have gone on to deliver 
a lot more for the organization than one could have thought at the 
inception level, but the time has come where we need to add an 
overarching level, see that we are able to derive value at a multiplier 
level for the organization. To give you an example, we had value-
added services which were being driven by us as a Company, we 
have our own patents which are registered to manage risk, but these 
value-added services used to work more on a project basis with the 
entities. What we have ensured is that we are getting this embedded 
with the organization and multiple departments on the commercial 
side to drive the impact. Another part is on the data analytics side, 
the data engineers, we do have that particular department which was 
running and quite effectively, but it was not embedded, they used to 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 22 
operate on a project basis. What we have done is that we have gone 
ahead and got that department working with business teams to direct 
reporting in terms of making it work. So, there is lot of synergy 
benefits that can be driven on this at multiple counts, we would be 
driving and cost leveraging it. Our practice as we have always 
mentioned on the corporate side has been very extensive, but our 
ability to harness, to even procure retail business becomes a 
significant part of our strategy. It is not even cross sell. It is actually 
all embedded solutions. The bulk of the products that we deal with, 
are naturally inclined towards static requirement, whether it is SMEs 
on the commercial side or motor, health is the only discretionary 
product that corporates indulge in. You will also see product launches 
in time to come, which would be harnessing this opportunity across 
the segment. We have got a large presence for the consolidated 
approach that was required, but the word of caution is it does not 
mean that the dissecting of the market and ensuring that we leverage 
on our distribution will get diluted at any point in time for us. So, that 
is my two bit in terms of discussing ‘One IL One Team’ as a 
Company.  
Now, coming onto the motor part of the strategy as you see, we have 
seen a significant transformation. I just covered the EV part of 
business which you spoke about. From an overall industry 
penetration level, it has 9 months penetration was 3.5%. It has gone 
to almost 4.2% for us. We as a Company have a very dominant share 
on the EV side. On the private car, which is the passenger’s car, we 
are talking about, we have a market share of almost 18% and on two-
wheeler, we have a market share of almost 28%. We are obviously 
bullish and we do believe that over next couple of years we will have 
the inflection point. So, two points, one infrastructure and other  the 
price point which makes it workable. We would continue to invest and 
loss ratio, yes we do see that it is relatively better, but I would not 
rush to conclude that again because these are very early days. This 
will emanate over a period of time, but we will stay invested because 
this is the category which can rule the market.  
In terms of overall motor, clearly Q3 new sales which you spoke 
about and you have read those numbers that we have seen a growth 
in private car of 30%, in two-wheeler by almost 14%, much higher 
than what the industry has done. Again, multiple things, one, we are 
well equipped in terms of the new business. As and when that growth 
comes back, our ability to operate in a decisive manner is pretty much 
existing and we do believe that this should exhibit over next probably 
a quarter or so. But we never expected the industry on the private 
car to grow at the level of almost 7-7.5% because the base for last 
year itself was high and India has moved on to become the third 
largest manufacturer of overall motor vehicles which itself  speaks 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 22 
about how the volumes are getting driven. Another big change which 
has happened is the SUV cars have started dominating, for which 
the average ticket size is high, so you would also see that getting 
exhibited in a number as we speak about the motor growth that will 
come in. So, overall we remain positive in terms of driving our motor 
initiative as a team.  
On the commission ratio, I will ask Gopal to just quickly give you an 
update. We have been pretty much within the regulatory limits as 
prescribed and since in Q3 new vehicles growth is higher, the 
expense ratio tends to be elevated historically for the industry and 
more so for us. 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, Prayesh, in line with what we have been mentioning even in the 
earlier earnings call, a better metric to look at as we keep saying is 
combined ratios because there will always be businesses which 
could be high on LR and low on cost of acquisition and the vice versa 
as well. So, hence, one would urge to continue to look more at the 
combined ratios of the Company as a whole. Having said that, in line 
with what Sanjeev said, if you look at our expense of management 
(EOM) numbers at the percentage of GWP this number for the 9M 
FY2023 was at about 28.6%, for the 9M FY2024 this number stands 
at about 28.1%. So, there has been some improvement in the overall 
expense of management numbers, but as I said, a better metric to 
look at is the combined ratios for the Company as a whole. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nidhesh Jain from 
Investec. Please go ahead. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Firstly, on the health insurance, we have been investing in that 
distribution for last almost two years, but still our growth has been 
broadly in line with the industry, in the month of December, we lagged 
the industry, so what are the aspirations there and when we think the 
growth pickup in the retail will be? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
As I was mentioning, even when I was talking earlier in the call, we 
also would have preferred growing faster. If you see our growth in Q1 
was quite higher than the industry, but we have taken certain calls on 
the sum insured as well as the nature of new business that we want 
to procure. These are very finite definite calls. We are very much on 
track in terms of what we want to achieve. The new business side of 
this call has grown by almost 25% as a Company. So if you ask me, 
where will we see a real growth coming in this since these changes 
have been done over Q1 and Q2, you will see this playing out very 
clearly over next financial year and what we have spoken with the 
market and probably three quarters back in terms of the growth, at 
that point, these calibrations that we have done because we felt 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 22 
health as a portfolio which comes with lifetime renewability requires 
real time caliberation. So, we chose to take that call at this point of 
time. So, that the long-term value creation that we want for the 
organization does not get compromised, but you will see our 
convergence as a team, not only in terms of growth, but also product 
launches, which, if you ask us, on a score of 10 on product, our 
solution stack that we want to create on the health side, we would 
probably be 6.5 and there about over 10 as a score. So, we have that 
distance to be covered and that also will get done in the next couple 
of quarters. So, we are very positive, and we do see good value 
creation coming from the next financial year onwards. 
Nidhesh Jain: 
Secondly, the motor side sir, our profitability has improved quite well 
and our loss ratios are tracking one of the best that we have seen, 
so why don't we push the pedal on the growth and start focusing on 
market share gains in that segment given the profitability is quite 
good for us? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
I think that you have only answered the question in terms of where 
we stayed focused and we had some loss of market share, but we 
decided to stick the course and that is what we are doing. At this point 
of time some of the other partners who were being aggressive also 
pulled down. So, it is a combination of we sticking to the course and 
as I was also stating that December was the first month in which we 
have seen relatively better market share. In our mind, we do believe 
that quarter 4 should hold good for us as a team. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Avinash Singh from 
Emkay Global. Please go ahead. 
Avinash Singh: 
Couple of questions, the first one on commercial line, i.e. fire, marine, 
engineering, if I look on a 9-month basis the movement Y-o-Y in 
claims ratio is material now, in terms of NATCAT it would have played 
out maybe a bit higher this year, but not material, so now this 
question is that is this sort of a claims ratio increase in the commercial 
lines an outcome of any pricing deterioration at the industrial level or 
is it largely due to the reinsurance price hike that industry has seen, 
so I mean some color on what is driving this commercial line loss 
ratio increase and if the factors, that I just mentioned, the pricing 
deterioration or reinsurance price hike if they are largely done this 
year and should improve going forward next year? That is one, 
second again going on health, overall growth is reasonably good, 
growth is of course led by the pricing as well as some kind of volume 
growth, yet the claims ratio at the aggregate level of course, if you go 
segment by segment, there could be some difference, but at an 
aggregate level, claims ratio is still inching up, now is this an outcome 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 22 
of just the claims inflation or claims frequency is reflecting some kind 
of increase year-on-year? 
Gopal Balachandran:  So, Avinash, on the first one on the commercial lines, pretty much in 
line with what you mentioned, which is primarily whatever you see as 
change in the loss ratios whether it is for fire, engineering or some of 
the key commercial lines, the last part of the change in the loss 
experience is predominantly driven by the impact that we have seen 
on account of flood events and this year unfortunately if you would 
have seen, which is what we put out also as a part of the opening 
transcript, the aggregate impact that we have seen on account of 
various catastrophic events last year was about ₹ 28 Cr. This year, if 
you look at 9 months, we are already that number is about ₹ 137 Cr. 
A large part of it is of course, some of the commercial lines, but 
maybe the recent Chennai floods I would also say, we have also got 
a reasonably large number of claims that is coming on the retail side, 
which is more on the motor side of the business as well. But to stay 
within the commercial lines, the large part of the loss ratio change is 
predominantly driven by the impact that we have seen on account of 
the various flood events that we have seen and not because of any 
other reason. In fact, the overall growth in the commercial lines, 
particularly on fire has pretty much played out in line with what we 
have been speaking even in the earlier quarters, as if to say that the 
price drop consequent to the removal of the IIB rates has been 
broadly in that range of 5% to 7% and which was largely offset I would 
say by the increase in the reinsurance rates that we had seen at the 
time of negotiating the program at the beginning of the year. So, 
hence the growth for the overall market has been largely muted in 
line with what we spoke even during the April call.  
What will happen in the next year's reinsurance renewal program, 
maybe we will be able to come back with a much better insight when 
we announce numbers on a full year basis in April because that is 
the time when we would have largely concluded the reinsurance 
placements, but otherwise on so far as the attritional losses are 
concerned, there is nothing other than, let us say, some of the impact 
on catastrophic losses related numbers.  
To your second point on the health loss ratio, it is pretty much which 
is why in response to one of the earlier questions that I had come 
through is where we had kind of put out the breakdown of the loss 
ratios. So, in that sense there, if you clearly see, the loss ratios are 
pretty much in line with the range that we are comfortable which is 
just to kind of reiterate group health loss ratios we have generally 
spoken about it being in the range of 94-95% that is the number at 
which we have ended even the current 9 month numbers. Retail 
health indemnity, the range that we have spoken about has been 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 22 
between 65% to 70%. If you have looked at the 9 month numbers, 
again that is pretty much in line with the range that we have spoken 
about. Of course, we do see inflation and let us say possibly at times 
increase in claim frequency, particularly, let us say, during Q2 largely 
driven by monsoons and other related seasonality, but that is 
something again like what I mentioned on motor where we actively 
engage in kind of driving the PPN initiatives on the motor side for 
example, we would obviously want to drive a large part of the motor 
accidents to a preferred network of garages. The same thought 
process is what we have even on the health side, which is to kind of, 
we have a separate network management team, which significantly 
looks at focusing on driving a lot more traffic to a preferred network 
of hospitals, where we are not only able to guarantee so far as the 
policyholders are concerned, quality of care which is very important 
for us and more importantly, an outcome which is, let us say, a 
possible reduction in the average claim side and thereby which is 
how we are able to kind of manage the possible change that we see 
on inflation/frequency, but on an overall basis, we are comfortable at 
the range at with the loss experiences playing out. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Supratim Datta from 
Ambit Capital. Please go ahead. 
Supratim Datta: 
My first question is on the new strategy of ‘One IL One Team’, so 
could you help me understand what would be the impact on the 
topline from the strategy and would this also have a cost impact in 
the form of cost savings that is my first question? My second question 
is on the reinsurance, so globally if we see the reinsurance rates, this 
year at 1st Jan has gone up somewhere between 30 -50%, what are 
we expecting here in India given CY23, number of NATCA T events, 
which were higher than what we had seen in CY22, so that is my 
second question? And lastly, I would just like to understand, currently 
that now that the growth has returned on the motor side, what is the 
market share that you have now within the private car segment or the 
two-wheeler segment and the commercial vehicle segment if you 
could help me with that? 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, on the ‘One IL One Team’ part in terms of the topline as well as 
the cost it will get embedded as Gopal said in the combined ratio and 
what we are able to deliver as a team, we have taken certain 
initiations in terms of what we have done structurally. It will be early 
days for us to quantify anything of that to the market. You will see 
that getting exhibited in time to come. We believe that we rather do it 
than announce that this is what we believe will get transpired. But 
clearly what I can assure you is we do believe there is a kicker 
available on the topline as well as bottomline on account of what we 
are pursuing as a team. So, that is where it is. On the reinsurance 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 22 
part, I will ask Gopal to just give an update. We don't expect the 
premiums to go up significantly (whenever we do have a guideline) 
maybe say 5 to 7-7.5% and there about is what we expect to come 
in, but it will all get clearly called out in specific over Q4. 
Gopal Balachandran:  Supratim, as I said, we are in the midst of the negotiations, in so far 
as renewing the reinsurance program is concerned and as I 
mentioned, we will be able to give you a much better insight when we 
announced numbers for the April call, is when we would have 
switched in the reinsurance program and the rates for the next year, 
but the initial indication seems unlike last year where we had seen a 
significant increase in the cost of reinsurance for protecting the net 
retention or let us say the XOL cost that we are seeing for protecting 
catastrophic event related losses, our sense is obviously the hike 
may not be as much as what we had seen last year. Exact numbers 
as I said, we will be able to come back and give you much better 
clarity when we announce numbers in April, that is on the reinsurance 
side.  
To your point on market share within, the new market share for 
private car and two-wheelers, private car, we have a market share of 
roughly about 12% around that range and on two-wheelers, the new 
market share has been currently in the range of about 22%. This, of 
course is slightly lower than what we would have normally had. I 
mean, in the past, maybe our market share on the private car side 
would have been higher by almost about 3-4% and even on two-
wheeler, almost at a similar level. I mean would have been, we have 
always been saying that on new two-wheelers, one in four two-
wheeler sales is the policy of ICICI Lombard. So, this is pretty much 
in line with what we have seen over the last two years where we have 
lost some market share. But as Sanjeev indicated, the momentum 
for us as we speak looks to be very strong and positive and which is 
why, if you look at some of the Q3 or month of December numbers, 
the headstart that we are getting into in Q4 and thereafter seems to 
be very positive for us and that is what we are very optimistic and 
hence even in the earlier earnings call, if you recollect what we had 
said was, motor we should see on an aggregate basis growth coming 
back in line with the market. The early trend seems to indicate that in 
fact for the month of December, just to reiterate, we have actually 
had an outperformance relative to the industry growth of 8.8%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, we will now 
take the last question from the line of Ashish Sharma from ENAM 
Asset Management Company. Please go ahead. 
Ashish Sharma: 
Just one question on the combined ratio, given that we are trending 
better in terms of improvement in combined ratio, so as you 

 
 
 ICICI Lombard General Insurance Co. Ltd. January 16, 2024 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 22 
mentioned that we will take another quarter, so before you would 
want to change the guidance, but just wondering now, is there a 
possibility now that the business can operate at combined ratio of 
100% or below?  
Sanjeev Mantri: 
So, fair question Ashish from your perspective, but as things stand, 
once we will discuss this fairly by next quarter as to where we are 
seeing because we still want the overall trend coming out in the 
consolidated, but we don't want to jump the gun while the early signs 
do look better for us, but this sort of opportunity that we have as a 
Company, we will continue to invest. So, I would be very honest we 
can be where we are and the industry combined overall, it is still 
112%. So, there are structural changes. My firm belief is which I can 
share with you, we would love to see industry itself improving in a 
significant way because today where industry is, we are able to 
perform well, if the whole industry improves structurally, I don't see 
any reason why ICICI Lombard can’t drive far better benefit out of it. 
So, we are operating both at industry level as well as the Company 
level to make an impact, but for a Company like us, every opportunity 
which I have said in the opening remarks again is significant, so we 
would definitely use some percentage of what comes our way to 
reinvest to ensure that we are future ready in terms of the opportunity 
that comes. Would not jump the gun to call out and say 100 is what 
it is, it will be a mix of things, health will continue to seek more 
investment from us because we have reasonable competition as well 
as opportunities being made available to us. And similarly on the 
digital space, we will continue to do what is required to harness our 
own vision of where we want to be. So, with all that in mind, I don't 
want to close out things as is and what it would be, but let us discuss 
this when we are there on April in the call. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to paucity of time, that would be the last 
question for today. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sanjeev 
Mantri for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Sanjeev Mantri: 
Thanks so much. I think the call has gone beyond the distance, but I 
absolutely enjoyed interacting with each one of you and look forward 
to catching up with each one of you in time to come. We stay positive 
and we do believe that we have a great set of colleagues operating 
in this segment with very extensive experience and we would 
definitely do what is required to add further value to the Company in 
terms of the industry, which gives us tremendous opportunity. Thank 
you so much and have a great 2024 and see you soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company 
Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you all for joining us. 
You may now disconnect your lines. 
