IIL:SEC:SE:INTM:24:16 
Date: 17th February, 2024 
Corporate Relations Department 
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers  
Dalal Street, Fort  
Mumbai – 400 001 
The Manager Listing Department  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd 
Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra – Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E),  
Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 544046 
Symbol: INOXINDIA 
Subject: Transcript of Conference Call with the Investors / Analysts. 
The Company had organized a conference call with the Investors/Analysts on Tuesday, 13th 
February, 2024. A copy of Transcript of conference call held with the Investors/Analysts is enclosed 
herewith 
and 
the 
same 
is 
also 
being 
uploaded 
on 
the 
Company’s 
website 
at: 
https://inoxcva.com/pdf/Transcript-of-Conference-call-with-Analyst-or-Investors-on-13-02-
2024.pdf 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Yours faithfully, 
For INOX India Limited 
Kamlesh Shinde 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
KAMLESH 
MANSINGR
AO SHINDE
Digitally signed by KAMLESH MANSINGRAO SHINDE 
DN: c=IN, st=Gujarat, 
2.5.4.20=e8c20d779935a79a3b78820b4a5480b612dc1
7f7b04307c2521c9a09c75cf3ba, postalCode=390001, 
street=B 304 SUN COMPLEX R V DESAI ROAD OPP 
BANK OF BARODA Vadodara, 
pseudonym=e02e7df3d6d19fe44a56e493fa2ac81b, 
serialNumber=3981ee6270bd9a859313f03bbf7d6e2f1
e466d70c7d0f0177e4fd2612167d795, o=Personal, 
cn=KAMLESH MANSINGRAO SHINDE 
Date: 2024.02.17 22:49:21 +05'30'

 
Page 1 of 18 
 
 
  
 
“INOX India Limited 
Q3 and 9M FY 24 Results Conference Call” 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. SIDDHARTH JAIN – DIRECTOR – INOX INDIA 
LIMITED 
 
MR. PARAG KULKARNI – ED– INOX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. DEEPAK ACHARYA – CEO – INOX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. PAVAN LOGAR – CFO – INOX INDIA LIMITED 
 
MR. SUNIL LAVATI – IRO – INOX INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. MOHIT KUMAR – ICICI SECURITIES 
 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the INOX India Results Conference call hosted 
by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode. There 
will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 18 
 
 
Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal the operator by pressing star 
and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now 
hand the conference over to Mr. Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Thank you and over to 
you, sir. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Thanks, Dorwin. On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to the Q3 FY24, earnings 
conference call of INOX India. To discuss the results today, we have with us Mr. Siddharth Jain, 
Director, Mr. Parag Kulkarni, Executive Director, Mr. Deepak Acharya, Chief Executive 
Officer, Mr. Pavan Logar, CFO, Mr. Sunil Lavati, Investor Relations Officer. We will start with 
a brief opening remarks followed by Q&A. Prior to that, I'll hand over to Krishna for a 
disclaimer. 
Krishna: 
Thank you, Mohit, and good evening, everyone. 
I am pleased to welcome you all to INOX India Limited’s result conference call to discuss Q3 
& 9MFY24 financial results.  
Please note, a copy of the disclosures is available in the Investors section of the website as well 
as on the stock exchange. Anything said on this call, which reflects the outlook for the future, or 
which could be construed as a forward-looking statement must be reviewed in conjunction with 
the risks that the company faces.  
Now I shall hand over the call to Mr. Deepak Acharya, CEO for his opening remarks. Over to 
you, sir. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you, Mohit Kumar & Krishna. I am Deepak Acharya from INOXCVA. Good evening, 
everyone and hearty welcome to all our investors and analysts on the first result conference call 
of INOX India Limited post the listing. As you must be aware that we recently got listed on the 
Stock Exchange on 21 December 2023 and this is our first quarterly results post listing. Thank 
you for taking the time out and participating in our result conference call. The unaudited 
financial result as well the investor presentation for Q3 & 9MFY24 have been uploaded on the 
stock exchange; hope you have had a chance to review the same.  
For the benefit of all who are listening to us for the first time, I would like to brief and 
share the key highlights of our business: 
INOXCVA has over 30 years of experience in design, manufacturing, installation of cryogenic 
equipment across the globe, making us the world's leading provider of customized cryogenic 
equipments today. Our business divisions include Industrial Gas, LNG and Cryo Scientific 
Division and are working continuously towards Clean Energy initiatives in LNG, Liquid 
Hydrogen & Fusion Energy. Over the years the company has developed engineering expertise 
coupled with quality product offering and our unwavering customer service that has helped 
INOXCVA make its brand value in this space. The company executes large turnkey projects and 
manufactures specialised non-cryogenic equipment also.  

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 18 
 
The company has Large-scale serial manufacturing facilities at four locations in India and part 
manufacturing and service distribution from one location at Brazil with service distribution 
extending to the Netherlands. Very recently the company undertook greenfield capacity addition 
and set-up its fourth manufacturing facility at Savli, Gujarat at a project cost of Rs.100 crore 
funded entirely through internal accruals. To optimize operations, the company has continually 
undertaken capex to support growing demand, foray into newer application areas & strengthen 
the design function.  
Over the years, the company has delivered its products and services to over 100 countries, key 
geographies being US, Europe, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Korea, UAE, Australia to name a few. 
During 9MFY24, the company recorded highest ever export revenue of Rs. 501 Cr, up by 75% 
YoY.  
Supported by buoyant market situation worldwide for our existing products used in Industrial 
Gases, LNG, Hydrogen and evolving new other applications, we have a robust order backlog of 
Rs. 1,043 crore as on 9MFY24 with 50% orders from Industrial Gas, 23% orders from LNG and 
balance 27% orders from Cryo Scientific Division. Export order comprised of 47% of the order 
backlog. We have actively participated in various public sector tenders which are at different 
stages of awarding. In addition, we are engaged in discussion with numerous private customers, 
for building LNG infrastructure.   
Let me briefly take up each of our business divisions separately: 
Industrial Gas (IG) registered quarterly Q3FY24 revenue of ₹ 214 crore and nine-month 
revenue of ₹571 crore, contributing ~65% of the total income. Under this division, we 
manufacture Cryogenic tanks and systems for storage, transportation of industrial gases such as 
Oxygen, Nitrogen, Argon, Hydrogen, CO2, etc. The various products manufactured under this 
segment are Storage tanks, Transport tanks Microbulk Units, Vaporizers, Cryo Bio tanks, 
Storage & regasification equipment, etc.  
Over the years, INOXCVA has continually moved up the value chain by developing expertise 
in designing and manufacturing cryogenic equipment from 1 litre up to 1 Mn litres.  
LNG division registered quarterly Q3FY24 revenue of ₹ 73 crore and nine-month revenue of ₹ 
247 crore, contributing ~29% of the total income. Under this division, we manufacture standard, 
engineered equipment for LNG storage, distribution, and transportation. The various products 
manufactured under this segment are Storage & regas system for Industrial applications, Marine 
fuel gas systems, LCNG fuel stations, Vehicle mounted LNG fuel tanks, LNG infrastructure for 
automotive applications, Mini LNG infrastructure, etc. Certain marque projects executed by the 
company are Installation of mini-LNG terminal, in Scotland, UK in 2019 as well as 
Commissioning of LNG dispensing station in Dahej.  
Cryo Scientific (CSD) registered quarterly Q3FY24 revenue of ₹ 6 crore and nine-month 
revenue of ₹ 37 crore, contributing ~4% of the revenue. Under this segment, we manufacture 
equipment for technology intensive applications and turnkey solutions for scientific and 
industrial research involving cryogenic distribution, including equipment for Fusion research. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 18 
 
The various products manufactured under this segment are Satellite and launch facilities, 
Cryogenic propulsion system and research, MRI Cryostat, Fusion and superconductivity, etc. 
Certain niche projects undertaken by the company are manufactured and delivered an MRI 
cryostat for a GOI project. The company was awarded the contract for development of Cryogenic 
equipment's for second launch pad project of ISRO in the year 1999. In 2018, the company 
manufactured, installed and commissioned COMNAVAC thermal vacuum system for ISRO, 
Ahmedabad. We also are proud contributors to the world’s largest fusion research project by 
providing critical equipment i.e. 4km long complex jacketed piping to maintain ultra cold 
superconducting magnets operational under all conditions to ITER project in France, Europe.  
Let me share in brief on the overall financial performance of the company:  
• I am pleased to inform you that the company recorded its highest ever revenue and EBIDTA 
of Rs. 875 crore and Rs.217 crore during 9MFY24. The major reason for the increase is the 
robust performance by all our major business segments. Historically, on an annualized basis, the 
revenue of the company has been growing at a CAGR of 27% over the previous two years.  
• EBITDA and PAT margins during the nine months are at 25% and 17% respectively that 
reflects our highly specialized, customized engineering solutions and favourable product mix. 
• I am happy to share that we have been a dividend paying company for the last few years.  
• On the capex side, we have spent a total of Rs.103 crores over last 3 years upto FY23 which 
has been met through our internal accruals only.  
• Due to high cash flow generation over the years, we are a debt free, net cash surplus company 
having cash and cash equivalent available as on 31 December 2023 of nearly Rs. 235 crores.  
• Last bit on the financials, I would like to highlight that we are also proud to have best in class 
return ratios with return on capital employed of 37% and return on equity of 28% as on FY23. 
Let me now share certain key recent business developments:  
• Adani Total Gas and INOXCVA has entered into mutual support agreement under which the 
entities mutually accord a “preferred partner” status for the delivery of LNG and LCNG 
equipment and services for identifying and exploring possible collaboration opportunities for 
strengthening the LNG ecosystem in India. This collaboration with INOXCVA shall help Adani 
Total Gas in undergoing phased transition of long-haul heavy-duty vehicles, buses currently 
using HSD/diesel to LNG helping over 30% reduction in CO2 and GHG emissions. Also, will 
help facilitate fast track setting up of LNG stations across the country for boosting the confidence 
of fleet operators to embrace LNG as a transportation fuel. 
• Very recently, we signed an MOU with Inter-University Accelerator Centre (IUAC), an 
Autonomous institute under the University Grants Commission (UGC), Ministry of Education 
(MoE), Government of India towards collaboration for the development of technology for the 
design and manufacture of Super-Conducting Magnet based System for clinical, industrial, 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 18 
 
defence and research applications. The synergy is to make India one of the global players in 
manufacturing of superconducting Magnet-based Systems including next generation MRI 
magnets. The technology can now be indigenously developed, and such complex systems can 
be manufactured in India.  
• Recently we also got following three patent registered: -  
1. LNG Dispensing System 
2. Invention on Sliding Spacer in the Cryogenic piping 
3 .Displacement Decoupling Arrangement for double walled Cryogenic Piping        
Systems 
These patents shall strengthen our leadership in Cryogenic Industry and differentiate our 
products for superior performance. 
Cryogenic Landscape 
• The world is talking about Hydrogen as the cleanest fuel, and we forayed into this segment 
since 1999. We are the first Indian company to manufacture trailer mounted Hydrogen transport 
tank, designed jointly with ISRO. We offer complete solutions for Hydrogen storage, transport 
and fueling infrastructure. With the proposed launch of National Hydrogen Mission, we 
anticipate good traction in this segment and we happy to share that we are well placed to optimize 
the huge opportunity in this space. 
• Going forward, we anticipate high demand for cryogenic gases from the metallurgy sector, oil 
& gas, chemical industry’s decarbonization, electronics, healthcare, space and satellite. In 
addition, shift towards cleaner fuel sources such as LNG and Hydrogen in industrials and 
transport will provide boost to our products. For LNG, we expect strong demand from Asian 
countries like India, South Korea and other Asian countries which are increasingly transitioning 
from energy sources such as coal, crude oil to nuclear and gas. At INOXCVA, our focus is on 
users in the remote islands as well as industrial consumers with no access to natural gas pipelines, 
etc.  
Lastly, I would like to acknowledge and be thankful to all our stakeholders who are associated 
with INOXCVA and above all, our employees. I am greatly thankful to the INOXCVA team for 
delivering resilient work and striving for excellence over the years.  
This concludes my planned remarks and now I would like to handover the call to Mr. Pavan 
Logar to take us through the financial highlights before we open the floor for Q & A. 
Pavan Logar: 
Thank you, Deepak Sir and good evening, everyone. A warm welcome on our first result 
conference call. I shall summarize the consolidated financial highlights for the quarter and nine 
month ending 31st December 2023: 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 18 
 
• During the quarter, Total Income was at ₹ 295 crore, a growth of 18% from ₹ 250 crore in 
Q3FY23.  
• During the quarter, EBIDTA was at ₹ 71 crore, a growth of 23% from ₹ 58 crore in Q3FY23.  
• EBIDTA margin was at 24.2% as compared to 23.3% in Q3FY23. The improvement in 
profitability is on account of pricing time to time and order to order normally it ranges between 
21% ~ 24%.  
• During the quarter, PAT was at ₹ 49 crore, a growth of 19% from ₹ 41 crore in Q3FY23.  
• During 9MFY24, the company recorded a highest ever total income of ₹ 875 crore, a growth 
of 18% from ₹ 744 crore in 9MFY23.  
• During 9MFY24, the company recorded highest ever EBIDTA of ₹ 217 crore, a growth of 22% 
from ₹ 178 crore in 9MFY23. EBIDTA margin was at 24.8% as compared to 23.9% in 9MFY23. 
• During 9MFY24, the company recorded highest export revenue of ₹ 501 crore, up by 75% 
YoY and comprising 57% of the total income. The company has a customer base spanning over 
more than 100+ countries and key geographies include US, Europe, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, Korea, 
UAE, Australia and Bangladesh.  
• Order Backlog as on 31 December 2023 is to the tune of Rs.1,043 crore. Exports comprising 
47% of the total order backlog. 
• The total debt as on FY23 is Nil providing adequate room to raise debt in future. Total Networth 
as on FY23 is Rs.549 crore.  
• The company has comfortable net cash position at ₹ 235 Cr as on Dec’23 end. 
• In June 2023, CRISIL Ratings has upgraded our bank loan ratings from CRISIL A+/Positive 
to CRISIL AA-/Stable and short-term bank facilities at CRISIL A1+.  
That concludes my update on the financial highlights of the company. I shall now request the 
moderator to open the floor for questions and answers session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from the 
line of Ankur from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Good evening, sir. Thanks for your time as always. Just a few questions. One was, there were 
very strong order inflow growth that we see during the quarter. I think almost 80% growth. If 
you could just help us, Is there was a large energy order also in place or where are we getting 
these orders, like you said, industrial gases, which segments, which markets, if you could just 
help us? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
So, Ankur, I think you mentioned about the 80% increase. What we were talking about is the 
last quarter, we have received substantial orders in all the sectors. We have received the orders 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 18 
 
from the industrial gas sector, LNG sector, as well as cryoscientific sector. If you see the 
situation one quarter before, we had a pending order of almost about Rs. 1,037 crores level and 
the sale, which has happened in the quarter, is almost the same level as we have received the 
orders. So, the orders that we have have come from major projects which are coming out of the 
industrial gas, as well as the projects that we have now from the cryoscientific things. 
Ankur: 
So, what I'm trying to understand is, is this more of like base orders or is there any large one-off 
orders also in this is what I was actually going on? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
The orders which we keep on getting, this can some of the projects could come on -- some other 
project could come up some other division. But this is kind of a base one which is happening all 
the time. 
. 
Siddharth Jain: 
I just wanted to add that our last quarter was a great quarter. I think approximately Rs. 295 crores 
of fresh orders, which is in line with our expectation and our turnover, out of which about Rs. 
189 crores was, industrial gas and Mr. Acharya can correct the numbers. 
Deepak Acharya: 
It is Rs. 189crores in Industrial Gas and Rs.   52 crores in LNG. And balance in cryoscientific 
and others making it to Rs. 295 crores. 
Ankur: 
Okay, got that. And then clearly you would expect this momentum to continue, right? So I’m 
just trying to understand how are the end markets? Is it more exports? Is it more domestic? If 
more of exports and with geography. So if you could just help us understand and give us a little 
more sense on key end markets, which are driving this kind of growth for you. 
Parag Kulkarni:  
I think the growth is being driven equally by all the three sectors. We see a strong demand 
coming up on the cryoscientific area right now, mainly because of some of the major projects 
which are now coming up on the scientific research area. We also see that there is consistent 
demand which is coming up for LNG. 
 
As you must have heard about the collaboration or the agreement that we have signed with Adani 
Total Gas, that is also opening up new doors and they are having aggressive plans to go ahead 
and further for distribution of natural gas. We are constantly dealing with several institutions 
and the customers where the projects are on the anvil. So I would guess that the trend that we 
have, as far as the past is concerned, we expect that to continue even going forward. 
Ankur: 
Okay. And if you could just remind us, what would be your FY’24 guidance on top line margins, 
if any, if you could help us with that? 
Siddharth Jain: 
We don’t give guidance for the future, but as we said during the IPO time, that we expect our 
past trajectory to continue in the next few years. And as you can see from our current results, I 
think we see that trend continue. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prateek Bhandari from Aart Ventures. Please 
go ahead. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 18 
 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Can you tell me what was your capex for the nine months FY’24 and what you are willing to do 
as a capex for the coming quarter and also the capex for the upcoming financial year, that is 
financial year ’25? 
Management: 
Actually, for nine months, we already incurred about Rs.90 crores  And in the next quarter, we 
will incur around Rs.25 crores more. And this is mainly because of this Savli project, which we 
already shown in our IPO also..Now, the production already started for this Savli. And from next 
year onwards, around Rs.40 to Rs.50 crores will be there. And around Rs.15 to Rs.20 crores will 
be for maintenance capex every year. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
Okay. 8an you throw some color on the margins that you are willing to maintain for the coming 
financial year? Will they be in the same lines or we can see any improvement? And if there is 
going to be any improvement from which business vertical you are seeing the same? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Normally, we will maintain our margins in a similar way. However, few basic points here and 
there in the different divisions will depend upon the type of the order and the specialized 
equipment’s we have to supply. But normally, it will be almost similar. 
Prateek Bhandari: 
All right. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prachir Jain from Sri Kalyan Holdings. Please 
go ahead. 
Prachir Jain: 
Congratulations on the robust performance of your company. I would just like to ask you, like 
the collaboration of the company with Adani Total Gas, how much will it contribute to the 
revenue of the company and how long will it take to reflect in the balance sheet and the profit 
and loss of the company? Thank you. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, Adani Total is a preferred partnership. We have signed a MOU with them and they have 
very major plans for LNG as a vertical for them. And in coming two to three years, they will be 
expanding heavily, especially on the fueling station, LCNG station, satellite station and maybe 
the convergence of their mining and cement trucks to LNG as a fuel. So, though the numbers 
are not clear to us as on today, but they expect a substantial addition into the LNG business on 
this. 
Prachir Jain: 
And this is a long-term contract? 
Deepak Acharya: 
It’s a long-term contract. At least, we have like five years contract with them and if required, 
then it can be extended. 
Siddharth Jain: 
Prachir, you see Adani Total Gas is building out this LNG infrastructure, it requires –to 
collaborate with each other on an engineering basis as well, design, engineering, planning. So 
we’re going to work with them to help them design the equipment that they need to fulfill their 
needs. So, numbers is one part. This is not just about a commodity supply. It’s about system 
supply. So,that’s the difference. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 18 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI Securities. 
question. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Hello. Yes. So, thanks, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. So, we were also participating in PSU 
tenders for CNG station. So, can you throw some light on that as to how many tenders we have 
participated? Are we L1 in some of the tenders and how do you see the prospects of them going 
forward? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So, we have been participating in the several tenders so far. And for LCNG, we have been with 
Gujarat Gas, Torrent Gas, Indiraprastha, IRM, HPCL, BPCL. So, almost all these places, we 
have received the orders. And many projects like GAIL and other things, they are under the 
bidding stage. And we hope that with whatever the track record we are having, we will certainly 
get orders from these PSUs. Even we have supplied a lot of critical equipment’s to IOCL for 
their 26 LNG fueling station projects. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Right. And, sir, when you participate in these PSU tenders, how is the competitive intensity? 
Can you just name a few, some of your competitors who are always present in this bidding? 
Deepak Acharya: 
So, we have like, our major competitors is the Chart VRV in Chennai. And there are some local 
other manufacturers who also bid. But whatever we have seen in the past, our rates are very 
competitive. And our product has a very good acceptability in the market. And with the very 
critical specifications they are putting in the RFQ, we get the leading hand on all such. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay. And, sir, are we also willing to participate in LNG fueling stations? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, We are participating in LNG fueling stations in a big way. And we have already 
commissioned HPCL and BPCL projects. And so many other projects are in hand now. We have 
got a few stations from Adani Total Gas as well. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, going forward –is it fair to assume that our share of domestic sales will be higher as compared 
to exports? 
Deepak Acharya: 
No, it is almost like 50%-50%. Maybe sometimes 48%-52% like that. But it is normally, last 
few quarters, it is 50%-50%. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood. And just a last question, sir. Our order book is almost 1x of our FY23 revenue. So, 
what exactly is the execution cycle of this order book? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Normally, we have two types of  products. One is standard products and another is custom-built 
products. The cycle time for manufacturing of standard products is roughly three-four months. 
Whereas the big projects, it ranges from 8 months to 12 months. This is the time period where 
we normally finish such projects. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, within one year, we execute the entire order book? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Within one year, yes. From the scratch to completion. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 18 
 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Understood. And, sir, on this agreement with Adani Total, you mentioned on the call that we are 
at the stage of designing and basically doing all the ground, designing work as of now. So, when 
should we start the actual order booking from this agreement? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Already, we have started the order booking. The three earlier stations, what they were having, 
so we have helped them in starting those stations because they were having some issues with the 
station which was delivered by some other companies. And we recently, last week only, we 
received five fueling stations from them. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Five fueling stations. Okay, sir. That's all from us. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kadam from Canara Robeco Mutual 
Fund. Please go ahead. 
Amit Kadam: 
Hi, good evening, sir. I just wanted some clarity on the numbers, how it is like from a seasonality 
or fluctuation point of view. Just one observation was like in the top line, the revenue part, the 
domestic revenues is pretty much flat YoY, whereas the large part of the growth was contributed 
by the export, where Rs.99 crores export is more to Rs.145-odd crores. 
 
Just wanted to understand what are the things that happened during that particular order or this 
thing which leads to like a domestic, even though there is what you commented is that there is a 
traction in the domestic market also, but then YoY, why is it flat? And what is leading to this 
significant jump in that export of like a more than 50%-odd? So that's the first question from my 
end. 
Deepak Acharya: 
So basically on industrial gas business is a very standard business. So the growth looks little 
flatter, but definitely we are not losing any orders and we are very confident that we will get 
orders in future as well. And on the export front, we have major like LNG and cryo-scientific 
orders and these are from various European companies and research institutes from Europe. And 
that is why we are saying that our export will be almost 50% what we have achieved so far and 
we will continue in the same fashion. 
Amit Kadam: 
But in that case, just adjusting for that particular raw material inflation, which would have 
impacted our top line movement, but like as you are saying that we are getting a good traction 
in the LNG fuel station installation, this means OMCs are getting little, got little aggressive in 
setting that. Then what has, like just wanted to understand more with more clarity that what 
would have gone out and what would have incrementally come in this particular revenue  
Siddharth Jain: 
Acharya ji, let me take this. You have to view our revenue not on a quarterly basis between 
domestic and export, because every quarter, in some quarters exports are more in domestic less 
and vice versa. It has to be seen on an annual basis. 
Amit Kadam: 
Sir, annual basis, I'm just… 
Management: 
Annual basis, our guidelines are split between domestic and export right now is looking like 
half-half on an annual basis. Does that answer your question or it doesn't? 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 18 
 
Amit Kadam: 
It doesn't, sir, because last year, quarter three, your domestic revenue is Rs.145 crores… 
Management: 
No, no, I am saying you can't compareYoY, QoQcannot be compared. You have to compare 
annual. Annual means 12 months. Annual does not mean three months on three months. That 
cannot be compared in an industry like ours, where some months you will have domestic sale 
more, some months you will have export sale more. You have to see the 12-months cumulative 
number, because 50% of our revenue is non-standard times project-based. 
 
It depends on revenue recognition methodologies because of Ind AS, there are many factors 
involved. So you cannot compare Q3 versus Q3, FY24 versus FY23 and look into the export 
domestic split in that. 
Amit Kadam: 
Fine. Point taken. 
Management: 
The guidance is on an annual 12-month cumulative basis, half-half. 
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. Just to extend this thing, then if we want to take a little more idea on how we are going 
ahead or going for that annual number, what would be the correct way of understanding our 
growth trajectory? Because annual could be a little longer time to get a clear sense of how we 
fare by the year-end. But if you want to track in a better way, in some piecemeal level, then what 
would be the correct way of seeing that we are on the correct trajectory? 
Siddhath Jain: 
In EPC, when you are doing businesses like ours where 50% of our revenue comes from projects 
which take 8-12 months and 50% of our revenue comes from standard times, it is very difficult 
to track piecemeal when the delivery of our product takes more than a quarter. 
Amit Kadam: 
And what would be the strongest quarter for us, sir? 
Management: 
There is no strongest quarter. We are not a seasonal business. 
Amit Kadam: 
Okay. So deliveries can happen all through the year based on how the orders are shipped? 
Management: 
Absolutely. Deliveries do happen. I mean, for example, this past quarter, we did Rs.295 crores 
of sales and our nine-month revenue was also Rs. 875 crores so it is pro-data as you can see. 
Amit Kadam: 
Got it, sir. And just final question is, just wanted to get some update on the LNG fuel tanks as 
such which we were planning for the commercial vehicles, heavy commercial vehicles, where 
we are in terms of how the OEMs are looking forward? We had got some initial traction in terms 
of qualification. Where we stand right now? 
Siddharth Jain: 
Yes. So, you know, I think this is a really futuristic segment and we are really fortunate that we 
were the first movers in this in India where we have invested in the line ahead of schedule.We 
have designed world-class products and we have got approval of our products from all the OEMs 
as well. We are definitely seeing a lot of traction on it. In order for the OEMs to buy the tanks, 
they also need the fuel stations in place and those fuel stations are coming up as well. So, you 
know, our deliveries are continuing and we are certainly seeing over the next 12 to 24 months a 
much larger uptake in this line. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 18 
 
Deepak Acharya: 
I would like to add that besides OEMs, there is a lot of convergence also happening. Old trucks 
and buses may be converted from diesel to LNG as a fuel along with the engines. So, that much 
is also happening in many places now. So, that will also add to our business. 
Amit Kadam: 
So, if there are some further questions, I will join back in the queue and I will come back later. 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Pritesh Chheda from Lucky Investment 
Managers. Please go ahead. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
I didn't understand what exactly we will do in the truck side. Basically, we will give them the 
tanks or we will have a whole kit around it? 
Deepak Acharya: 
We will give the fuel tanks  to  kit suppliers   with whom we associated  . So, together it will be 
fitted into the truck and basically our supply will be mainly the fuel tank 
Siddharth Jain: 
I want to clarify. There are two different parts. For the fresh OEM, we are OEM suppliers of the 
tank itself. Just for the sake of an example, let's call it Tata. And if they are making a truck, it 
will be a brand new gas engine based truck where we will be supplying the tank. But in the case 
of a conversion, it requires a kit supplier as well. So, just two different verticals.. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. 
Parag Kulkarni: 
As I said, that when we say of the LNG tank, it comes along with its conversion to the 
regasification. So, directly the gas is regasified and delivered to the engine. So, the entire system 
which is consisting of the storage tank as well as regasification is packaged together. And that 
is the package which we will give whether it is for a new build or for conversion. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
Okay. And is it fair to assume that today the LNG business which is 20% of your business is 
largely coming from outside India? The India part of the business and the ordering will now 
start? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
It is both because you see in India also there is the city gas distribution system which has 
happened. The part of the trucks getting converted or heavy duty trucks getting converted to 
LNG is the one which is happening now. But there is also the industrial requirement where 
people who are not on the pipeline, they get the fuel in the LNG form, that means in the liquid 
form. 
 
And then they have their own regasification on site. Also, there are city gas distribution 
companies which are not on to the gas pipeline. They have the LCNG stations, which means the 
Liquid CNG station, which are also supplied by us as a cryogenic storage and pumping systems. 
 
So, this part of the business continues. We expect the growth to happen when  the long distance 
trucks get converted and the additional business would come up with the LNG fuel stations as 
well as LNG fuel tanks coming about that. Our export market continues for the tanks and 
regasification systems that we supply to the global market. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 18 
 
 
Marine is a major market that we keep supplying and that is for the conversion of the marine 
fuel from the diesel or any other heavy polluting fuel to the LNG. And we supply the LNG tanks 
as well as the regasification system which comes along with that. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And what is your global market share in LNG and India market share? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
Actually, this business is so niche and it's very complex. So, there is no published data which is 
available. But what we can say is we are among the first couple of companies which are there in 
this operation. So, there are only few companies with whom we compete globally when we talk 
about such regasification systems or the marine applications as such. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And my last question is this Adani partnership, what does it encompass, what kind of equipment 
supply does it lead to? 
Deepak Acharya: 
The total package system like fueling station, LNG station, satellite stations, fuel tanks for the 
trucks and basically to support their initiatives in the LNG sector, training them and providing 
them the technical inputs for their new upcoming projects. This is the entire gamut where we 
will be working with them. 
Pritesh Chheda: 
And when should the ordering to you start? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Ordering has already started, we have recently few stations, fueling stations from them now. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Vinayak from Hiremath, please go ahead. 
Vinayak: 
Good evening sir. Can you give some light on   stainless steel Kegs business? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, we recently started a plant at Savli in 31 acres of land. So, we have put our first three shops 
where we have started manufacturing  stainless steel Kegs. And the capacity of this plant is 
around 1 million but we will be going step-by-step. 
 
So, we have already started manufacturing, the trial production is on and few commercial 
production has also started. We have supplied to Belgium, US and Germany and the order flow 
has started coming in now. 
Vinayak: 
How is it picking up sir? Recently we had some collaboration with Italian manufacturer right 
sir? 
Deepak Acharya: 
That was the initial collaboration for the technology transfer and we are working with them 
continuously on the product development as well as on the manufacturing excellence initiatives. 
So, that is we did on August '23 and it is continued. 
Vinayak: 
So, how are the margins in that business sir? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
I think we have just started the whole project right now. So, it is the initial supplies which are 
going on. Now, we are in the process of making sure that all the lines set up and the line balancing 
is happening. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 18 
 
 
So, this is the early stages. I think we can practically see the operations during next financial 
year. FY25 could give us a clear picture because this year is just the investment which has 
happened and we are training our people and we are just getting the product through in terms of 
the trial productions. 
Vinayak: 
My second question is, there is a lot of overlap between INOX Air Products and INOXCVA 
business right sir? Is there any non-competitive agreement between these two companies? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
I think there is a little misunderstanding. Let me clarify that INOX Air Products is in the business 
of setting up the air separation plants and selling the industrial gases which is liquid oxygen, 
liquid nitrogen. They would need the capital expenditure in the form of storage tanks, 
transportation tanks, customer station tanks and that is the product that we manufacture. 
 
The INOXCVA or the INOX India Limited is the one which is a capital goods manufacturing 
company and which supplies the products to INOX Air Products as well as the competitors of 
INOX Air Products. So we are able to sell, so there is no competition between the two. We have 
a relationship of a buyer and a supplier. 
Vinayak: 
And my third question is, is there any direct benefit from the National Green Hydrogen Mission? 
I mean I could not see any collaborations between green hydrogen producers as of now including 
air products. 
Parag Kulkarni: 
In Green Hydrogen production globally is happening at an early stage where the countries are 
all getting committed to conversion of the fuel to ultimately to hydrogen because that is the least 
polluting or the zero polluting fuel. Now our business is mainly associated with the distribution 
of hydrogen and as the hydrogen generation starts, we are not in the generation of hydrogen but 
we are in the storage and distribution of hydrogen. 
So our business is happening to all those green hydrogen projects which are coming up globally 
and where they need to store large quantities of hydrogen and as we had mentioned during the 
IPO stage also, the world's largest green hydrogen product or liquefaction plant has come up in 
Korea and we have been the supplier of the storage equipment at that particular location. 
 
And similarly we do see there are more opportunities where different projects coming up in the 
world. We are in a position to bid for them and we are able to showcase our references to exploit 
the growing market which will come up. But as everyone knows that this is a long term play, 
the projects will come one-by-one and we hope to have the continuity of this. 
Vinayak: 
Sir, one more. Are we looking for any ITER kind of major projects? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
There are similar projects which are coming up. I think the ITER is one extremely large project 
but I am sure when this project becomes successful or when it comes to the various countries 
will start looking into their own projects. Even India at some stage will think about making some 
demo projects or a demo fusion project. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 18 
 
 
But simultaneously we also have other projects which are called big science projects. For 
example, right now in Germany there is a FAIR project which is coming up and we have already 
started bidding as well as receiving certain orders for the projects. That is a FAIR project and 
we expect similar projects to happen all over the world and in different locations we will bid for 
such kind of mega science projects. 
Vinayak: 
In terms of government projects, if we can compromise on our margins, can we get more projects 
from the government PSUs kind of? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
 Are  you referring to the scientific projects? 
Vinayak: 
Not scientific, sir. General. 
Parag Kulkarni: 
General, we have only two areas which we really work with the government and it's in the LNG 
field and the scientific field. And the third one is of course hospital requirements. The 
government business, as you would know, will always go for a tendering and the tendering 
happens between the selected products. 
Vinayak: 
That's what I was asking. Are we going to compromise margins in order to get more projects 
from the government? Is there any aggressive plan towards it? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
Actually, our intention for bidding at every government tender is to win the tender. And winning 
the tender price is one of the criteria. We have to see that we meet all the specifications and we 
focus our manufacturing cost to be the lowest possible thing. While protecting our margin, we 
would be in a position to win these kinds of businesses. So it's our effort all the time and we do 
win a high percentage of the government orders by our strategy. 
Vinayak: 
Aggressive strategy. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD Consulting. Please 
go ahead. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Congratulations on the very fine performance that you have shown, sir. Actually, I just wanted 
to thoroughly understand things to my level. So, I mean, are we simply mechanical erectors of 
tanks or some technologies are also involved in making this to, you know, making it almost non-
competitive from other small or big workshops? Can you kindly answer me this? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
Yes. So I think what we do is we manufacture these tanks  for storage of liquefied gases which 
are extremely low temperature. That's why we call them cryogenic tanks. Typically, all these 
tanks will store gases like oxygen, nitrogen at a temperature well below minus 150 degrees 
centigrade. At such a low temperature, conventional tankages do not work because the carbon 
steel will not work. Some special materials are required. 
 
So normally, these are all double-walled vessels where the vessel of storage is stainless steel. 
And then we have the outer jacket of carbon steel or stainless steel. And then we have something 
called a super insulation or extremely different kinds of insulation technologies under vacuum. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 16 of 18 
 
 
So this is a technology by itself and it is not a commodity product where anybody can produce 
that. As you could see that globally, we are among the top ten companies in the world who are 
producing such a kind of specialized product. And therefore, the competition is very difficult to 
come in because this is highly engineered, highly, you know, it requires a lot of certification to 
produce. 
 
So there are challenges both in designing the product, manufacturing the product and making it 
very reliable on a large scale. So that keeps the competition away. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you very much, sir. You really explained me to my satisfaction and my understanding. 
Thank you very much for it. I mean, there are, you know, you were talking about automobile 
tanks. That is it. Suppose in a Tata truck, we have to fit in a LNG storage tank. 
 
So, you know, I have heard of Everest, Kanto and Confidence Petro making a lot of cylinder 
type or tanks meant for fitted into automobiles. So are they our nearest competitor in that 
segment or no? Kindly reply. 
Parag Kulkarni: 
Kanto and others will produce the high-pressure cylinders in which you can store natural gas 
and make it CNG. And CNG is the one which is the CNG storage tanks. Now, these are storing 
the natural gas in the gaseous form at room temperature. 
 
As against that, what we do is that we provide those tanks which can be fitted onto the Tata or 
Ashok Leyland or any other truck which is in the liquid form at extremely low temperature. And 
because it is liquid, it is much more denser than the gas that you are putting in the cylinders. So 
what we deliver is a completely different product and is suitable particularly for large quantity 
of fuel to be stored in a truck.  
Deepak Acharya: 
So these fuel tanks are roughly around 450 liters and it goes in one stage around 700 kilometers 
in one fill. So that's the advantage of these fuel tanks. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Right, sir. I'm really thankful. I mean, now I establish that you are one of the prominent niche 
players in this and you have established yourself to be a responsible and reliable supplier of these 
items. Sir, one more question is coming to my mind is about scientific products. When you say 
we make scientific products, means what? 
Parag Kulkarni: 
We do make scientific products because such low temperature science requirements come up 
for a very research application which would let's say for helium distribution which is minus 259 
degrees centigrade.  
Sanjeev Damani: 
So either for making experiments or dwelling or using such critical products under such 
temperature that people would require these kind of products. 
Deepak Acharya: 
So the cryo-scientific, we can say we have supplied so many equipments during the second 
launch pad.  

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 17 of 18 
 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. Sir, my last question is regarding our raw materials. So all our raw materials are 
indigenously available or we have to procure or are we improvising on basic metals that we 
receive and make it usable for our end? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Normally our vessels require the inner vessels of stainless steel austenitic stainless steel and 
outer vessels of carbon steel. Both these materials are available in India but depending on the 
customer requirements if somebody asks for a foreign material so we import the material from 
other countries but there are specific valves control valves and many other equipments which 
are not readily available in India that time we have to import those components. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Okay. So when where we are not supplying tanks you are supplying the other additives for as 
you said that as a kit for converting liquid into gas in operation such other parts are being 
procured by us or do we manufacture certain more parts other than tanks? 
Deepak Acharya: 
For conversion of kits we don't do anything. There are conversion parties who are involved into 
it but we support them from our tank side and the operation side so that we make a success for 
the owners of the tanks. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Please rejoin the queue for follow up questions. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chirag Khasgiwala an investor. Please go ahead. 
Chirag Khasgiwala: 
So as you get 50% of your revenues from export markets and 50% from domestic so globally 
Linde PLC is the market leader along with a few other players so how do you see yourself in 
terms of facing the competitive challenges from the global leaders and in the domestic market? 
Do you see any risk of you know lets say Linde PLC entering into domestic market to its Linde 
India company and how do you plan to face that competition? 
Deepak Acharya: 
Yes, Linde is one of our customers as well. We supply for last more than 10-15 years a series of 
tanks to their customers, even for their projects. What you rightly said they recently started some 
tank manufacturing and the project has just started. I think they will take another 3-5 years to 
produce good number of tanks in their shops. 
Parag Kulkarni: 
May I just supplement what Deepak Acharya mentioned. As I mentioned earlier regarding INOX 
Air Products, Linde is primarily a gas distribution company. Their major focus and business is 
that they are doing globally is to make air separation plants, that is what you see as a major 
revenue. 
 
They always require the cryogenic storage and distribution tanks and bulk of it is procured from 
outside and we are their supplier to them on a global basis to different geographies. They do 
have their own manufacturing of tank in Europe, but it is a high cost, their own manufacturing 
and then utilization they do it. But bulk of their requirement for Linde is actually procured from 
outside. 

     
 
INOX India Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 18 of 18 
 
 
And we are their primary vendor, or one of the critical vendors for that. As we see, even when 
their India operations grow or any other global operations go, they are not our competitors but 
they are more complementary to them and even if they take up any example, let's say there is a 
large project in India, we are the ones who supply the storage tanks and regasification systems. 
Chirag Khasgiwala: 
In terms of commodity price inflation, how do you position yourself? Do you have sufficient 
bargaining power to pass on the commodity price inflation or you might be required to take a hit 
on margins if the commodity price inflation goes out of control? 
Management: 
Normally it is a pass-through. We are in a position to pass these because there are only limited 
suppliers and all of them would have the same situation whenever the customer requirement 
comes in. It is a pass-through for us. 
Chirag Khasgiwala: 
Okay. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I would now like to hand 
the conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Deepak Acharya: 
Thank you everyone for your active participation and for your questions, we hope we have been 
able to answer most of your queries. In case we have missed addressing any of your queries 
kindly reach out to our Investor Relations officer Mr. Sunil Lavati as well as our IR Partner Ernst 
and Young and they will connect with you offline.  
Thank you and God Bless.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
