 
                
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Registered Office: # 8-2-334 I SDE Serene Chambers I 3rd Floor I Road No.5  
Avenue 7 I Banjara Hills I Hyderabad – 500034 I Telangana I India I CIN: L24299TG2018PLC128171  
Tel: 91 40 2354 9414 /1142 /3311 I Fax: 91 40 2354 1152 I Email: info@suvenpharm.com I www.suvenpharm.com 
CSD/BSE&NSE/CC/2023-24 
March 11, 2024 
 
 
To 
The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited 
25th Floor, P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai - 400 001 
 
To 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 543064
Scrip Symbol: SUVENPHAR
 
 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Transcript of the conference call  
 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III of the SEBI (Listing 
Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed the 
transcript of the conference call held on 05th March 2024. 
 
The above information has been uploaded on the Company's website at 
https://suvenpharm.com/financial-info/  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully, 
For Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
 
 
 
K. Hanumantha Rao 
Company Secretary 
 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HANUMAN
THA RAO 
KOKKONDA
Digitally signed by 
HANUMANTHA RAO 
KOKKONDA 
Date: 2024.03.11 
13:31:10 +05'30'

 
 
 
Page 1 of 17 
 
 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited 
Proposed Merger Conference Call 
March 05, 2024 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the call to discuss the announcement of proposed merger between 
Suven Pharmaceuticals and Cohance Life Sciences. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the 
listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Please note that this conference is being recorded.  
 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho, Head – Investor Relations from Suven 
Pharmaceuticals Limited. Thank you and over to you. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
We welcome everyone on today's call to discuss the proposed merger of Cohance Life Sciences with 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited and the business outlook for the combined entity. 
 
Let me introduce you to our management team present with us today. Mr. Annaswamy Vaidheesh, 
Executive Chairman, Dr. Prasada Raju, Managing Director, Dr. Sudhir Singh, Chief Executive Officer 
and Mr. Himanshu Agarwal, Chief Financial Officer. We will brief you on the discussion and take you 
through the transaction and then open the floor for Q&A. 
 
Now I hand over the call to our Executive Chairman, Mr. Vaidheesh. Over to you. 
Annaswamy Vaidheesh: 
Thank you, Cyndrella. Good afternoon, everyone. We at Suven would like to take this opportunity to 
dwell into the significant announcement of the proposed merger between Cohance Life Sciences and 
Suven Pharmaceuticals Limited. 
 
This marks a pivotal moment in Suven's journey, underscoring our commitment to advancing towards 
leadership in the integrated CDMO space, enhancing the scale of business, ensuring stability in earnings 
through diversification and fortifying our financial standing. Just to let you all know that we have 
ensured high corporate governance standards while evaluating the merger due diligence, valuation and 
risk. We did have a detailed due diligence undertaken on Cohance by market leading firms. 
 
All key items identified in the due diligence have been adjusted in the valuation for potential liability. 
And swap ratio has been jointly recommended by two respected valuers, PWC and BDO. And Kotak 
Investment Banking has provided us a fairness opinion. 
 
Let's run through the key rationale for the merger. First and foremost, through this transaction, we move 
closer to our goal of creating a diversified end-to-end CDMO leader from India. We will more than 
double our revenue base with a combination of the two platforms. And the two combination will provide 

 
 
 
Page 2 of 17 
 
multiple and diverse engines of growth. Basically three distinct business units, Pharma CDMO, Spec 
Chem CDMO and API plus, including formulations. So if you look at CDMO, combination will create 
an integrated CDMO model, which will allow us to follow the molecule through the complete phase of 
development and lifecycle management for the innovative partner in both pharma and speciality 
chemical segments. 
 
The addition of Cohance, this is a very interesting element that we all need to know, is that addition of 
Cohance brings fast-growing ADC platform, reinforcing our position as a leading CDMO platform with 
better offerings for our customers and partners. And interestingly, even for the API plus, focus on select 
low, mid and volume molecules with leading global market share backed by deep cost position and 
robust chemistry capabilities. Last four-year revenue CAGR at 11%, while the CDMO business is 
growing at 33% with a healthy mix of increasing share in existing customers, new customer additions 
and new products. 
 
Overall, the intention is to ensure stable growth profile over multiple engines of growth. So multiple 
global examples of peers exist with similar end-to-end capabilities, probably many of you would be 
aware. Business mix and service lines from demonstrators scaling up globally. 
 
So the merged platform combined entity will have significant scale benefits. When I say scale, it will 
become a leading integrated CDMO player in India and top 10 in Asia and with the capacity going from 
a 1,400 KL to combined capacity of 2,650+ KL. And the customer base going off large pharma and 
spectrum companies by 1.5x. 
 
Very important thing we need to know that we also now will have an access to niche chemistry 
capabilities like ADC or antibody drug conjugates, which can be leveraged to service our innovative 
customers. Access to best-in-class GMP facilities, very important thing that we all need to know, it 
expands the scope of product offering to existing customers by gaining access to multiple GMP 
facilities, basically FDA audited. And quite obviously, the combination will have the best-in-class 
financial metrics, we will be more than double our revenue base with a combination to platform and 
continue to have best-in-class financial metrics in and around 35% plus EBITDA margins and 30 plus 
ROCE and sturdy cash flow generation. 
 
I can go on and on, but I think it's very important that I should ask my colleague, Dr. Prasada to take 
you through the multiple synergy benefits, how this deal is going to bring in. Over to you, Dr. Prasada. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Vaidheesh. Very good afternoon to everyone. We'll take this opportunity to share some 
more additional insights. We expect multiple synergy benefits that can help accelerate growth and 
improve margins at a combined platform. We are expecting significant synergy benefits through the 
merger. We believe you should start realizing cost synergies in next 12 to 24 months and a meaningful 
revenue synergy in 24 to 48 months post-completion of the merger. 
 
Some of the key synergies derive from expanded capabilities and competencies. It implies providing a 
broader bouquet of chemistry and scientific capability across the entire platform, which includes adding 
up dish capabilities like antibody drug conjugates, payloads, electronic chemicals. Interestingly, both 

 
 
 
Page 3 of 17 
 
segments demand deeper chemistry capabilities to develop and manufacture, enabling us to offer a 
broader value proposition and to stay more closer to our existing customers. 
 
In addition, lifecycle management capabilities for innovators thereby demonstrates higher availability 
of scale to our customers, a higher number of globally regulatory approved facilities, five more facilities 
are going to be added from Cohance to Suven, and increased scope to invest for customers as well. 
From a revenue standpoint, there is a significant potential for cross-selling to customers as a very limited 
overlap of key big pharma innovator customers between both the companies. 
And we believe leveraging Cohance capabilities to offer to Suven customers and for Suven to offer 
capabilities of clinical to patent protected pharma CDMO intermediates to Cohance customers is going 
to play an important role. Opportunity for Cohance to offer API lifecycle management competency, as 
we all understand, it needs a different mind-set with the global regulatory approved manufacturing 
facilities to Suven innovator customers for their key molecules as well. 
We believe these are all the two important elements that can bring revenue synergies. From cost 
synergies standpoint, there are three elements that we are looking for. One is, of course, procurement, 
realized savings in common spending by sourcing materials, given the similar nature of the business, 
people and G&A optimization across the platform as we scale the combined operations together. The 
immediate important element is best-in-class cost management. We wanted to drive the continuous 
improvement mind-set across the platform are the three important element. While the merger process 
takes time, we are prioritizing sharing best practices across commercial sourcing and operational areas 
across both the organization. Multiple synergy benefits that can help accelerate growth and improve 
margins are being sized as we speak.  
Now, let me hand over the session to our CFO, Mr. Himanshu Agarwal, to take us through the deal 
structure and merger related aspects. Thank you. Over to you, Himanshu. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada. Good afternoon, everyone. Let me run through the deal structure and the 
merger ratio. As you would have read, the approved merger ratio as sanctioned by the board is for every 
295 shares of Cohance, 11 shares of Suven will be issued based on this swap ratio. Following the deal 
approval, promoter will hold 66.7% while public shareholders will retain 33.3%. We believe that this 
transaction is likely to be double-digit EPS accretive to Suven shareholders within the very first year of 
the implementation of the scheme of the amalgamation. 
The merger process is anticipated to conclude over 12 to 15 months subject to the regulatory approvals. 
The indicated timelines seems like we would require four key approvals. The first one being with stock 
exchange, SEBI approval. The second one with yourselves as shareholders. Third being with NCLT 
and fourth, it is likely that we will still require a DOP approval. From a valuation perspective, while 
Vaidheesh talked about the valuers, so we had appointed PwC and Cohance had appointed BDO. So, 
both the valuers had asked us to share historical numbers adjusted for the COVID impact and we had 
also shared with them the next two-to-three-year numbers which took into account the recovery of the 
Ag Chem cycle. 

 
 
 
Page 4 of 17 
 
 
Based on this, they did a fairly extensive exercise and reached to a joint ratio of 11 shares of Suven for 
295 shares of Cohance, which was then further validated by a fair value assessment, an independent 
assessment by Kotak Merchant Bankers. The entire management team across Suven and Cohance is 
extremely excited to build this leading CDMO and API player from India and creating value to the 
shareholders. 
I will hand over to Dr. Prasada to walk us through the Cohance business dynamics. Dr. Prasada, please. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Himanshu. Let me just quickly take you through the Cohance business dynamics briefly. 
Cohance has delivered revenue growth, 16% of four years of CAGR and EBITDA growth which is 
27% plus of CAGR on four-year basis with healthy financial metrics includes over 31% plus of 
EBITDA growth and 34% of ROCE. The Cohance business is outcome of successful integration of 
three distinctive and unique businesses over the last three years, as our chairman did mention in the 
opening remark. The API plus business was growing at 11% CAGR, but more importantly, the CDMO 
business is growing at 33% plus CAGR, which is the most evolving and rapidly growing space. That 
really gives a lot of excitement to us. 
 
The business has been supported by an additional capex investment of over INR350 plus crore and 
some more capex is at the final stage of deployment. Unique portfolio has been created under a 
professional management team. Talking about some of these business growth engines, CDMO 
contributes to 44% plus of gross profits, 32% of nine months of FY24 revenue. It is business from 
innovators, which includes pharma CDMO, manufacturing for innovators on patent lifecycle 
management of molecules. It also has fastest growing, very unique ADC warheads platform, where one 
of the business unit has world's first synthetic surrogate of manufacturing Camptothecin based payloads 
and custom manufacturing of speciality chemicals. This constitutes for the CDMO. 
 
From API plus standpoint, 56% of gross profits, 68% of 9 months FY23-24 revenue, which includes 
primarily API pallets and some of the intermediates. The unique differentiation of Cohance API, when 
compared with market is they have chosen to be in low to mid volume APIs, where this API is driven 
by merchant API rather than a formulation driven, relatively less competition intensity. If we can build 
low-cost position backed up with high degree of backward integration to offer superior supply security 
to the partners, there is enough chance that they can gain global market share, which is evident by the 
fact that majority of the molecule Cohance secures top three global supplies for most of the molecules. 
 
The value added formulation is predominantly a service business that is also conscious choice, where 
it uses captive APIs for forward integration, also including some of the CMO and analytical services.  
Now, let me invite our CEO, Dr. Sudhir to share his prospects about medium term outlook of Suven. 
Again, we will come back with additional nuances on the overall business. Thank you. Back to you, 
Dr. Sudhir. 
Sudhir Singh: 
Thank you, Dr. Prasada. So, as we have indicated earlier, we believe that around three to four quarters 
may continue to remain soft. We expect recovery starting in H2 of FY25. Softness is primarily driven 
by global inventory, de-stocking in the specific chemical segment. We are also observing some select 
inventory de-stocking in our pharma customers as well. However, we believe this is temporary in nature. 

 
 
 
Page 5 of 17 
 
 
We remain quite optimistic on the recovery and are seeing multiple positive developments that helps 
drive confidence in medium term. Our RFQs continue to be strong. We have had a positive progress on 
our phase three pipeline in Suven Pharma. 
 
This is in line with our strategic goal of expanding the pipeline with our customers. Our phase three 
product pipeline has moved up from two products, now, we have six intermediates to now total five 
products to ten intermediates. So earlier, you are having six intermediates which were going in five 
final products. Now, we have ten intermediates now for five products.  
Our customer engagement has seen some early success stories. We are working towards elevating a 
customer to a strategic relationship. We are focused on converting opportunities from the global 
inventory de-stocking cycle in the Ag-Chem business. In parallel, we are building a specialty chemical 
team as well. As we informed in earlier calls, we have onboarded an Ag-Chem sales head and further 
strengthening our team will be taken care of.  
Our successful USFDA audit at the Pashamylaram facility emphasizes our quality focus and efforts 
dedicated towards compliance for our new and existing team. Two weeks rigorous audit with GMP and 
PAI audits resulting with our low format 483 observations. 
 
Quality compliance and ESG, we have set our goals and work on a committed journey to acquire global 
accreditation over medium terms, including world rating from EcoVadis.  
Now, I will request Himanshu to give a colour on our performance. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Thank you, Dr. Sudhir. So, from Cohance perspective, we continue to progress on the growth journey. 
As mentioned earlier, the CDMO segment continues to reflect sustained growth momentum. It 
continues to contribute 44% of the gross profit and 32% of the 9M FY24 revenue. And we remain 
positive about this. The ADC warhead site located at Nacharam unit has successfully cleared audit by 
EDQM with no major or critical observations. We've also onboarded two large new innovator pharma 
customers for ADC platform and as well onboarded one new life cycle management customer. 
One of the Phase III product is also progressing well on track. The API segment business is expected 
to recover from the second half of FY25. It contributes 56% of the gross profits and 68% of the 9-month 
FY24 revenue. There's also an update on the two API qualifications. We have completed one API 
qualification for the customer and the another one is progressing at an advanced stage. Cohance also 
had eight consecutive successful audits across the platform and operationally qualified Kilo Lab with 
OEB6 level standards. I would now request Dr. Prasada to give the final remarks. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Himanshu and Dr. Sudhir. EBITDA margins for the combined platform are expected to 
settle in mid-30s. However, in near term as we are in investment phase, we might experience margins 
to be impacted by a couple of percentage points. However, we expect a progressive trend towards the 
mid-30s over the mid-term. This merger signifies a transformative step for Suven Pharmaceuticals 
Limited, consolidating our strength and positioning us for sustained success in the dynamic 
pharmaceutical and specialty chemical landscape with three distinctive engines of growth, Pharma 
CDMO, Speciality CDMO and API plus.  

 
 
 
Page 6 of 17 
 
Let's collectively trade this exciting journey towards a more prosperous future for Suven and open for 
the floor for Q&A. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session.  
We have the first question from the line of Rashmi Shetty from Dolat Capital.  
Rashmi Shetty: 
Yes, so, first thing I would like to know that in the presentation it is mentioned that, you know, we have 
paid dividends in Cohan by increasing our borrowings. So, if you can give color on it that, you know, 
why you have taken borrowings just for paying the dividends? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Rashmi. Now, I would request our CFO Himanshu to take up the question. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. So, Rashmi, I think the right way to look at this would be that as Dr. Prasada mentioned, we have 
invested significant capital in establishing new capex and increasing the capex facility for us. I think I 
would actually say that the borrowing has been more from that perspective rather than coloring it from 
a dividend perspective. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Okay. And so, what is the way forward? I mean, will you look to reduce this borrowing for the next 
two years? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Absolutely. I mean, there is no doubt in our mind on that. I mean, our sense is that we should be able 
to have a range of 20% to 35% of an EBITDA converted into direct cash every year on year. And that 
should help us reduce the debt from its current position. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
Got it, sir. And, few more questions just on the merger part, to understand more on how is the Cohance 
CDMO business, you know, different from the Suven's CDMO business? Is there any overlap? How 
are the customers perceiving this merger? And, there are many similar kind of CDMO businesses 
already as an existing player. So, you know, how the customers are really looking at it and how they 
are going to benefit from this merger? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
If you look at the CDMO business between Suven and Cohance, they are completely distinctly different. 
And Cohance CDMO business is more superior than Suven business because of the following reasons. 
Number one, Cohance offers platform technology, which has been indigenously developed, first of its 
kind in the world. The technology has been developed to manufacture cancer patient-based derivatives. 
However, Suven, we have always been in the service business of offering capacities. Also, the space in 
which currently the antibody drug conjugates are evolving right now is evolving at a much faster rate 
than any other segment in the therapeutic areas. Coupled with, there is also substantial unique science 
capability and technology capability because of few additions of specialty chemicals and hardcore 
chemistry of carbon-carbon coupling or manufacturing. They have a unique capability of even 
developing and manufacturing OEB6 capacities as well. From this standpoint, the Cohance CDMO, 
which is driven by a platform technology IP owned by Cohance, is much superior than Suven as we 
understand. 
Rashmi Shetty: 
And just to follow up, so from a margin perspective also, the Cohance CDMO has a superior and better 
margin compared to Suven CDMO business? 

 
 
 
Page 7 of 17 
 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Rashmi, I would prefer to reiterate what we just mentioned. For example, our current gross profit of the 
growth of Cohance 44% as opposed to the rate at which it is growing at 33 plus% of CAGR. So, 
obviously, it implies the healthy margins from the business. And some part of your question also talked 
about customers. The customer base of CDMO of Cohance and customer base of CDMO of Suven are 
not same. They are uncommon. One is large US-based innovator company, another one is Japanese-
based innovator company for which two products already at commercial scale for antibody drug 
conjugates payloads. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Daljit Singh from Nirvana Capital.  
Daljit Singh: 
Just a couple of clarifications. You mentioned that there has been an improvement of Phase III product 
pipeline in Suven. And earlier, there were six intermediates, and out of them, five were commercial. 
And that number has now moved from 6 to 10 intermediates. Is the understanding correct? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Your understanding is absolutely correct. Now, we have 10 intermediates in Phase III. 
Daljit Singh: 
Got it. And sir, any indication of any of the, I mean, all of the six earlier intermediates, which were in 
Phase III, any indication whether in next few quarters, something might move up into commercial? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Our endeavour is to see how clinical development happens. We cannot define exactly how the 
improvements will happen. For example, one of the product, it has actually moved from Phase I to all 
the way to Phase III, because the product has been designated as a breakthrough therapy. It's very 
difficult for us to predict. However, we are doing whatever is best to make sure that our innovative 
companies stay relevant for their regulatory cycle. 
Daljit Singh: 
Got it. And sir, on the API front, also, you mentioned there are two kind of APIs that has been approved 
with the innovators. So, whether that has been with Suven or Cohance? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
That is primarily from the Cohance. Some of the APIs started looking for qualification as a life cycle 
management solution to the innovators. That has been the proven trend at Cohance with the latest 
development, which has been called out in the script today. 
Daljit Singh: 
Got it. And sir, in earlier interactions, also, when there were possibilities of doing this life cycle 
management and API thing for Suven innovative clients as well. So, would there be now a possibility 
to fast track that thing with both the entities combined and more offerings? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Yes, we believe so.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions for me. One, what's the dividend policy of the combined entity going to look 
like? Number two, in your ADC platform, you mentioned about payload, but do you also have linker 
capabilities? And how big will your ADC revenues be, say, in FY25 as a percentage of your overall 
revenues? 

 
 
 
Page 8 of 17 
 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Yes, I'll take up the question about ADC. You're very right. We are also looking for expanding payloads. 
And from a capability standpoint, currently, the focus is on adding one more payload apart from the 
competition base. And progressively, objective is to explore possibilities along with customers on the 
linker. But as of now, it doesn't exist as of today. From a dividend policy, I would request our CFO, 
Himanshu, to answer the question.  
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. Our dividend policy, I think we are going to be conservative in a payout of a dividend. We do 
believe that we are on the path of a very, very encouraging journey to create shareholder value. And we 
believe that that would come through investment into business, as well as exploring other inorganic 
opportunities if they were to arise to us. So that's our view on your question of dividend policy. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Okay. This question stemmed from the earlier question where, you know, about INR160 crore of 
dividend was paid out. You did mention that borrowings expanded, but typically, it seemed a bit out of 
the ordinary. So that's where the question was coming from. But I think it's clear now that you're going 
to be focusing on reinvesting back into the business. So that's helpful. Also, how big could the ADC 
business be, say, in FY25-26 as a percentage of your overall revenues of Cohance, or merged entity 
rather? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Overall, at a CDMO level, we expect a similar kind of percentage growth, both on absolute terms as 
well as from a percentage term. Currently, we might not be able to exactly give you a specific number 
what that would be. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question is from the line of Nitin Gosar from BOI Mutual Fund.  
Nitin Gosar: 
Let me outright register a bit of observation. Once we are a shareholder, we don't appreciate an entity 
which tries to pay out dividend by taking debt, especially where a merger ratio is due. Those kinds of 
events don't really go well. And when you yourself called it out, you know, the intent is to close business 
and keep deploying the cash flow. This kind of action doesn't go well with the guided principles through 
which you want to grow the business. Coming back to the P&L, combined entity P&L shows that right 
now we are around 33%, range on EBITDA margin. While you were indicating that it will settle down 
closer towards 30% in medium term. Was that the right value? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Nitin, thank you for explicitly mentioning about the dividend observation. As again, Himanshu has 
mentioned, we reinstate our focus is primarily to reinvest in the growth avenues of the business. And 
we continue to remain focused on it. 
On the EBITDA percentage level, as we were mentioning in the earlier stage of the call, we expect 
some percentage points of dip in the short term, because we have started investing in our human capital, 
as well as some of the operating expenses. Hence, it would be lower 30s. And definitely in the midterm 
to long term, at a steady state, we will definitely be mid 30s of EBITDA. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. And when considering the swap ratio, you did mention that we have considered recovery in Ag 
Chem cycle for Cohance. This recovery in Ag Chem cycle is expected in year 2025, 2026? 

 
 
 
Page 9 of 17 
 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Nitin, just to clarify the question, the Ag Chem business is pretty much pertinent to Suven at this stage. 
And based on our understanding about the market, we expect the recovery signals to come in H2 of 
2024-2025 towards year end. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. And last is with regard to working capital in Cohance, it has gone up on a 9-month basis. Could 
you clarify the reason behind that? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. So, Nitin, I think we have built in some inventory, especially for quarter four. And as you would 
notice, that a quarter four cyclically over the period has been a large quarter. And we are expecting a 
strong quarter in FY24 as well. So, primarily, that is one place where we have invested behind the 
working capital. We do expect that post quarter four, the working capital position would steadily 
improve. 
Nitin Gosar: 
But same may be true for the last year as well when the working capital days were 162 and this time it 
is around 185. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, that is correct. So, there is an investment that has also happened on the receivable side primarily 
with some of the businesses that have been impacted because of a currency crisis as well as a Middle 
East concern. So, there is some investment that has kind of got blocked because of the foreign currency 
being unavailable in those countries. 
Nitin Gosar: 
Okay. So, our debtor days have got stretched because of the currency not being available at the country 
where we have made our sales. Right? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. Some of the countries where we have made sales which are witnessing some geopolitical issues.  
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Vivek Agarwal from Citigroup.  
Vivek Agrawal: 
So, can you specify as far as the capacity additions are concerned, so, how much you are planning to 
invest into the capital expenditure, let us say, over the next two, three years and what kind of the 
technology capacities you are adding? That would be super helpful.  
Prasada Raju V.: 
Vivek, let me divide this question into two parts. As you heard us, from a capex standpoint, significant 
investments have already been done in case of Cohance. And at Suven we already have approved capex. 
The immediate priority for the management team is to ensure the 400 plus scale capacity of Suryapet is 
come up and running for commercial. And our primary objective is to ensure that the existing capex 
sweat to a reasonable extent till such time we don't have an intent of committing so much of a capex. 
However, progressively, in the next four to six quarters time, how the business is going to come back, 
we might take a proper decision on capex. Current priority is just to focus on filling up the capacity to 
sweat the asset to derive the business.  
Vivek Agrawal: 
Understood. And, sir, if we talk about business mix, so currently it's around more than 50% coming 
from the CDMO, and less than 50% is API. So how that mix should change, let's say, in the next three, 
four years? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
If I'm assuming that your question is related to Cohance business? 

 
 
 
Page 10 of 17 
 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Yes, it's a combined business, basically. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Yes, definitely. As you know, more than 90-plus percent is more of a CDMO business with very less 
of other businesses. And the way historical information talks about 33-plus percent of CDMO business 
growing in Cohance, obviously, sum total will continue to have dominant growth in CDMO space. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
So do you believe that this 30% kind of CAGR as far as CDMO business is concerned, you will be able 
to do, let's say, over the next few years? So despite all these geopolitical issues, destocking, etcetera, 
that is there. And even if you look at last year, multiple CDMO companies have reflected negative 
growth, decline in margins, etc, right? So what gives you confidence that you will be able to continue 
to outperform the overall market and will we be able to do this kind of growth over the next few years?  
Prasada Raju V.: 
Vivek, it's very difficult for us to really define our own trajectory in a CDMO space. By very definition, 
we've got to be close to our customers and the success of a clinical phase will ensure. However, the 
assurance of the Cohance CDMO, which is platform-driven, product is commercial, product is 
substantially growing on the ADC platform, and also some of the controlled substances, makes us to 
believe that the growth trajectory will continue. Whether it will continue at the same run rate or slightly 
lower and higher, we cannot predict at this stage. Coming back to Suven, as you understand, and some 
of our colleagues are also asking about the Phase III molecule, while we have 100 plus projects which 
are active, the encouraging thing for us in Suven side, especially on the CDMO, is number of molecules 
in Phase III got improved. Today, we have 10 products with five major customers, and also the inflow 
of RFQs are almost 100% higher than last year. The conversion rate is also upwards of 160-plus percent 
when compared with the last year. These things makes us to believe that we should be able to grow 
along with the market and our customers as well. 
Vivek Agrawal: 
Thank you, sir. That is great. And last question from my side, if you are able to comment on the ongoing 
geopolitical dynamics, right? The U.S. has come out and trying to come out with a Biosecurity Act, and 
that may have some kind of impact on some of your competitors in China, right? So how you see this 
dynamics playing out and any kind of impact that you witness on your business?  
Prasada Raju V.: 
So as you understand, it's a very true broader sense of it, Vivek. Like you, we are also quietly observing. 
From our side, whatever we are capable of doing, we are keeping our internal resource right. And 
beyond the point, we prefer not to comment on this. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Chirag Dagli from DSP Mutual Fund.  
Chirag Dagli: 
Sir, in the presentation, you're talking about potential to drive 10% of incremental EBITDA from 
various revenue and cost synergies. Question was, is this over what period of time is this? Because 
you're talking about revenue synergies only in two to four years and cost synergies only in one to two 
years. So just since you put out a number, just want to understand what does it mean? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. We very categorically put up around a 10% of incremental EBITDA as the synergy from both the 
levers. We are more buoyant on the top line while we focus on the cost levers. And as you would 
understand that the revenue levers will take time, and Dr. Prasada had mentioned that both Cohance has 
around five innovative customers and Suven has five innovative pharma customers. And the merger 

 
 
 
Page 11 of 17 
 
gives us actually five plus five, which equals to 10 and not less than 10 innovative customers. So we do 
find an opportunity where our customer base from a CDMO perspective or from a cross selling doubles 
from five to 10. And that opportunity is something which we wish to cross sell and harness. And our 
sense which we've estimated is that we will get two to four years. Similarly, there was a mention that 
we are looking at leveraging the material consolidation. So the procurement side of it or the operation 
efficiencies. And our expectation is that one to two years post the merger approval, we should be able 
to get the basic cost synergies into the business. Net-net, we are looking at around 10%. 
Chirag Dagli: 
I understand that, sir. My question was, is this an annual every year feature? Is this cumulative over 
four years? You know, since you put it out, I just want to understand what the 10% exactly means 
mathematically. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So mathematically, one, it is not an annualized feature. So, it's not that it will generate annually. It is a 
generation that will happen. And once it is generated, it will remain in the P&L. So, for a simple 
perspective, if there is a cross sell, and I generate additional INR25 crore-INR50 crore of revenue, that 
gets into my base and remains in my base. Similarly, if my cost level goes up or goes down from X to 
Y, it remains in my P&L perpetuity. 
Chirag Dagli: 
Understood. So, over four years, this is how we should think about it, incremental, the merged entity 
delivering 10% synergy over four years. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, but it will stagger over a period and culminate to 10% over the four years. 
Chirag Dagli: 
I understand now, sir. Okay. And the other one is on patent expiry for the merged entity, is there 
anything in the base that we should worry about? When is the earliest patent expiry for the merged 
entity that we should think about that coming out of the base or hurting the base etc.? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
As per our understanding, absolutely no at this stage. 
Chirag Dagli: 
So when is the earliest patent expiry that we should start worrying about? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
We will come back to you once we hear from the customers, because it's very important to take this 
patent expiry language in totality, Chirag. It's not that if the patent expiry happens, product is going to 
be half-shell. It does not happen like that. It all depends on the therapeutic category. It all depends on 
the patient acquaintance with the molecule. Innovator might decide, still continue the same volume at 
a low price. Hence, the point is, we are very close to our customers. And whenever we hear back from 
them, we will definitely, appropriately, once we quantify when it is going to happen, we can certainly 
come back. But answer to your question, in at least next one and a half to two years, we don't seem to 
have such kind of a situation, because innovators are always informers in advance. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gokul Maheshwari from Awriga Capital. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
My question is that at the time of the acquisition in September 2023, there was some comments made 
by the Advent top management on an aspiration to build a billion dollars of CDMO business. So, could 
you just comment, is that aspiration still there, and how would you plan to achieve that under the 
combined entity?  

 
 
 
Page 12 of 17 
 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Gokul. Let me invite our Executive Chairman, Vaidheesh. Vaidheesh, can you just take up 
this question? 
Annaswamy Vaidheesh: 
Thank you. You know, as rightly said, when you create a platform, you have to have a vision or a kind 
of a goal to go after. I think that is what Advent had articulated at that point of time, a billion dollar 
kind of a platform is the way to go. Now, if you look at the way in which we are now built up, we are 
almost to that extent of, you know, with Cohance and Suven put together itself, we are talking about a 
reasonably 50% to 60% of the target, almost 60% of the target. So, frankly, in my opinion, that vision 
will continue to drive our approach. We will look for opportunities, external opportunities that would 
fulfil our ambition. So, the long and short, definitely that burning desire to become a billion dollar 
platform still exists, and we'll continue to look for more options for making that happen in the next five 
to seven years' time. But let me tell you, it's a vision for ourselves. That's our force behind it. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
Okay. In the last decade or so, Advent itself has made a lot of investments in a lot of pharma companies 
globally. So, within the portfolio, what kind of synergies or interactions would combine Suven-Cohance 
entity have with these businesses? And is that an easy cross-sell or ability to do business with these 
companies, which are in the portfolio of Advent? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Gokul, currently, we are absolutely focused on work in hand, which is to ensure that individual 
companies versus a combined organization, growth must be accelerated. And that's a management focus 
at this stage. And wherever there is any cross-pollination opportunities with other investments, 
primarily because of logical extension and meaningfulness in the business, which makes more 
meaningful sense to Suven and Cohance, we might look at it. Otherwise, our current objective is to 
ensure that enough opportunities are in our hand, we have to convert them into reality. That's the 
primary objective that we are currently working with. 
Gokul Maheshwari: 
And lastly, you mentioned about the outlook for the CDMO and the API business. Where does 
formulation fit in? Because Suven had invested in cash flows, and that is pretty much an underutilized 
capacity. So, if you could comment on the formulation strategy also. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Gokul, I think it's an important point that you mentioned. We also recognize the fact that there is a non-
core business is in existence with us. Instead of interpreting too much, our current endeavour is to ensure 
that the business sweats enough and it will break even or it will sustain on its own while we try to focus 
on pharma CDMO and specialty CDMO. The way things are evolving, we expect in 2024-25, we should 
definitely be able to get a cash profit to a neutral stage where the business is not going to hurt us going 
forward. That's the primary objective that we are running tight now. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Ankit Shah from Canara Robeco AMC.  
Ankit Shah: 
Sir, you guided for mid-30s kind of margins in the medium term. And if I look at the nine-month 
numbers on a combined basis, we're already doing 35% kind of margin. Now, considering that you plan 
to unlock cost synergies and also CDMO business will grow much faster, at least on the Cohance side. 
So, shouldn't the margin expectations be higher than what we are currently doing? Or do you expect 
any margin headwinds going forward? 

 
 
 
Page 13 of 17 
 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Ankit, very valid point. But we got to be a little more careful in our commentary, and we wanted to see 
how market is going to evolve. We have considered all possible risk adjustments that can potentially 
can happen. That's the reason we are trying to stick to the narrative of mid-30s of combined EBITDA 
margin. However, because we have been investing on some of the important aspects of human capital 
as well as opex. In short term, there will be a little bit of a few percentage point impact. Definitely, in 
the long-term basis, we should be better or at least not lower than mid-30s is the view that we have 
today. 
Ankit Shah: 
Right. And currently, ADC business would be negligible, would it be fair to say, or it has fairly scaled 
up from where you started? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
It is fairly scaled up, Ankit, because there are two products which are already commercial, and both the 
products are doing extremely well. 
Ankit Shah: 
Right. And on the ADC side, do you plan to add more capabilities, say, on the conjugation side or the 
antibody production side? Or in the immediate term, your focus extend to that or you just focus on 
adding more payloads in that part of business? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Ankit, I was also responding to Daljit from Nirvana Capital question. The way that we look at this 
business is ADC warheads and payloads. It has been more than two decades of research. Finally, 
Cohance, with this division has been able to build that payload capability. The logical extension is not 
only just sticking to the current Camptothecin based, there are other avenues where additional payloads 
can be built in. That's what currently team is focusing right now. In future, if the business demands, 
probably we should start looking at linker capacity. We all must understand, it's not our choice. 
Ultimately, we have to look for our customers and partner to see the value in us between India to 
Western world, wherever there is an opportunity. Obviously, we will also be open-minded for getting 
into linker business. As of now, our focus is primarily to focus on payloads and warheads. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Nitin Bhoir, an Individual Investor.  
Nitin Bhoir: 
Yes. My question is, what would be the total equity of combined entity and equity capital?  
Prasada Raju V.: 
Himanshu, can you take up this question? And just to repeat, equity and equity capital, he is asking 
about. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. So I think in the investor presentation, we have mentioned that the shareholder funds as of 
December 2023 is close to INR2,000 crore. 
Nitin Bhoir: 
So, equity would be INR20 crore because face value would be INR10 of combined entity or? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, see shareholder funds on a combined entity.  
Nitin Bhoir: 
Yes, I am trying to understand the earning per share for combined entity. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Okay. I think that is the easier way. If you just look at the equity capital addition, right, there is a 52% 
equity capital addition that's happened on FY23 basis. I am not even considering FY24 and the PAT 

 
 
 
Page 14 of 17 
 
has been added close to around 70%. So, if you just do it from a math perspective, there is 12% plus 
EPS accreditation that has happened only on FY23 basis. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Mayur Parkeria from Wealth Managers (India) Pvt. Ltd.  
Mayur Parkeria: 
I just wanted a little more colour or clarification. You know, in the presentation as well as in your 
commentaries, you have talked about that two or three times that we have taken note of the liabilities 
which could have accrued on the Cohance side. And the swap ratio has been adjusted to that impact and 
the 30% discount to the valuations compared to other similar businesses. The question here is what kind 
of liabilities were we talking of? Is it something like what the dividend payout obligation was there and 
it got paid out? Was it about ESOP commitments, charges which have already been taken to P&L or 
there are something more on the other side? And let me ask you a little more specifically. What is the 
potential there? Are there any open areas around that? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you. It is a very relevant question. Let me invite Himanshu to take up this question.  
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So, Mayur, first, let me address the concern. There is no ESOP, there is no dividend payout liabilities 
over there. These are pure, pure operational business liabilities. In any running operations, there would 
be few items which would have a potential payout arising in the future, be it a tax or be it otherwise. 
We have been extremely conservative in considering any liability irrespective of the probability that 
was given to us by the due diligence partner. And we consider the entire aggregate of that liability as a 
haircut on the valuation adjustment of cohorts. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. So, just do I get the number, that is a clarification, not a question, just do I get this number right 
that the EV was around INR8,500 crore, including the increased debt, which was there, will it be a right 
number and total EBITDA annualized of INR400 crore? And so, is that the right number for Cohance, 
which we should look at? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes, I mean, that is the number broadly. I mean, if you look at it at a very broad level, that is directionally 
the right number. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Okay. And given the outlook currently, which we are having of some pressure on the market side and 
also on the chemical side or on the margin side, how will you call out that, will Cohance be in a position 
to maintain the annual EBITDA under INR400 crore or will it even be lower? Because there is a huge 
Q4 number, which is expected. The nine month is only INR250 crore, but that is also in line with the 
nine month of previous year. But the annual FY23 EBITDA is much better. So, will we be able to 
maintain INR400, 430, 440 kind of EBITDA for Cohance? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Mayur, in all fairness, you have answered the question your own self. I did mention that cyclically, we 
do have a high quarter four and it is the same for FY23, it is the same for FY24. 
Mayur Parkeria: 
Right. So, despite the outlook being soft, we do not see risk to that number going down, because then 
that would, the discount, which we are saying and the things which, if the potential EBITDA is going 
to be lower even in just the six month's time frame, or in that time frame we would be looking at a 
valuation, which is different, right? 

 
 
 
Page 15 of 17 
 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, I did not really follow your question. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Let me answer. Mayur, your understanding is absolutely correct. From the management side, we also 
looked at what is the existing order book position, what is the manufacturing plan to deliver the set 
numbers, what you did mention. The outlook is definitely Cohance should be able to deliver the number, 
which has been factored in this assessment. That is what our view from an operation side. 
Moderator: 
We have the next question from the line of Gagan Thareja from ASK Investment Managers.  
Gagan Thareja: 
The first question is around the EPS accretion that you have talked on the FY23 basis. If I look on the 
nine-month year-to-date FY24 basis, for more than a 55% profit accretion, there is barely 4.8% EPS 
accretion for the nine-month period. That is on a very weak Q3 for Suven. On a normalized Q3 for 
Suven year-to-date basis, the EPS accretion would have been virtually nil. So I am therefore unable to 
understand when you say double-digit EPS accretion, why take FY23 basis when we know that FY23 
was something that was impacted by or rather propped up by non-recurring COVID-related products in 
the base, right? Wouldn't FY24 be reflective of the truth in a better way? And if that is the case, then 
from an investor's perspective, there is barely any EPS accretion? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you, Gagan. I would request Himanshu, can you just take up this question? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. So Gagan, I think even when you see FY24, there also, if you look at the EV, the EV addition is 
52% and the PAT addition, despite the fact that Suven results are depressed, it is at 57% and EBITDA 
addition is at 70%. 
Gagan Thareja: 
The earnings per share accretion is barely 4.8%. And on a normalized quarterly run rate of Suven, it 
would have been not even there. It would have been probably flat. So for all the profit addition that 
you're doing with the Cohance addition, there's barely any EPS accretion on a year-to-date basis. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
I think we will have to look at it from a multiple perspective. We can't ignore the fact that the FY23 
numbers, even when the numbers was very, very high, there is an EPS accretion that is happening in 
FY23. And we have to wait for FY24 results to kind of mature in terms of seeing as to what really it 
makes up, which is why we have said that we will be EPS accretive in the first year of our merger. I 
mean, we are very, very clear that we will be double-digit EPS accretion in the first year of our merger. 
Gagan Thareja: 
But then how does that sort of stack up with your commentary that your margins will be under pressure 
in the first year of the combined entities operations? You're saying that because you will be investing 
in manpower and doing further opex enhancement, there'll be a 200 bps sort of a margin pressure. And 
despite that, you're talking of EPS accretion on this base. So could you maybe perhaps enumerate or 
elaborate a little more on the synergy benefit playing out in the first year or the second year or the third 
year and give us some idea of how do you expect EPS accretion to dilate or increase from here on? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Let me see as to what we can put it out to clarify in the investor deck of what we have done, our internal 
workings, which shows us that we will be EPS accretive in the first year of merger. But we are very 
clear based on our internal workings that the first year will be EPS accretive double-digit. 

 
 
 
Page 16 of 17 
 
Gagan Thareja: 
Okay. Right. And from a working capital perspective, what will be the cash conversion cycle for the 
combined entity versus where it stands today for Suven and for Cohance separately? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
As you notice, Suven has been a cash generator. I think year-on-year, we are generating cash. So that 
situation will remain as it is.  
Gagan Thareja: 
I'm talking about the working capital cycle. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
So ultimately, from a working capital cycle perspective, we do expect that Cohance would remain 
stable. We would not be investing further on the Cohance working capital. 
Gagan Thareja: 
No, finally, just one more question, which is, are there any contingent liabilities on the Cohance balance 
sheet, which comes on board with the merger? And if there are, what is the size? 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
No, I just mentioned to you that, we have taken a valuation adjustment for all potential liabilities in 
Cohance’s box. So there is no contingent liability that we expect it to materialize, which we have not 
considered from a valuation perspective. 
Moderator: 
We have the follow up next question from the line of Tarang Agrawal from Old Bridge.  
Tarang Agrawal: 
Just a couple of questions. One, what are the number of shares that are going to be issued? And second, 
on the reactor capacity of about 2700 KL for the combined entity, are these all product capacities or 
there is raw material capacity also included here? And if so, what would be the raw material capacity? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Let me answer the last question and hand over it back to Himanshu. This is purely a reactor capacity, 
where between the assets, 1400 KL and 1250 KL of Suven and Cohance consecutively comes back to 
roughly 2700 KL. As you understand, there is also 400 plus KL capacity of project which is up and 
running in our Suryapet facility of Suven, which is also going to be commercial. Like this, there are 
about 150 to 200 KL capacity of Cohance is also coming in play. It is purely a reactor capacity. 
However, one can look at reactor capacity coupled with the classification of OEB. In Cohance side, 
multiple OEB facilities are also there. As you understand, though it is less than maybe 100 litters, that 
OEB is OEB facility. So, that is how one can look at it from a capacity standpoint. It is not to relate 
with any raw material side. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
Sir, if I may just follow up, for certain products, there may be a possibility that we might be using 
certain particular intermediates, which could be used across the portfolio. And to that extent, whatever 
is my KL capacity, it will be more backward integration than actually getting revenue out of it. So, my 
question was from that standpoint, that do we have any dedicated capacities for specific intermediates, 
which would tantamount to backward integration? 
Prasada Raju V.: 
This is primarily from a business standpoint. Today, these capacities are adding up. We have no plan 
for using one capacity for additional backward integration. That has not been the initial consideration. 
However, individual businesses have to continue to grow. If there is any opportunity of any backward 
integration, for example, in Suven’s CDMO, we will be open-minded to look at the capacities which 
are available in hand. Instead of trying to create something, our abilities to have a flexible mapping will 
be secured. There are no common intermediates which are manufacturing today, where this 

 
 
 
Page 17 of 17 
 
manufacturing of intermediate will directly get into a sale. Hence, this capacity is not going to be 
realized as a sale. That’s not the situation. I hope this answered your question. 
Tarang Agrawal: 
It does. It does. 
Prasada Raju V.: 
Thank you. On the first point, Himanshu, if you can just take it up. 
Himanshu Agarwal: 
Yes. certainly. So, Tarang, the Suven equity base was 25.4 crore shares. And the ESOPs of 65 lakhs 
were issued, which made the share count as 26.1 crore shares. The post fully diluted share, post the 
merger, will take this to 38.97 crore shares. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will take that as the last question for today. I now hand the 
conference over to Ms. Cyndrella Carvalho for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Cyndrella Carvalho: 
Thank you everyone, for your time and joining us and understanding and spending your efforts with us. 
We respect all the questions. And whatever questions are remaining unanswered, please reach out to 
me or the CDR team. We will come back with explanation. Thank you so much. 
Annaswamy Vaidheesh: 
Thank you everyone. 
Please note:  
We have edited the language, made minor corrections, without changing much of the content, wherever 
appropriate, to bring better clarity. 
