               SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & FERTILISERS LTD. 
CIN: L24100MH1993PLC071376 
        (A Government of India Recoginsed Export House) 
 An ISO 9001:2008 & 14001:2004 Certiﬁed Company 
Oﬃce No. 301/302, 3rd Floor, Atlanta Center, Near Udyog Bhavan 
Sonawala Road, Goregaon (East), Mumbai - 400063, India 
Tel.: + 91 22 4270 2525 Fax: + 91 22 2685 3205 
 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
     Date: 20th February, 2024 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited,
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, 
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East),  
 
Mumbai – 400 051.  
Script Symbol: SHREEPUSHK 
BSE Limited,
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001. 
 
Scrip Code: 539334 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call held on 14th February, 2024. 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 and with reference to our letter dated 8th February, 2024, intimating you about 
the earning conference call for Q3 & 9M FY24 with Analysts/Investors held on 14th February, 2024, 
please find attached herewith the transcript of the aforesaid conference call. 
 
The above information is also available on the website of the Company at https://shreepushkar.com/  
 
This is for your information & record. 
 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited., 
 
 
Nitesh Pangle 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer  
Place: Mumbai. 
Encl.:a/a 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
..........Stable, Sustainable & Smart Chemistry Company.......... 
● Speciality Textile Dyes 
● Dyes Intermediates 
● Acids 
● Power 
● Animal Health & Nutrition 
● Fertilisers 
 
Works at - B- 102 / 103, D – 25, B – 97, D - 18, D - 10, MIDC Lote Parshuram, Taluka Khed, Dist. Ratnagiri Maharashtra, India. 
GOTS / Approved            email: info@shreepushkar.com ● www.shreepushkar.com                        ZDHC gateway / Registered 
 
NITESH 
PANDURANG 
PANGLE
Digitally signed by NITESH PANDURANG PANGLE 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=400093, st=MAHARASHTRA, street=A902 
KULSHREE SRA CHS LTD SHER E PUNJAB  JIJAMATA ROADMUMBAI 
SUBURBANANDHERI EASTBEHIND HILTON TOWER 400093, 
l=MUMBAI SUBURBAN, o=Personal, title=3145, 
serialNumber=e8ac4bb45ff47b6d15637c03803ad9c16dbecc3d8877
94e419e40c67f2041eab, pseudonym=314520221122155924219, 
2.5.4.20=7b9ea763eb6576c88568656116cd7ae6f120a9ffba4c2b0d3
79da301974f5884, email=NITESH0610@GMAIL.COM, cn=NITESH 
PANDURANG PANGLE 
Date: 2024.02.20 11:43:51 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 10 
 
 
 
“Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited  
Q3 and 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PUNIT MAKHARIA – CHAIRMAN AND MANAGING 
DIRECTOR, SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & 
FERTILISERS LIMITED 
MR. DEEPAK BERIWALA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, 
SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS & FERTILISERS LIMITED 
MR. NITESH PANGLE – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER, SHREE PUSHKAR CHEMICALS 
& FERTILISERS LIMITED 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 10 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited Q3 and 9M 
FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. If you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on your touchtone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
Before we begin, I would like to remind all participants that some of the statements or comments 
made on today’s call may be forward-looking in nature. These may include but are not 
necessarily limited to financial projections or other statements of the Company’s plans, 
objectives, expectation or intentions. The Company disclaims any obligation to update these 
forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments. Kindly refer to slide 
number 17 of the Earnings presentation for a detailed disclaimer. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitesh Pangle – Company Secretary and Compliance 
Officer of Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited. Thank you and over to you, Sir. 
Nitesh Pangle: 
Good evening everyone and we welcome all the participants to Shree Pushkar Chemicals & 
Fertilisers Limited Q3 and 9M FY2024 Earnings Call. 
Joining us today from the management side, we have Mr. Punit Makharia – Chairman and 
Managing Director and Mr. Deepak Beriwala – Chief Financial Officer. 
Now I will hand over the call to Mr. Punit Makharia for his opening remarks. Over to you, Sir. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you Nitesh. A very good evening and a very warm welcome to everyone for Q3 and 9M 
FY24 Earnings Call of Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited. I hope you all have got 
an opportunity to go through the Financial Results as well as Investor Presentation which has 
been uploaded on the stock exchange as well as on the Company’s website. 
Friends, now I will take you through the Financial and Operational Performance of our Company 
for Q3 and 9M FY24: 
During the year, our Company’s objective remains efficient operations of our manufacturing 
plants, with a strong emphasis on maintaining sound cash flow throughout the business cycle, 
rather than pursuing the rapid topline growth and without a long-term prospective we have 
adopted a measured approach prioritizing stability over short-term gains which have resulted 
very well. Our commitment to this is to avoid accumulating cost inventory and managing high 
debt that would negatively impact our financial well beings. 
All while retaining our valued customers, we have also been attentive to monitoring commodity 
pricing and market trends to steer through the challenges and maintaining our financial stability. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 10 
I am pleased to share significant development in our operations particularly in Ratnagiri region 
of Maharashtra. Our efforts have resulted in a remarkable increase in the total sale and we are 
progressing in site development for Unit 6. This strategic initiative in Ratnagiri enhances not 
just our capacity within the fertilizer segment, but also contributes significantly to overall growth 
of our organization. 
Friends, furthermore we are satisfied with our ongoing projects to establish a 3.8-megawatt DC 
solar power plant in Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra. The project compliments our previous 
strategic investment of 5.2-megawatt DC solar power plant in the same region and making a 
total 9-megawatt DC referring our commitment to sustainable energy solutions and broader 
environmental goals. 
In our chemical segment, we saw strong growth this quarter in spite of global demand softening 
due to economic challenges and the energy crisis. Our efforts and initiative have enabled us to 
maintain stability and growth. Even amidst challenges such as climate change and geo-political 
tensions, we are currently operating our plants at almost full capacity. The signs of recovering 
indicating further production and demand of chemicals are gradually increasing. 
Lastly, I am delighted to report that our Company maintains a robust balance sheet and non-lien 
deposits of Rs. 95 crores providing strong cash position for long-term stability and sustainability. 
Despite the challenging circumstances of geo-political tensions, demand pressures, global 
supply chain disruption, economic downturns and high inflation pressures, we have achieved 
remarkable growth. Our steadfast commitment to sustainable growth in the phase of adversity 
has been core to our business. 
Looking ahead we are optimistic about our future and anticipating significant profitability and 
revenue growth improvements in the coming quarters. We remain dedicated to our goals and 
confidence that our steadfast efforts and strategic planning will continue to yield positive 
outcomes. 
Friends, we are excited to face the challenges that lie ahead building on the success so far. 
With this I would like to pass on the baton to Mr. Deepak – our CFO who will provide you with 
the operational and financial highlights of Q3 and 9M FY24. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
Good evening and thank you all for joining us today. 
I would like to provide an overview of our Operational and Financial Performance of the Q3 and 
9M FY24: 
In Q3 FY24, our consolidated volume in the Chemical Sector shows a remarkable 45% surge 
reaching 15,875 metric tons compared to 10,969 metric tons in the same period of FY23. 
Similarly, the fertilizer sector observed a significant 10% increase with a volume totaling 46,713 
metric tons in Q3 FY24 from 42,537 metric tons in Q3 FY23. This contributes to a net worth of 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 10 
70% year-on-year growth in our consolidated volume which amounted to 62,588 metric tons 
compared to 53,506 metric tons in Q3 FY23. 
For 9M FY24, the chemical sector continued an upward trajectory giving a 31% increase in 
volume reaching 45,889 metric tons compared to 35,115 metric tons in the corresponding period 
of FY23. However, the fertilizer sector saw a slight decline of 2% with volume totaling 1,52,415 
metric tons in 9M FY24 down from 1,55,796 metric tons in 9M FY23. Nevertheless, our 
consolidated total volume grew up significant 4% year-on-year basis amounting to 1,98,304 
metric tons compared to 19,951 metric tons in 9M FY23. 
Now turning to our Financial Performance in Q3 FY24: 
Our consolidated revenue amounting to Rs. 174.60 crores marking a significant 14% increase 
from 153.7 crores in Q3 FY23. Our consolidated EBITDA for the same period was Rs. 14 crores 
reflecting a 6% growth from Rs. 13.1 crores in Q3 FY23 with a robust margin of 8% in Q3 
FY24. The PAT for Q3 FY24 was Rs. 7.6 crores representing a significant 49% growth from 
Rs. 5.1 crores in Q3 FY23 with a PAT margin of 4.3%. 
Moving on to the 9M FY24: 
Our consolidated revenue for 9M FY24 amounting to Rs.535.4 crores indicating a considerable 
6% growth from Rs. 503.7 crores in 9 months FY23. However, our consolidated EBITDA for 
9M FY24 decreased to Rs. 41.9 crores from Rs. 48 crores in 9M FY23 making a decline of 13% 
year-on-year basis. The EBITDA margin for 9M FY24 was 7.8% with a PAT margin of 4.4%. 
The PAT for 9M FY24 was reported at Rs. 24 crores reflecting a 2% decrease from Rs. 24.4 
crores in 9M FY23. 
With this I would like to open the floor for any questions and discussion. Thank you all of you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, Sir. Ladies and Gentlemen, we will now begin with the question-and-
answer session. We will take the first question from the line of Sanjeev Damani from SKD 
Consulting. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Sir, if you can kindly help me in chemical division whether we consider Intermediate Dyes and 
chemical and Sulphuric Acid and other chemicals that we make for making dyes only or this 
chemical division means only Dyes division? 
Punit Makharia: 
Chemical division consists of Dyes, Intermediates and chemicals and like acid division. 
Intermediates we consume also; intermediates we sell also as well as the acids we consume also 
and we sell also. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
This Sulphuric Acid when it goes to the fertilizer division, so that will be reduced from the sale 
of fertilizer? 
Punit Makharia: 
Obviously, we cannot capture the double sales. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 10 
Sanjeev Damani: 
So, the effect would be like that? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes, see whatever acid we consume in our Fertilizer business whatever the intermediates we 
consumer captively in our Dyes business those quantities are never captured in the revenue 
figures. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Coming to the dyes chemical market, so how is the scenario of the finished dyes and how is the 
scenario of dyes intermediates? 
Punit Makharia: 
Both are different, we must have a viewpoint on that. The customers who we cater in dyes 
intermediates in terms you can call them our competitors also in dyes business because the other 
companies who are buying intermediates from us, they are making dyes out of that and we are 
competing in the international market as well as in domestic market in terms of dyes. The only 
benefit what we have is that we have our own intermediates which we use captively as well as 
we supply to the dye manufactures also. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
I wanted to understand whether the dyes market is better or intermediates is better in Indian 
conditions and international condition both because earlier we had lot of problems of demand 
and all other things in international market also and in our local market also, so this quarter 
performance has been better, but how is the realization and how is the future view also, Sir this 
I want to understand? 
Punit Makharia: 
Let me tell you basically Dyestuff is a value addition of dyes intermediates and since we make 
intermediates as well as downstream products like acids also, so this provides complete stable 
sustainable strength to the Company and keeps Company away from the market volatilities. As 
far as this demand and supply condition of the Dyestuff is concerned, as I mentioned earlier in 
the last concall that markets are slowly and gradually improving. If you look at our this Q2 
concall and you can easily visualize that yes, there is a growth into the chemical business at least 
in Q3 which we are significantly looking for the stabilization, price betterment and stability of 
the raw material prices as well as the demand into the finished product prices. I believe that this 
will continue and will be in a normal stage somewhere by the end of quarter 1 of next financial 
year, but now I don’t see any prospectus or any chance of furthermore depression into the market. 
I am quite positive on the market and which I mentioned in my last concall also and we can see 
easily that the growth structure is visible in our Q3 results as far as the chemical vertical is 
concerned. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Last question about the outstanding of our subsidy the amount if you can tell me and secondly 
how much value of sales, we get out of our cattle feed item that is Di-Ammonium Phosphate or 
something like that which we manufacture? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir DCP in quarter 3 on consolidated basis we have sold around Rs. 13 crores. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Rs. 13 crores in the last 9 months? 
Punit Makharia: 
No, I am only telling you this is for Q3. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 10 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Q3 all alone the item which goes for cattle feed is worth Rs. 13 crores? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes, Rs. 13 crores. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
And subsidy amount if you can reveal outstanding subsidy to be received from government? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir we have to dig out the figure, but we will give it to you through our Investor Relations, which 
is not a problem. We are not having that figure handy with us right now. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
But we are getting it regularly, Sir not much a problem? 
Punit Makharia: 
Regularly received there are no issues into that. 
Sanjeev Damani: 
I would also congratulate you on fine management and very good performance financially and 
operationally. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, Sir. We take the next question from the line of Pravin Agarwal, an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead, Sir. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Sir, can you provide us a breakup of the chemicals into volumes for Acid and Dye and Dyestuff? 
Punit Makharia: 
Dyes and Dyes intermediate in Q3 FY24 is 3,600 tons. The dyestuffs and intermediate all put 
together is 3,600 tons in Q3 FY24. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
What will be for 9M FY24? 
Punit Makharia: 
9M FY24 is 9,900 and in the past 3 months this Q3 FY24 it is 3,600 this is the figure. 
Moderator: 
Next question is from the lines of Saket Kapoor from Kapoor and Company. Please go ahead, 
Sir. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Utilization levels for both the segments can be looked forward? 
Punit Makharia: 
Sir, as of now what I believe is yes, there is an improvement scope in this chemical segment. 
Sometimes I believe that there is at least improvement scope of around 12% to 15% in chemical 
segment, but if you talk about the fertilizer segment particularly the fertilizer segment, I think in 
the next season starting from May, June to September things will improve Mr. Kapoor. 
Saket Kapoor: 
From raw material front there is much relief in fertilizer that will add to the margins going ahead? 
Punit Makharia: 
I believe that in raw material front there is no relief in fertilizers, the reason being is this majority 
of the raw material in fertilizer is being imported and due to the nature of the raw material is that 
majorly we are depending on the imports and due to the logistic cost and tensions in the red sea 
what we read in the various newspapers on day-to-day basis logistic cost has gone up 
tremendously. So, we have to balance out not keeping high-cost inventories and balancing out 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 10 
looking at the market potentials we have to be very cautious. Now recently government has 
reduced the subsidy also in terms of fertilizers, so honestly speaking and looking at this 
environment issues specifically if I talk to you in this Northern India if you remember initially 
in May, June, July this entire Punjab and Haryana was under the flood if you remember so and 
this farmers agitation is going on, so major of this putting a lot of issues and we are closely 
watching the situation. I believe that in the coming few weeks fertilizer business should be 
improved and accordingly the pricing should be also stabilized, logistic cost should be also 
stabilized. 
Saket Kapoor: 
We are in the half of the quarter already we have done, so how do you see the environment in 
terms of the pricing and margins what we exhibited in December? What are the trends telling? 
Punit Makharia: 
If we talk about the fertilizer segment then very straightforwardly, I will say I am not seeing 
much visibility in the fertilizer business in these 1.5 months or in this quarter 4 because this now 
it is not a season. In this season whatever production, sales and dispatches are to be done is for 
the next season placement. What is the new subsidy policy of the government in the placement 
of the next season which will be known in the coming time, but if you want a very 
straightforward and honest answer from me then I would say that this current quarter 4 seems 
not much good in terms of fertilizers and in this quarter, I don’t expect any improvement from 
what is going on. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What is the trend towards chemicals? 
Punit Makharia: 
I believe it is not a problem, Sir chemical has already come to an improvement stage which is 
visible in our results also and in the coming times what I am able to see in chemical business I 
see that there is a good amount of demand and growth and as well as crisis has also started 
improving, demand has also started coming in. The same phase will come even for the fertilizers 
also probably not in this quarter but maybe in the first quarter of next year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As you have mentioned in your presentation and in your opening remarks the Ratnagiri project 
is worth of Rs. 106 crores, Sir what capacity would be augmented and what kind of turnover 
ratio the chemical mix is going to be? And how long will it take for us to complete the CAPEX? 
Punit Makharia: 
This CAPEX is in two different segments, one segment is of chemical and other is of fertilizers 
and these both CAPEX will be improving A) in part of the backward integration for which we 
already have 6 stages backward-forward integration and this would be the seventh stage of the 
backward-forward integration another is towards the fertilizers and this new fertilizer expansion 
will totally turnaround the image of the Company and if you talk about the topline then I don’t 
count on the sales revenue of the backward integration because there is no sense in counting that, 
but if I talk about the other product then somewhere from Unit 6 a topline growth of Rs. 400 
crores should come on the basis of almost 65%, 70% utilization in the first year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Till when this CAPEX will be commissioned? 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 10 
Punit Makharia: 
This is a big CAPEX, so some time will be required. It will take at least 1.25 year. We will try 
to complete it till March FY25 rest the time will tell because immediately after completing our 
first phase of CAPEX of Rs. 175 crores from internal accrual now we have taken up a new 
CAPEX that too also our efforts will be to complete it through our internal accruals. If I talk as 
on date, then Company has almost Rs. 100 crores non-lien investments. We have time till 1.25 
to 1.5 years. The Company doesn’t have any term loan, there is no loan against the Company, 
so we believe that within 1.25 Company should be able to generate sufficient amount of money 
plus promoter has also placed a Rs. 15 crores warrant towards the same expansion, so this is 
already Rs. 115 crores and the rest the Company will generate it in one and a quarter year, we 
will see later if rest we have to balance out, otherwise we will complete this new second phase 
CAPEX also through internal accruals. 
Saket Kapoor: 
This year itself this Rs. 95 crores to Rs. 100 crores will put in CAPEX for Unit 5? 
Punit Makharia: 
It is very hard to say, as the work progresses it will be done, but there is no possibility of stopping 
any work for money. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir what I mean to say is that what factors you will see in the CAPEX and CAPEX will be 
completed in a time-bound manner? 
Punit Makharia: 
The target is of one and a quarter year, there is no chance of Rs. 95 crores this year. It is very 
simple we are doing a CAPEX of Rs. 106 crores, where we would invest 90% immediately? 
When we give money for machineries, we don’t give the full amount after a successful operation 
trial only we give the full money. And here something would be generating additional cash also 
during this operation next year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
As you are saying that with the completion of this CAPEX it will be a game changing aspect for 
the Company, so earlier our gross profit margin used to be like we are seeing an overall dip 
because of the market conditions, so in which trajectory you are seeing the gross profit margins? 
Punit Makharia: 
I think what you want to ask, are you sure that we will go back to our old times wherein from 
14% to 16% EBITDA levels and a range of around 10% PAT level, I clearly have a vision to 
see in next financial year. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the 5.5% which we are in this quarter? 
Punit Makharia: 
We cannot take this 5.5% as historically. The time is different, and I believe in a conservative 
approach. Sometimes it is better to do nothing, sometimes it is better to walk slowly. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, I agree with you, and you also told in previous 2 quarters that we are at bottom and from 
here our numbers will not be weak anymore and it is showing like that also even though 
everything is showing negative, still we are reporting consistent set of numbers. 
Punit Makharia: 
Let me try to explain one more thing to you in this that chemical segment is in improvement, 
fertilizer segment is towards dip and if you see any other peer competitor you can see negative 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 10 
results in them where in some positive is there somewhere within us even though there is a dip 
compared to the last period and we have to be very careful. I believe in pertaining of one strategy 
that one wrong decision in business may keep you out of the business for ever. So, we have built 
a business with great effort and if the time is not good then move a little more cautiously. 
Saket Kapoor: 
The topline which we are seeing this year for 9 months in that one minus growth is there, so at 
the end of the year as you were telling the trend, this percentage gain for 9 months will we be 
able to maintain this traction for the year as a whole? 
Punit Makharia: 
I think that in the entire financial year somewhere we should be 725 plus. 
Saket Kapoor: 
On consolidated level? 
Punit Makharia: 
Yes, on consolidated level. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And the margin profile that we have kept in 9 months? 
Punit Makharia: 
There won’t be much change in it. You just understand this. It is not going to change drastically. 
The time will tell, I can’t say anything right now, but I don’t see slipping it down further. 
Saket Kapoor: 
One request is there like we see that our numbers are coming in fag-end like 13, 14 when the 
quarter ends like window is closing in next couple of days? 
Punit Makharia: 
Our CFO is sitting in front of us to ask him. 
Saket Kapoor: 
CFO, Sir the question is towards you, I propose to bring our numbers by 20 days, 25 days, or 
maximum 30 days after the quarter ends as this will improve our attitude towards investors plus 
this fag-end there is lots of rush. 
Deepak Beriwala: 
You are absolutely right and every time we are trying to do in that direction only and I am sure 
we will be able to do as per the expectation at least in the next quarter. Every time I say that why 
should we do in the last time let us do it before. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, Sir at the last moment a lot of rush is there and yours is a quality management. This is not 
bracket for you, kindly review it, Sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pravin Agarwal an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead, Sir. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
I was asking that our current capacity utilization both in the chemical division as well as fertilizer 
division how much it will be right now? 
Punit Makharia: 
Chemical division somewhere is around 65% to 70%. And fertilizer division in today‘s date is 
almost around 40%. 

 
Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited 
February 14, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 10 
Pravin Agarwal: 
What is the utilization we are expecting on this next year-to-year basis? 
Punit Makharia: 
Under chemical I believe that there is a scope of growth of almost 10% and under fertilizer there 
is a scope of growth of almost 20%-25%. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Sir are you saying this for the next year or for 2 years? 
Punit Makharia: 
No, I am talking about next year. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
Sir I heard a bit of what you were saying regarding Unit 6 and missed some. Who will this Unit 
6 feed? Will it feed our fertilizer division or our chemical division? 
Punit Makharia: 
Basically, in Pushkar two types of expansions are coming, one backward integration is coming 
in chemical and another is coming in fertilizer business, so the backward integration will support 
our existing business which we will be producing our own raw materials for that and the one 
which is coming in fertilizer segment that we will be catering to the market. 
Pravin Agarwal: 
In Unit 6 both is happening? 
Punit Makharia: 
One is coming in Unit 5 and other is coming in Unit 6. This is coming in Unit 5. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, which was the last question for the day. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to Mr. Punit Makharia for closing comments. 
Punit Makharia: 
Thank you everyone for joining our Q3 and 9M FY24 Earnings call. If you have any further 
questions, please feel free to connect with our Investor Relation Advisor Churchgate Partners 
and we will be happy to address all your queries. Thank you very much. Have a safe day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Shree Pushkar Chemicals & Fertilisers Limited that concludes this 
conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
 
Notes:  
1. 
This transcript has been edited for readability and does not purport to be a verbatim record of the proceedings  
2. 
Figures have been rounded off for convenience and ease of reference  
3. 
No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written 
consent of Shree Pushkar Chemicals and Fertilisers Limited 
 
