AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
Regd. Office & Mysuru Unit : 
Hootagalli Industrial Area, Off Hunsur Road, Mysuru – 570 018, Karnataka, India 
 
Telephone : 91-821-719 7500, Fax : 91-821-2402451 
 
Email : sec@autoaxle.com, Website : www.autoaxle.com 
CIN : L51909KA1981PLC004198 
ISO 9001:2015 / IATF 16949 : 2016, EMS : ISO : 14001:2015 & OHSAS : ISO : 45001 : 2018 
 
  
7th February 2024 
 
The BSE Limited                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                        Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G- Block                    
Dalal Street                                               Bandra (E)  
Mumbai – 400 001                                       Mumbai – 400 051 
Scrip Code: 505010                                   Scrip Code: AUTOAXLES 
                                     
Attn: Listing Department 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Analyst / Investor Conference Call Transcript. 
 
In continuation to our earlier intimation dated 1st February 2024 regarding Intimation 
of Analyst / Investor Conference Call and with reference to Regulation 30 read with 
Schedule III, Part A, Para 15 (b)(ii) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015 enclosed herewith Transcript of Analyst/Investor 
Conference Call conducted to discuss on the ‘Automotive Axles Limited 3Q 9M FY23 
Financial Performance Discussion’ held on Monday, 05th February 2024 at 12:00 PM 
(IST). 
 
The Transcription and audio recordings of the same is available on the website of the 
Company https://www.autoaxle.com/Analyst_Investor_Meet.aspx  
 
This is for your information and record. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours Truly, 
 
For Automotive Axles Limited 
 
 
 
Debadas Panda 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
 
 
 
 
 
~
MERITOR 
DEBADAS 
PANDA
Digitally signed by 
DEBADAS PANDA 
Date: 2024.02.07 14:15:42 
+05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
                                                                                                   
 
 
“Automotive Axles Limited 
3Q FY'24 Result Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. NAGARAJA GARGESHWARI – PRESIDENT AND 
WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR – AUTOMOTIVE AXLES 
LIMITED 
MR. MUTHUKUMAR N. – INDIA LEADER, CUMMINS-
MERITOR – AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
MR. RANGANATHAN S. – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
AUTOMOTIVE AXLES LIMITED 
Aut,o,mo,tive Axles Lim ·tedl 
Auto,motive Axles Lim ·tedl 
AJ;~c 
Ho R 
B&K SECURIT IES 
WE L\IDLRST\.\D J\10.\LY 
L 
L ' 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. SAILESH RAJA – BATLIVALA & KARANI 
SECURITIES INDIA PRIVATE LIMITED 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Automotive Axles 3Q FY '24 Results 
Earnings Conference Call, hosted by Batlivala & Karani Securities India Private Limited. As a 
reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode, and there will be an opportunity 
for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the 
conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Sailesh Raja: from Batlivala & Karani Securities India 
Private Limited. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes. Thanks, Kiran. Good afternoon, and thanks to everyone who has logged into Automotive 
Axles 3Q and 9 months FY '24 Earnings Conference Call. Today, we have the senior 
management team. We will be hearing from Mr. Muthukumar N., India leader, Cummins-
Meritor, Mr. Nagaraja, President and Whole-Time Director, Automotive Axles Limited; and Mr. 
Ranganathan S., CFO, Automotive Axles Limited. 
I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Muthukumar for the opening remarks. Followed by 
Q&A. Sir, you may begin now. 
Muthukumar N.: 
Thank you, Sailesh. Good morning, ladies, and gentlemen. Thanks for joining for the 
Automotive Axles' Investor call today. We really appreciate your time and looking forward to 
giving an answer to most of your questions. I have with me my colleague, Nagaraja and Ranga. 
And Ranga will share with you the last quarter financial year-to-date financials. And then we 
are here to take the questions from you. Over to you, Mr. Ranga. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Thank you Muthu and a very good morning to you all. Thanks for taking your time and 
participating in the third earnings call of Automotive Axles Limited for financial year '23-'24. 
We are glad to present the financial performance for Q3 and for the 9 months ended December 
2023. 
So before we start the financial performance, I just wanted to -- happy to share with all of you 
like Automotive Axles has been awarded the TPM Excellence Award. We are going through 
this journey for the last 2 years. And it's our pride to announce that a good recognition for overall 
the production systems and their interconnectivity and their system working around Automotive 
Axles. So it's a very prestigious one in the milestone of Automotive Axles' journey. I just wanted 
to share this with all the investors. 
With this introduction, I just take you through the quarterly performance. The quarterly 
performance for this quarter, we did about INR545 crores, and as compared to the previous year, 
the same quarter were INR657 crores. And EBITDA is close to about INR622 crores as 
compared to INR791 crores, close to about 20% to 21% dip. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Over to the volume, what we have performed in this quarter, I think to that level, except for the 
impact on the fixed cost absorption, we are holding up to the performance for the rest of the 
year. PBIT is close to 9.6 for this quarter and the same year last quarter is about -- for Q2 last 
year is about 6.79. And so with this, the YTD 9 months performance, if we really look at it, we 
did about INR1,668 crores, more or the same level as compared to last year, we are slightly up 
by 2% in terms of the 9-month performance. 
If we really look at it, the EBITDA, we are at 11.6 compared to last year, we are up by 5%. In 
terms of percentage, we did about 11.6% as compared to 11.2%, and PBIT is concerned, we 
have got about 9.8% as compared to 9.2%. In terms of absolute values, we are up by 9%. So the 
volume is totally driven to the market and so probably, we're not showing significant growth in 
the top line. 
Nevertheless, we are trying to see a cut over the last year, we wanted to show some overall top 
line growth. But nevertheless, if you really look at it, our efforts, continuous efforts, all these 
years, we are going through a mission '25, our EBITDA has improved and protected. 
And we continued to focus on I mean all the cost reduction, cost control and profit improvement 
programs. And definitely, our marketing under the leadership of Muttu is working with all the 
customers to ensure and improve our business share with each customer and try to maximize the 
revenue for the organization. 
So with this introduction, and I'll probably open the floor for the questions, if any. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have our first question from the line of Radha. 
Radha: 
Sir, my first question is on the industry perspective. So we are seeing that the trend in developed 
countries like North America is that the CV players, they outsource 100% of the axle 
manufacturing to independent manufacturers like us. 
So we believe that in India also gradually the industry will lean towards this global trend. So 
how has that panned out in the last 2 to 3 years? So for example, VE CV recently has announced 
its foray into small commercial vehicle segment. So whether more CV players are going for 
independent axle manufacturers? And how is the state of the industry as of now? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Thank you Radha for asking that question. You are right. I think that globally the trend of OEMs 
are with the electrification for new power vehicles are coming, whether it's hydrogen, hydrogen 
fuel cell, most of them want to drop their development initiatives on the conventional axle and 
trying to give it to an axle player. 
This is what the global trend that's starting, but not in India. So the main reason for that is, in the 
2018, '19, most of the Indian OEMs, which has axle manufacturing by themselves had to meet 
the huge capacity and Indian market has not crossed the 2018 volume in terms of the number of 
vehicles, of course, in the pandemic, we have crossed it. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
So the situation has not come, and you know the global survey. I think about the -- how the 
adoption of electrification or the new power fuels in India, it talks about the segment where we 
are playing, Automotive Axles like 7 points above on medium and heavy commercial. They talk 
about 10% to 15% by 2032 due to what the latest survey says on electrification. 
So I'm sure that the trend will come, but whether it's not the question of whether it will come. It 
is going to be when it will come, maybe, '25, '26, OEMs will start making it if the market is 
going to cross 500,000 vehicles, which we believe that it will happen by 2028 in commercial 
vehicle market. 
And at that point of time, when there is no capacity, they will outsource with axles to outside 
and also start investing on -- depending on the technology at that point of time on electrification 
or fuel cells and something. 
So this situation is little fluid, but the government is doing a lot of support in terms of the bus 
for the electrification and you know our presence in bus is very less, but unfortunately, the bus 
axles are being sold. Electrification of bus axles are sold at a very high subsidy. So it's a question 
of the technology breakthrough has to come to make the cost almost neutral with the current 
technology. I think that is where the market is going to pick up, and that is where it will cross 
the 15% threshold by 2032. It will come, but it's a question of when it will come. We believe 
that it's not going to come before '26, '27. Hope that answers your question. 
Radha: 
Sir, what is the confidence that the OEM, s will not expand the capacities any further? And will 
resort to given the contracts through independent manufacturers like us? 
Muthukumar N.: 
I can't say that I think that has to be answered by OEM. We can't answer for the OEM strategy, 
but we believe that being an actual expert, will do further investments on this because their focus 
will be on the new generation vehicle. You touched upon the point on VECV announcing their 
small commercial vehicle, for information, we are not present in that segment. 
Radha: 
It is helpful. The second thing from a finance perspective, the industry has crossed FY '19 peak 
level. So going forward, if at all, there is a slowdown or a down cycle in the CV industry, we 
seemed to be better place at this time given that we have announced entering into the 7.5x to 16x 
segment and already we have customers as well in this segment. And other than that, we also 
have defense customers. So I wanted to know what percentage of your revenue is coming from 
this segment? And how has the mix changed as compared to the previous peak of FY '19? And 
any other plans that can help us mitigate through this cycle? 
Muthukumar N.: 
See commercial vehicle market ups and downs will come, and we have seen in the last 3 cycles 
any time when the market goes down, we are always ahead of market in terms of this. Whatever 
the new generation actions that have been launched after 2019, your company doesn't take in 
full be it a 55 ton with the largest [inaudible] in place of axle because of 185. We are going in 
for a deeper with a higher tonnage and higher ring gear size. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
All these new product developments have been done. But of course, I don't want to comment 
anything on to the segmentation, share what we have and all because it's highly complex. But 
the one thing that I can tell you is the market is moving towards more of a tractor trailer from 
the rigid trucks where we are present. 
And of course, 15-to-19-ton vehicle whatever you said is also we have present in both the 
customers. But other than that, I don't -- it's extremely challenging for us to fit that into segment 
rate sales or the sales between different countries. Ranga, if you want to add, please add that. 
Ranganathan S.: 
No, good. 
Radha: 
In previous con calls, in our conversations, you had mentioned that aftermarket margins are 
better for our company. But what I understand is the kind of products that we have, the product 
into design, to sustain the entire life cycle of the vehicle. So could you please explain what are 
the products that we are talking about that we tell the aftermarket and where the margins are 
better? 
Muthukumar N.: 
See, the bigger challenge, there is a general perception with the aftermarket are better profitable. 
No doubt, aftermarkets are better profitable, but you also have a lot of additional cost in terms 
of reaching to the customers, your channel partners and all. 
Having said that, one side, we are improving our product reliability to meet the OEM demand. 
Most of the customers who buy vehicles from OEM and you know the trend in the commercial 
vehicle market today is 6 years and 6 lakh kilometers. And people are talking about 1 million 
cycles in the days to come. With an advent of technology, with an advent of data analysis that's 
available digitalization every company is looking at how to enhance the product. 
And at the same time, we wanted to penetrate more into aftermarket. This is a typical -- once the 
product reliability is up and up, your aftermarket sales is going to be there. So we are trying to 
look into an innovative way that what are the other things that we can sell. We are even talking 
about remanufacturing of some of the axles to make sure that the total cost of ownership for the 
end fleet operator comes down. 
So it will always be a chicken or egg situation in this. But nevertheless, I would say that we will 
always stay focused on to the customer and whatever brings value to the customer, of course, 
and all the stakeholders, we will do the right thing, which is good for the market, which is good 
for the country. 
Radha: 
Understood. Any new customer additions in this quarter or last 2 quarters in defense or the 
private, NCV buses exports and has the export mix increased from 15% in the quarter? 
Muthukumar N.: 
I would say -- I will answer on the customers, so do you know the NCV are supplying 4 major 
players, 5 major players in commercial vehicle and we can't have a product addition, but 
definitely not a customer addition in counter or something in terms of business. I think that what 
is happening to this. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
In terms of exports, as you all know that we are exporting only to the Meritor and not directly to 
any of the customers because we are making axles and actual components and subsystems to the 
global Meritor. So we are adding the product nevertheless, and we are -- the exports have grown 
even though we don't see directly the number, I think it is about 1.8x Ranga? 
Ranganathan S.: 
Yes, Muttu. 
Muthukumar N.: 
It's about 1.8x of previous year, so exports growing, that is why even though the market -- 
domestic market has dropped, our domestic market has light, flat and come down, at least we 
are able to -- little better in terms of performance. But not -- I wouldn't be able to say that there 
is any specific addition of customers on to this. 
Radha: 
Sir, exports we also have Volvo as a customer? 
Muthukumar N.: 
It's a only customer, not Volvo, now it has become Now, it has become UD Trucks of Isuzu, 
Thailand, where we are supplying to them. Our agreement -- we had earlier an agreement 
complete closure by 2024. Now it is extended up to 2027. We are supplying axles and brakes to 
them. 
We are supplying to the customer where Meritor is not directly competing. Okay. And this is to 
the Thailand facility where we are supplying. It is in the region, where Meritor is present, they 
are supplying to them. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, so you'd mentioned that our aim is to become #1 player in brakes as compared 
to the #2 player right now. So how do we see the change in product mix spanning out due to 
this? And does brake have lower margins as compared to axles? And how will the overall margin 
change if the change happens in the product mix? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Okay. There are 2 things aspiration of growth meeting the #1, yes, we are on the target, we are 
moving in, as you know, brakes are at a lesser margin, it is definitely going to have an impact. 
But at some point in time, it's not the question of margin but your aspirations will be in terms of 
top line, and we continue to keep growing. We continue to increase penetration of brakes with 
both the largest joints, and we are on target moving towards that. 
Whether if you see whether it's have an impact on the overall profitability because we are adding 
at existing volume and definitely with the adoption of fixed cost, I don't think we'll be able to -- 
we'll be diluting the existing margin just because of increasing the brakes shift. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Shridhar Kallani from Axis Securities Limited. 
Shridhar Kallani: 
So one question from our side. One of the rating agencies is projecting that the commercial 
vehicle industry will decline by 4% to 7% in FY '25. And in the last call, we said that we expect 
a single-digit growth in FY '25. So what is your general view on the industry per se what kind 
of growth you expect in FY '25 or degrowth. Any color on that? 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Muthukumar N.: 
The market has been predicting that in FY '25, the market will grow down by about 8% to 10% 
is what has been prediction, what has been said even during FY '23. Basically because the U.S. 
market, North American market has started coming down or they were predicting that the market 
will come down and you know the Europe capability come down by about 10%. 
But we believe with a very, very strong factorable India in terms of stability, in terms of inflation, 
or in terms of infrastructure spend, or in terms of the government policies, in terms of 
infrastructure. When I say we, this is based on the feedback from the various OEMs. If not 
growth, I think the market will be flat for next year. I think this is what we have all been 
predicting. 
Last year, when the same, I think, 3, 4 quarters before when most of you asked that this year 
itself it's going to drop, we said flat or up to 7%, 8%, single digit. But now it looks like the 
market is flat. In fact, last quarter, there was an apprehension that the market will go down. Yes, 
it did go down in December, there is a problem concerned, right? But of course, we believe that 
the full year will be market will be flat. And next year also, we believe that the market will be 
flat before it takes on to the higher thing. 
But please I wanted to bring it to your notice when we are talking about flat, it is only in terms 
of the number of vehicles. In terms of tonnage, most of the OEMs are doing higher tonnage, so 
higher value-added product is what going on, the availability of tonnage vehicle, we are already 
growing. 
Shridhar Kallani: 
Understood sir. So if we take care of tonnage then from an EBITDA margin perspective, is it 
safe to assume that we will be able to maintain our margins and any color on commodity outlook 
going forward for next quarter? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Sustaining margin if the volumes remain flat, yes, I think we'll have challenges, but the 
continuous improvement, the plant team, what the operations team is doing is extremely helping 
us to sustain our profitability. Of course, we are not meeting our ambitious growth target. 
In terms of -- that's the first question and second thing you asked the question on the commodity. 
After about 3 or 4 quarters and the commodities have started coming down, we see from this 
December, the steel prices are set to go up, okay? It's already -- the first settlement of steel price 
is going up, has been settled. 
But nevertheless, I wanted to bring it to your notice like earlier what we've got in. The 
commodity up and down is basically an adjustment that we do, it's a back-to-back, and your 
company will not have a major impact due to commodity increase or decrease. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Chetan Dhruva. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
One question, sir, regarding results of this quarter. There has been a Y-o-Y decline -- sorry, I'm 
sorry, I missed your initial part of the address. So I just wanted to know why there was a decline 
if the market was flat, was it a temporary loan or some phenomena, which not visible to us. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Muthukumar N.: 
Yes. If you see the first 2 quarters we were on target in the market. Last quarter, if you have 
seen, the volume was flat, but the inventory correction has happened in all the OEMs in terms 
of the sale, so the actual production last quarter has been less. I think that's the reason for our 
drop. It's a momentum. It will pick up this quarter because the inventory has to be in the pipeline 
back. People thought that the market will drop and most of the OEMs have dropped their 
production and inventory was brought down. I think that's the reason. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
All right. So is it really picking up in this year? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Yes. Last month of January, we did better, so OEMs are still the same. See, I think one thing 
that the OEM did good is they have controlled their inventory. They brought down their pipeline 
shelves and made the sales as a flat, though the production has dropped. So inventories have 
come down, it's only short term. If you see our drop, I think Ranga was telling that we are almost 
flat between last year and this year, it's only the inventory adjustment and not much. I think this 
quarter, we're already picking up, right Ranga?. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Yes. Overall, for the 9 months, subject to the commodity, we are about -- actually about 2% up 
on the revenue. 
Muthukumar N.: 
I think that's the number. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
Thanks for clarification. So there's no systemic... 
Muthukumar N.: 
The market is changing a lot. Suddenly, the bus is picking up a lot because of the government 
subsidy and everybody is under pressure to sell it before this quarter. And so those are the small, 
small segmental changes, which will have an impact here and there, but by and large, overall we 
don't feel with a very, very strong product background with a very strong operational 
performance in terms of delivery and quality. We continue to grow. Our aspiration, we all know, 
growing doubling the market growth. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
So overall for the year, we see us doing around high single digits in terms of revenues? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Sorry sir? 
Chetan Dhruva: 
Overall for the year, do you see the company doing at least high single digits in terms of growth? 
Muthukumar N.: 
This year, it all depends on the February how the OEMs are going to do it. They are going to put 
the inventory on to 0, completely 0, then it may be almost flat, right, Ranga. It looks like it's a 
flat point of time. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Absolutely, absolutely. 
Muthukumar N.: 
The market is operating at much, much lower than the capacity available. So people will be able 
to flexibly play. If you are running at the brim, then people will not take a chance. Today, even 
by dropping production in December by 40% companies are able to increase the production in 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
January because we have a huge capacity that's available. You know what's happening in tractor 
industry and enough capacity is available in the casting, foundry, forging.  
The supply chain is not at a risk. So people are very, very cost conscious and people will keep -
- conserve the cash even we are doing that conserving the cash at this point in time and restricting 
our expenses and making sure that we are preferred even in the case of anything worst happened. 
So with that situation, everybody is playing very, very cautious, and that is going to have an 
impact a little bit here and there. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
So this is... 
Muthukumar N.: 
Post May, June when the elections are over, I think the full spread budget is going to come and 
what is going to be the talk for improving it, all the things where it comes, it will definitely help. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Just to add one more point, what Muthu said, last -- if you see last year of '22, '23, after the 
COVID year, the major recovery for year as far as [MH] CV is concerned, really if you see the 
Q3 is substantially improved compared to the previous year at 75%. In the last year, revenue is 
concerned compared to the previous year, '21, '22. So -- but when you're saying that we are 
compared to the last quarter, the market is holding up to the same level. 
And as Muthu rightly said, we have to wait and watch how the OEMs are going to look at the 
market and manage inventory in February and March. Based on which, overall, we may be a flat 
or maybe marginal reduction can be there, depends on how the February/March is concerned. 
At this moment of time, we are anticipating at a flat revenue for the whole financial year as 
compared to the previous one. 
Chetan Dhruva: 
Appreciate and good luck for this quarter. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sailesh Raja from Batlivala & Karani Securities. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Sir, on the off-highway segment front, we have limited opportunities in the domestic market and 
as to [OEs] are actively producing axles for the existing model. So any talks with the domestic 
customers for their new models and also with the overseas customers to have reasonable scale 
in this particular product sir. 
Muthukumar N.: 
See, off highway, as you rightly said, most of the OEMs which are making vehicle, they've 
integrated and they are manufacturing by themselves. The JCB who holds majority of the Indian 
market in offering business. Maybe talking to them about some supplies of components and all. 
Again, it depends on the overall -- the value addition what we are going to do and end up on the 
aspiration for top line and bottom line where we are going to go before. 
This -- also market is a very tricky in terms of paying that the product that's available in India is 
completely different from what is there in global. The same vehicle is not there. So any actions 
or component that you develop for India market, you can't export it back because like the JCB 
vehicle backhaul is very prominent in India, it's not across any other country. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
So we need to have a huge product development, if you want to go for a global and then do this 
and need a huge investment to in terms of creating a capacity. We are working on a strategy 
update on whether we should invest at one point of time on this. And please note that India is 
becoming a favourable destination for global and even global Meritor is looking at what we can 
do more in India. 
So all these discussions are on, but maybe at this point in time, I'm not able to give you more 
information on this, but your company is working on to see with how we can penetrate into that 
segment. But maybe, gentlemen, I wanted to remind you, it needs a huge investment in terms of 
CapEx and also in terms of the engineering time on product development because you need a 
huge pipeline of product development to be done. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. Sir, with Tata Motors, can you please update that the current share of business? I 
understand you don't share this number. Can you give some index number, say, 2 years back, 
say, it was 100? And how much it is now on? How do you see share of business going forward 
next 2, 3 years? 
Muthukumar N.: 
We don't supply anything to Tata Motors in terms of axles at this point of time other than some 
different actions and some unique bus axles, front axles for low-floor bus, but which doesn't 
come as a part of the share because it's the front axles. But in terms of brakes, I can tell you that 
we have grown up by 40% when compared to what was the base index a year before. What we 
were in 2020, 2021, now we are about 40% up in brakes. I think that's what I can tell you. 
Tata has a huge capacity that set up. And after Cummins has taken over Meritor, we have been 
working very closely with Tatas to find it out, but you know the equation when somebody has 
the capacity and then not running into the full, with the management key [decisions]. But we are 
asking them to find out how to provide a solution, which will make a win-win relationship 
between them. So your company continues to work with Tata to see how we can penetrate or 
how we can add, provide a value-added solution for it. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Okay. that [inaudible] that in 2, 3 years' time. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Sailesh, your voice was breaking. 
Sailesh Raja: 
You can hear me? 
Moderator: 
Yes. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Yes. Similarly, can you give us index number for the exports 2 years back and how much it is 
now? And what kind of growth you are seeing in export for the next 2, 3 years? And also 
[inaudible] customer mix how this will change? 
Muthukumar N.: 
Ranga, can you provide that index on export? I remember 1.8, but you can give the exact number 
in terms of? 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Ranganathan S.: 
Yes, it will be roughly around -- I see last 3 years before, now the index is close to about 1.5x 
minimum I would say that. As Muttu was indicating that, year-on-year, we are seeing a growth 
at this moment of time between 10% to 12%. And, but nevertheless, we are working on the long-
term strategies with multi-global, definitely, that's going to be a priority and a focused area. And 
definitely, we will try to maximize and try to do the best in the export. That's what our plan at 
this moment. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Radha. 
Radha: 
So I wanted to understand that in the previous peak NCV industry cycle, we have done INR150 
crores capex expanded in both axles and brake capacity. So also around that time, we had 
introduced new products in the suspension. Any plans to do new products in this peak cycle and 
maybe anything in terms of new products that we can add? 
Muthukumar N.: 
See, in terms of 2018, we did about like INR130 crores, INR140 crores capacity, and that is 
what has made us to grow from. If you see our revenue in 2018 at that point of time. And now 
we have grown more than about 30%, 40%, even when the market is about 20% less. I think that 
is an effect of what we have done. 
Also, we have spent huge money at this point of time in terms of product development. And I 
wanted to be very, very happy to share with you that today whatever the products that are running 
today, more than 60% of that are the new launches that we have done, which has substantially 
increased the reliability of the product, like what we are talking about doubling our warranties 
and all. So whatever the investment that we have done has really helped us in terms of 
penetrating into the market, that is where we have grown better than the market growth. 
If you ask us today, whether we have a capacity, yes, last time we answered to you that we are 
still not running at 100%, we have capacities available, we can expand the business. But if you 
say whether it's the same capacity, whether you can produce off way in those products, those are 
the specialty products need a specialized achievement. I hope I answered your question. Ranga 
can provide you what is the current utilization of the plant. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Yes, we are actually at -- the last quarter, if you look at it, we are at around 70% level. 
Radha: 
Okay, sir. Sir, lastly, so you mentioned that with the brake’s product mix changing, we'll also 
have reduction in fixed costs, etcetera. So in FY '23, we had achieved all-time low breakeven 
point of fixed cost versus 10% of sales. So we had also mentioned in our last peak that we are 
focusing on reducing conversion in material costs. So in terms of that, so how much more 
headroom is there to reduce cost? And how can we achieve that? 
Muthukumar N.: 
There's no limit for continuing -- I think our approach is about half cost approach, which we are 
operating. I think if you can see where we were in 2018 and now, I'm sure that you are the better 
analyst, you can put it together how we have progressed even after 5 years after COVID with 
challenging environment, the every company is talking about fixed, what are the challenges onto 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
it and of course, on conversion, we continue to progress on that. So you will be able to see how 
we have progressed. 
So we continue to keep progressing. If you ask me what is your target, are you going to move 
into the next level, it's difficult for me to set a target on saying that we are going to further bring 
it down like this. But one thing that they can show which is a continuous improvement, and we 
continue to keep optimizing our fixed costs and credible cost. I think Ranga, you can tell between 
2018 and now how we have progressed in terms of both. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Yes. See you really see -- there are 2, 3 things we need to see together. When you look at the 
P&L, one is about the lot of commodity which has come into the system. If we take a benchmark 
of '18, '19 and now and our internal assessment, definitely if we remove the commodity, the 
impact on as a percentage per se. And that is very significant improvement we have made in 
terms of -- both in terms of conversion costs as well as in terms of the metal cost optimization. 
Metal mark optimization is one of our primary goals of cost control, a cost sustaining strategy, 
what we are supporting it. 
Commodity is given -- we can't do anything about it as Muthu said, whatever be the commodity 
in the market that get reimbursed by the customers. So if we are able to maintain overall basis, 
without having an impact, that's a great achievement there. But I suppose we have our own 
assessment, we remove that commodity, we have very significantly improved our -- that is our 
operating performance, both for metal costs and conversion cost perspective. 
And at least 2% to 2.5% growth will definitely be seen. It's a rough cut, I'm saying that. So much 
effort has been gone in year-on-year because our focus has continued to be in the cost 
optimization strategies going forward. 
It's not that maybe some areas, we may be stagnant but most often, it's more dynamic as new 
product comes in and also the market dynamic changes, product modification happens. We 
always find opportunities to improve our cost and the cost especially metal cost, and we'll 
continue to work on it. And a quite significant piece of this metal cost benefit year-on-year 
improvisation of the cost is being achieved -- that's the reason the commodities or in spite of the 
low volumes, we are upholding barring the mix -- the product mix, we are upholding the product 
margin, if you see, that's how we are able to maintain the consistency. 
Moderator: 
As there are no further questions from the participants, I would now like to hand the conference 
over to the management for closing remarks. Over to you, sir. 
Muthukumar N.: 
Thank you Sailesh. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for the confidence 
that you put on our organization. As committed, we are -- I'm not saying that we are passing 
through a challenging time, but maybe the commercial vehicles and like 2-wheeler and 
passenger car going through the patches, and we will ensure that we continue to keep growth 
and bring value to our all the holders of this. 
Automotive Axles Limited 

 
 
Automotive Axles Limited
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Once again, thank you very much for taking time to join with the call and ask your questions. 
Your questions make us to shape us and then keep progressing. Thank you very much. Ranga, 
do you want to add anything, Ranga? 
Ranganathan S.: 
No. As Muthu said, we -- our growth will go in line with the market and our focus on cost 
optimization and operational excellence is continuously on, definitely, we try to grow our market 
in terms of the business share with the customers as well as in the aftermarket and the export 
business. That's a long-term opportunity we keep doing that. But definitely, we'll try to do our 
best outline with the market. 
Muthukumar N.: 
Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Batlivala and Karani Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for 
joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Ranganathan S.: 
Thanks. 
Sailesh Raja: 
Thank you. 
Automotive Axles Limited 
