Ref: SEC/ARIIL/BSE-NSE/2023-24 
 
 
                                                       Date: February 12, 2024 
 
The Bombay Stock Exchange Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai - 400 001  
 
 
Script Code: 513349 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
5th Floor, Exchange Plaza,  
Bandra Kurla Complex Bandra (East), 
Mumbai - 400051 
 
Script Code: AJMERA 
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Call 
 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find enclosed herewith a copy of the Transcript of Earnings Call held on 
February 6, 2024 on the Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the Quarter and Nine Months ended 
December 31, 2023. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For AJMERA REALTY & INFRA INDIA LIMITED 
 
 
 
KARTIK SHARMA 
COMPANY SECRETARY AND COMPLIANCE OFFICER  
 
Enc.: As above 
 
 
 
 
KARTIK 
SHARM
A
Digitally signed by KARTIK SHARMA 
DN: c=IN, o=Personal, title=8281, 
pseudonym=8F95EF2DB74829FC7EDE3
F8179F5C43C, 
2.5.4.20=f5f74539f96987ef7eb1637134
d5f8d594d890132e7763a14025d688e2
21d446, postalCode=302001, 
st=Rajasthan, 
serialNumber=5B115614913AE80EFAD
AC393377C0C5732AB1D60CE8797F6C1
D158534EE01A57, cn=KARTIK SHARMA 
Date: 2024.02.12 18:37:53 +05'30'

 
 
Page 1 of 16 
Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call” 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:            MR.  DHAVAL AJMERA - DIRECTOR 
                                             MR. NITIN BAVISI – CFO 
                                             MS. SONIA AGARWAL – SR. MANAGER - IR 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen. Good evening and welcome to Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited Q3 
and 9M FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
We have with us Mr. Dhaval Ajmera – the Director of the Company, Mr. Nitin D. Bavisi – the 
Chief Financial Officer and Ms. Sonia Agarwal – the Senior Manager for Investor Relations. 
Please note all the participant lines will be in the listen-only-mode and one can ask questions 
only after the presentation concludes. Should need assistance during the conference call, 
please signal for an operator by pressing ‘*’ then ‘0’ on your touchtone phone. Please note that 
this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Sonia Agarwal. Thank you and over to you. 
Sonia Agarwal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone, and a very warm welcome to you all. On behalf of the 
Company, I would like to thank you all for participating in Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited 
Earning Call for the 3rd Quarter of FY24.  
The call will commence with the Opening Remarks by the Director – Mr. Dhaval Ajmera and 
will be followed by the Business Performance discussion by our CFO – Mr. Nitin Bavisi. 
We have already shared the “Operational Updates” of the quarter in the second week of 
January. The Investor Presentation and the Press Release based on the Financial Results 
adopted by the Board have been uploaded on the Stock Exchange website and can be 
downloaded from our Company’s website.  
Please do note that some of the statements in today's discussion may be forward-looking in 
nature, reflecting the Company's outlook and may involve certain risks and uncertainties that 
the Company may face. 
I would now like to hand over the call to our Director – Mr. Dhaval Ajmera. Thank you and over 
to you, sir. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Thank you. Good evening and welcome everyone to our Earnings Call. 
I will begin my discussion with the overall macroeconomics and sector updates and then 
thereby taking you towards our Company's growth and forward charts.  
Just to look at the overall economic cycles: 
We've witnessed that Indian economy is demonstrating resilience and robustness in spite of 
this geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and the Ukraine, Russia, etc., but I think India is 

 
Page 3 of 16 
just moving in a growth trajectory and its form and it’s promising, positioning us as the fastest 
growing major economy, we are optimistic about the reduction in rates by the global central 
banks backed by RBI's policy rate adjustments which should help stimulate further growth and 
opportunities.  
This brings me to the key highlights of the interim budget which was just announced that the 
focus is on the infrastructure development and newly introduced housing schemes for the 
middle class is going to be a game changer in the real estate market. These measures are 
expected to spark a surge in residential demand and supply. 
The Government’s commitment to construct 2 crores homes under the PMAY rural scheme is 
also inching towards the agenda of Housing for All which is made by our Honorable Prime 
Minister.  
Furthermore, the tax incentives for home buyers and the remarkable 11.1% year-on-year 
growth   in the infrastructure outlay which is about INR 11 lakh crores shows a promising way 
runway of opportunities coming towards real estate although, there were no direct benefits 
towards real estate, but I think this infrastructure growth is one of the most defining growth 
for real estate market and wherever there is a great surge in infrastructure, we've always 
witnessed a good growth in the real estate market of that particular area.  
Coming back to MMR where we primarily operate: 
The recently opened Mumbai Trans Harbour Link, the Atal Setu Bridge, the construction and 
opening of the coastal road which is very near now in this coming month and the metro 
expansions are just paving ways for the growth in the real estate sector in different regions and 
definitely we are seeing this also happening in our projects and overall, as a real estate market.  
It gives me immense pleasure to report that our business has steadily maintained a robust 
performance across key metrics. In this quarter, we registered a decade-high quarterly revenue 
of INR 209 crores, a record-breaking achievement fueled by significant growth in sales and 
business development initiatives.  
We experienced a multifold jump in sales value to 2 times year-on-year and area sold to 1.5 
times. This dynamic momentum in sales can be largely attributed to our key projects of Ajmera 
Manhattan and Ajmera Eden, one in Wadala and one in Ghatkopar.  
Diving deep into our project update our premium residency project which is Ajmera Eden in 
Ghatkopar has recorded yet another successful quarter with half of its total inventory already 
being sold out. And just to tell you that as far as construction is concerned, we are steadily 
advancing towards it and we are just on the second floor where we started just about few 

 
Page 4 of 16 
months ago and we are advancing steadily in construction, but we are very happy to say that 
50% of the inventory sold out in that project.  
Our completed projects like the Ajmera Greenfinity in Wadala and Ajmera Sikova in Ghatkopar 
has now, very minimal inventory left for sale. The Ajmera Prive project in Juhu has reached its 
construction milestone of 11th floor slab and being the last stage of its RCC completion, and 
also we are looking at good inventory being sold and now the demand with project getting 
completed we are seeing a good inventory also being sold in the coming quarter.  
Ajmera Manhattan, which offers compact luxury apartments reported more than 60% of the 
inventory already being sold out. The project is at mid stage of completion with major work in 
progress happening at both the towers.  
Moving on from Mumbai to Bangalore, our affordable residential projects Ajmera Lugaano and 
Ajmera Florenza where about 80% of its inventory has been sold and is also under fast-track 
execution, we aim to deliver all our projects well before the committed RERA timelines. 
In the first half of FY24 we announced total of 7 new projects. In continuation with this we are 
happy that we are adding one more project in Bandra West, a joint development 
redevelopment with Rustomjee, and to deliver this luxury residential project we have an 
estimated GDV of about INR 760 crores and our share comes to about INR 380 crores. 
We are progressing steadily towards our INR 1,000 crores sales target and having already 
achieved INR 730 crores in the first 9 months and we are very confident that we will surpass 
this number in the coming quarter. We also have a development potential of about 1.16 crore 
square feet from our own land banks and these factors coupled with our business development 
efforts through redevelopment, joint ventures and strategic acquisitions will undoubtedly fuel 
our future growth.  
With this, I would like to say that we are inching very nearly towards our 5x growth mark and 
very soon with all these project developments and 8 new projects which has been announced 
now and with our existing portfolio we will definitely cross our target of 5x and very soon than 
what we had estimated. 
I would now like to hand over this conference to our CFO – Mr. Nitin Bavisi who will take you 
through the performance highlights. Thank you. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you Mr. Ajmera. Thank you everybody and a very warm welcome and good evening to 
you all. Before we move to the Q&A session allow me to summarize the compelling 
performance and the financials, we have delivered in the 3rd Quarter and 9 months of FY24.  

 
Page 5 of 16 
Starting with our operational performance for the quarter, our sales value lifted by 
considerable, almost doubling which is 98% precise YoY basis hitting INR 253 crores, and our 
sales area also witnessed 63% YoY growth reaching 1,03,573 square feet. Our collections hit 
INR 151 crores, a solid increase of 30% YoY primarily driven by sustained sales momentum and 
fast track execution getting into the next demands and execution-based collections.  
Addressing the financial figures, our total revenue zooms to 2.5x YoY to INR 209 crores. It is 
heartening to share that this represents the highest quarterly revenue in a decade. Our EBITDA 
stood at INR 62 crores up by 163% YoY and 55% QoQ resulting in an EBITDA margin of 30%. 
Our PAT reached at INR 30 crores which zoomed 3x on YoY comparison with the PAT margin of 
above 15%.  
This encouraging sales momentum is mainly attributed to our projects Manhattan and Ajmera 
Eden, the latter became revenue recognition eligible project in this very quarter.  
Coming to our performance in the 9-month basis FY24 our sales value reached INR 730 crore 
and the sales area touching 3,59,820 square feet. The collection stood at INR 373 crore and 
revenue for this particular period which is the 9-month period is INR 474 crore which 
represents a 47% YoY increase. Our EBITDA stood at INR 140 crores up by 41% YoY with the 
EBITDA margin of 30%. The PAT amounted to INR 74 crores increase of 31% YoY resulting a PAT 
margin of 16%. Our revenues and PAT already surpassed that of FY23 full year number basis 
the first 9 months year to date numbers. Keeping financial stability as the cornerstone of our 
focus we have successfully managed to sustain our debt levels at INR 785 crore and kept the 
debt equity ratio well below 1x as we have been aspiring and it is precisely at 0.94 is to 1. The 
weighted average cost of debt also stood at stable number because of the overall regulatory 
and the RBI keeping the rate in status quo basis. The weighted average cost is 12.3%. 
As Mr. Dhaval Ajmera mentioned earlier in this particular commentary our revenue potential 
of approximately INR 4,950 crores incorporates both our existing projects as well as upcoming 
launches. We foresee projects which are OC received contributing around INR 157 crore in the 
timelines of next about couple of quarters and listed projects portfolio is expected to 
contribute about INR 1,666 crore with the revenue visibility in the time span of about 30 
months.  
Our potential launches stood at INR 3,130 crore in terms of revenue visibility. The estimated 
net cash flow from our current portfolio is about INR 950 crore. 
With this concise summary our Business Highlights and Financial Performance, I would like to 
invite you all for the question, answers and further interactions about our numbers and 
business performance. Thank you all. 

 
Page 6 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have a first 
question from the line of Pritam Bota from Value Equity Capital. Please go ahead. 
Pritam Bota : 
So, I was asking is this quarter we had done a partnership with Rustomjee for a Bandra project. 
So, can we see such partnerships coming in the next quarter or do you have any immediate 
pipeline for such partnerships again? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
This is based on project to project and some opportunities which is coming our way. This was 
an opportunity which we both were envisaging and looking at and that's how we came into 
partnership to bring in a marquee project in that area. Well, we are open for opportunities and 
partnerships, but nothing in the near quarters coming right now. 
Pritam Bota : 
I just wanted to know how is the Kanjurmarg project spanning up and what is the sales potential 
for this project and wanted to know some more details with regards to its launch and what 
category you are looking out for this project? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Kanjurmarg project we are looking at all the approvals and everything which is under way. 
Overall it is a larger project which will have an overall potential of about 8 million square feet 
of carpet area which will come up in the near future, but we want to bring it in an overall holistic 
scheme of things. Some part of it which we may launch this financial year, but overall, we are 
envisaging that to launch this financial year, but overall we would like to unveil the entire plan 
once we are completely ready with the entire master plan with the complete details about 
commercial, residential and other sectors within the master plan. 
Pritam Bota : 
So, basically, in fact it would be a mixed match of commercial and residential? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes, it will be mixed because it's a large township. So, definitely it will have everything and not 
just residential. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a next question from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from HG Hawa & 
Company. Please go ahead. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
With so many launches of various developers being bunched together and as you may be 
noticing business cycles for most businesses have now become shorter in duration. So, what is 
the Company's Plan B if you know there is a just deterioration in overall sales volumes, are we 
looking at just cutting most of the ongoing bookings at a lower rate just to be very sure that we 
are not short of bookings after 2 - 3 years when all this supply comes together bunched up.  
Secondly, sir what is the sustainable initiatives that we are taking so that most residents who 
will now come and they may be very conscious of the sustainability aspect as regards energy 
and water. So, have you taken any kind of consultation from any world class architects or 
experts in this field. 

 
Page 7 of 16 
And third is sir any kind of new age technology or other improvements we have made in our 
construction so as to deliver much before competition or earlier? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, to answer your question number one over the last two years during the COVID, Mumbai 
Municipal Corporation had announced a 50% cut in their premiums and we had seen a spurge 
of premiums being paid by developers, which is where we are seeing a great amount of supply 
which is being seen in the market. This has already been 2 years plus when the premium cut 
was announced, and developers like us, and many others have paid premiums. Overall, we are 
seeing a good demand in the real estate cycle with the supply I really don't see that it will, at 
least with the way Indian economy is growing and with the kind of Mumbai infrastructure 
which is coming up, our take is very clear that Mumbai is becoming and regaining the financial 
capital strength which probably to an extent was reduced over the last few years and now with 
so much of infrastructure coming I think there has been a great demand all across and at least 
we are buoyant about the sales in the coming few years in particularly Mumbai region across. 
And overall as I said the Indian economy is looking very good. People are confident holistically 
about our country and that's why every sector is seeing a great growth. So, I don't see too much 
of dip coming in terms of pricing, yes, there might be a little bit of up and down in demand 
supply, but overall it looks positive. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
With due respect my question was that the business cycle in almost every business has become 
short due to communication is being so seamless and the world overall also becoming fast. 
What used to happen in a century is happening in a decade and what was happening in a 
decade is happening in a year.  
So, what is our Plan B if this spurt doesn't last too much, what you're saying is also correct that 
for 2 years we are saying that it will slow down, but it could be that I want to know what kind 
of preventive action we are taking. So, the Company doesn't go into a kind of cash flow trap? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, if you really look at most of our project acquisitions which we have done now and with our 
current pipeline if you really look at it, we have a lot of about more than 50% - 60% of our 
inventory which is coming from our own land bank which is already preowned. 
Number two, most of our new projects which we are doing is either a redevelopment or a JV 
or a SRA project or something like that, where the investments in land has been very, very 
miniscule or less. So, if you really look at our entire cash flow and secondly most of our projects 
which we are currently doing where we have a faster turnaround time, we are envisaging every 
project which we take now should be finished or closed within 2-to-3-year cycle.  
So, with that kind of a turnaround time we are mindful about our cash flows being maintained 
well and being there. Yes, definitely if there has been tomorrow if we really see a lot of negative 
splurge coming in the market and demand definitely just been becoming very, very low. 

 
Page 8 of 16 
Obviously, everyone will have to take the burn of it, but the advantage that stands to us is that 
our land banks are all already paid for and nothing is there in the debt form. So, we stand to be 
stronger than others number one. So, that is where we probably stand more advantages to it. 
So, that's what I wanted to answer.  
Secondly, as far as your sustainability homes are concerned, we at Ajmera I am now making 
every home of our green homes. We are very, very mindful of our sustainability, all our projects 
are going to be and will be certified green homes.  
So, in terms of our all our materials, all our block works or whatever construction materials and 
other materials which we take are absolutely sustainable as per the sustainable norms and with 
the kind of technology and the movements which are happening in the market, and we already 
have a research team within our group itself which constantly monitors the latest technology 
for construction for probably sales value or any technological advancement which comes up in 
the real estate cycle.  
We are trying to update ourselves every quarter or every year to ensure that we are up in the 
market to ensure for faster delivery and better efficiency because that is where we'll actually 
help us win the game and this is what we have a team which constantly thrives towards 
betterment of the projects. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
And sir about any kind of new age construction methods that we have specifically taken and if 
you would just be able to explain what is our management structure at this point of time, who 
amongst the family is still involved in the business and have we taken on any kind of high level 
professionals in our team also? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, well, as far as technology are concerned there are lot many which we do it whether small 
or big, but it is too technical for us to answer. We can obviously get on an offline for 
understanding more technological for construction purpose. As far as management is 
concerned, in our management we have a Chairman, Managing Director and a Whole Time 
Director plus obviously you must be seeing our Board of Directors with outside, Mr. KG 
Krishnamurthy, Ms. Aarti Ramani, and AC Patel.  
The day-to-day operations have been completely managed by the team of professionals which 
is from the CFO to the GM to everybody in every different field of construction, finance, 
planning, human resources, etc.  
So, we completely are having a full set of professional team members who are managing the 
insight and day-to-day show of it. Obviously, there are few family members also involved within 
it, but the final say and call is of the professionals. 

 
Page 9 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We'll take our next question from the line of Jeevan Patwa from Sahasrar Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, firstly if I heard right are you saying we are going to launch a part of Kanjurmarg project in 
this financial year for FY24 you are saying? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
This financial year not this FY24 I'm saying next financial year sorry, that's my mistake, but in 
the year 24-25 is what we envisage to launch some part of Kanjurmarg. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
Because I think everybody's eagerly waiting for that launch. So, is it going to be in the first half 
or it in the last half? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
As I said earlier, we want to this is one of the few pieces of land which are there which we want 
to get the right kind of valuation and bring the right product for the market while we are doing 
all the possible steps to finish all the approvals and bring in the market. So, we will do this and 
some part of it will come this coming year. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, first half we can assume it will be in the first half? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
I cannot presumably say completely, but we are trying for that.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
And secondly, we were working on selling some land parcel since last 2 quarters so any progress 
there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
We are under still discussions, things are progressing, but nothing has reached the finality for 
closure or headshake, but we are hopeful it to happen soon. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
And third is with Atal Setu project so our connectivity has actually improved a lot, so Panvel 
connectivity has actually improved a lot because of this. So, are you seeing any kind of price 
rise in Wadala? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, Wadala has been a very strategic location in terms of connectivity because probably this is 
the only suburb I would say of Mumbai which is connected by every infrastructure or the 
transport available in city of Mumbai be it Metro, be it Monorail, be it now the Atal Setu, the 
BKC connector and highways and obviously railways.  
And for us most of if you look at this freeway which is passing by Wadala property of our, 
Monorail and Metrorail are also part of our property. BKC connector is also 10 minutes and 
now this Atal Setu which is being now the connector towards Panvel it is only enhancing the 
connectivity factors even more thereby gaining confidence about transportation and overall 
connectivity for the entire Mumbai and MMR region.  

 
Page 10 of 16 
So, definitely we are looking at and appreciating value coming in for Wadala more than 
appreciation with pricing which will happen, but also a good demand for this region is coming 
up for which we will see a good volume also coming in this area. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
Because we have, I think we have almost 6 million square feet land parcel in Wadala. So, I think 
the price appreciation should give us good benefit. So, any update you have seen in the pricing 
in terms of in last after Atal Setu or in last 6 months, has the prices have gone up in this region 
or they are still there? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No Atal Setu has just started. Definitely what we have seen is over the last few months it's just 
been about 15 days, 20 days or a month or so where this bridge has started, but we are seeing 
a good rise in demand coming in. There is a lot of connectivity factor which has happened in 
people from even the MMR region are coming over here to look at flat in Wadala.  
Just to clarify, we have about 3.6 million square feet of carpet area in Wadala to be sold not 6 
million square feet. 6million square feet is the saleable area, but now we all talk in terms of 
carpet. So, we just wanted to clarify that and with the with that right now over the last one 
month there has been a good surge in the residential demand at least at Wadala. And although 
Manhattan where we have reached 60% of our sales potential being sold out, we are still 
looking usually when the project is at 50% - 60% level we usually see that this being now a 
consistent sale, but with the kind of demand coming in we are very happy that sales have been 
at a good number even in at 60% project being sold. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
And is there any plan to launch another project Manhattan project 2? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes, we are under design and development stage of that and hopefully that should also come 
up soon. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
So, that's not included in our…. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
No, that’s not included.  
Jeevan Patwa: 
And secondly, we were actually doing some demerger of our commercial land parcel in Wadala, 
so has any progress met there or we are not going ahead with that? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Yes, in fact we have made a progress and happy to say that NCLT the final petition that has 
been approved and hopefully in the next hearing we are getting the final order and in the time 
span of about next 45 to 60 days we should be completing registering that particular order 
formality. So, by maybe March year end we should be closing this particular demerger scheme 
entirely with regulatory formalities. 
Jeevan Patwa: 
Very Good, thanks a lot! 

 
Page 11 of 16 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Prathamesh Dhiwar from Tiger assets. 
Please go ahead. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Sir just wanted to know in Q4 I think we will be doing around INR 5,000 crores of revenue, 
right? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Sorry. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
In Q4 we are planning to do around INR500 crores of revenue, right? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
No, we have already surpassed our FY23 number, and the quarter year-to-date number is INR 
474 crores. So, this is that and the overall execution of the projects definitely we are going to 
see a significant jump over the FY23 reported numbers. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
And sir I was reading your earlier concall, you told something 5x revenues. So, can you please 
tell me the timeline till when we can get that thing? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, our entire target is that we want to overall grow 5x from where we were about 2 or 3 years 
ago and that is the growth trajectory which is already happened. Earlier we were about a 
million square feet of projects and today we have 2.3 million square feet of projects in hand. 
We were earlier 7 projects now we're doing about 16.  
Earlier we were INR 1,000 crores of projects with GDV today we have INR 3,000 crores of 
project GDV. So, overall, if you see we are progressing towards the 5x growth and thereby we 
are also hopeful that with the kind of projects which we are announcing and we are developing 
definitely with our sales numbers and sales realization we will also have a 5x growth in our 
revenue. 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Sir sorry if I missed it earlier. Have you given any FY24 guidance for revenue? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
You mean FY25, right? 
Prathamesh Dhiwar: 
Yes, both sir in the last quarter in Q4 any number you like to give and for FY25 also? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
As I clarified that the 9-month number has already surpassed and almost on these lines only 
we should be having the next quarter and the financial year end numbers as well. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Do we have any update on the debt repayment plans for the coming year or for FY26? 

 
Page 12 of 16 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, as we have mentioned in our commentary that despite the aggressive business 
development activities our debt remains stable, and we are investing and putting our operating 
cash flow on the next 8 projects which is having the launch pipeline.  
                                                     Having said let me bring up very pleasant news that the Manhattan Project which is we had the 
opportunity to further take out that potential out of that particular project. And we announced 
sometime before that structure deal is around the corner that deal has been consummated 
and in quarter 4 you will hear exact specifics of that particular deal and that is going to give us 
a further acceleration on our prudent debt management plus we have some good operating 
cash flow support from our existing project portfolio which also going to help us on the overall 
debt management. 
Aditya Sen: 
With the upcoming launches in FY25, do we see our EBITDA trending upward North of 30% or 
30% should is the number that we should consider going forward? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
As you can see that the nature of the project is a mix of society redevelopment, MHADA 
redevelopment, SRA redevelopment and as well on our own land bank. So, with this set of mix 
in terms of the nature of the project we should be maintaining in this particular trajectory and 
definitely as we move on with more of our own land bank parcel then in that case this can 
further inch up towards better number. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have a question from the line of Faisal Zubair Hawa from HG Hawa & Co. Please 
go ahead. 
Faisal Zubair Hawa: 
Sir, are we in talks in with any kind of PE funds or large funds like Blackstone or presale our 
projects or and are we making any kind of efforts to cut our interest rate which is very high at 
around 12.5%? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, first set of the question I want to read out for Mr. Dhaval to give more light. In terms of the 
cost of debt definitely as we are seeing the RBI giving up miss to this RBI repo rate hike, but 
however the money market situation and it's being tightened the cost of funds remains in that 
particular tight range. 
So, we are seeing that particular thing, but as I sensitize on very structured deal which has 
happened, and execution and the documentation part is going on. So, we are going to come 
back with a better set of numbers both in terms of debt management as well as on the cost of 
debt. 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, coming to your answers of any tie ups or participation with any PE funds raising well, there 
has been a lot of interest being shown with some funds and everywhere. However, formally 
we have not tied up. We are looking at project level participation or partnership with them, 
but as of now we don't have anything formally closed hands or finalized, but definitely with our 

 
Page 13 of 16 
growth opportunities coming way and with the kind of projects we want to do definitely PE 
participation just helps and adds a good feather on our cap and which we are very open to do. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Ankit Gupta from Bamboo Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Can you please talk about what kind of margins are we looking for in our newly launched 
projects, can we see higher margin compared to 30% kind of EBITDA margin that we're doing 
currently? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, as I explained that we have ongoing projects which is the Manhattan and rest of the other 
projects and launch pipeline we have the mix of this nature of SRA, MHADA development and 
society redevelopment.  
So, typically in that particular space where we have the EBITDA margin which is not as better 
than in terms of our own land bank. So, as we are getting into this mix and as we are moving 
into the next phases of our land bank then definitely, we will have the better margin numbers 
coming forward. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Sir, how has been the realization growth in some of our launch projects let's say we launched 
one project in phase 1 and subsequent for phase 2 what kind of realization growth are we 
seeing? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Realization has been steadily moving up. Where all these projects are happening and when we 
came it is always a cycle, overall, if you look at it, we have seen a year-on-year, let's just give 
an example. We've seen an 8% rise in our realization value in Manhattan. Nucleus projects 
which were ready or just got ready we've seen about upwards of 25%, 30% rise in our 
realization value.  
Sikova also which was recently ready we saw on the ready almost nearing projects we saw 
about 25%, 30% hike in our realization value. So, as in how the project progresses and it 
becomes ready there has been a rise so.  
So, obviously it's a demand supply game altogether and the moment the projects are nearing 
completion or nearing getting ready we get a better realization value as compared to under 
construction and that's how we are strategically selling all our products in different areas also. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Just to give you the number substantiation if you refer to you know our existing portfolio slide 
in terms of Manhattan being the very flagship project where we have already achieved some 
INR 30,000 as the average price.  

 
Page 14 of 16 
As we move forward for the balance of the inventory definitely our aspiration is more than 
31,000 as the price expectation. So, there where we have already provided our guidance in 
terms of the better price points. 
Ankit Gupta: 
And we launched this project at what price? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
It’s about INR 27,000 - 28,000. 
Ankit Gupta: 
Okay now we are selling at INR 31,000? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Yes. 
Ankit Gupta: 
What steps are we taking to ensure that our margins are protected in case there is a significant 
rise in prices of cement and steel? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, if there is a significant rise in the prices of steel and cement definitely the input cost is 
going high thereby our cost will go high. So, definitely there will be certain, depends on where 
and what is the cycle of the project because we need to be mindful about volume as well as 
price realizations. 
If my project is nearing completion or getting ready, there will be a good demand for people to 
come and buy probably which is a little better than an under-construction project. So, obviously 
we can increase the price a bit over there, but if I am at an under construction value I would do 
not want to hamper my volume of sales and I would like to continue doing it, maybe taking a 
temporary hit because these are maybe temporary phenomena and not a permanent hike in 
the price.  
So, if that is temporary, we may just absorb it and move ahead, but if that continues obviously 
the price is what will increase and move ahead, but our entire aim is to constantly grow the 
sales volume along with a good price realization. So, which will help the Company grow in a 
better way. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Harmit Desai from Pendulum 
Investments. Please go ahead.  
Harmit Desai: 
Sir, first I wanted to ask how many redevelopment opportunities are you looking and any 
guidance if you can give towards that?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, there are many to be honest with you we may be looking more than 20, 30 at a time, but 
it is not that every redevelopment society clicks, but we definitely have pitched in to a lot of 
societies today, a lot of societies are eagerly looking and wanting to discuss with us, but these 
are all under wraps till we actually sign with them and probably shake hands.  

 
Page 15 of 16 
We are hopeful and that is one of the sector which we are constantly rising. We started one 
with Juhu today we increased to Versova, Borivali, Bandra and slowly and slowly even bring 
more to this table because Mumbai one of the area for development, is a redevelopment of 
societies and we are striving to grow better in that segment.  
Harmit Desai: 
So, any particular filter which you are keeping for redevelopment project?  
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, we usually don't look at societies which are less than 1,000 square meters unless it is in a 
very, very prime location. The one which we do we did in Juhu. Otherwise, our sizes should be 
upwards of 1,000 or 1,500 square meters because usually the cost of admin and balances are 
better when we have a little largish project, but we at the same time also see that we prefer to 
do projects which are 2,00,000 - 3,00,000 square feet of carpet area which can be a quick turn 
and quick out so these are our preferences.  
Harmit Desai: 
So, needing the repatriation from international projects, both UK and Bahrain. So, just if you 
can give some status on that? 
Nitin Bavisi: 
So, in this current financial year UK repatriation already started and that is something going on 
and as we see moving forward our guidance was for the Bahrain project was about 2 - 2.5 years 
and we have execution of that particular project going on in full swing. So, our inventory 
entitlement there should give us a good cash flow exit and we should have the repatriation as 
well coming from the Bahrain as we move on to the next financial year onwards. 
Harmit Desai: 
Sir any update on Pune project as such? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, Pune we are still finalizing and closing things over there. We will announce once things 
are almost ready there. 
Harmit Desai: 
Sir lastly on the macro front I wanted to ask are you are you seeing any change in the mindset 
of Indian customers which will keep this real estate cycle going up for Indian real estate? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
So, our take is we have we have significantly seen a great jump coming in for the demand for 
homes and real estate particularly in India post COVID because people have taken real estate 
as an asset class of investment very seriously and one of their prime investment factors that is 
what we've observed.  
Secondly, overall, the Indian economy is looking very promising and with the kind of measures 
the Government is taking towards the growth of the India as a country I think majority of the 
investments of this growth from the public at large would be invested in real estate as one of 
their important investment asset classes.  
So, overall, I personally see real estate being in a good growth trajectory over the next few 
years and definitely in that developers who have been part of this business over many years 

 
Page 16 of 16 
and done good deliveries definitely stand an edge towards as compared to others. So, we are 
seeing a promising uprise in the coming few years.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have our next question from the line of Avinash Gupta, an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Avinash Gupta: 
Dhaval I just wanted to confirm that the pipeline what we are showing from INR 3,000 crores 
worth of launches in next year what is the confidence level on that because it's a substantial 
jump from last year, last year, I guess we were around 1,200 CR? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
All these projects what we have announced firstly those projects have been signed, those 
projects have been in our books, either there has been an agreement which is registered, or 
DA or MoU has been done or land where some JDAs have also been registered. So, most of 
these properties what you see in the list have already been in our acquisition today, number 
one.  
Number two, most of these project’s planning have also been almost finalized and they are 
under different stages of approval. So, we are very confident about launching all these projects 
which we have announced in this coming financial year. 
Avinash Gupta: 
Because to be honest then I guess we are looking at an all-time high in the stock prices? 
Dhaval Ajmera: 
Well, I hope so. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. There are no further questions, I now hand the conference over to Mr. Nitin for 
closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Nitin Bavisi: 
Thank you everybody for taking out time and participating in this earnings call Q3 FY24. I look 
forward to further interactions with anybody who has further requirement of any information 
or update about the Company. I'm happy to address that as well with my colleague Sonia. Till 
then I wish everybody a very happy time. Stay safe. Everybody take care of yourself. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. On behalf of Ajmera Realty & Infra India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines.  
 
 
(The above transcript has been edited for readability purposes) 
