 
Regd. Office: 3rd Floor, Maker Chambers IV, 222, Nariman Point, Mumbai- 400 021, India 
Phone #: +91-22-3555 5000, Telefax: +91-22-2204 2268. E-mail: investor.relations@ril.com, Website: www.ril.com  
CIN- L17110MH1973PLC019786 
 
 
January 20, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers, 
Dalal Street, 
Mumbai 400 001 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai 400 051 
Scrip Code: 500325 
Trading Symbol: RELIANCE 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Sub:  
Audio / Video Recording and Transcript of Presentation on Unaudited 
Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) for the quarter and nine 
months ended December 31, 2023 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30(6) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, the audio / video recording and transcript of the presentation made on 
January 19, 2024, on Unaudited Financial Results (Consolidated and Standalone) of the 
Company for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023, is attached and also 
available on the website of the Company at https://www.ril.com/investors/events-
presentations#webcast-sec. The presentation concluded at 9:08 p.m. (IST) on  
January 19, 2024. 
 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you 
Yours faithfully, 
For Reliance Industries Limited 
 
 
 
Savithri Parekh 
Company Secretary and 
Compliance Officer 
 
Encl.: as above 
 
Copy to: 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
35A Boulevard Joseph II  
L-1840 Luxembourg 
 
 
 
 
Singapore Exchange Limited 
4 Shenton Way, #02-01 SGX Centre 2, 
Singapore 068807 
 
SAVITHRI 
PAREKH
Digitally signed by 
SAVITHRI PAREKH 
Date: 2024.01.20 
07:57:27 +05'30'

 
 
 
 
1 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RIL Q3 2023 - 2024  
Media & Analyst Call Transcript  
 
19 January 2024  20:01 IST  
 
 
 
Call Participants:  
• 
Sh V Srikanth, CFO, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh B Srinivasan, President, Reliance Industries Limited 
• 
Sh Kiran Thomas, President, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited 
• 
Sh Anshuman Thakur, Head of Strategy, Reliance Jio Infocomm Limited  
• 
Sh Dinesh Taluja, CFO & Corporate Development, Reliance Retail  
• 
Sh Sanjay Roy, Senior Executive Vice President – E&P, Reliance Industries Limited 
 
Duration: 01:04:43 minutes 
 
Presentation Link:  
https://rilstaticasset.akamaized.net/sites/default/files/2024-01/RIL-3Q-FY24-Analyst-
Presentation-19Jan24.pdf 
 
Meeting Video:  
https://www.ril.com/investors/events-presentations#webcast-sec  
 
• Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:34 (Introduction) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:00:35 – 00:08:40 (Consolidated Financials) 
• Sh Kiran Thomas 00:08:41 – 00:22:16 (Digital Services) 
• Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:22:18 – 00:26:18 (Digital Services - Financials) 
• Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:26:18 – 00:45:20 (Reliance Retail) 
• Sh Sanjay Roy 00:45:21 – 00:49:26 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
• Sh V Srikanth 00:49:27 – 01:04:43 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
2 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Transcript:  
  
 
Sh B. Srinivasan 00:00:04 – 00:00:34 (Introduction) 
 
Good evening. Welcome to the 3Q FY 2024 results presented by Reliance Industries. We 
have V Srikanth, our Group CFO, first off talking about our consolidated financials followed 
by Kiran Thomas who will talk about the digital services. Anshuman Thakur will present the 
financials of the Digital services business followed by Dinesh Taluja who will talk about 
Reliance Retail and Sanjay Roy will talk about E&P. Srikanth will come and speak about O2C 
and summary. 
 
Thank you and over to Srikanth. 
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:00:35 – 00:08:40 (Consolidated Financials) 
 
Yeah, thanks. Thanks, Srini. 
 
I'll just spend a few minutes on the consolidated results before I hand it over to my colleagues 
for business wise.  
 
So, starting with EBITDA at ₹ 44,700 cr, this is up 17% Y-o-Y, net profit at ₹ 19,641 cr up 
11% Y-o-Y. Here the earnings have been led by very strong performance in retail and oil and 
gas. Digital Services has been steady, and you know there is a 1% increase in O2C.  
 
In retail, we have seen very strong momentum with the expansion of footprint, we are seeing 
higher footfalls. In digital services, we have added number of customer adds in this quarter 
and also importantly on the Y-o-Y basis has been very strong. We have completed the 5G 
rollout on a pan India basis. 
 
In O2C, it has been a resilient performance despite major planned maintenance shutdown 
that you are aware of. Also, downstream margin environment as you know has been a bit 
weak. Had it not been for the shutdown, we would have on O2C basis, been higher on a Y-
o-Y basis and the performance would have been comparable even to the previous quarter. 
 
In oil and gas, benefiting from ramp up in MJ1 production and now KGD6 contributes 30% of 
India's gas production. 

 
 
 
 
3 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
A quick summary of the numbers. As you can see, revenue in retail is up 23%. EBITDA at ₹ 
6,258 crore is up 31%. So clearly you can see the benefit of operating leverage kicking in. 
Over-all area operated in Mn. Sq. ft. is close to 73 Mn, which is about 21% higher. And we 
saw growth across segments. Footfalls higher by 40%. We added about 252 stores. On a Y-
o-Y basis, we have added about 1,549 stores. The percentage of Digital and New Commerce 
revenues as a percentage of total is still at 19%. So, it's a very, very fast expanding base. So, 
it's a good set of performance there.  
 
In Digital Services, revenue and EBITDA are up about 11.5%. I talked about customer adds. 
We added about 11.2 Mn net customers in subscribers in this quarter. And for the whole year 
it is 38 Mn, very strong performance there. Data traffic continues to be strong 32% on a Y-o-
Y basis. And you know this is True5G is now available across India and 90 Mn subscribers 
have migrated to the 5G network. 
 
On O2C side, the revenue is slightly lower, we saw Brent being 5.5% lower on Y-o-Y basis. 
EBITDA at ₹ 14,064 is 1% up.  As you know, I talked about the plant maintenance shutdown 
for major units. Also, downstream chemicals deltas have been weak, anywhere between 4% 
and 17% when it comes to lower deltas there. And clearly supply overhang is there. Demand 
has been weak. That's on the downside, on the market side. But we have been able to 
compensate it with domestic demand being able to place there. Because in India oil demand 
is up 2%, polymers is up 10%. Gasoline has played an important role in compensating. There 
has been a recovery in fuel retailing and the benefit of Ethane vs Naphtha was fully felt in this 
quarter.  
 
On the oil and gas side at ₹ 5,804 cr it is the best ever quarterly EBITDA. As you can see 
from the chart KGD6 production almost up 73% and revenue and EBITDA up 50%. Now 
KGD6 production is almost about 30 mmscmd. It's as you know, a significant contributor to 
the transition fuel availability for the country. 
 
So, bringing these numbers together, you can see revenue at ₹ 2,48,000 cr up 3%. Lower 
O2C, higher retail. On EBITDA side, as I said, ₹ 44,678 cr up 17%. This is despite the very 
large shutdown in CDU, in coker, in FCCU and also the off-gas cracker; had it not been, 
(maintenance shutdown) as I mentioned, EBITDA would have seen a Y-o-Y growth and the 
numbers would have been pretty similar to what it was in the previous quarter.  
 
And as you can see the EBITDA flow through, despite higher finance and depreciation, we 
delivered a net profit of ₹ 19,641 cr which is up 11%. And when you look at it from entity wise, 
the net profit in RIL is close to ₹ 10,000 cr, JPL ₹ 5,500 cr, RRVL at ₹ 3,000 for the quarter. 

 
 
 
 
4 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
RRVL as you can see EBITDA growth at 30% and even the net profit growth is in almost in 
the same range. 
  
So quick one on the bridge. Y-o-Y bridge as you can see every business has delivered in 
terms of growth, oil and gas, retail, digital services, and others too. But as I mentioned, O2C 
has been stable EBITDA in a weak downstream market environment. We have done a lot to 
offset some of that market weakness by focusing on crude sourcing, by focusing on ethane 
cracking by placing more products in the domestic market. Oil and gas as I mentioned, higher 
volumes, helping deliver 50% increase. Retail very broad based and you know, grocery sales 
up 41%, fashion and lifestyle up 28%, consumer electronics up 19%. On digital services, 
healthy subscriber growth and also improvement in the ARPU side and others reflect multiple 
factors across other businesses which have done well focus on costs, implementation to 
treasury income, all of them have helped deliver the other segment. 
 
On a sequential basis, barring O2C that I talked about you can see you can see a strong 
growth. On the oil and gas side, in the previous quarter we had we had costs related to field 
commissioning and decommissioning which is not there this quarter and so that explains the 
jump there. Otherwise on Retail and Digital Services, Retail earnings as you know, 
sequentially has gone up by 7%. And you've seen performance in digital services too. 
 
Coming to net debt, marginal change in net debt ₹ 1,19,372 cr, very similar to what we had 
in September 2023. You know, we have been talking about moderation of Capex and you 
can see that overall capex has now for this quarter is ₹ 30,000 cr. It was about close to ₹ 
39,000 cr in the previous quarter and a year before that too it was there. So, clearly you can 
see that the intensity has come down. Otherwise, fair to say that, cash flows remain strong 
balance sheet is strong and the moderation in capex, you know will continue to help value 
creation. 
 
With this. I'm going to hand it over to Kiran. 
 
 
Sh Kiran Thomas 00:08:41 – 00:22:16 (Digital Services) 
 
Thank you, Srikanth. 
 
So, we had one year, nearly one year, in fact, a shade over one year into the rollout of our 
true 5G services. And as Srikanth alluded to in his opening remarks, nearly 90 million 
subscribers have already migrated to 5G on our network. And another great thing that we 
can talk about is that this entire 5G deployment and the traffic coming from the 90 million 

 
 
 
 
5 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
subscribers are all carried on our own core which has been built and deployed on a pan-India 
basis. If you see the graphics on this chart just a year ago, December of 2022, we can say 
that India was 5G dark. And if you look now at the situation as we complete December of 
2023, we are into the new year, we can truly say that India is now 5G bright. 
 
And obviously, this superior network has really strengthened our position when it comes to 
the mobility service. Our 5G availability on a pan-India basis on a quantitative basis is nearly 
three times that of our nearest competitor. And even in terms of quality the overall download 
speeds on the network is nearly two times that again of a nearest competitor. So, I'm glad to 
say that overall Jio has completed the True 5G network rollout as promised well ahead of the 
schedule of this-pan India deployment. 
 
This is also reflected of the fact that we are becoming the preferred choice for subscribers. If 
you look at the graphic again on the right, you can see that as the industry overall has had a 
nearly flat 0.7% growth on a year-on-your basis. But the stark difference is between the 
growth numbers delivered by Jio on a year-on-year basis as compared to the rest of the 
competition, while the rest of the competition actually has seen degrowth of nearly 3%. Jio 
has shown a nearly 7.5 percent increase in its subscriber base. All of this is a testament to 
the fact that our 5G service is really pushing the envelope even further. 
 
We were already considered one of the best quality, highest quality networks anywhere in 
the world. But now that gap between Jio's 5G network and that of our competitors has 
increased substantially. If you look at another number which is the net port-in numbers, this 
also indicates the intra-competitor movement, rather inter-competitor movement of 
customers from one operator to the next. In terms of port in again, we have been nearly two 
and a half times of our nearest competitor in terms of net port-ins.  
 
So, all these metrics are pointing to the fact that our 5G network is really positioning us as 
the preferred choice even beyond what we already were. And the number is both in terms of 
subscriber additions and growth, as well as net port-in numbers is a testament to the fact that 
we are now extending that lead over our competitors. 
 
Another initiative that we were consistently speaking about over the last few quarters is the 
Jio Bharat initiative. Now this is also a very concerted effort that we undertook to move the 
2G base which is largely a captive base with our competitors but to bring them on to the to 
the 4G base at least to begin with. So really the fact that we were able to completely design, 
manufacture and distribute a 4G device which is on par or even cheaper than comparable 
2G phones from a handset price perspective. And now those are translating into some very, 
very, very encouraging numbers in the market.  

 
 
 
 
6 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
If you see that in the less than 1000 rupee price segment, which is really where the 2G phones 
operate. Jio Bharat just in the short period after its launch is now seeing nearly 45% market 
share in the shipments which are happening on a month-on-month basis. Also, if you see the 
growth that we are seeing, the Jio leadership growth that we are seeing in the rural markets, 
again, the market where I think this product has been targeted at largely since the Jio Bharat 
launch.  
 
We have also seen the growth in our subscriber base coming from the rural markets. The net 
additions that are happening in those rural markets have now grown to become nearly five 
and a half times of our nearest competitor. So, our net ads are five and a half times that of 
our nearest competitor and even within our own network, if you see just before Jio Bharat 
launch again, the graphic on the right, we still had a lead. But the lead was you could say that 
while the net adds in millions by our competitors who are adding about 3 million net adds. 
You could see that we were adding nearly double of that – 5.6 million customers.  
 
But post Jio Bharat launch if you see, the real drop in the net picture coming from our 
competitors. While our numbers have really strengthened even further. That's really the 5.2 
times a direct competitor number that I was speaking about. Also, in terms of engagement, 
all almost all of those features, including live TV playback in Jio Cinema, which is a hero use 
case because people could never imagine that kind of a service of live television being 
available on such a handset. So that's really picked up the Jio Bharat users because financial 
transactions and UPI payments were another strong use case that we were promoting with 
such a device, and nearly 60% of the total UPI123 transactions which are really those 
transactions originating from these low-end handsets is now contributed by Jio Bharat. 
 
Coming to the to the home, while we had a market leading service in JioFiber, using our 5G 
service pan India 5G service we are really now supercharging our home broadband delivery 
as well through what we call AirFiber. And really, you know, you could argue that the big cities 
were reasonably well served through our optical fiber network. But as soon as JioAirFiber got 
launched, we are seeing demand getting unlocked from the tier 3 or tier 4 four towns and 
rural markets, where this is a completely unique service. There is no other competitor to 
speak of. And the fiber quality broadband service powered by our 5G network is really finding 
traction in those markets. And also the fact that we are using our own technology our own 
5G core to carry traffic. 
 
I mean obviously, like I said in many of these markets, we are the only one in town. But even 
if you look at global comparables, we are we are among the cheapest anywhere in the world. 
Also, I mean this is quite a pleasant surprise for us. But we had a rich bouquet of content that 

 
 
 
 
7 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
we are also bundling to encourage adoption, especially when we go to these markets where 
people don't have a habit of or even awareness of having used these kinds of services. But 
what we're really seeing is that JioAirFiber is actually on a like-to-like basis against a JioFiber 
service. We are seeing a per capita usage which is nearly 30 times more than our optical 
fiber service, thanks to the content that is also bundled with it. But really this habit formation 
and adoption is really encouraging as we are really picking up the pace when it comes to 
rolling out AirFiber across the country. 
 
In fact, in many of the cases, now the situation is looking to reverse. Earlier, network was the 
driving force and digital services was an add on. But now, if you see the recent trends, nearly 
20% of the new deals with that we are winning in the enterprise is actually driven by a non-
network service, which also shows that digital services are truly coming into its own. 
 
And again, like-to-like if you see, over the last year there has been a 1.3x increase in 
revenues. If you look like-to-like from the top 100 accounts that we have had, there's been a 
30% growth. If you look at the number of accounts who are actually contributing to more than 
five crores, that's like a watermark. That number has also increased to nearly 50% more than 
what it was last year. So, one and a half or 1.5x increase in the number of accounts there 
and obviously, professional services and retail and education. These are three key sectors 
which are beyond the large enterprises when we get into the SMBs.  
 
Again, we are seeing a lot of demand coming from these sectors. So, schools, training 
institutes and so on. Products and services being the people like lawyers, chartered 
accountants and so on. And obviously small retail. I think these are three large sections within 
the Indian economy and we are seeing a lot of adoption and demand coming from these 
sectors. 
 
On this slide, we are just showcasing a few of those which we had introduced and unveiled 
during the India Mobile Congress last year in 2023. Everything from what we call 
JioSpaceFiber, which is the gigabit satellite connectivity that we are bringing to India, 
JioCloud which is our compute platform, which is now built and being offered to enterprises, 
increasing adoption of AI, some of the SMB and skill development type of applications again, 
that we showcased. 
 
Gaming, which is again augmenting the fact that we have a very strong home play, but how 
do we bring cloud gaming which is doing away with the need for expensive consoles. And 
therefore, creating mass scale adoption of games into Indian households. And we are we 
have a very young population who would absolutely love to engage with these kinds of 

 
 
 
 
8 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
offerings assuming it is affordable and that's what we are able to do with the Cloud approach 
towards delivering this.  
 
Connected vehicles again, we are becoming a partner both to connect and also to bring digital 
automation to a number of vehicle brands. And some of those examples also we showcased. 
As 5G is getting rolled out across the country, some of the large manufacturing locations and 
large enterprises would like to have what is called Private 5G, which means a dedicated 
installation just to power a factory location or a large campus. And that's also something that 
we showcased in a very small server. We can actually plug it into their data center and they 
can really be up and running with the 5G network in their campus.  
 
Again, thanks to the fact that this 5G core is something that is homegrown, we are able to 
package that in very interesting ways. We will support Private 5G use cases. And beyond 
that, obviously, you know things like healthcare, agriculture, these are some critical sectors 
of the economy. And again, we were able to showcase certain IoT type solutions, again taking 
advantage of both our 4G and 5G network which is now ubiquitous across the country.  
 
And beyond the products, I think we are also entering into what is called Managed Services. 
And here basically, what we are trying to do is helping our customers enterprise and small, 
medium, small and medium customers with everything from advisory to implementation as 
well as ongoing management of the entire digital set of services that they would meet. And 
that's also unlocking a lot of service revenues for us looking into the future. So, I think the 
network story is unfolding well, both in the mobility the home and the enterprise segment. 
And the digital services contribution towards the contract the contribution towards both 
account wins as well as the year-on-year growth in that in the per account revenues. All of 
that is now looking in a pretty good shape as we head into the new year. 
 
I think on the operating and financial highlights I'll request my colleague Anshuman to step in 
here. 
 
 
Sh Anshuman Thakur 00:22:18 – 00:26:18 (Digital Services - Financials) 
 
Thank you, Kiran. 
 
Both revenue and EBITDA during the quarter grew by double digit. On a YoY basis, revenue 
grew to Rs 27,700 crore, which is a 11.3% growth. EBITDA touched almost Rs 14,000 crore 
for the quarter with a growth of 11.5% year on year. 
 

 
 
 
 
9 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
We are sustaining the outperformance and subscriber additions as Kiran spoke about with 
the superior network deployment of 5G. We're attracting a lot of the premium customers as 
well. We saw net addition of 11.2 million subscribers during the quarter, taking the subscriber 
base to 471 million. ARPU for the quarter was at Rs 181.7. Now, while there was some 
increase in the ARPU due to the subscriber mix, also the fact that we are currently offering 
5G services on a trial basis impacted the ARPU because people don't have to recharge for 
additional data usage at this point. So therefore, there was a counterbalancing impact on the 
ARPU during the quarter.  
 
Customer engagement continues to be very strong. 31.5% year-on-year growth in the data 
traffic on the network. That's also happening because of the 5G deployment. 5G consumers 
are consuming significantly higher amount of data than they were consuming on the LTE 
network, obviously, so that's causing the increase in the data consumption. And again, as 
Kiran said, JioAirFiber is expanding the addressable market. We're expanding the 
addressable market with the deployment that we're currently doing. It's already now present 
wide and across the country. And the customer engagement signs have been very 
encouraging with the list of customers that are on the JioAirFiber. 
 
The key operating matrices for RJIL, our connectivity business subscriber mix, the customer 
base at the end of the quarter was 471 million, a net addition of 11.2 million, which has been 
actually the highest for the last several quarters. So, we are seeing that uptick in the 
subscriber addition over the last several quarters.  
 
ARPU 181.7 rupees, the per capita data consumption increased to 27.3 GB per user per 
month during the quarter and that's continuing to show an increasing trend and even the 
voice traffic was increased during the quarter so 7.9% y-o-y increase in the voice traffic. 
 
Moving to the key financials for RJIL. Again, the connectivity business, the operating revenue 
for the quarter was actually Rs 45,368 crore. And that was 10.3% year-on-year growth 
primarily driven by increasing the customer base. EBITDA was at Rs 13,422 crores for the 
quarter. EBITDA margin increased for that close to 53%. And this has been fairly steady. 
Please note that at this point. We're not charging for our 5G services. And this is really coming 
out of the existing set of subscribers using the recharging on the LTE. 
 
Moving on to the financials, consolidated financials for Jio Platforms Ltd, we ended the 
quarter with Rs 27,700 crores of operating revenues. That's 11.3% year-on-year growth. 
EBITDA was close to Rs 14,000 crores. EBITDA margin improved to 50.4% and that's also 
been showing an increasing trend, and the Profit After Tax increased to Rs 5,445 crore. So, 
healthy double-digit growth in all the key financial matrices in in at this point, more of steady 

 
 
 
 
10 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
state as several things you know 5G monetization, the AirFiber etc. are still got to get 
monetized. 
 
I will now hand over to the Dinesh to take you through a summary of the Reliance Retail 
results. 
 
 
Sh Dinesh Taluja 00:26:18 – 00:45:20 (Reliance Retail) 
 
Hi, thanks Anshuman and good evening, everyone. Over the next few slides, I will take you 
through the performance of our retail business. Our gross revenue crossed Rs 83,000 crores, 
revenue growth of 23% on a y-o-y basis. EBITDA grew at a healthy 31%, it came at Rs 6,258 
crores while Profit After Tax grew 32%. Digital and New commerce continues to grow well 
and contributed 19% of our total revenues during the quarter, increase of 100 basis points on 
a y-o-y basis.  
 
We continue to invest in infrastructure, retail stores have increased by 9% on a y-o-y basis. 
We added 250+ stores during the quarter, our retail space stands at 72.9 million sq ft now, a 
21% increase on a y-o-y basis. We continue to invest in infrastructure upfront as well as 
backend infrastructure as well as the technology platforms to reach the length and depth of 
the country as well as provide consumers with a true omni channel experience, provide them 
a good shopping experience as the consumers are also evolving.  
 
If you look at our key customer metrics, footfalls grew a healthy 40% y-o-y basis, our 
registered customer base grew by 25% and now stands at 293 million. Our total transactions 
grew 20% and crossed 300 million transactions. It came at 320 million during the quarter.  
 
Just a few quick highlights across the business. All the major consumption baskets did well, 
grocery grew at a 41% y-o-y growth. Fashion lifestyle grew at 28% on a y-o-y basis. And this 
is the context where on the apparel side the market has been weak and you will see it for the 
other players as well, but we have done exceedingly well. Consumer electronics grew 19% 
on a y-o-y basis. So healthy growth across on our larger consumption baskets, all our 
businesses are doing extremely well. We had a very good festival season. We saw good 
engagement from customers and healthy growth during the festival period across the 
businesses. 
 
Our EBITDA margin continues to expand, up 40 basis points on a year-on-year basis at 8.1%. 
We see the benefits of operating leverage continue to accrue as we have set up the entire 

 
 
 
 
11 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
infrastructure and now as we are growing our business. The benefits of operating leverage 
and much improvement are flowing through.  
 
We spoke about our store expansion. We continue to invest in new formats, which are tailored 
to the requirements of different customer segments. We spoke about Yousta in the last 
quarter, this quarter we launched Swadesh, which is a format which promotes Indians 
traditional art forms. We opened our first store in Hyderabad, and we have seen a very good 
response from customers and a few more stores are in the pipeline. 
 
We launched Ajiogram which is a D2C focused content driven platform. It promotes D2C 
brands and gives them gives them a reach to the entire customer base that we have on AJIO. 
So, we are championing the growth of various D2C brands and giving them the benefit of the 
platform and the customer reach and the traffic that we have built over a period of time. 
 
We launched a co-branded credit card with SBI. It offers significant benefits to consumers for 
shopping across the Reliance Retail ecosystem. So, depending on your needs, whether it's 
a grocery whether it's electronics apparel, there's a lot of benefits that are offered on the card, 
both from reliance as well as from SBI. We continue to strengthen capabilities through looking 
at acquisitions and partnerships. We acquired the Sephora India franchise business from 
Arvind during the quarter. And we signed exclusive distribution agreement with SMPC for two 
of their brands, Sandro and Maje. 
 
Steady growth if you look at year on year, our revenues are growing pretty strongly on a large 
base. For the first time we crossed Rs 80,000 crores, EBITA again pretty healthy growth Rs 
6,258 crores. So, every quarter we are we are hitting a new milestone.  
 
23% revenue growth on a y-o-y basis 8% on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So, both whether 
you look at quarterly sequentially, what I know is a very healthy growth, strong operating 
EBITDA performance margin expansion, which is driving growth in profit after tax as well at 
a healthy 32% and 13% on a quarter-on-quarter basis.  
 
Now just to take you through some of the highlights across our consumption baskets, so 
grocery as we as we spoke about 41% growth. We had a very strong festival season where 
we saw a lot of a lot of traffic in us in our in our stores. The Bestival Sale that's the event that 
a flagship event where we give the name for this period. We had record footfalls in the stores, 
various categories weather its confectionery stacks, dry foods, all of them that the festival 
demanded do very well. We registered the highest ever single day sale in the history of this 
format during the campaign period.  
 

 
 
 
 
12 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
As we've been saying we've been focusing on growing the non-food category that helps 
improve margins in the supermarkets and hypermarket formats. Both general merchandise 
and home and personal care are seeing very strong growth. And driving the share of off non-
food growth, which is helping our margins. We continue to add new categories so that 
consumers can come to our stores and at one shop stop destinations.  
 
We have made notable additions in various categories including home travel occasions, 
celebrations, of pooja needs across categories we have we've added and will continue to add 
new categories to make these attractive destinations for shoppers to come to our stores 
across various shopping missions.  
 
On the B2B side, the Metro in the acquisition on integration is on track with our B2B business 
as we are aligning the two businesses and that's working out well. Post the acquisition 
October to December quarter, Metro had the highest ever quarterly sales. So, from the same 
stores we are able to drive, good growth, much better throughput, and performance than it 
was earlier.  
 
As well as leveraging the Metro omni channel capabilities for our broader b2b business. 
JioMart, we continue to see steady growth both in traffic as well as average order values. We 
have seen a pretty healthy uptick in our order values for groceries specifically.  
 
We are also focusing on increasing the share of non-grocery categories, fashion lifestyle in 
electronics, both have outperformed and while still relatively small contribution to the overall 
GMV, but they are doing exceedingly well as the adoption by consumers of these categories 
is increasing. 
 
The JioUtsav flagship event during the quarter saw significant growth both in terms of traffic 
as well as well as orders. We continue to invest in the platform to improve the product 
features, enhance during the quarters and the notable enhancements that we did include the 
product search, returned doorstep delivery for fashion, and a lot of other interesting features 
and exciting features are in the pipeline. We continue to expand the catalogue and offer more 
explaining more options to our consumers. The option count was up 84% and the seller base 
was the up 3x on y-o-y basis and this growth will continue as we add more and more options 
to make it a truly horizontal platform.  
 
On the consumer brands business, we are excited about this business. It's showing very 
good growth. The revenue was up 3x on a y-o-y basis as well as we are increasing the 
distribution reach substantially. So, this is a business where it has a big advantage in terms 
of in terms of our in-house channels as well as the B2B Kirana network that we have.  

 
 
 
 
13 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
In addition, we are building a broad distribution network to reach many Kiranas across the 
country as well as modern trade to build and grow these brands. Some of the notable 
categories which did very well during the quarter were beverages, general merchandise and 
staples. As you are aware we had launched Campa and Independence brands in the earlier 
quarters. Both have shown very strong traction and very strong response from customers. 
And every month on month we are seeing very strong growth in both these brands. 
 
We had launched Bugles and potato chips under Alan’s and that again is doing extremely 
well and then there are several other exciting products in the pipeline which you will see in 
the in the coming months and quarters. Moving on to fashion lifestyle - apparel and footwear 
business had had a good steady quarter driven by footfalls as well as improving conversions. 
multiple formats delivered the highest ever revenues during the quarter in this in the context 
where the market has been, has been on the weaker side.  
 
Broad-based growth across categories. So, we're not dependent on one category like some 
of our other competitors and international peers who are more focused on one or two 
categories. We are present across multiple categories and many of them are doing 
exceedingly well. The festival season we got a very strong response. Our price value 
proposition is very strong in the market and that's helping us grow and drive very strong 
customer engagement in the market. 
 
As we had mentioned earlier, Azorte and Yousta were the formats that we have launched in 
the previous quarters are doing very well we are getting very good response, and we are 
scaling up both of them and Swadesh is the format that we have launched in this quarter. 
 
On Ajio, another quarter of very strong performance. We added 1.6 million customers during 
the quarter, we continue to add more and more products, option count was up 38%. The 
whole strategy here is focused on offering more and more differentiated products, good 
quality products to the consumers. And that is being valued and that's why we are seeing 
very strong growth on this platform. 
 
We continue to launch brands, new brands, partner with designers, as well as launch our in-
house brands as well as external brands onto the platform every quarter. So, the notable 
ones we did during this quarter was IndiePicks launch. We launched Dhruv Kapoor, the 
champion brand. So multiple brand additions during the quarter. We spoke about Ajiogram 
earlier, pretty excited about this initiative.  
 

 
 
 
 
14 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
There is a lot of very interesting D2C brands which are coming to market and we are creating 
a forum and a platform to grow these brands and take the help with these brands scale up 
quickly or take them to the consumers and customer remains at the center. We continue to 
enhance new features to improve the customer experience several new features added 
during the quarter and more are in the pipeline. 
 
On our partner brands, which is our luxury premium and luxury brands portfolio. We continue 
to lead the market. We have the widest portfolio of brands, and we are the partner of choice 
for any international brands looking to come into India. We spoke about the Sephora and 
SMPC partnership agreements earlier. AjioLuxe, which is which is the luxury part of our online 
Ajio platform and offers a host of luxury brands, continues to do very well, and go from 
strength to strength. We have a portfolio now of over 660 brands and every quarter we are 
bringing new brands onto the platform. 
 
Jewels has had a very good quarter driven by the festive and wedding buying season 
Dhanteras, which is one of the key occasions and big driver of sales for virtually we had the 
highest ever sales during that day. 
 
While we are very strong in metro and tier one cities, we are also seeing very strong growth 
in tier two and beyond cities. In fact, they're growing faster than the overall rate of growth of 
the business, so our proposition is getting very widely accepted. We are focusing on 
launching new exclusive designs, collections that help us differentiate some of the notable 
ones one Swarn Banga, it was a regional collections Vivahum was a wedding collection that 
we launched during the quarter.  
 
So, these really helped us create new themes and bring differentiated products to the market. 
Lingerie which is one of the newest segments we have the largest player in the segment now. 
Across the host of brands, the D2C brands – Clovia, Zivame, Avante that we have we sell 
lingerie in our in our in our apparel stores we have joint venture with Marks and Spencer and 
Hunk Moller franchise so across all those who are pretty large player, they are looking at 
expanding the reach both within the Reliance retail formats as well as take these or take our 
D2C brands to the physical distribution network as well as the exclusive brand outlets as well 
as add continue to add new categories new products within each category to really expand 
the range for these brands. We also executed several core brand promotional tie ups during 
the quarter, and we saw pretty good cross pollination on these on these partnerships.  
 
Urban Ladder, which is our furniture offering. The focus continues to be on ramping up the 
store network and expand the presence across cities. We are also leveraging our Smart 
Bazaar formats where we are launching our SIS’s for UL that are in the stores typically 

 
 
 
 
15 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
focused on grab and go items which work very well in this so these get more doors as well 
as customer footfalls increases brand awareness and indirect traffic to our online offering as 
well as the experience centres from these stores. 
 
Tira, which you are aware we had a big launch – we had launched a couple of quarters back 
continues to continue to grow. We have got some very strong traction. We have set up a few 
stores across top tier cities and we continue to expand the network and we are getting very 
good response from customers. We signed up three celebrities to promote the brand. We 
have seen very strong brand recall and engagement from consumers on both our stores as 
well as online platforms. It is an experience discovery driven category so offer a differentiated 
retail experience through larger formats and wider assortment. 
 
All our operating metrics including sales productivity, average Bill values, repeats, again 
engagement across brands, all of that are seeing good strong momentum, early days but 
we're very excited and seeing very good results in the initial days. We are also including many 
new launches many new brands we are bringing to India some of the notable ones that we 
signed up for online as well as offline during the quarter are Laura Mercier, Allies of Skin and 
Blessed Moon. 
 
Moving on to our consumer electronics business – again had a pretty sustained 19% y-o-y 
growth. We see growth healthy growth in average values as well as the conversions are 
improving. The growth has been quite broad based across phones large appliances as well 
as TVs. In fact, we saw a strong surge in demand for a large screen TVs during the World 
Cup so 55” and 65 inches TVs did very well. We had a number of flagship mobile phone 
model launches during the quarter and that contributed pretty significantly to the performance 
of phones as well as other categories.  
 
We continue to increase our assortment, including ACs refrigerators and working with brands 
to launch exclusive products for our stores. ResQ which is our biggest differentiator in 
electronics segment. We continue to increase the increase the geographic footprint as well 
as increase the proposition continue to add new services new plans into that business. Also 
targeting the out of warranty opportunity there. PB on a on a product brands Group.  
 
We are launching new products across categories to see where the whitecaps are in the 
market. And bring products which are which are high on quality and very disruptive pricing. 
We continue to expand new doors our merchant base is up 2.6x on a y-o-y basis now we 
have pretty significant depth of depth in terms of the reach where our products are present.  
 

 
 
 
 
16 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
On our JioMart digital business, the focus is on expanding the merchant base which is up 
34% as well as improve the participation of merchants. Ultimately, how many categories are 
the merchants buying from you? And how many how frequently are they buying? Those are 
the two most important metrics to ensure that we are relevant, and they find a proposition 
attractive, and both those metrics are month on month, month on month. we are seeing very 
strong growth. 
 
That's it on the retail side. 
 
 
Sh Sanjay Roy 00:45:21 – 00:49:26 (Hydrocarbons - Exploration & Production) 
 
Thank you, Dinesh. 
 
Very good evening to everyone on the call.  
 
To do a recap of the quarter gone by, this is highest ever quarterly EBITDA for the oil and 
gas segment. We had a 50 per cent jump, YoY, at Rs 5,800 crore, largely driven by higher 
volumes. With all 19 wells in production from three fields, we have seen production increase, 
and we expect this will sustain. Currently, we're producing about 30 million standard cubic 
meters, and oil and condensate of about 21,000 barrels per day.  
 
In terms of prices, yes, we've seen prices come off a little bit. In fact, as you may be all aware 
that ceiling prices had come down from $12.12 to $9.96. And with global factors impacting 
demand and high inventory levels impacting prices, we've seen a slight pullback in gas prices, 
which, to a certain extent, has off-set the gains made in production.  
 
So, at KG-D6, the main focus now is on how to sustain the production from these fields. All 
19 wells are producing. The fields are producing as per expectations.  
 
And CBM, we've launched the 40 well multilateral campaign, the first in India. This is to 
maximize and improve the productivity from these fields. We expect the results to come in 
over the next two quarters.  
 
Further, in KG UDW1, we are currently doing an exploration well in the block. 
 
So, as you can see in this graph, we've had sustained increase in production as we 
commissioned the fields from FY ‘21 onwards, and comparatively between the nine months 
of this fiscal versus FY ‘23, with 6 million standard cubic meter increase, and this will continue 

 
 
 
 
17 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
to increase in the quarters to come with a plateau of about 30 million standard cubic meters. 
So currently, we are contributing about 30% of India's domestic gas production. 
 
So, we completed the auction for 4 million standard cubic meters of gas from KGD6. This 
was the 6th auction and this way we have now managed to sell all the gas that we are 
producing. So, the offtake is all tied up. 
 
For this specific round, there was significant participation. We had 38 successful bidders, 
largely from fertilizer and refineries, CGD and aggregators. 
 
So, the main contributors were CGD and Fertilizer. And, as you're all aware, the price 
realization will be subject to a cap of $9.96 per MMBtu. 
 
So, in terms of the gas market outlook, clearly, the winter has been a lot milder in Europe, 
which essentially resulted in higher inventory levels and lower demand. As you can see, the 
storages are at about 82.6% at the current juncture versus five-year averages of 70.4%. So 
clearly this has had an impact on the prices. 
 
The sense is the short-term prices will be guided by the severity of the winter. There has been 
some pickup in demand from China. There's also been some cold snaps that spurred the 
demand, apart from the economy showing some signs for higher demand. 
 
In Southeast Asia again, the demand is price sensitive, so at lower prices, we have seen 
higher demand. Overall, there is a little bit of pressure on gas prices.  And again, this is going 
to be dependent on the winter. 
 
Thank you and over to you Srikanth. 
 
 
Sh V Srikanth 00:49:27 – 01:04:43 (O2C Business, Summary and Closure) 
 
So, moving to the last section, which is O2C.  year-on-year the revenues have been lower on 
the back of reduction in prices of Brent. Otherwise, when you look at EBITDA, as I mentioned, 
up 1% in a fairly challenging environment.  
 
We focused a lot on product placement in the domestic market, given that the demand was 
good. Also, a lot more of fuel retailing volumes we saw. Overall trends in margins have been 
mixed. Mid-distillates were lower, when you look at it on a year-over-year basis, but of course, 

 
 
 
 
18 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
that was also offset by lower SAED. Our gasoline cracks were better when you compare it 
on a year-on-year basis.  
 
Downstream polymer margins, lower anywhere between 4% to 17% on the back of muted 
demand and also excess supply. So, you're seeing that. On the polyester side, margins have 
been on an integrated basis stable, as some of the PX improvement has been offset by 
weaker polyester delta. The market has been fairly tight for oil sourcing so some of the 
arbitrages have been lower.  
 
Q-on-Q performance was lower on the back of maintenance and inspection shutdown. I 
talked about that earlier on, which impacted yields and profitability, given the fact that reduced 
fuel production and lower like feed cracking. But it was fairly extensive in terms of the 
maintenance part of it. It was across units - across CDO across FCCU, Coker and ROGC. 
So, it was a large M&I (Maintenance and Inspection). And had it not been for this M&I on a 
year-on-year basis clearly the numbers would have been higher, and absolutely comparable 
to last quarter, if all these units were available for the whole quarter. 
 
Just a quick snapshot of the overall environment. You know clear highlight you can see our 
global oil demand 102 million barrels per day. It is up about 1.7 million barrels. So, if you see 
geography-wise, China is really one-and-a-half out of 1.7. Demand has been good even in 
the Americas and Asia. 
 
When you look at it from a product cut, you can see that Jet fuel demand has gone up by 1.1 
million barrels per day and gasoline 1.1. So, you can see that kind of demand and why both 
the geography and the product cut. 
 
On the Polymer side India demand was up 10%. Polyester was more muted at about 1%, but 
very broad-based demand, across agriculture, infrastructure, and packaging.  
 
Operating rates were clearly down as you can see 78.5% or 120 basis points drop. A lot of 
refinery maintenance we saw globally. 
 
On cracker operating units also operating rate further declined to 80.8% - almost 4% lower 
on the back of weak demand and on the back of excess supply in the market. 
 
This is the Indian oil demand, of which we have picked up the three important ones – gasoline, 
HSD and ATF. So overall demand up 2.1% year-on-year and if you see quarter-on-quarter it 
is up 5.5%. Gasoline – clearly travel has played a part, auto sales you can see booming 
growth, reflecting in demand for gasoline. HSD – more muted, but clearly there is very positive 

 
 
 
 
19 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
momentum in mining and industrial sectors. ATF very strong 11% Growth. You can see the 
recently released data on airline passenger traffic at 39.2 million in this quarter, it's up 9%. 
So, explaining why demand for ATF has been strong. 
 
When you come to the polymer market side, polymer demand up 10% YoY in aggregate but 
the components PE up 13%, PP more neutral at 3%, and PVC up 19%. So, PE specifically 
led by infrastructure pipes, on PVC the continuing focus by the government schemes for 
agricultural infrastructure. So that really explains why that that demand continues to be very 
strong. 
 
On the polyester side, clearly it is PET up 9% - beverage consumption was pretty strong 
during World Cup and the festive season on PSF and PFY which recording a little on the 
negative side is, due to some slowdown in terms of apparel exports.  
 
On this slide, you can see the deltas for PE, PP, PVC, all the three are lower, both on a year-
on-year basis as well as on a quarter-on-quarter basis. Polymer demand particularly that has 
been lower – you can see the fall, year-on-year PE is down 11% polypropylene is down 4%. 
Demand has been fairly subdued, particularly in China. There has been significant oversupply 
and the fact that feedstock prices have been firm, has meant that both the deltas have been 
lowered. PVC particularly has seen a much sharper margin correction down 17% on lower 
price realization and particularly because of the fact that EDC prices have been up 25%. So, 
there has been that kind of compression. 
 
Same story when you look at it on Q-o-Q basis is also, where PVC delta was down 26% on 
the back of 8% decline in product prices and 20% increase in EDC prices.  
 
However, for us, soft ethane price environment supported ethane cracking. As you know, 
ethane prices came off pretty sharply on a year-on-year basis – almost lower by 41%. So, 
some part of the economics for us on ethane cracking was pretty helpful.  
 
Polyester chain as I said, $488 a tonne flat on a year-on-year basis, though it is sequentially 
a little weaker. While we saw significant improvement in PX Delta, we also saw that it was 
offset by PTA delta being weak. MEG deltas were better, but it was on a lower base. Q-o-Q 
was more to do with PX margins being weaker. These margins were reduced because of 
higher supply on lower gasoline cracks. Overall polyester prices declined given a subdued 
China demand.  
 

 
 
 
 
20 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
Moving to the transportation fuel, on gas oil side the demand actually was a little bit weaker 
by 0.18 million barrels per day. Total demand for gas oil is about 29 million barrels per day 
so it was lower.  
 
But you can see the demand for India and China was much higher and there was a decline 
in Europe and Africa.  
 
The cracks did moderate both year-on-year basis and Q-o-Q on the back of Chinese exports 
because they released their third batch of export quotas and also supply from refineries as 
they came out of maintenance. Also, it is fair to say that inventory levels are continuing to 
remain high. So, while deltas are definitely lower, but you can see an absolute level they still 
remain in some sense healthy and overall outlook also for gas oil remains good.  
 
On Jet Kero again, you are seeing both year-on-year and sequential fall, but absolute levels 
of deltas at $24 are strong. Here there was an increase in demand of 1.1 million barrels per 
day and you'll see that it is primarily on account of Asia Pacific demand, which accounts for 
most of it. 
 
Also, by the cracks declined, as I said, both year-on-year and Q-o-Q, and this really followed 
trends of gasoil cracks, and weak seasonal demand, Chinese exports, all of them played a 
part in as far as why it was lower.  
 
And Asian regrade strengthened because of higher offtake in both the US and Europe.  
 
This is the slide for gasoline. Here year-on-year you did see increase to $7.6 per barrel. But 
when you look at the overall demand here also has been good up to 1.1 million barrels per 
day. You can see it entirely in Asia Pacific, so strong growth there. 
 
Overall cracks improved on the back of this demand in Asia.  
 
Also important for me to highlight that in 3Q of FY23 was fairly impacted because of supply 
due to refinery runs. At that time, you may recall that the mid-distillate cracks were pretty 
strong. So, refinery runs were strong, so a lot of gasoline got produced. So that sort of 
explains why it is higher on a year-on-year basis. Q-on-Q on the back of post-summer driving 
season and also increase supplies from refineries as they came out of maintenance.  
 
For us, this is the operating performance, throughputs at 18.7 million tonnes lower than what 
it was in 2Q FY24. And that, you know there is the aspect of M&I shutdown as detailed in 
which are the units which went up or shut down the CDU, the cocker and FCCU and ROGC.  

 
 
 
 
21 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
 
From our part, you know, we continue to focus on maximizing the arbitrage barrels as the 
official OSPs remained high. So that was important too for us to keep that focus on minimize 
feedstock costs. We focused a lot on getting on alkylate and high RON gasoline exports given 
that the premiums and netbacks are pretty good.  
 
Aromatic margins remained subdued and we optimized production to capture the overall 
chain margins. And for the first time, we dispatched a circular polymer, which is ‘CircuRepol’, 
which is really about minimizing plastic waste through chemical recycle as a part of 
sustainability initiative.  
 
On overall perspective, clearly this market is going to remain volatile on the back of OPEC 
actions, as well as the war. When you look at overall demand environment, you know, last 
year it was 2.3 million barrels per day, even 2024 calendar year, people are forecasting about 
1.2 million barrels per day and you know, China will continue to be a large component of the 
of the increase.  
 
Also overall, we do think that jet fuel cracks demand remains good. Gasoil cracks are also 
expected to remain firm, given the demand for jet fuel as well as the fact that there is limited 
availability of heavy crude. So, the context therefore, is that within this environment, it is fair 
to say that one can be constructive on refining margins in this environment of continuing 
demand for these products.  
 
On downstream side on the chemical side, clearly market is expected to remain well supplied 
in the near term. And overall, of course, the offset is the fact that domestic demand is remains 
resilient in line with the kind of economic activity that we're seeing in India.  
 
So just to bring it together overall, while the environment was what it was, I think our focus 
has been an operational discipline and despite all the dynamics in all the markets, you know, 
done well to be where we are. 
 
Whenever I refer to operational discipline is when this across businesses and you saw Dinesh 
talking through each of the parameters in Retail. Overall, we do see a strong domestic 
demand, and this is in both consumer as well as energy market, so that's pretty positive for 
us.  
 
Overall O2C earnings, you know, is going to remain a bit volatile because of market 
disruptions, but I think overall, refining margins, given the context that I described is favorable 
in that sense for some of the cracks there. However, downstream margins do remain a bit 

 
 
 
 
22 
© Reliance Industries Limited 2020 
pressured on the backdrop of feedstock prices being high as well as demand from China still 
being tepid.  
 
Overall, when you look at how we have seen look at revenue growth, you look at margin 
expansion, we are seeing it across our businesses. Jio the 5g infrastructure rollout in 
customer adds, the growth in data traffic, and the fact that many of these things are yet to be 
monetized. So, there are positive drivers for growth.  
 
Retail is in a good place. When you look at each of the verticals and the dynamics and, our 
own strategy against each of those formats, holds well for us.  
 
And, you know, we are on track to commence the New Energy facilities in phases starting 
end of this year.  
 
So, overall, I think cash flows remain strong, balance sheet remains strong, and moderating 
capex, you may have seen that capex in this quarter at about Rs 30,000 crores is significantly 
lower than the previous quarter, as well as what it was year-on-year. And cash profits are 
higher than what is the capex that we are spending. With this, you know, thank you so much 
for being on the call. 
 
