® 
| Vardhman 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
Delivering Excellence. Since 1965. 
CHANDIGARH ROAD 
LUDHIANA-141010, PUNJAB 
T: 
+91-161-2228943-48 
F: 
+91-161-2601048, 2222616, 2601040 
E: secretarial.lud@vardhman.com 
Vardhman 
| 
Ref. VSSL:SCY:FEB:2023-24 
Dated: 08-Feb-2024 
BSE Limited, 
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd, 
New Trading Ring, 
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Rotunda Building, P.J. Towers, 
Bandra (East), 
Dalal Street, MUMBAI-400001. 
MUMBAI-400 051 
Scrip Code: 534392 
Scrip Code: VSSL 
SUB: TRANSCRIPT OF EARNINGS CONFERENCE CALL OF VARDHMAN SPECIAL 
Sir, 
Pursuant to the provisions of Regulation 30 read with Part A of Schedule 
IlI of the 
SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please find 
enclosed herewith transcript of the earnings conference call of the Company held on 
5th February, 2024 to discuss the Company’s operational and financial performance 
for Q3 FY24. 
Kindly take the same on record. 
Thanking you, 
Yours faithfully, 
FOR VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
(SONAM DHINGRA) 
Company Secretary 
IRES 
| 
STEELS 
PAN NO.: AADCV48128B 
 CIN: L27100PB2010PLC033930 
WWW.VARDHMANSTEEL.COM
SONAM 
DHINGRA
Digitally signed by SONAM DHINGRA 
DN: c=IN, postalCode=141012, st=PUNJAB, 
street=HOUSE NO. 121-B ,LUDHIANA,141012, 
l=LUDHIANA, o=Personal, 
serialNumber=b09c707fc4f741fb18f54bfbc84b1ffe
97be24b137d8dbbb3f7f1edb86e95c74, 
pseudonym=a7ca790b23d74dc6becad3a90c08d0
77, 
2.5.4.20=53ace98660da7d7f91b5dbf8bb23eabcfe0
c921575933b925e673687fb584ff1, 
email=SONAMTANEJA32@GMAIL.COM, 
cn=SONAM DHINGRA 
Date: 2024.02.08 17:35:24 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 05, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAJENDAR REWARI – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MR. SANJEEV SINGLA – CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MS. SOUMYA JAIN – EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR – 
VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS LIMITED 
 
MRS. SONAM DHINGRA – COMPANY SECRETARY AND 
COMPLIANCE OFFICER – VARDHMAN SPECIAL STEELS 
LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. VATSAL – CHOICE EQUITY BROKING PRIVATE 
LIMITED 
 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Vardhman Special Steels Limited Q3 and Nine 
Months FY24 Earnings Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode 
and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should 
you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star, then 
zero on your touchtone phone. 
Please note that this conference is being recorded. I now hand the conference over to Mr. Vatsal 
from Choice Equity Broking Private Limited. Please go ahead, sir. 
Vatsal Vinchhi: 
Yes. Thank you, Tushar. Good morning, everyone. On behalf of Choice Equity Broking, 
welcome to the Q3 and nine months FY24 post results conference call of Vardhman Special 
Steels Limited. I also take this opportunity to welcome the senior management team. On today's 
call, we have with us Mr. Rajendar Kumar Rewari, Executive Director; Ms. Soumya Jain, 
Executive Director; Mr. Sanjeev Singla, CFO. Kindly refer to the Safe Harbor statements on the 
second slide of the earnings presentation. 
I will now invite the management for the opening remarks to be followed by Q&A session. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our earnings call for 
the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023. On call with me is Ms. Soumya Jain, 
who is our Executive Director and daughter of Mr. Sachit Jain; Mr. Sanjeev Singla, our CFO; 
Mrs. Sonam Dhingra, our Company Secretary and Compliance Officer. And we regret to inform 
you that Mr. Sachit Jain, because of some business engagements, will not be able to join this 
call, and we will answer all your questions. Thank you. 
Now the quarter three and nine months, which has gone by, overall quarter went very well in 
terms of operations. During this quarter, we had two shutdowns, one five-day shutdown for our 
furnace that means from the steel melting shop, and 13 days shutdown in the rolling mill. The 
purpose of taking this shutdown in the rolling mill was to add two additional stands, which are 
the equipment's for rolling. And with the installation of these two stands, we will be able to 
increase our rolling production by about 10,000 tons per annum. 
So, it was a first step for our revamping activities in our rolling mill to increase our production. 
In the second phase, we will be putting up another bigger re-heating furnace and Kocks mill. 
Those will take another 12 to 18 months to come forward. All these three activities are for the 
revamping of rolling mill, increasing our production to the next level and also giving the quality 
assured rolled bars to the market. So, this was about the production activity. 
As Sachit-sir has informed investors number of times that we are increasing our capacity to 
2,60,000 tons per annum of our steel making. So, in order to achieve that, we have already 
undertaken some initiatives. Rather, I will say we have executed some initiatives during the 
month of January and the progress is quite good. And hopefully, from next year onwards, we 
will be achieving the higher target of SMS production. 
The other important thing for you to note is on our ESG initiatives. In our earlier communication, 
everywhere we have said that our carbon footprint is 0.82 metric ton per ton of steel, emission 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
of carbon dioxide while we make steel. It has come down to another low level of 0.68 because 
government has changed some standard of calculating the footprint. So, I am going to say from 
the ESG point of view, it's a good development, whereas we informed in our Board meeting 
also, we have executed power purchase agreement of solar power plant on 16th December, '23. 
Ongoing capacity expansion, which we envisaged by adding the new equipment, is going on as 
per plan. And as we targeted about 800 tons per month, we have already achieved around 700 
tons per month. And in the subsequent months, it will further stabilize. Our collaboration with 
the Aichi team is going on well. All activities, their participation and our understanding about 
the product quality, safety, etc. is going on as per our schedule. 
Their engineers, their experts are there with us. Everything is going on as per our plan. As I said 
earlier, the quarter three, it went well as per our budgeted plan. But however, quarter three is 
always a little bit subdued because of various shutdowns being taken by the automobile 
manufacturers and forging plants. 
So therefore, we had lost some tonnage in the sales, about 6%. I think our sale was less, but we 
are hopeful that in the times to come, we will cover up that, and we will be able to achieve our 
annual target of around 200,000 tons. So, this is all about general, overall scenario is looking 
good. Our sales, everybody knows, is upbeat, manufacturers are upbeat. It looks good. 
So now I request Mr. Singla to go through the financial performance with you. Thank you. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Thank you, sir. In terms of financial performance for the quarter three, it is almost same, in terms 
of tonnage and in terms of revenue, as was in Q3 of the corresponding quarter of last year. Actual 
tonnage we have achieved is 46,400, which is 0.17% marginally higher than the Q3 of last year. 
And revenue from operations is almost same as in the Q3 last year. In terms of EBITDA, though 
on the face it is appearing to be lower, but I would like to say that this Q3 of last year was not 
comparable because of two reasons. 
One was that we have accounted INR 6.6 crores of GST refund in Q3 last year, which was 
pertaining to Q1 and Q2. And secondly, the price reduction of INR 1,700, which was pertaining 
to Q3 was decided in Q4. And accordingly, the price decrease was also factored in Q4. So, in 
last year, we have said that Q3 and Q4 is to be considered in total because Q3 some figures were 
booked in Q4. 
Overall EBITDA per ton in Q3 this year, it is INR 8,900, well within our stated range. And after 
all, our PAT for this quarter is INR 22 crores. And as far as Rewari-sir has already said that we 
are lagging a little behind in terms of our overall sales for the nine months, and which we are 
trying our best to meet our annual target of 2,00,000 tons. So that's all on our financial 
performance. Now I request for the question-and-answer session. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question 
is from the line of Angad from Sameeksha Capital. Please go ahead. 
Angad: 
Sir, my question was on the blended realization. Over the past five- six years, we have seen the 
blended realization has improved from INR 55,000 level to around INR 85,000 level. You had 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
mentioned FY24 this year will be a year of consolidation on volume front. So, can you just give 
us some trajectory on the blended realization? How do we look at it? Is this current level 
sustainable? And can you give us a perspective? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
So current level because of this INR 85,000 is basically decided by the market. Mostly, it is 
driven by the raw material prices. And as you will see that in the past two, three years after 
COVID, the raw material prices increased to a level which one never expected. And this INR 
85,000 figure was even more than INR 95,000 also. As of now, we see this revenue figure of 
INR 85,000 is more or less stable from the last, I will say, one year. And going forward also, we 
don't see much change in these figures. 
Angad: 
Okay. And one more question on the capacity levels. Since we'll hit the peak capacity in '26 and 
till the greenfield capacity comes, what are our plans to incrementally improve our sales and 
volume front? 
Rajendra Rewari: 
As we have already explained that we are doing various improvements in our process flow, we 
are increasing our own capacity, which we said that will be 2,60,000 metric tons per annum, 
which can also have a scope to increase it further. We will do that. Our own rolling mill is also 
we are increasing the capacity. And once we do the full revamp, then that capacity will also go 
up. So, I think that way, we will be able to meet the requirement of the market. 
Angad: 
Okay. And sir, I just wanted to understand on the frequency of the negotiations on the price level 
with OEMs. So, is it like quarterly? Or like what's the frequency level? And how do you 
implement the new price? Is it decided from the first stage? Like can you just throw some light 
on that? 
Rajendra Rewari: 
Normally, the price is quarter-wise. And that we have to negotiate with the OEMs. So broadly, 
it is based on the raw material price and a few other, if we are selling alloy steel than the price 
of nickel, moly, etc. But it has to happen quarterly, but sometimes there is always a lag between 
the finalization and the start of realization of that price. 
But to make it simple, it is based on the raw material prices. Raw material has few indices to 
note, it can be taken from various steel mills and other sites where it is declared, like shredded 
as well as the ingot price available in the Mandi Gobindgarh. So, these are the influencing 
factors. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Naman, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead. 
Naman: 
A couple of questions. First is if you are aware of that there is... 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Can you speak loudly, please, Naman? 
Naman: 
Yes, sure. Okay, I'll speak a little louder. Okay, my question number one is if we are aware that 
the plant is under maintenance or we are lagging behind target. But there's additional things 
which we always hear that we are building up the capacities of plants. So, what I mean to say is 
why we are not so proactive in managing this? Because that means we are aware of the situation 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
that our margins or our sales or we are not meeting the target. So why we not make up additional 
plants or capacity? Or why we are only doing it in a period where we are getting hit? 
And number two is, every year, we talk about Aichi and the future prospects there. But every 
year, we see the figures of exports are very negligible, 3% to 5%. So, these couple of things are 
not summing up. So that's the question on it. Or you can provide some detailed numbers or 
projections how the capacity of the plant, how the projections will lead us to a good number 
because that's what I've been expecting something to build up in the near future.  
And when we are talking about new capacities of plants, I'm sure I remember we talked earlier 
also something about NOCs and going up with the Ministry of Environment and all those green 
signals from PSPs. I'm sure management would have taken those considerations, too. But just 
want to know how things are at the current status and what's the projection? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes. Thank you very much, Naman. We appreciate your concerns. First of all, let me assure you 
that nothing is happening abruptly. Everything is well planned. As I explained, every shutdown 
is well planned, and we start building up our inventories to create the market, and we have not 
suffered any market share or any sales because of our planned shutdown. Number two, I will 
emphasize that in order to bring in improvement in the existing steel plant, it is almost imperative 
to have shutdowns. 
Otherwise, you know it is a hot metal. We can do some projects offline, but many of these 
activities have to be undertaken while taking the shutdown. The shutdown of furnace for five 
days is almost bi-annual or once in two years' time when we have to overhaul the furnace. That 
is also in the interest of capacity and it's a planned maintenance activity to avoid future 
breakdowns. So, this was the first part of your question. Second part was... 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Exports. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Exports. Exports are building up, and we are glad to inform you that in the last quarter also, it is 
one of the highest exports we have and how much is the... 
Sanjeev Singla: 
10%. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
It has now reached 10%. And in a couple of years' time, we want to reach to 25% to 30% of the 
total this thing. In steel for automobile, there is a little longer system. We have to first make the 
steel, then send the bars for approval, after that, once that is approved, then the parts are forged 
and then sent for approval. So, the lead time is in terms of a couple of years when we finally get 
approval. 
And to assure you that today, we have approval from all major automobiles, right, from Suzuki 
Maruti, Toyota, and many other leading manufacturers, we are in their approved list. Things will 
be moving and are moving as per our plan. There is nothing to worry. We are not going back to 
back on anything. Everything is happening. 
About -- you said about Aichi. We have also started supplying to Aichi and the Aichi, the way 
of doing business is that it will slowly build up. Maybe in the next year, we will see the higher 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
figures of export to Aichi also. And ultimately, it will reach up to 30,000 tons of steel in a couple 
of years' time, 20,000 to 30,000 tons per annum, which will increase our export element. 
However, this export will not appear as an export because we have to give it to a trading partner 
of the Aichi, who will buy from us in India and then we'll export. So, Naman, rest be assured 
that everything is going on as per plan. We will try to do as a team to better that. But I think this 
is the normal way of progressing. I hope I have been able to answer your questions. If still any 
point, please let us know. 
Naman: 
Yes, that great. That's very helpful. And the last one, about the new -- whatever we are talking 
about new additional capacities of plants. I hope all is done as per the government approvals, 
NOCs, PSPCL or Ministry of Environment... 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes, as per the Ministry of Environment clearance, everything is clear. We have been able to 
fulfil all the conditions laid down by the Pollution Control Board. All actions have been taken 
from our side. A lot of capex has also gone into that. But we are now fully complied up to 
300,000 tons of billet production, steel melting shop production. 
Naman: 
Congrats for that. So. I think, yes, we are looking forward to, I think, in the, hopefully, coming 
years, this export figures moving up, as you mentioned, and your Aichi partnership will really 
show some results. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Chetan Parikh, an Individual Investor. Please 
go ahead. 
Chetan Parikh: 
Yes. Sir, my first question is, so how do you look at the industry at this moment? And -- so how 
is the demand for the auto industry at the same point? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
At this moment, as I said, the last quarter was a little bit subdued because of the shutdowns. This 
quarter is looking normal. However, there is the news every day in the media that automobile 
sector is growing. So, we hope that if it grows, it will also be boost to the steelmakers for this 
segment, but it looks, I would say, normal to us. 
Chetan Parikh: 
Okay, sir. Sir, my next question is, as you mentioned earlier that we have started mass production 
for Aichi Steel. So, could you just throw a bit of light and update on the progress of the same? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Yes. Last year, in February, we have started the mass production, you are right. And as per our 
plan this year, we targeted that we will be doing exports to Aichi Forge in Southeast Asia about 
7,000 to 8,000 tons. So that is also in line. And accordingly, we will do that much of exports in 
the current year. And going forward, next year, our plans is that we will be doing about 13,000 
to 15,000 tons of exports. So gradually, it will increase. 
And as Rewari-sir has earlier said also that our exports are also increasing. But this sales to this 
Aichi Forge in Southeast Asia is getting merged in our domestic sales because we are selling to 
their trading partner in India. So, our exports, including this trading partner, will grow beyond 
20% in the next two to three years. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Chetan Parikh: 
Okay. The last question I would like to ask, is there any new expansion plans? If yes then how 
are we going to fund the capex? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
As of now, the capex which we have planned like Kocks block or this re-heating furnace, so all 
this announced capex will get completed by mid of next financial year. And as conveyed earlier 
also, so we will be funding this from our internal accruals only. Marginally, maybe we will have 
to go for some funding. But as of now, we don't have any such plans. So mostly, it will be funded 
through internal accruals. As far as the new project we are still to decide. Things are on the 
drawing board only. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Radha. Please go ahead. 
Radha: 
This is for 5%, and in this quarter, you said it's 10%. So, could you give some insights on whether 
it was due to new customers or you saw a higher share of business with the existing customers, 
how is it? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Can you please repeat? your voice was cut in between.. 
Radha: 
Sir, I said that exports in the last quarter it was at 5%. And this quarter, if I heard it correctly, 
you mentioned that it's 10%. So, could you please give us some insight as to whether it was due 
to new customer wins or increasing your share of business from existing customers? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
It was a blend of that. There were new customers also and the existing customer also. So, it is a 
blend of that. And I think, as I said earlier, that new business comes on the basis of approval. 
So, we are getting some approvals. As the approvals come then comes the demand. So, it is 
blend, mostly from both new customers also and the existing ones also. 
Radha: 
And sir, two quarters back Mr. Jain has mentioned that we are yet to receive approvals from 
Yamaha and Musashi as our customers in the exports market. So, in this quarter, have you seen 
sales as a result of approvals that we have received from them? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
No, all approvals are in progress, but we have still not received any approval and any sales 
demand accordingly. It will take maybe a quarter more. There is sufficient progress in this 
matter. 
Radha: 
And sir, in terms of geographies, we are exporting to Thailand and Saudi. Anywhere additional 
I am missing other than these regions? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
I think at this moment, our major export is in Thailand only because Thailand has lot many 
forging hub. So that is our first target. Plus our partner, Aichi, has a major forging plant in 
Thailand, Indonesia, so in this region only. However, now we are making efforts and exploring 
the markets of Europe also. But at this moment, we are concentrated in Thailand because 
Thailand is offering us the opportunity to grow. 
Radha: 
Okay. Sir, lastly, you mentioned that some new projects are on the drawing board. So, would 
that be in the specialty steel itself or anything else you're looking for? 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Rajendar Rewari: 
At the moment, our vision is to focus towards automobile segment only. However, while we 
travel ahead, whatever opportunity comes in our way shall be evaluated and accordingly, 
sufficient other required steps will be taken in that segment. But at this moment, we are 
automobile-centric manufacturer. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Angad from Sameeksha Capital. 
Angad: 
Sir, two small bookkeeping questions. Sir, what is our electric and nonelectric volume mix for 
this quarter and also for the nine months FY24? And if you could just give us the vehicle category 
figures as well, the passenger vehicle, commercial and 2-wheeler split, that will be helpful. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Angad, as discussed in our earlier various meetings also, in case you will ask me the share, our 
overall share, about 40% goes into the passenger vehicles and about 32% to 34% is in the 2-
wheelers. And the rest is to the commercial vehicles and the various other types of vehicles and 
some share is also going to Tier 1s for which we are not aware about where they are supplying. 
So those Tier 1s are having the approvals from their own OEMs. So, it is a broad, I will say, 
bifurcation of our revenue. That mostly it is to the passenger vehicles and the 2-wheelers. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
And you asked about the electrical and non-electrical. Our electrical supply to EVs should be 
around 5% or 6% of the total sales. And at this moment, we are only 5% to 6% level only. 
Angad: 
Very helpful, sir. And sir, one small question. The other income for this year, so how do we look 
forward in terms of the other income since it includes the GST refunds, electricity incentives, 
like how many years will this continue going forward? And what is the sustainable number? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes. Mr. Singla will answer this. But I can tell you that it is based on the government policies 
we calculate, and then only we take cognizance of that. But as per my understanding, it will go 
past 10 years' time, it will continue accruing. Mr. Singla, if you want to add something to it? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Yes. Sir, you are right that it will continue for 10 years in terms of electricity duty exemption 
and seven years for GST refund. And we have a second application also for the benefits for the 
expansion which we have undertaken for our rolling mill. And from the completion of that 
expansion, again, we will be getting this additional sanction of seven years and 10 years. So, 
going forward, we can say that it will continue up to '32 to '35, financial year '32 to '35. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Ritwik Sheth from One Up Financial. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Sir, two questions from my end. Firstly, what is the pricing negotiation that we are currently 
undertaking with the auto OEMs? 
Rajendra Rewari: 
Sorry, say it again? 
Ritwik Sheth: 
What are the pricing negotiations that we are undergoing with the auto OEMs? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
So as you are aware that mostly earlier, it was on half yearly. But from last two, three years, it 
is on a quarterly basis. From October '23, we have received a price increase of INR 3,600 from 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
some of the OEMs. And further, there is a decrease also agreed from 1st of January, '24 of INR 
1,700. And one or two OEMs still, the discussion is going on. So most probably, the same will 
be settled within February or March. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. So Q3, we saw… 
Rajendar Rewari: 
And it takes time. Ritwik it takes time, you know how it happens with the OEMs. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Right. Okay. And what is the raw material like versus the last three to six months? How has the 
raw materials, mainly the scrap, behaved in the last three to six months for us? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Raw material prices have come down. If we see, at our cost, I must say our prices have gone 
down by approximately 2% in the raw material cost in absolute terms. I must say, the raw 
material market looks calm. It has not been so volatile in the last six months, and this is stable 
towards downward side. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Yes. Okay. Got it. And just a follow-up on the previous question on the electricity and the GST 
incentive that we are receiving. So, for electricity, you mentioned for 10 years. So, this will be 
in the range of INR 5 crores to INR 6 crores per quarter. So close to INR 20 crores per year for 
10 years, right? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Yes. Taken together, GST and electricity is about INR 5 crores to INR 6 crores, INR 5 crores, 
INR 5.5 crores in a quarter. 
Ritwik Sheth: 
Okay. Combined, it is INR 5 crores to INR 6 crores in a quarter. Okay. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Yes. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Hiten Boricha from Sequent Investment. Please 
go ahead. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Sir, my question is on the volume side. As you mentioned that some of the reports are suggesting 
that the demand in the auto sector is coming back, especially in like Q3-end or January or so. So 
just wanted to understand how confident we are to achieve this volume of 2 lakhs because we 
have done only around 142,000 kind of volume in nine months, and so we had to do around 
57,000 tons kind of volume. So how confident we are to achieve this kind of volume? This is 
my first question, sir. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
We are quite confident that we will achieve this volume. And the first indication is January, so 
our sales in January is as per our plan. And we shall complete the rest of two months or so to be 
in the vicinity of 2,00,000 tons sales volume. So, we are confident. 
Hiten Boricha: 
Okay. And my second question is on the volume for next year, sir. So, as you also spoke about 
increase in exports and other markets, Aichi volume is also going to come back. So just wanted 
to understand what kind of volume we are targeting next year, sir? And also, you can throw some 
light on EBITDA per ton. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Rajendar Rewari: 
As far as next year is concerned, I think, as I said that the effect of two stands in the rolling mill 
will give us an increase of 10,000 tons per annum. So that 10,000 tons will surely come. And if 
we were able to push that, that I think maybe I foresee sure shot 10% increase in the sales for 
next year if it is -- 8% to 10% if it goes well, that will happen. 
Hiten Boricha: 
With similar kind of EBITDA, right, sir? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
EBITDA it depends on various things. Our normal guidance remains that our EBITDA will 
remain between INR 7,000 to INR 10,000 per ton. It will remain same. And could be at a mean 
level or higher of the mean level we wish. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Aniket Redkar an investor. Please go ahead. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Sir, I have a couple of questions. So, I just want to understand how does the company ensure 
environmental sustainability and responsible manufacturing practices in its operation? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
The sustainability is our one of the main objective. As I said, we will be probably in the alloy 
steel company, we proactively got our carbon footprints calculated from the CII. So once the 
figures came to us, as we have said a number of times, it was 0.82 tons of carbon dioxide per 
ton of steel making. And then we understood while we undertook this study, various factors, and 
the first action was envisaged by Mr. Sachit Jain, our Vice Chairman, to go in for solar. 
So, because most of the carbon footprints are coming from the usage of electricity, which is 
normally based on coal. So as a company, we have already executed the agreement to get about 
25 to 30-megawatt of solar power into the system for usage of our steelmaking. So, 40% of our 
power will be the solar power, the project will be completed by the end of December, maybe the 
benefit will accrue to us on next year. 
Secondly, we are also doing, with the help of Aichi, various improvements in our manufacturing. 
By virtue of it, we will be able to save some of the electricity, which will also add to the carbon 
footprint. So, this is one part of the carbon footprint. And we, as a company, Mr. Sachit Jain is 
also spearheading the circular economy. 
Circular economy is that we will buy the scrap from, let's say, just to give you an example that 
if we are supplying steel to Maruti, we will sell this steel to Maruti and scrap will be purchased 
by us to reuse for making this steel for Maruti. So, these kind of discussions are undergoing and 
maybe in six months' time onward, we shall be able to formulate some such policy. 
And also, we are also in the process of increasing the green areas. In our plant and outside our 
plant also, we are planting Miyawaki forest. This Miyawaki forest is a process by virtue of 
which, it is Japanese technology, the forest grows very fast. So that way, we have already 
undertaken the forest activity for about 10 acres by now, and we have a very large objective in 
this. So, this is what we are doing on the sustainability front. 
Anything, Mr. Singla, you want to add? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
No, that's okay. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Aniket Redkar: 
Great. And sir, how does the company stay competitive in the market considering the dynamic 
nature of the steel industry? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Staying competitive in the market, first is having the confidence of customers by giving the good 
quality steel and customer service given in time. So, we are ensuring that our relationship is 
maintained, our product quality is also maintained, and it serves the purpose. With the help of 
Aichi, we are constantly trying to improve our quality as well and we are also doing a lot of 
product developments with our existing customers. 
So, all these things will always bring us closer to the market through our vendors. And we know 
what is happening following the trends. As I said, sustainability is one of the big buzz for today 
in the OEMs. We are following that direction also. And following the Aichi's culture of safety 
first, quality second, productivity third, and cost fourth. So, we are following that line of 
direction, all of which is giving us good results. 
We are growing with each customer, wherever we are, in terms of volume. And also, we are 
adding customers in the market. 
Aniket Redkar: 
Okay. And sir, one last question. Any guidance for top line and bottom line for FY24 and '25? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
I think we normally don't give any guidance, but it should be in the same level as we are today. 
As I said that some improvement can be with the extra sales. And the effect of that will follow 
to the bottom line as well is what we hope. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
FY24, as Rewari-sir has already confirmed, that we are targeting to achieve earlier last year 
figure of 2,00,000 tons because this was a consolidation year. And going forward, he has also 
confirmed that we are targeting and budgeting 7% to 10% increase over volumes in the next 
year. 
Moderator: 
And the next question is from the line of Rohan Mehta, an Individual Investor. Please go ahead 
sir. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Sir, as you mentioned to the previous person that guidance for this coming year. So out of this, 
would you be able to guide in terms of what the share of exports might be for FY24? Or even a 
ballpark figure for the next whole year as well? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
I think for the current year, we shall be closing around 10% of this 
Sanjeev Singla: 
As a whole, for the full financial year, we are expecting 7% to 8% of the total turnover will be 
the exports, including what we are exporting to Aichi Forge through their trading partners. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Right, right. Right, sir. Okay. So that is still higher than earlier? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes, it is growing. And in the next two, three years, we have an objective to reach 25%. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. So, this 20% to 25% would be around in how many years, sir? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
By FY27. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. All right, sir. And sir, over the last couple of quarters, Sachit-ji has also mentioned that 
our association with Aichi should open up access to Southeast Asian markets as well. So, is there 
any visibility on that, sir? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes, I think with the help of Aichi, we have got foot in the door everywhere wherever we have 
found or whatever market or customers we are trying to aim at. Definitely, it is giving us good 
help and good assistance. As I said, it is a little long process to get approvals and other 
formalities. So, it takes one year to two years' time. So, I think in the next year, some positive 
outcome, we will be glad to share with you. 
Rohan Mehta: 
All right, all right. Okay, sir. And sir, I think our billet capacity has increased to over 2 lakhs -- 
almost 260,000 tons. So, if you could throw some light on how this was achieved? And also, 
what the rolling mill capacity is going to look like, sir? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
The steelmaking capacity is increasing because of various factors. One is that we are improving 
our scrap. So, scrap mix has improved. The second is that at the operation level, we are reducing 
our power-on time and power-off time. Power-on time is when furnace is on to melt the steel, 
and power-off time is when we will be ready for the next heat. 
So those results are quite encouraging. By virtue of that, we will get more operative time from 
the furnace, and if we get more operative time from the furnace, then we will get more number 
of heats every day. So that's how we are achieving. That is of the steel melting shop, and I have 
already explained that the rolling mill, we are revamping our rolling mill. 
And in two, three phases, we will be able to increase the capacity there also. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Understood, sir. Understood. So, for the billet capacity, we can take the current utilization levels 
as the standard going forward. Is that correct, sir? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes, we will improve on that surely in the next year. From next year, there will be improvement. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. Sir, just last couple of questions. Any production benefit that we can expect by our last 
couple of recent plant shutdowns that we did? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes. We have already said that the major shutdown was from the rolling mill and that we 
envisaged the excess production of about 800 tons per month. We have already achieved up to 
700 tons. As it is stabilizing, we will achieve that. So, you can say that is mission almost 
accomplished. 
Rohan Mehta: 
Okay. And last, sir, any plans of a greenfield expansion on the horizon longer term? 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Yes, but I don't have any firm news to share at this moment. Things are still in the thinking 
frame. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 

 
Vardhman Special Steels Limited 
 
 
February 05, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Rajendar Rewari: 
First of all, thank you very much for joining us. Overall, we feel that the market conditions are 
normal, and rather we feel encouraged by the sales of automobile sector, everything is going up. 
So, we are quite optimistic. But as far as the EBITDA levels are concerned, those also appear to 
be under our control and raw material is also supporting our EBITDA. 
So by and large, things are going on well. Our relationship with Aichi is also getting stronger 
and stronger. Our efforts on our ESG are improving, and we will sharpen this in future. All 
planned acts have been envisaged, positive action has been taken on that in terms of solar power 
or various other things. So by and large, financial position of your company is also good. So 
overall, I think we stay positive for future. Thank you. 
I will ask Mr. Singla to add. 
Sanjeev Singla: 
So, thank you all for joining us on the conference call. And as Rewari-sir has said, we are all 
optimistic and are in line with our targets and plans. So, thank you, thank you, all. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Ms. Soumya-ma'am, will you like to say something? 
Moderator: 
Hello, sir, Soumya-ma'am maybe disconnected. So, should we conclude? 
Sanjeev Singla: 
Okay. 
Rajendar Rewari: 
Okay. Yes, we shall conclude. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Choice Equity Broking Private Limited, that concludes this conference. Thank you 
for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
