 
 
 
February 9, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  
Rotunda Bldg., P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001 
Scrip Code: 543965 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, 
Plot No. C/1, G Block, 
Bandra-Kurla Complex, 
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051 
NSE Symbol: TVSSCS 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
Sub: Transcript of earnings call with analysts/ investors  
 
Pursuant to Regulations 30 read with Para A of Part A of Schedule III and other applicable 
provisions of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended, we attach herewith the transcript of TVS 
Supply Chain Solutions Limited (“Company”), analyst call held on February 6, 2024, to 
discuss the financial results for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 
 
The transcript is also uploaded in the Company’s website https://www.tvsscs.com/investor-
relations/ 
 
Kindly take the above information on record. 
 
Thanking You, 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
P D KRISHNA PRASAD  
Company Secretary  
 
 
Enclosure: As above 
PADOOR 
DORASWAMI 
KRISHNA PRASAD
Digitally signed 
by PADOOR 
DORASWAMI 
KRISHNA PRASAD 
Date: 2024.02.09 
21:19:05 +05'30'

Page 1 of 15 
 
 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 06, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. RAVI VISWANATHAN – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. RAVI PRAKASH – GLOBAL CFO – TVS SUPPLY 
CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
MR. NARAYANAN – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS – 
TVS SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 15 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to the TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Narayanan, Head Investor Relations at TVS Supply Chain 
Solutions. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
Narayanan: 
Thank you, Michelle. Good evening everyone and welcome to the TVS Supply Chain Solutions 
earnings call for Q3 FY24 and the nine months ended 31st December 2023. We have with us 
today Mr. Ravi Viswanathan, Managing Director and Mr. Ravi Prakash, Global CFO. Our 
financial results and investor presentation have been posted on the company's website and the 
stock exchanges. We will commence the call with opening remarks from our management team 
followed by an open forum for Q&A.  
Before we begin, I'd like to point out that some of the statements made during today's call may 
be forward-looking in nature and must be reviewed in conjunction with the risks that the 
company faces. A disclaimer that the effect has been included in the earnings presentation that 
has been shared. I will now hand it over to Mr. Ravi Viswanathan, Managing Director, to make 
the opening remarks. Over to you, Ravi. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Narayanan and good evening to all of you. I would like to welcome you once again 
to our earnings call to discuss our Q3 and nine months FY24 performance. I will share with you 
the highlights of our performance and my colleague, Ravi Prakash, the CFO of the company will 
then take you through the analysis of our numbers. We look forward to interacting with you as 
part of the Q&A.  
I thought before I begin, I will provide a brief background of our company for the benefit of 
those participants who might be joining our analyst calls for the first time. TVS Supply Chain 
Solutions is an end-to-end supply chain solution provider with capabilities across the value 
chain. We operate our business in two segments. We call it the Integrated Supply Chain 
Solutions or ISCS segment and Network Solutions or NS segment. Technology is a key element 
of the value we bring to our customers and we deploy an asset-like business model across both 
segments. 
 
Our presence spans four continents, Asia, Europe, North America, and Oceania. We have a 
customer base and in-house supply chain expertise that cuts across multiple sectors. Our 
customer relationships are highlighted by long-term customer association with our top 
customers. 
 
To summarize, TVS Supply Chain Solutions is an Indian multinational with a set of capabilities 
compared with the largest players in the sector. The management focus is on profitable growth 
and leveraging our capabilities and supply chain expertise. We are working towards our growth 
vision to be among the top 50 logistics companies worldwide. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 15 
 
 
With that short introduction, I shall now move to the performance highlights for Q3 and nine-
months FY24. We had another strong quarter where continued growth momentum and margin 
expansion in the Integrated Supply Chain Solutions drove the company's return to profitability. 
The ISCS segment delivered double-digit growth consistent with its performance in the earlier 
quarters. 
 
Q3 revenues grew 14.7% year-on-year and on a nine-month basis, the segment grew 16.1%. It 
is important to point out that this strong growth was despite the United Auto Workers strike 
which impacted our ISCS segment in North America for the month of October. On a year-on-
year basis, the ISCS segment revenues grew across all our key geographies, India, Europe, and 
North America. Both expansion and current customer engagements and new business wins drove 
growth of segmental revenue in the ISCS segment. 
 
Another key highlight of quarterly performance was the margin expansion in the ISCS segment. 
ISCS's margins for the quarter were 10.5%, a 50 basis point improvement year-on-year. On a 
nine-month basis, the ISCS segments were 10.4% which was 160 basis points higher compared 
to the nine months in FY23. 
 
Within the Network Solution segment or the NS segment, the integrated final mile or IFM 
business revenues were steady on a year-on-year basis. There were some churn of customers 
which were offset by growth in other engagements and new wins.  
The global forwarding solutions or GFS business revenues reflected the global trend of 
slowdown in freight. Ocean freight rates for the quarter were within a narrow band and freight 
volumes reflected the industry's trend and were weak across trade lanes. As you might know, 
the situation in the Red Sea is something that is being watched carefully. Attacks on fleet in the 
Red Sea forced changes in the shipping route with liners choosing to travel around Africa to 
reach the Mediterranean or the Atlantic instead of through the Red Sea and the Suez Canal. 
 
This has resulted in increase in sailing time between Asia and Europe by 15 to 20 days. The 
delay impacted about 5% of our monthly volumes in December. Apart from the delay, this has 
also resulted in longer turnaround times resulting in shortage of container capacity. Vessel 
owners are now levying surcharges for the longer sailing. This is one of the factors behind the 
spike in flight indices since end December. For freight forwarders like us, this surcharge is 
mostly a direct pass through to the customer without gain in absolute margins. 
 
You'd appreciate that it is difficult to plan for such externalities. Having said that, we continue 
to monitor the situation carefully to make best use of tactical pricing opportunities in this volatile 
market. On a year-on-year basis, our NS segment revenues were 24.9% lower. Our margins for 
the NS segment were consistent on a quarter-on-quarter basis at 4.4%. 
 
In the integrated final mile or IFM, we continue to implement pricing revisions and operational 
efficiency initiatives aimed at margin improvement. In GFS, our focus has been on procurement 
efficiency and operational efficiency, and that has helped soften the impact of low rates. 
Additionally, we have also taken specific cost reduction measures. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 15 
 
 
On a consolidated basis, revenue for the quarter was 1.8% lower sequentially and 6.4% down 
year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA margins for Q2 were 7.8%, a 70 bps improvement year-on-
year. On a nine-month basis, our revenues were lower by 11.7% year-on-year. However, our 
adjusted EBITDA margins were higher by 120 basis points, which drove a 4.1% growth in 
adjusted EBITDA despite a double-digit revenue decline. So with this background, I will hand 
it over to Ravi Prakash, our global CFO, who can walk you through the detailed analysis of the 
said numbers. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Thank you, Ravi. Good evening, everyone, and thank you for joining our earnings call. Let me 
take you through the highlights of the financial performance for Q3 and the nine months ended 
December 31st, 2023. Let me start by giving you a brief about the strategic interventions that 
we have been taking. 
If you recollect, in the last quarter's analyst call, we had explained the discontinuation and sale 
of one of our subsidiaries to drive better focus on our core business, which was the Circle 
Express business. As part of that same journey towards simplifying our business and corporate 
structure, our Board approved a draft scheme of amalgamation, which provides for the merger 
of entities with and into TVS Supply Chain solutions. These are mostly wholly-owned 
subsidiaries in India. 
We have provided an overview of this on page four of the investor presentation. The detail is 
also available in our disclosures filed with Stock Exchange. Our expectation is the merger of 
these subsidiaries should create synergies in operations as well as drive business development. 
Another important step we took during the quarter was on repayment of borrowings. We have 
used the IPO proceeds and funds from other sources to repay all our long-term loans. We had 
indicated this in our earlier earnings call, but now we can report that we have completely paid 
our long-term borrowings and the company now only has working capital debt on its balance 
sheet. 
Ravi Vishwanathan gave you an overview of the business in the quarter and in specific, the 
challenging revenue segment situation we are facing in one of our segments. I would, however, 
like to highlight how the Company has been able to leverage very strong procurement, operating 
efficiencies, and discipline to deliver a positive PBT of INR 0.6 crores for the quarter and a 
profit after tax of INR 10 crores. As we had indicated earlier, we had expected a quarter-on-
quarter improvement, Q2 better than Q1 and Q3 better than Q2, and that is what we have been 
able to deliver.  
Talking about the core operational performance, we have been able to grow adjusted EBITDA 
margin 70 basis points year-on-year for the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA, as you might be aware, 
is EBITDA which has been adjusted for employee stock option costs and any loss in foreign 
exchange translations which are not operational in nature. 
So, continuing from adjusted EBITDA, if you were to compute the EBIT or the operating 
income, again adjusting for ESOP costs and loss in forex, you will notice that even the EBIT 
margins have held reasonably steady despite the difficult revenue environment. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 15 
 
We have in the past spoken about a focus on operational efficiencies. This quarter's performance 
reiterates this resilience and our ability to maintain our core operational profitability. In addition, 
we were able to gain the full benefit of the interest cost reduction from repayment of borrowings 
in this quarter. I would like to again, once again, bring to your attention that we have repaid all 
our term loans.  
Let me move on to an analysis of key line items. Revenue from the operations for the quarter 
was INR2,221.8 crores compared to INR 2,262.9 in the previous quarter and INR 2,373.4 in Q3 
FY23. Business development revenues contributed INR 227 crores in Q3, which is 
approximately 10% of the reported revenue. And that trend has been consistent for the last few 
quarters. 
Revenue from operations for nine months was INR 6,773.87 crores compared to INR 7,672.8 
crores last year. I would like to point out that in nine months, the GFS revenue has dropped by 
almost INR 1,500 crores, but a significant portion of that has been made up through the growth 
in the supply chain segment, pointing to the resilience within the company's portfolio. Other 
income for the quarter was INR 21.6 crores compared to INR 8.3 crores in Q2 and INR 27.7 
crores last year. And for nine months, it was INR 48.1 crores. 
A brief explanation of how a few major line items have evolved. Freight clearing and forwarding 
expenses have reduced, driven by a decline in freight rates and procurement efficiencies. You 
will notice that the decline in freight and other handling expenses is greater than the revenue 
decline, pointing to the improvement in variable margin. They were down 34% and 44.5% year-
on-year for the quarter and 9 months. 
Employee benefit expenses for the quarter was INR 552.3 crores versus INR 501.4 crores in the 
prior year and INR 572.8 in the previous quarter. The key reason for the reduction in employee 
expenses in this quarter is the United Auto Workers strike in North America, which resulted in 
a reduction in the variable labour that we had deployed in some of our assignments. 
The year-on-year increase is driven by additional assignments that we have got in the UK, which 
is absorbed within the gross margin of the ISCS segment. We have provided the segmental 
results for the ISCS and NS segments on page 21 of the investor presentation. Consolidated 
adjusted EBITDA for Q3 was INR 173.6 crores, about 7.8% staying consistent with what it was 
last quarter and about 120 basis points better than what it was a year ago. 
As I mentioned earlier, we have derived benefit from the reduction in interest costs as a result 
of the repayment of borrowings. The sum of all this, the combination of strong ISCS growth, 
strong EBITDA and the reduction in interest meant that we have been able to achieve a break-
even profit of INR 0.6 crores compared to a loss of INR 4.5 crores in the last quarter. 
In the tax line, you will notice a credit in this quarter. That is because of the reversal of a deferred 
tax liability which was created in the previous periods in our overseas subsidiaries and as a result, 
we have a INR 10 crores profit after tax for the quarter. 
 
This concludes the summary on financial and now I will hand it back to Ravi Viswanathan. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 15 
 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you, Ravi Prakash. So, the key highlight of the performance is the fact that we have been 
able to navigate a difficult external situation while ensuring robust core operational performance. 
The quarter also showcases the inherent strength of our business portfolio. We have been able 
to both grow revenues and margins in the ISCS segment business consistently to help drive 
consol margins year-on-year. 
And if you just reflect on what Ravi Prakash said that the network solution segment, the nine-
month revenue decline was close to INR 1,500 crores but at the same time, the adjusted EBITDA 
for nine months was actually higher by almost INR 20 crores over the same nine-month period 
from last year. So, it reflects a lot about the company's ability to focus on our core operations. 
 
Our business development efforts continue to deliver results. You will see in the earnings 
presentation that for the quarter, INR 227 crores of revenue came from new business. During 
the quarter, we had new contract wins in both segments. We further expanded our engagement 
with the US-based agri-equipment manufacturer with increase in scope of work. Some of the 
new contracts we have won includes contract to manage freight for a European truck OEM, a 
3PL solution for a large CV / passenger car OEM, a tech support engagement with a global 
healthcare devices company amongst many others. 
 
Our pipeline of new opportunities is strong and currently presents a revenue opportunity in 
excess of INR 4,000 crores. And our focus is really on, I think I mentioned it earlier, we have a 
global account management. We are working on targeting large partnership with customers 
spanning multiple geographies. So, the ability for us to bring all of our capabilities to bear and 
therefore be able to cross sell with large customers and also take some of our core offerings to 
multiple geographies in which the customer is present is something we have taken as a key 
initiative and we are seeing early results of that. 
In summary, external challenges in the freight business aside, we see positive demand drivers 
across our geographies. We are confident on building on our strengths to overcome external 
challenges and grow our business profitably. 
 
With that, I would like to open the floor for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for the opportunity. The first question, with respect to top 
line. So, if you look at the Network Solutions piece, Q-o-Q, there is a drop. And part of that is 
as you said about the Red Sea disruption causing some volume shifting. Can you elaborate a 
little bit here? 
 
And also, the second question I had with respect to seasonality. Is there any element of 
seasonality like 3Q to 4Q, one should see a increase? And also, if you could give some sense 
about the volume, increase or decrease on a Q-o-Q, Y-o-Y basis for network solution for the 
freight business specifically, please? 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 15 
 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Okay. Thank you, Achal. Let me just take the first part of the question and then Ravi Prakash 
can take the second part. If you look at our Network Solutions business, the Q-o-Q decline, I 
would say it is more a global trend on the forwarding business. The Red Sea actually is not 
disrupting the, it's taking more, I just said that it takes longer time for the, longer sailing time to 
the vessels. And as a result, some of the delivery which is supposed to happen in December are 
going to happen in January. 
 
So, I would say that is a very small portion of the revenue decline, but I would say the larger 
volume decline is price-based, which I think all of you are well aware of. We are coming off, 
absolute COVID peak of $4,000, $5,000 per container to about a steady state of about 2,200, 
2,265 kind of numbers. So, that's probably the reason for the revenue decline more than anything. 
 
And on volumes, Ravi Prakash, do you want to add anything specifically also about the IFM 
seasonality? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, Achal, maybe let me supplement what Ravi Viswanathan has already said. See, the Red Sea 
impact in December was probably to about 5% of our volumes and therefore 5% of our revenues. 
And that revenue should come through in January, but it'll give you a sense of what it was. 5% 
of the month of December's volume is what I'm talking about. 
In terms of seasonality's, October, November, December, December is a bit of a soft month for 
the IFM business in the UK. And normally, if you compare Q2 versus Q3, it's not -- Q3 is 
normally softer, and Q4 is slightly better than Q3. Maybe I'm not putting an exact number on it, 
but in general, the trend would be that Q3, you would expect it to be a little bit softer. 
In February, the one thing that you'll have to keep in mind is there is Chinese New Year. But in 
general, if you are talking about Q3 results, IFM softness, because of December, as well as the 
Red Sea, like I said, impact of 5%. That was what it is. Other than that, volumes, I think, have 
held steady or probably slightly lower in trading for some of our key customers. And we are 
looking to business development to make it up. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Because when I look at the freight rate, it's gone up 5% Q-o-Q, while we have seen 
a drop, roughly about similar 5% Q-o-Q in Network Solutions. That was the reason I thought I'll 
ask this question. The second question I had was with respect to the cost reduction measures sir 
if you could highlight what actions have we taken, the efficiencies, if you could quantify these 
pieces, please. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes. So, Achal, I'll address the cost, but maybe if you don't mind, can I just make one more 
comment on the top line? Because it's important. It is not in the network, but in the supply chain 
segment, the impact of the UAW strike was about $2.6 million for the quarter. So that's 
something that please do keep in mind. 
Now, coming back to the cost measures, we have taken significant steps, both in the freight 
forwarding business and the IFM business to start step changing our overhead structure. So, in 
Q3, those cost measures have already gone into place in multiple geographies in GFS, in the 
freight forwarding solutions. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 15 
 
And the P&L includes some of the restructuring costs that we have taken in Q3. They are 
expected to continue in Q4. And the cost measures in IFM, again, similar, we have taken steps 
on the overhead side, some in Q3, but a significant portion is going to happen in Q4 as well. 
The objective of all this is, I think we always message that very soon we would like to get back 
to the normalized margins in this segment. Right now, the margins are around 4.8, 4.9. And we 
were always aiming to get to a 5.6% here. And these steps are towards getting there. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. So, is it fair to say that, given the impact of these actions, in the near term, there will be 
pressure on margins the way it is, and in a couple of quarters or three quarters, it should start 
showing improvement. Is that a fair understanding, sir? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Absolutely. So, Achal, Q3 had restructuring costs in it. Q4 will also have some restructuring 
costs. I can't talk about the exact number, but it is likely to have. But the benefits should 
definitely start showing up from Q1 of FY25. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. Sir, another question I had with respect to restructuring the slide, what you have 
added in PPT. Can you elaborate a little bit as to those five entities? How does it work in terms 
of any impact in terms of operations / financials, this amalgamation? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, if I talk about the five entities, four of them are wholly owned subsidiaries, Achal. Global 
Freight Solutions India. So, TVS SCS Global Freight Solutions is the Indian subsidiary of SCS 
India, which does the freight forwarding business. That will get amalgamated into the standalone 
company. White Data Systems is a technology provider for both the Network Solutions and 
ISCS solutions. 
SPC International is a repair business, which is more in line with an IFM business. Flexol 
Packaging is a packaging business. So, these four are wholly owned subsidiaries when they are 
merged into SCS India. For investors, actually, SCS India then truly represents, except for one 
or two subsidiaries, the full breadth of our India business. 
` 
Today, we are having to actually pro forma present the size of the Indian business. The numbers 
will be very transparent. The two other benefits is when we bring the resources from all this into 
SCS India, we expect a significant improvement in business development because now all 
products, network solutions and ISCS, can be offered under one legal entity and one umbrella 
to all our customers. 
 
And there's obviously knowledge and leveraging of customer contacts. So, that's one big benefit. 
Then, of course, there are the obvious benefits in terms of operational synergies in the support 
functions as well as the compliance part. Last, of course, cash pooling as well, because you get 
much better leverage in cash. 
So, that is the reason that these four entities and we are actually indicated as such even during 
our IPO journey that we will be looking to, over a period of time, simplify our corporate structure 
and we have taken that step. Mahogany Logistics is actually a shareholder of TVS SCS. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 15 
 
 
It's a fully owned subsidiary of Mahogany, another entity which is also called Mahogany supply 
chain, Mahogany Services, which is just being merged and simply there is no impact to P&L or 
shareholders because it's just simply replacing the shares of Mahogany Logistics with SCS 
shares which are being issued. Either in the quantum of the shares or the shareholding 
percentage, there's no change. 
Achal Lohade: 
Okay. Sir, just wanted to understand with respect to India business, sorry, not India business, for 
the segment, for the supply chain and for the network solution, would you be able to give us the 
PBT margin because sometimes the leases also have a favourable impact on EBITDA or EBIT 
level, but at PBT level it may be similar. 
If you could, if you have it handy, can you help us understand what is the extent of margin 
improvement at PBT level for both these segments? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Achal, normally we have not disclosed the PBT margins at India level. Maybe, let's see, maybe 
in the future we can take a look at it. 
Achal Lohade: 
Right. No, sir. Actually, I wanted at consol level, the Network Solution and the ISCS business, 
what is the PBT margin improvement, especially for the supply chain business, supply chain 
segment? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, Achal, actually the supply chain EBITDA margin improvement should actually flow through 
to the PBT other than the benefit that we have got through borrowings. Whatever you see in the 
EBITDA, more or less a lot of it should flow through to the bottom line. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood, sir. Okay, I think I will stop here. I will fall back in the queue, sir. Thank you so 
much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jainam Shah from Equirus Securities Private 
Limited. Please go ahead. 
Jainam Shah: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, my question is related to the Red Sea issue. So, as you 
highlighted in December, there has been some volume impact. I just wanted to understand how 
we are expecting the impact on the volume for this particular quarter, and has there been any 
major change in the realization for the same that we are witnessing as of now? 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Right. So, Jainam, the December volume shift is more because the delivery has happened in 
early January and not in December as we envisaged. We don't expect a volume shift to – because 
this was unplanned and we didn't quite anticipate it, and that's the reason why we called it out. 
We don't expect a volume shift because of the Red Sea as yet. We don't see signs of that. But 
what we are seeing is that there is a markup in the pricing, and we are hoping to get the upside 
of that, especially on the European lanes. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. So, for this particular quarter, this could be the impact. And for the near term or at 
least medium term, how we are seeing this particular segment? 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 15 
 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
It is – let me just say the freight business per se, we don't expect the pricing to significantly 
change other than the Red Sea related surge, which we would probably see in Q4. But otherwise, 
I think the pricing will be in a narrow band around 2,200 to 2,300. So, pricing will be hopefully 
very stable. 
We are looking forward to an uptick in the volume, especially in some of our key customers. 
But that's something which is – we need to watch this space because volumes have been more 
or less flat to a slight decline over the last two, three quarters following global trade. 
Jainam Shah: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much, sir. 
Management: 
Thank you, Jainam. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Sumit Kishore from Access Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Thanks for the opportunity. I think this is a follow-up on an earlier question… 
Moderator: 
Sir, your audio is not clear. May we request you to use your handset, please? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Am I audible now? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. Please proceed. 
Sumit Kishore: 
Yes, sir. I'm on slide 23. I just want to clarify on the seasonality bit. So, when I look at the nine-
month FY '23 adjusted EBITDA, it was about INR 345 crores and the full year was at INR 685 
crores, which means that the fourth quarter last year was almost as big as nine-month FY '23. Is 
there something obvious that I'm missing here? Or that the fourth quarter, upcoming quarter 
would basically end up being a big decline on a year-on-year basis? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Sumit, can you just repeat the question once again? 
Sumit Kishore: 
Sorry, I'm on slide 23. I'm probably missing something here, but adjusted EBITDA in 9-month 
FY23 was INR 345.8 crores and full year was INR 685 crores, which means that fourth quarter 
last year was something like INR 340 crores of EBITDA. So, is there some seasonality that I'm 
missing completely here, which happens in fourth quarter or at the current run rate, it appears 
that the fourth quarter would see a decline? 
Ravi Prakash: 
I think, Sumit, thanks for pointing this out. See, the run rate is normally around INR 160 crores 
to INR 170 crores per quarter. So, let's just come back to you on the comparative number, 
because we don't expect any decline in the EBITDA in the fourth quarter. So, it's actually the 
comparative number. Let's just double check the way the EBITDA has been calculated. 
Sumit Kishore: 
There's a big seasonality then, because the fourth quarter number last year, as because the 9-
month FY23 number, my understanding probably was not as clear on this point. 
Moderator: 
Kishore sir, are you done with your questions? 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 15 
 
Sumit Kishore: 
I was done with my question. Thank you. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Before the call is over, we will clarify that number for you in a minute, Sumit. 
Moderator: 
Okay, sir. Thank you so much. We'll take the next question from the line of Saumil Shah from 
Paras Investments. Please go ahead. 
Saumil Shah: 
Hi, thanks for the opportunity. So, my question is on the debt side. After paying our long-term 
loans, now we have about INR 750 crores of working capital loans. So, on this, what would be 
our quarterly interest outgrowth? And are we also planning to reduce our short-term loans? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, we are right now running at an average interest rate of around maybe 7.5% on a weighted 
average basis globally. So, on an annual basis, we should probably be looking at about maybe 
INR 60 crores to INR 65 crores of interest on this debt. The working capital debt, I would expect 
it to move in a narrow band. Between quarters, depending on seasonal demands, it may go up or 
down a little bit, but I would expect it to move in a narrow band at this stage. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. So, I mean, can, I mean, the interest outgo, I mean, how much can we calculate on a yearly 
basis? Would it be a INR100 crores plus number or a less number? 
Ravi Prakash: 
No, in fact, it will be, if I take the Q3 number of interest, that's probably a good indication. It's 
definitely less than INR100 crores. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. And so, we have been growing at a revenue figure of 20% for the last three, four years, 
but it seems this year is going to be a degrowth year or a flood year. So, any guidance for FY 
'25 or FY '26 on the revenue and EBITDA front? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Look, we don't want to put an absolute number on it, but what we will say is the momentum in 
the supply chain business is something that, it continues, right? And we expect that once the Q4 
numbers are out, you'll pretty much see the network segment where it is kind of settling down 
because over the last couple of quarters, you see that the run rate is settling down into a pretty 
much a stable number. So, then we can actually, the base of that, so that'll be a good base to 
calculate the next few quarters. 
Ravi Viswanathan:  
We've been in a better position to comment on that by end of Q4.  
Ravi Prakash:  
But one thing I do want to talk about is our focus on business development, which is adding 
about 10% of our revenue that does not change. 
Saumil Shah: 
Sorry, could you please repeat again? 
Management: 
The business development, which is adding about 10% to our revenue, that focus does not 
change. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. And sir, in your presentation, you mentioned your growth vision of $2.5 billion 
company and $100 million profits. So, this is for which year? I mean, internal, I mean, you've 
set any targets? 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 15 
 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Yes, we've called out FY'27 as the target year for that. 
Saumil Shah: 
Okay. Okay. That's it from my side. Thank you and all the best. 
Ravi Prakash: 
All right. If I may just clarify to Sumit Kishore, the nine-month EBITDA, that number on the 
presentation, we will correct. Sumit, thanks for pointing it out. The number was 514.4 for nine-
month FY'23. It's on page 20, Sumit. I think in that one chart, it was put down erroneously. The 
correct number is put down on page 20. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, sir. The next question is from the line of Arif an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Arif: 
Sir, I want to ask about the depreciation we have currently. So, if I see the current deficit, we 
have around 2,300 kind of fixed assets. But where is the depreciation? Why is the depreciation 
at about INR 500 odd crores per year? How should we see this number? And is there any 
operating leverage sitting here? I mean, as we are a fixed asset-like business, how should I read 
this number? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, the depreciation number includes two parts. One is depreciation on property, plant, and 
equipment. That number is about, I think on an annual basis, I would expect it to be around INR 
120 crores. And amortization of intangible assets would probably add another INR 30 or INR 
40 crores. The balance depreciation is what I call right of use or IndAS depreciation. It is 
basically leases which are capitalized on the balance sheet. And that's why you see such a high 
depreciation number. 
Arif: 
Okay. And as we grow our business to $2.5 billion, so this depreciation number would not be 
flowing, right? I mean, it will be a lot lesser than what we see today. 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, what will happen is our capital expenditure, normally we budget between INR 100 to INR 
110 crores annually on property, plant, equipment, and software. So, that would be our normal 
capex. In terms of the right of use assets, they would grow much slower than what our revenue 
grows. So, in fact, if I take the CAGR between 20 and 23, my recollection is the right of use 
assets depreciation grew at between a 4% to 5%, whereas our revenue grew upwards of double 
digit. So, in general, you will see leverage from the existing depreciation. 
Arif: 
Thank you. So, my second question is, so we have a target of $100 million in FY'27, right? So, 
to achieve that, what is our EBITDA margin we should be looking at? 
Ravi Prakash: 
We should look at about double digit, 9.5% to 10% is the number that we are targeting at a 
console level, where we are today at about 7.8%. 
Arif: 
Okay. So, thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Amit Kumar from Determine Investments. 
Please go ahead. 
Amit Kumar: 
Yes, thank you so much, sir. Just one question, and I'm just sort of looking at the company for 
the very first time. So, I'm just wanting to understand this. There is a very large material related 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 15 
 
cost, in your expense, in your direct cost line. Sort of slightly, I just wanted to understand, I have 
not seen this, in the services related logistic business. Would you clarify what this is? 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes, I can do that. So, if you look at the, I mean, if you look at the capabilities that we have, one 
of the capabilities we have is sourcing and procurement. So, for a few large customers in the UK 
and US, we actually do the purchasing and have the inventory on our balance sheet before we 
sell it to the customers. So, it is not done in isolation. It is done along with other services that 
we provide. 
So, for example, we may be providing warehousing, subassembly, transportation, etcetera. 
Along with it, we may also be providing what you call, we may, our buyers may be sourcing, 
and we may be stocking that material. And that is the material cost that you see. And there are a 
few large customers we do this business for in the UK and the US. 
Amit Kumar: 
And just, the two principal business lines do you have? I mean, which business line would be, 
which business, under which business would, this, sort of trading, happen? 
Ravi Prakash: 
ISCS. 
Amit Kumar: 
ISCS. Okay. And, specifically, if you can just sort of quantify, what sort of gross margins, do 
you do in this particular line? I mean, is it sort of possible to sort of breakdown the revenues that 
you are generating from this particular, it seems like a trading business to me. Would it be 
possible to sort of break, give some sort of understanding of, how do we sort of look at this, in 
terms of margin perspective, either at the gross or at the EBITDA level? 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, I want to clarify, this is not a trading business. This sourcing and procurement of materials 
is always done in conjunction with other services that we offer. So, for example, for a large 
beverage company in the UK, what we do is, we will -- they give us a forecast, we actually do 
the inventory planning, we purchase the spare parts, keep it in our warehouse, deploy them to 
their engineers. So, the contract is the combination of all these services.  
Similarly, for a large customer in the US, we actually take a set of families of parts, we place 
the orders, we bring the material into our warehouse, we store the material, we sub-assemble the 
material and supply the sub-assemblies to the customer. So, you will not have a situation where 
we are simply buying material and just selling like a pure trading company.  
That is not what we do. And that is the reason why I will not be able to call out a specific revenue 
on this material, because the contract will be a consolidated contract for all these services that 
we offer and the material cost is one element of it. 
Amit Kumar: 
Okay. Understood. That's it from my end. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Achal Lohade from JM Financial. Please go 
ahead. 
Achal Lohade: 
Thank you so much for the follow-up opportunity, sir. Just a clarification with respect to the 
other income, INR21.6 crores in 3Q, how do we read that? Is there any one-off out there? 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 14 of 15 
 
Ravi Prakash: 
So, Achal, actually, it is a combination of a couple of things. In the other income, we have an 
exchange gain of about INR 12 crores, right? Just give me a minute. I'm just giving you the 
breakup. Yes. There is interest income in there from bank deposits. In fact, if I take interest 
income from bank deposits and refund, that is probably about INR6 crores or INR7 crores and 
the balance is exchange gains. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood. And the second clarification is with respect to the resolution of INR250 crores in 
terms of investments. Can you just clarify on that? The Board has approved some resolution. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Yes. Achal, thanks for actually asking this because this is an important one. In general, SCS, the 
way it has managed its investments is we leverage our cash flow across the world to deploy to 
the most profitable opportunities. Today, the reason that the Board has approved this investment 
is for two reasons.  
One, if there are any large deals coming through the pipeline anywhere in the world and if the 
subsidiaries there need support in terms of initial investment, the Board would look at this as an 
enabling provision to have management to deploy funds quickly. Many of the large customers 
we are working with have started asking us if we are willing to make capital commitments for 
large deals between 5 to 10 years. 
For example, the Centrica deal that we had last year, there was a point when the customer was 
willing -- asking us to consider capital investments, but in the end, they did it themselves. So to 
either do capital or even to start up a large project, if there is funding required, the Board wanted 
management to have the flexibility to be able to deploy funds.  
Now, why from India overseas? Because if you look at the marginal cost of cash right now, India 
has now come very close to the rest of the world. So it's just a matter of having an enabling 
resolution in place for us, if needed deployed. That doesn't mean that we are immediately doing 
the INR250 crores. 
We expect that this should be helpful to us in the next 18 to 24 months. It's just that the Board 
has actually kind of given management the discretion. 
Achal Lohade: 
Understood, sir. Thank you for the clarification. Just a related question with respect to the new 
business momentum. Now, we are clearly doing very well on that front, anywhere between 7% 
to 10% contribution, but I just wanted to check in terms of the momentum.  
Are you seeing it's accelerating from what it was, say, two quarters back, or things are as they 
were and we're looking at kind of 10% contribution from the new business every year? Could it 
go to 20%, 25%? Are you seeing that kind of deal pipeline? That was the question I had in mind, 
sir. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
So, Achal, let me take that question. So, our business modelling is around that 10% and it is 
more or less in that 10% range. But one of the things that Ravi Prakash just spoke to you about, 
the INR 250 crores enabling resolution, is really because we are seeing a lot of good 
opportunities in the pipeline. 

 
 
TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited
 
 
February 06, 2024 
 
Page 15 of 15 
 
What Centrica has done is to get us a seat in the table for larger deals. So, if we had one or two 
deals of that size in the past, we probably have four or five in the pipeline currently. And 
therefore, there is every reason for us to believe that the percentage will go up over the next, I 
would say, 18 months. 
And as you know, especially in the ISCS segment, the deal takes a little bit longer to cook than 
in the network solution segment. So, we are seeing a significant improvement in the health of 
the pipeline in terms of large deals. And that's one of the reasons why that enabling resolution 
helps. 
And to answer your specific question, can I expect it to be 20%, 25%? I would say we would 
like to get to a number which is mid-double digit, mid-teens to start with. But that's really a 
possibility given where the pipeline is today. 
Achal Lohade: 
Excellent. That's very heartening to hear, sir. Just one clarification. With respect to Centrica, has 
it started contributing to the numbers now, or it will start from FY'25 onwards? 
Ravi Prakash: 
It has already started. In fact, from May onwards, it has started, Achal. The full run rate will be 
expected to be Q4 of FY'24, current Q4, as we speak. 
Achal Lohade: 
Got it. This is very helpful, sir. Thank you and wish you all the best. 
Ravi Prakash: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question. I would now like to hand the 
conference over to the management for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Ravi Viswanathan: 
Thank you. And I would like to thank all participants for being part of this discussion on business 
performance and outlook. These are early days in our journey as a listed company. We have a 
clear vision in terms of where we want to be as a global logistics company.  
We will continue to walk along the path of growth with focus on margins and profitability. 
Thank you all once again. It is a pleasure interacting with you. Looking forward to speaking 
with all of you soon. 
Moderator: 
Thank you, members of the management. On behalf of TVS Supply Chain Solutions Limited, 
that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your 
lines. Thank you. 
