Ref: ITL/SE/2023-24/53 
Date: January 27, 2024 
To, 
The Manager, 
Corporate Relation Department 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Fort 
Mumbai — 400001 
Scrip Code: 532326 
Sub: Transcript of Earnings Conference call 
  
  
   
  
Our intensity. 
Your agility. 
The Manager 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5'» Floor; Plot No. C/1 
G Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), 
Mumbai — 400051 
Symbol: INTENTECH; 
Ref: Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 
Dear Sir/ Madam, 
In terms of Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 
2015, please find attached the transcript of the Q3 FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call held 
on January 23, 2024. 
The same is also uploaded on Company’s website: https: //in10stech.com /investors/earnings- 
call 
This is for your information and records. 
Thanking you, 
Yours Faithfully, 
For Intense Technologies Limited 
Pratyusha Podugu 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
  
Intense Technologies Limited 
Al, Vikrampuri, Secunderabad - 500 009, 
a 
l 
Telangana, India 
Nn 
S 
T: 
+91 40 44558585 
F: 
+91 40 77819040 
E: 
info@imlOstech.com CIN- L30007TGI9S90PLCOTI51IO 
Our Global Offices 
; Dubai 
| Florida 
| London 
| Singapore 
  
www.iniOstech.com
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA
Digitally signed by 
PODUGU 
PRATYUSHA 
Date: 2024.01.27 
09:28:19 +05'30'

Inlos*" 
“Intense Technologies Limited 
Q3-FY 2023-24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 23, 2024 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. C.K. SHASTRI: FOUNDER AND MANAGING DIRECTOR 
MS. ANISHA SHASTRI: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. JAYANT DWARKANATH: WHOLE-TIME DIRECTOR 
MR. NITIN SARDA: CFO 
MS. PRATYUSHA PODUGU: COMPANY SECRETARY 
MR. LOKESH: FINANCE TEAM 
InlOs”" 
Page 
1 of 18

InlOs” 
Intense Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call Transcript 
January 23, 2024 
  
Moderator: 
Siddharth Rangnekar: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Ladies and Gentlemen, Good day and welcome to the Intense Technologies Limited 
Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
As a reminder, all participants’ lines will be in the listen-only-mode. And there will be 
an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you 
need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing ‘*’ and then ‘0’ 
on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
| now hand the conference over to Mr. Siddharth Rangnekar from CDR India. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
Thank 
you 
Rayo. 
Good 
afternoon 
and 
thank 
you 
for joining 
us 
on 
Intense 
Technologies 3rd Quarter FY24 Earnings Conference Call. 
Today we 
have 
with 
us 
Mr. 
C. 
K. 
Shastri 
- Managing 
Director, 
Mr. 
Jayant 
Dwarkanath — Director, Ms. Anisha Shastri — Director and Mr. Nitin Sarda — CFO of 
the Company. We are also joined by Mr. Lokesh from the Management Team. 
Before we commence, please note that some of the statements made on today’s call 
could be forward looking in nature and a note to that effect has been included in the 
“Earnings Release” of the Company which is also available on the stock exchange 
and the Company websites. 
| would now like to invite Mr. Shastri to give us a brief introduction followed by Ms. 
Shastri and then we will open the call for Q&A. 
May 
| hand 
it over to Mr. Shastri now. Over to you, sir. 
Thank you. Good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to our Q3 FY24 Earnings Call. 
As always look forward to this Earnings Call to hear your critical inputs. 
Just to make a beginning, 
| have with me our CFO — Nitin Sarda, Anisha who is 
handling our operations, Jayant Dwarkanath who is looking after our International 
Alliance Relationship and Lokesh who is helping with the Finance Department and 
Pratyusha — Company Secretary, with us. 
We are pleased to inform you all that on the consolidated basis we have grown 46% 
year-on-year in terms of revenues, 
in terms of PAT 37%. We had a revenue of Rs. 
InlOs” 
Page 2 of 18

Anisha Shastri: 
27.7 crore compared to Rs. 21.15 crore last year, which is a growth of 31% and on 
a consolidated basis for 9 months 
it is Rs. 84 crore and Rs. 57.97 crore again a 
growth of 46%, EBITDA also we've seen a decent growth Rs. 6.29 crore vis-a-vis 
Rs. 4.65 crore that is a 35% growth. Same goes with the consolidated basis Rs. 
17.96 crore and Rs. 13.14 crore. The net profit has also grown by 25% and 27% on 
a consolidated basis. 
Strategy and the planning which we did in the last quarter of last year and we are 
just implementing 
those, 
and 
we 
are 
quite encouraged 
with 
the 
results 
and 
improvements what we are seeing. We are definitely seeing green shoots in all the 
areas which we have made investments in, and we continue to invest in sales and 
marketing and growth areas. 
| will ask Anisha to take you through the details of the “Project Butterfly” and how the 
implementation and the details 
of the operations before we take your question 
answers. 
Anisha over to you. 
Thank you C. K. and thank you everybody for joining us on this call today. 
For those of you who have been following 
us, 
I'm sure you Know what “Project 
Butterfly” is, but for those of you who haven't, 
I'll just give you a quick overview: 
The intention of going on this journey of “Project Butterfly” was to ensure we add 
additional revenue streams so that we're able to cross-sell better to our existing 
logos. Many of you who have been following us already know that we sell solutions 
and products to some of the largest logos in the country in the BFSI sector and 
in 
the telecom sector. And so, the intention of adding “Project Butterfly” was to see how 
we can add an additional revenue stream to be able to increase our wallet share 
from each of these customers. 
Apart from that, our intention was also to see how we can optimize our processes 
internally to ensure that we are able to see better margins overall. 
To that effect, over the last one year we have added new revenue streams in terms 
of managed services, both to the private sector as well as to government and public 
sector organizations. 
We've added data services. Data has always been in our blood, 
in our DNA. 
In fact, 
all the work that we did in the past, we had a lot of data services integration, quality, 
standardization all of these services we used to do, but we used to sell them as part 
of our product offering. 
Now that we have repositioned ourselves as a Tech-Enabled Services Company, we 
have realized the value of being able to sell each of these as separate services as 
opposed to just bundling them into the single price that we used to get for our flagship 
product. 
So, we have data services, with cloud services where we do managed services in 
terms of migration of cloud from one cloud to another from on-prem to cloud or just 
also advisory around what cloud options are better for organizations, etc. 
And then we tied all ends with respect to our communication governance services. 
So, 
for those of you who know us they know that we're very, very strong 
in the 
InlOs” 
Page 3 of 18

enterprise communication space. What we did over the last one year was tie up with 
the entire 
offering 
so that 
it 
is one end-to-end 
offering. 
So, today we do the 
communication design, we do the communication dissemination at scale. And by 
scale |'m talking sending say 500 million, 600 million communications every single 
day; of generating 60 million, 70 million statements every single day so operating at 
that scale. 
And then we also closed 
it with the transmission services erstwhile we were just 
handing over 
all 
of these communications 
to 
a transmission 
partner. Now our 
platform is also able to give the customer a 
holistic view of what communication is 
going across which 
of their communication gateways and we're also doing the 
transmission 
with 
it. 
So, 
this 
way 
we 
are 
tying 
the 
end-to-end 
enterprise 
communication gateways. 
In fact, what we also do now is advisory services; having been in this industry for the 
last 30 years now we are also able to advise our customers as to how they can 
optimize on their communication spend. A result of this is a number of our customers 
are saving millions of dollars annually, 
in their communication spend and this 
is 
happening because we are able to give them a holistic view and we are also able to 
advise them on how within the regulatory guidelines to optimize their communication 
spend. 
Another stream that we added was in the data quality, in the data governance space. 
Like 
| told you in the past we were always strong with data integration. We integrate 
with all major core banking, CRM and ERP, all of these products we anyway used to 
integrate with. 
So, now we've extended that capability of ours and using our IP assets we are able 
to provide strong data services to our customers. 
In fact, 
in this quarter we also 
closed 
a 
large 
data 
services 
deal 
around 
data 
quality 
assurance 
and 
data 
governance with one of our existing customers. 
So, we help our customers basically leverage their data so that they're able to 
leverage 
it actually to its true potential. They're able to cross-sell and upsell to their 
existing customers as well based on the kind of data that they're able to mine. You 
all Know how important today data 
is and no organization makes any decisions 
without the help of data, but your analysis is only as strong as the data that you're 
feeding 
into 
it and unfortunately given that our customers are such large sized 
organizations with hundreds of products in the background their data is always in 
silos. 
So, we 
help them 
bring 
it 
all together, 
create 
a golden 
record, we 
help them 
standardize their quality of their data so that they're able to cross-sell and up-sell to 
their existing customers better. So, that's one new thing that we added. 
We also started focusing on the public sector over the last one year and in fact last 
quarter you saw that we added a few public sector logos also to our kitty and this 
now also government pipeline as such 
is looking pretty strong. We've added two 
logos in the BFSI sector in this last quarter. Again, very well-known names 
in the 
country and we hope to see that we start small and then grow business with them 
also subsequently. You already know that once we enter an organization we're a 
very, very committed 
partner with 
a very committed vendor and we've always 
ensured that we keep our customers happy and satisfied so that they stay with us 
for longer durations and we're able to see more business opportunities with them 
and that's what is happening at the moment as well. So, this quarter we added two 
new logos, one was in Sri Lanka, and one was in India. 
InlOs” 
Page 4 of 18

Moderator: 
Summit Kothari: 
We also added two new partners in this quarter; product Company partners whose 
products we're able to cross-sell to our existing customers and which are good 
healthy extensions to the business that we're already 
in, like in the data analytics 
space; in the data spaces basically. 
So, we are 
in the advanced stages 
of commercial conversations with existing 
customers, couple of opportunities using these products as well. So, 
| think partners 
is again a key part of our “Project Butterfly” strategy so that we're able to cross sell 
more and better to our existing customers. 
This quarter we are also proud to tell you that we've hosted our flagship product on 
the AWS marketplace as a SaaS offering. So, the intention is to work with your AWS 
sales force and their connect to see how we are able to hunt new opportunities 
together. 
We've also added a few small SaaS offerings on the Chrome Extension store. So, 
for those of you tracking the IT industry at large today 
it is the world of Generative 
Al, and 
it is the world of Generative Al based extensions on your stores like Chrome, 
etc., which make 
it more seamless and easier for customers to use. 
We have done this on the Chrome Store in this quarter and we are slowly seeing 
healthy traction. Intention is to create small monetization from these; basically these 
are IP assets that were part of larger IP assets in our organization, and we have 
basically broken them down and put them on the Chrome Store so that we're able to 
also 
offer smaller offerings, 
but 
we'll 
create these 
recurring transaction-based 
revenue streams for us in the future. So, with that intention we also set foot in that 
direction. This is on the revenue side. 
On the bottom-line side, we have been taking sincere we have measures to reduce 
our operational expenses, we are investing 
in tools and processes internally to 
ensure that we are able to track our budget by project, our receivable, etc., better. 
By means of that you can see that our receivables starting to show a trend, 
in our 
receivable numbers as well. So, this is overall what we have been doing so far. The 
intention of “Project Butterfly’ is to ensure that we add top line and equally focus on 
our bottom line as well and happy to tell you that our strategy has been paying off. 
You are seeing 
it in terms of our every quarter performance as well. 
It has definitely 
shown the fruits in the right direction. 
And 
| request you to please look at us from a year-on-year basis, don't look at us 
from 
a quarter-on-quarter 
basis; 
while we 
are adding 
revenue streams which 
hopefully will not be as long sales cycles as our products used to be erstwhile,e even 
then enterprise business as such is long sales cycle and so request you to please 
look at us from a year-on-year basis. And we're putting in all our energies and efforts 
to ensure that we see the right value that this organization deserves. 
That's about 
it and 
| think with this we can move on to questions Siddharth. Thank 
you so much everybody. 
Thank you so much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first 
question is from the line of Summit Kothari who is an Individual Investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Anisha you spoke about two logos which were added in this current quarter. One in 
the BFSI space in Sri Lanka and one in India. Can you please quantify this in terms 
of numbers like what kind of revenue we can expect in FY25 from these orders? 
InlOs” 
Page 5 of 18

Anisha Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
So, typically what we do is we enter logos with a certain number and then we find 
ways to be able to provide more value to them and then in turn we improve our wallet 
share. So, when we start typically these engagements are more to the tune of say, 
300K, 200K that kind of initial price in USD and then post that we grow within those 
organizations. 
So, typically how much time does 
it take like from the initial phase to the growth 
phase, how much time does 
it take in any of your orders? 
So, say the first 6 months you spend in implementing the existing requirement and 
then once you build the relationship then you're able to cross-sell, up sell better and 
also there are regulatory requirements so CRTs coming in, etc. So, after that we start 
seeing a healthy addition. 
Nothing substantially in the current financial year or the next financial year is it a right 
assessment? 
Sorry can you repeat that please? 
So, 
| am saying since we are already done like in the 9 months of the year can we 
not expect anything substantial from these two orders in the current financial year? 
Yes, 
from 
the 
current 
financial 
year, 
it 
will 
be 
only 
license values 
and _ 
initial 
implementation. 
And we also spoke about expanding our collaborations with existing clients, which 
would give us guaranteed streams of revenue. Can you please quantify this also in 
terms of revenues like because this is something which we are like expanding our 
collaboration 
so 
I'm sure you have existing relationship with them and 
it's 
like 
providing some value-added services streams, can you please quantify it in terms of 
numbers for this? 
The existing numbers if you really look at it; revenues from an existing clients is 75% 
to 80% of our revenue comes from our existing clients Summit, and we intend to 
grow that as we go along, for example, the first data services deal we got was from 
my existing customer, 
a lot of transmission services which we are looking into are 
from, we are starting to see some great encouragement from our existing customers. 
Because in enterprise business it's always known that acquiring a new customer is 
a long selling cycle, and cross selling, up selling to an existing customer is the easier 
thing provided you are doing a great job with what you have already engaged with. 
So, we are very good 
in keeping 
our customers happy, we 
run every quarter 
feedback programs and everything and 
run 
as the center 
of excellence 
in 
our 
delivery. 
One more thing which we have noticed in the operating expenditure is the software 
cost. So, the software cost in the current quarter was negligible just Rs. 5,00,000, 
| 
think when compared to Rs. 5 crore and Rs. 2 crore quarter-on-quarter and year-on- 
year. So, can you please elaborate like 
if we have to make any modeling 
in our 
numbers, what kind of a software cost we should be having in our model because 
this is a very fluctuating number. So, have we made some investment initially and 
the software cost will be much lower going forward or how is it can you please throw 
some guidance on this? 
InlOs” 
Page 6 of 18

Nitin Sarda: 
Summit Kothari: 
CK Shastri: 
Summit Kothari: 
Nitin Sarda: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Summit Kothari: 
When you talk about the software cost 
| am presuming that you're talking about IT 
infrastructure cost which is about Rs. 5,00,000 in the current quarter and which was 
about Rs. 5.6 crore in the last quarter. 
So, this is not software cost actually like we said we had a government contract in 
last quarter which also involved besides supply of a software and services, included 
supply of some hardware cost. 
So, this is where we had put up a distinction and like you mentioned this is highly 
volatile. 
It depends on deal-to-deal wherein we had closed one deal for the last 
quarter, we had this expense 
in the current quarter and we are 
in process 
of 
implementing and we'll be billing them in the next quarter probably. So which is why 
you don't see any cost. This is not a software cost. This is more of those servers and 
other equipment that will have to also supply to being a preferred partner for one 
stop shop sort of services. 
So, you mean to say that this cost would vary depending on the orders we get in and 
there's even more way of estimating this correct? 
That cost will directly have an impact on the revenue. 
If you have a Rs. 5 crore there 
you will have a Rs. 5.3 crore on the top line also growing. 
Nitin, 
my 
next question 
is regarding the receivables, 
so what are the current 
receivables now if you compare it with Q2 and what is the cash on books currently? 
So, from a receivable standpoint Summit we have improved considerably there. The 
current position as of December our receivables on a consolidated basis stands at 
around 
Rs. 
49 crore. 
Also because 
of the focused management attention and 
persistent follow up with systems and process that we have put in place we have 
also been able to reduce our DSO from 197 days, which was for the financial year 
ended March 2023, we bought it down to 160 days for the quarter ended December 
2023 and we expect this to further optimize and bring 
it down to a manageable level. 
Summit except for couple of our customers one public sector customer and a couple 
of customers from Nigeria. 
If not for them, our collections in DSO 
is well with less 
than even 60 days 
if we take 70% of our collections. There are some perennial 
problems with some of the customers which we are taking corrective measures and 
if you really look at last year's approvals. Cash approval Nitin will share with you. 
Yes for the year ended last quarter Summit, we had a cash balance of about Rs. 38 
crore because of this improvements in collections. Our cash balance when we talk 
about it also includes the investment that is part of the non-current investment which 
stands around Rs. 55 crore. 
So, we have added; actually Rs. 17 crore we have been able to now optimize our 
receivable positions and we have added Rs. 17 crore during this quarter and 
it will 
continue to improve and this is where we also have a lot of platform to invest in our 
new green shoots as part of our “Project Butterfly”. 
One thing regarding the investment like the shareholding side what happened is a 
couple 
of weeks back we had some large trades and almost 5% 
of the equity 
changed hands. So, is this a strategic investor in the Company or something because 
that was a very large stake, more than 5%? 
InlOs” 
Page 7 of 18

C. K. Shastri: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Summit Kothari: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
We are not aware about those things, but definitely we are always open to looking 
at strategic investments, strategic investors. 
So, 
as 
to speak Summit this 
is again trading between individual shareholders, 
shareholder 
in which shareholding 
is quite fragmented. 
If there 
is any strategic 
investors who is joining our captive shareholding will be happy to announce and that 
really adds lot of credibility to what we do. 
My last question from my end, normally Q4 has been a lumpy quarter wherein we 
get almost like 40% of the revenues. 
| know the management has been trying to 
correct 
it and have a more uniform kind of a quarterly numbers, but anyway going 
into the Q4 can we expect Q4 to be a 
little lumpier and slightly better and the overall 
numbers to be on the higher side for Q4 and next year please? 
Summit you're putting words into my mouth, but Q4 is definitely a good quarter for 
us and we hope it is a good quarter. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia, who's an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
So, 
| think my question 
is from sequential basis 
| know you mentioned that we 
shouldn't be tracking you on 
a sequential basis, 
but on the last quarter you had 
mentioned that you will see growth coming in. 
So, 
just wanted 
to understand what happened 
this quarter where 
if 
| 
look 
at 
sequentially things were bit lower, but 
| also see that margins have improved. So, on 
the top line what happened and what things changed on the margin side as well 
sequentially? 
Like you correctly mentioned Pratik on a year-to-date basis although you've seen our 
top line has significant increase in our revenue, but we have been able to provide 
those output services within the same bandwidth that we have in as an organization. 
From a green shoot standpoint this is as a Company we are in transition process of 
under the “Project Butterfly” and then subsequently 
in sometime during the next 
financial year we will switch on to growth phase of our Project Butterfly. So, at this 
point of time transition phase we were able to crack some deals on the data services, 
we have been able to crack into low code, no code platform. 
We are seeing a lot of traction in cloud services. So, that will start to come in as we 
go forward, but from a margin standpoint, yes, before the conscious effort from the 
organization despite increase 
in our top line we wanted to provide those from the 
same bandwidth that we have. 
Really request you to not look at us from a quarter-on-quarter basis and to this the 
business as such is not very predictable quarter-on-quarter 
just yet and while we are 
adding a lot of opportunities to our side it really depends on when we're able to close 
those opportunities. So, request you not to look at us on a quarter-on-quarter basis, 
look at us from a yearly standpoint and we hope to continue to give you good results 
year-on-year. 
Two other questions from my end. One on the new deal wins that you mentioned, 
can you provide a sense on how many years of 
if you've signed any contract for 
existing 
value, 
I'm 
not taking 
on 
the 
cross 
selling 
or from 
the 
higher selling 
InlOs” 
Page 8 of 18

Anisha Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
C.K. Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
opportunity, but just for kind of how long the contracts are the new logo wins that you 
mentioned? 
When we add new logos on our IP side. Once we implement this is a year-on-year 
thing, it's a sticky solution. So, it's difficult for customers to kind of move on. So, once 
we add 
a customer, 
it's about how well we can keep the customer satisfied and 
continue going and as such we are proud to say that till today we've never lost the 
customer because of poor performance. There may have been situations where 
companies shut down or companies who have been acquired, merged, etc., those 
kinds of things may have happened because we've never lost on poor performance. 
So, once we add 
a customer 
it's about continuing the relationship over a longer 
lifetime. 
And rough margin profile for these two logo wins? 
It will only increase sir as Anisha mentioned 
in her opening statement the point is 
that an enterprise customer is almost a lifetime customer. Now, with our new added 
services, 
up 
sell, 
cross-sell opportunities 
being 
higher the 
profitability and 
the 
margins and the opportunity will only increase getting the first breakthrough is what 
is important and from here onwards we look forward to growing the wallet. It's one of 
the largest banks in Sri Lanka and the second one is also one of the very fast-growing 
banks in India. 
And in terms of your tie-ups that you mentioned ,where you are getting an opportunity 
to sell products from other companies, again is that a cost-plus kind of arrangement 
on the margin side or are you looking at any higher margin given the sophistication 
of the product that you would be.... 
We are charging a decent margin otherwise. We have negotiated very well and we 
are looking at a decent margin sir. 
Cost plus as well as services, so services is on us. 
So, you are bundling your services plus the product that you are selling for someone 
else. 
Yes. 
Thank you. The next question is from Sanjeev Kumar Damani from SKD Consulting. 
Please go ahead. 
Sir as such 
| do not understand all these technology businesses, but my humble 
request would be that when you say logo means client only. 
Yes client. 
Firstly, 
| have to also congratulate you for very fine performance, operating as well 
as financial. So, revenues have gone up, your presentations are very good and this 
how much is the export out of our total turnover of approximately Rs. 28 crore in this 
quarter? 
Overall sir as a Company our exports have dropped because our increase in market 
strikes in the domestic market, we are very strong in India and other exports are only 
in the Middle East and the UK. We are not having much presence in the US. 
InlOs” 
Page 9 of 18

Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
| mean how do you see the prospect in the UAE because lot of Indian companies 
are taking place and lot of developments are taking place there in UAE? 
UAE is showing a good promise, sir, but Africa it's very difficult to do this business, 
especially in countries like Nigeria where the currency devaluation is very high. 
But UAE you see some prospects? 
We have strengthened our teams in UAE, and we are seeing some good promise 
there. 
Last quarter also we closed the couple of logos in UAE. 
So, more are likely to come from UAE as well? 
Yes. 
More business, more clients will be possible in days to come. Now coming to another 
aspect is when you say annuity in your media release, “annuity engagement’. So, 
what 
| understand out of this is that 
it is a recurring business that will go on with us 
something like that when you say? 
You are absolutely right. 
And when you say growth engagement, so 
| mean what do we mean by growth 
engagement here? 
Growth engagements are like for example you start with a small engagement and 
start adding other allied services, our other products, complimentary products into 
that account, for example, let us take big bank, their IT budgets are in billion dollars. 
So they are all very big multinational companies where we are already engaged and 
how we can grow our pie in that those are the growth accounts. 
One more thing 
sir that data services when we say 
| mean our machines are 
analyzing the data 
or our people are also required 
for analyzing this data and 
compiling or reproducing them? 
Both sir you need tools and people there we have IP assets and plus the required 
people skills to understand and use these tools and deploy those tools and use them 
for extraction, transformation, 
loading and writing business 
rules based 
on the 
requirements. 
Sir, regarding employee retention because these days 
| have come to understand 
that in the technology sector the employee turnover is very high. So, 
| mean what is 
our experience about it and how do we retain the talent with us? 
Sir, we have been having a great work culture in our organization. We more or less 
take care of all our employees, and we are a very bonded Company. We keep our 
motivation of our employees very high. We reward performance, and we recognize 
everybody's contribution, and our attrition is much below the industry standard also. 
Sir, can you also give names of your clients for whom you are working within India 
or outside? 
InlOs” 
Page 
10 of 18

C K Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C K Shastri: 
Sanjeev Damani: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Namit Arora: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Sir, the names are almost all the top banks 
in India, and UAE and top insurance 
companies, 
top telecom 
companies, 
some 
of them 
are there 
in 
our website 
collaterals. We have NDA of non-disclosure. 
And then there also you can’t disclose much 
| agree? 
Yes. 
And sir most of the time we are a subcontractor, 
or we are having always direct 
business with the end user? 
If we were for a long period we were subcontracting through IBM, TCS, Infosys, and 
all that, but now with good branding and good credibility in the market we are able to 
directly engage with customers; except one or two engaged and most of them are 
all direct. 
Thank you. The next question is from Namit Arora from IndGrowth Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
My question was around the Company's positioning 
in the target employee base, 
given that your areas are very cutting edge and 
| mean for some of them training 
tools may not be available. So, 
if you could talk us through your efforts in terms of 
building the positioning of the Company so that you are a preferred sort of place to 
work for the target employee community, would be one. 
And secondly your efforts or internal training and development of your employees. 
Given that some of the areas that you're working on are fairly cutting edge and they 
may need internal training initiatives as well? 
So, our hiring; you would be surprised actually as to the kind of talent that you can 
find in Tier-2 and Tier-3. So, our strength has been around hiring from Tier-2, Tier-3 
giving them opportunities to come to the city and giving them a 
lot of cutting-edge 
engineering opportunity which otherwise they don't get by working for traditional 
services organization. 
So, that's the strength that we've been operating in and touchwood it's also word of 
mouth. So, once we hire from a college the word spreads on how happy the existing 
batches are and then we're able to hire subsequently from that college as well. So, 
that's where we're able to hire talent from there. 
And in terms of up selling and cross selling in fact the last quarter we also signed on 
with Coursera to provide a platform for everybody in our organization to be able to 
leverage Coursera in higher content to be able to up skill process and up skill across 
different technology, different skills, etc., and so we are making slow and steady 
investments to ensure that we provide enough opportunities for learning also within 
the organization. 
Everything 
is about talent, and we make in the first 6 months once the employee 
joins we goes through drill of lot of training programs, a lot of best practices and then 
before we take him 
on 
to any 
live projects or anyone 
of them 
plus as Anisha 
mentioned we invest in lot of training materials and training courses for our people 
and that is one of this reasons also of lower attrition for us. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Aman from Aman Investment. 
Please go ahead. 
InlOs” 
Page 11 of 18

Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
And my question was particularly three and follow up will be again asked 
| just 
wanted to understand one thing when you mentioned up selling, cross selling, taking 
“Project Butterfly” 
to the next level, 
| just wanted 
to understand what minimum 
benchmarks you have in terms of matrices, ROC or ROE while taking a new project 
into account? 
We set certain aspirations in an account depending on the size of the account. Let's 
say that won very large bank, as our engagement progresses we keep changing the 
goal posts and increasing the size of the wallet. For example, one of our banks we 
said by next year we should do Rs. 25 crore in this single account. So, that's how we 
benchmark, and we go about it, but there is no scientific measurement. 
Can you just give a range in between 
if we deploy so much of human resource into 
it we'll be returned with this much amount additionally as revenue or profits, any 
particular figure you have in mind? 
Because we are talking about IP led services 
it is a specialized thing even your IP is 
counted, your outcomes are counted, the pricing is based on outcomes. So, that it's 
just not straight away pure services game where we say that 
it 
| deploy so many 
people, this is my margins, this is the number of resources 
| get out of that. 
Just to probably build on what Shastri has responded our belief on margins is always 
too layered. Yes, on the front layer is what competition offers and so there 
is not 
much scope for us to kind of play around that because that's what the market will 
bear, but constantly what we are doing within because all our services are also led 
by our own 
IP that that we have built our constantly 
it's an endeavor to kind 
of 
automate everything so that on the back end too we are able to with the existing 
resources do more. 
The second question 
| just wanted to ask. Any two things which you planned and 
well-performed very well, and it is two things which you planned and didn't go as well 
as you had thought of it, any two things which you can share in this case? 
One of the things the “Project Butterfly” which we have taken up 
in that we had 
progressed slow one 
in the cloud services side, two on the talent as 
a service. 
Performance in others are showing good promise. 
And sir as 
| was getting some input from yours “Project Butterfly” 
is well accepted 
from our existing clients. Is it not retaliating? 
Project Butterfly is the internal strategy. 
It has nothing to do with the external thing. 
Sir, when we are doing up-selling and cross-selling is 
it not because we just on that 
| just wanted to understand you are selling partnered products as well. 
If you can just 
give a brief highlight of what margins do we have on these partnered products and 
what is the proportion of our total revenue which is for this year going to be from the 
partnered product only? 
Typically, there are some of the platforms are well established platforms like how it 
fits into our overall solution 75% of our solution is there and if you by plugging in the 
external product we give a 100% solution, we go in for that and the number of partner 
products is very less, but it will add value to our value proposition is an overall thing. 
Do we expect the same EBITDA margins going forward with partnered products as 
well? 
InlOs” 
Page 12 of 18

C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Yes, that’s how we are negotiating. 
And sir on the overseas sales 
| heard that you are very bullish about UAE and also 
there is a good. What you see is an upward trend on the technological sectors in all 
the Western countries and those upper grades. So, do we have any plans, or do we 
find any opportunities 
in collaborating 
in development or partnering with them for 
Azure they have put a new product onto the platform. 
What kind of products is it how am 
| saying is 
it are we collaborating with them much 
strongly on our technological knowledge which we carry bandwidth, what kind of 
collaborations do you see going forward? 
We have two types of partnerships, sir. One is the AWS and system integrator big 
players, 
all the big system integrators and the cloud service providers like AWS, 
Oracle Cloud, and Azure Cloud. As Anisha mentioned in our operation update today 
our two of our products are on the marketplace of Azure. Marketplace of Azure 
means, marketplace of AWS means or the entire AWS they do the evaluation, they 
certify and then they put the product on the marketplace. 
Once it is in the marketplace the sales force, the sales reach of the AWS team also 
comes in to help us, that is one relationship which we have. The system integrator 
relationships are opportunity based. Whenever they see opportunity, for example, 
they saw an opportunity in income tax where Infosys felt that in intent this is a very 
good solution to put it in income tax; and they've chosen us for us for that. 
Similarly, most of these we are slowing down on the system integrator partners. We 
are looking at direct engagements as we go along 
if it is not very significant value. 
Sir, is 
it possible to up-sell and cross-sale on those platforms as well? 
On? 
Azure and AWS, not just the fixed product? 
It 
is possible, 
it 
is too early for us to predict because 
it's 
a SaaS model, 
it's 
a 
transaction-based model, how fast we just got enlisted in the marketplace. There is 
a huge opportunity there, but it's too early to predict or say any numbers on that. 
Just 
| wanted to understand because it's a very new set of cutting-edge technology 
everything understood, what kind of competitive environment are we facing in India 
and also overseas because 
| think these are very what you say data-driven, and 
these data are very confidential in nature? 
Yes that’s where our strength 
is sir. The thing 
is that as a focused data services 
Company we were never positioning ourselves there though we were doing all the 
work 
of data Company, 
we were 
not 
positioning 
ourselves 
now we 
started 
positioning. 
There seems to be a huge opportunity that the data is the next big oil, and we see 
good opportunities coming from there. We are also making investments in cutting- 
edge technologies like building insights, Al driven insights and other things in our IP 
stack. 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Pratik Dedhia who is an Individual 
Investor. Please go ahead. 
“1 
IniOs 
Page 13 of 18

Pratik Dedhia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Nitin Sarda: 
CK Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Jayant Dwarkanath: 
Pratik Dedhia: 
Anisha Shastri: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
So, 
| wanted some guidance on the three- or four-year kind of outlook from your end, 
how do you think or what kind of scale you think you would be able to achieve both 
on top line and bottom line? 
So, Pratik to answer your questions the way we look at our business, we break 
it 
down into two. The existing business from an annuity standpoint that will continue to 
grow year-on-year at 20%. 
The growth engagement the green shoots that we have introduced just called first 
quarter of this financial year and few are yet to take off ascribing a number to this 
would be very difficult for us. So, giving some sort of guidance from three to four 
years would be very difficult in terms of quantifying 
it 
And on the bottom line or probably some guidance on margins? 
We have bought in a lot of focused on cost optimization. We'll definitely be able to 
clock in the existing numbers and probably there is an upside of 10% on existing 
margins that we see in the short run. 
Also we are making investments in increasing the sales organization. 
So, 
if 
| get 
a sense do you think 25% to 30% EBITDA margin 
is 
a sustainable 
number? 
| don't think we want to commit on exact numbers Pratik. 
Putting ballpark ranges? 
All we can say, is we put in our best effort. 
Having said that Pratik it would be a shame not to defend our existing margins and 
always endeavor to increase that. 
One small question 
| think you mentioned that you've been externalizing your IP 
through smaller products, through Chrome extensions, so just wanted to know what 
kind of traction are you looking at and how do you see 
it scaling? 
Sir, we just embarked on this journey Pratik, last couple months 
is when we had 
been able to launch those extensions. We're slowly seeing good traction. It's picking 
up I'd say. 
So, since this is the new territory that we are also operating 
in 
it probably takes a 
little bit of time for it to fully go up to speed, but eventually the intention is that these 
revenue streams don't require a whole lot of sales spend, you spend on a little bit of 
digital marketing and you're good to go. We are trying to create those kinds of smaller 
revenue streams that are recurring. 
Similarly, transmission 
is the same thing we have added the transmission into the 
same lines where we used to earlier pass 
it on to a gateway Company now we are 
putting our own gateway, and we are also charging for the transmission services for 
our communication part which will also add to the contact. 
By putting our own gateway we partner with existing telecom customers on how to 
use their gateway directly. 
InlOs” 
Page 14 of 18

Moderator: 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Prateek Chaudhary: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Pradeep A: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Pradeep A: 
Thank you. The next question is from Prateek Chaudhary from Saamarthya Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
| am fairly new to the Company, and 
| had a very basic question to ask 
| can see our 
promoter share is about 21%. Do we intend to increase that or do a preferential to 
the promoters or in any other way? 
You must have noticed that 
| had increased 
it last year already and would not want 
to make any commitments at the moment, but from the time we started this Company 
we've been only increasing our stake. The early promoters had left us, that's how the 
promoter holding is appearing to be less. 
And any estimates on because we're 
in the products and services domain and 
sometimes if a product clicks and we get runaway success? 
We would urge you to visit us or probably take a maybe a separate appointment 
where we can take you through our products, our domains, the market potential and 
how it can deliver value to end customers and these things 
I'll appreciate that would 
be there because we have suite of solutions, but at a high level 
| can give you digital 
customer engagement and communications is one data related is other IP data. 
In terms of governance, quality and computations and the other is the low code, no 
core platform, three broad areas where we have IP assets and we've been 
in the 
Gartner's Magic Quadrant for our customer communications, we've been recognized 
as leaders by Aspire and matrix for some of our products. 
We have marquee customers, Fortune 500 customers in India and abroad. So, this 
is what 
it is like for more in-depth understanding and all that, 
I'll urge you to visit us 
or take appointment and we'll run you fast in the in depth. 
And 
| should get in touch with Mr. Siddharth from CDR? 
Yes. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from Pradeep A, who's an Individual Investor. 
Please go ahead. 
My question 
is regarding the product pipeline. What are the new products for the 
pipeline and how these products differentiate with existing competitors and definite 
timelines for these products to go-live? 
See being an IP led Company we have been continuously investing on IP. Being in 
customer 
communications 
we 
have 
added 
the 
 insights-based 
campaign 
management solution and it's definitely a crowded place, but we are seeing some 
good traction coming through it. 
It's called we are calling 
it “UniServe Reach’. 
Al based chatbot 
is there we are 
investing 
in block chain smart contracts, 
but 
at the moment they are yet to 
be 
commercialized. "Reach” 
is one which 
is looking 
at commercialization stage and 
good traction we are seeing. 
As far as the market size is concerned 
it is very huge for me it's in billions of dollars 
and it doesn't make sense for me to make a mention of that. 
Any products timelines for these products to go live? 
InlOs” 
Page 
15 of 18

C. K. Shastri: 
Pradeep A: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Aman: 
C. K. Shastri: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aman: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aman: 
Anisha Shastri: 
In “Reach” we are seeing that it should see some traction. Three, four customers we 
are hoping to go live this year. 
It is a SaaS model, and you will not see the big lumpy 
revenues from 
it, 
it is the transaction-based revenue. So, 
it's an ongoing revenue 
opportunity. 
And the second question 
is how you 
are leveraging these new launches 
like 
Blockchain, is it for the new products or are we integrating with the existing products 
as well and can you put that and how you're promoting or marketing these products? 
The new product first and best place for us to promote our new products is to our 
existing clients because we have very large existing marquee names where we go 
there and test our waters and see the value what they...these are very stringent 
evaluators and stringent people. 
So, we take the first approach 
of our existing 
customers before we go out into the new markets. 
Thank you. The next question 
is from the line of Aman from Aman investments. 
Please go ahead. 
So, 
| just wanted to understand what at the beginning of the year when the “Project 
Butterfly” kicked off, how many total numbers of products or services we have and 
till date what we do how many new products or services have we added? 
We have not added any new products and services. The “Reach” was in 
its early 
stage 
it was beta release was there in the early stage of the year and there on we 
started engaging with customers and doing pilots. The other products small ones like 
the extensions which Anisha mentioned are the new additions. 
Just to let you know Aman, until last year all we would sell was our flagship product, 
but this year onwards very consciously that has become a smaller portion of our 
overall pie. 
Our overall pie focuses not just on the one flagship product of ours, but on a suite of 
solutions and on a suite of services that we can additionally sell on top of that. So, 
while we may not have added individual products per se to our portfolio, 
but by 
means of partnerships and by means of services etcetera, there is a lot more to offer. 
And sir just extensions on that 
| just wanted to understand what is the average ticket 
size per client of our customer or per contract which we have and also how many 
numbers of projects have we executed in this 9 months and what is the guidance for 
the total 12 months till March? 
The ticket sizes really depend on each revenue stream. 
The average ballpark numbers. 
So, averages also will be more per revenue stream like for example 
if you look at 
say our communication space maybe the average ticket size would be about 200 K, 
250K USD initially, but later maybe a recurring of the same value per day. 
If you look 
at say data services, etc., these may be more in the lines of say SOOK-600K USD or 
maybe even a million USD in that that kind of a range. 
So, 
it really depends on which line item you're talking about. We also do a 
lot of 
managed services. Those are again 
a completely different ball game like 
in one 
organization we do, “per onboard’. So, we charge per onboarding of customer. We 
can't really average across all our offerings, individual offerings, 
| think averages. 
InlOs” 
Page 16 of 18

C. K. Shastri: 
Aman: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aman: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Aman: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Moderator: 
Anisha Shastri: 
Just to get you a revenue perspective as we mentioned 75% to 80% is our existing 
customer revenue and the 30% to 25% is new logos. 
Let me tell you the intention of this question when we say that 
it is a very positive 
cycle or a positive trend for our business. 
| just wanted to understand only from the 
number of projects whether the till date whatever we have done and upcoming two 
or three years we'll be continuing to do multiple projects or will be the tickets are 
going up and the project going down, how is it going to work? 
So, whether we are exploring our most of our employees working different projects 
or they're focusing on some projects only; 
so that 
| get 
a sense either we are 
specializing on something or are we a diverse communication platform so that's why 
that was my intention. And 
if you can comment on 
it, 
it will be better? 
So, basically the three major spaces that we operate 
in. One 
is communication 
governance, one is data management and then the other is standardized managed 
services and so now the managed services may really depend from opportunity, 
engagement-to-engagement 
on 
what 
they 
require, 
like 
in 
one 
government 
organization we are digitizing their internal systems versus in another we're working 
on their onboarding of their customers, etc. 
So, 
managed 
services 
may 
not 
really 
be specialized, 
but the communication 
governance and the data quality service, etc., so that more niche areas that we tend 
to focus on. 
From your commentary from the last call that initially when we started your product 
days, now our employee pool 
is such talented which they have their own product, 
they have their own specialization, they have their own skills. Have you found any 
route or a road map to monetize 
it like different people doing different jobs rather 
than coming together and doing one single job? 
So, because 
| see because multiple products we have added, have we able to chart 
it down a road map or any such sort of brainstorming has been done to put 
it in a 
monetization phase or commercialization phase? 
Absolutely. So, actually a result of that is also like for example the “Reach” that we 
added or the “test automation”. All of these are a result of that as well. The fact that 
originally our talent was focused on working on certain directions and then now we 
have given each team individual kind of focus areas and we've also split the team 
into one certain set of teams managing managed services. 
Have you found any drawbacks 
of this approach 
or 
is 
it working well 
for our 
organizations? 
So, far is so good | think. 
Thank you very much. That was the last question. 
| would now like to hand the 
conference back to the management team for closing comments. 
Thank you so much everybody for joining us. Really appreciate 
it. Unfortunately, 
| 
think we have lost Mr. CK and Nitin's line over here, but 
| will close it on behalf of Mr. 
Shastri. 
Thank you so much for joining us on this call today. We have been putting all our 
efforts in a focused direction whatever we set for that strategy with “Project Butterfly” 
InlOs” 
Page 
17 of 18

it is working well for us and the areas where we have not been able to see as much 
traction. 
We've 
also 
pulled 
back 
on 
investments 
from 
there 
and 
pushed 
our 
investments back into areas where we are seeing more traction. 
So, while the overall strategy continues to remain the same. We make internal 
changes to ensure that we are utilizing our resources efficiently and are able to 
deliver the kind of value that this Company deserves. So, thank you so much for 
joining us on this call and being patient with us. 
C. K. Shastri: 
Thank you. 
| just joined we got dropped 
in the line 
| am so sorry. Thank you very 
much everyone for having joined the call. Really appreciate it. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. On behalf of Intense Technologies Limited, that concludes 
this conference. Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
  
This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company 
takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy. 
InlOs” 
Page 
18 of 18
