                      
 
                                   Share India Securities Limited 
 
 
                                        (CIN: L67120GJ1994PLC115132)
Share India 
                                          Member: NSE, BSE, MCX & NCDEX
                                         Depository Participant with 'CDSL' 
            SEBI Registered Research Analyst & Portfolio Manager 
You generate, we multiply 
 
Regd. Office: 1701-1703, 17th Floor, Dalal Street Commercial Co-operative Society Limited, Road 5E, Block 53, Zone 5, Gift City,                   
Gandhinagar, Gujarat-382355 INDIA 
Corporate Office: A-15, Sector-64, Noida, Distt. Gautam Buddha Nagar, Uttar Pradesh-201301, Tel.: 0120-4910000, 0120-6910000 Fax : 
0120-4910030 E-mail:info@shareindia.com,Website:www.shareindia.com  
 
 
 
 
February 02, 2024 
 
To, 
Department of Corporate Services 
BSE Limited  
P J Towers, Dalal Street, 
Fort, Mumbai -400001  
Scrip Code: 540725 
To, 
The Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G,  
Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  
Mumbai 400051 
SYMBOL: SHAREINDIA 
 
Sub:  Transcript of Conference Call with Analyst/Investors held on January 29, 2024 to discuss 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for the quarter and nine-months ended on 
December 31, 2023 
 
Dear Sir,  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, please 
find enclosed herewith Transcript of Conference Call with Analyst/Investors held on January 29, 2024 to discuss 
Unaudited Financial Results of the Company for quarter and nine-months ended on December 31, 2023. 
 
Please take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking You. 
 
Yours Faithfully,  
 
For Share India Securities Limited 
 
 
 
 
Vikas Aggarwal 
Company Secretary & Compliance Officer 
M. No.: F5512 
 
Vikas Aggarwal
Digitally signed by Vikas Aggarwal 
DN: c=IN, st=Delhi, 
2.5.4.20=e6ee1272efb59eaf3c9ac0adc498a8e7b30ae178c188972c25
5b2d3aa1690ce2, postalCode=110032, street=Opp Amar Eye 
Centre , NAVEEN SHAHDARA , Shahdara , North East Delhi, 
pseudonym=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e, 
serialNumber=f9f7f9724649317a1da3da2b56f4412540bbb2f01f2c29
e6bc60d60f6ebae502, o=Personal, cn=Vikas Aggarwal 
Date: 2024.02.02 11:07:39 +05'30'

Page 1 of 16 
 
 
 
 
“Share India Securities Limited 
Q3 FY ’24 Results Conference Call” 
January 29, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. KAMLESH SHAH – MANAGING DIRECTOR – 
SHARE INDIA SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. SACHIN GUPTA – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER -- 
SHARE INDIA SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. RAJESH GUPTA – DIRECTOR – SHARE INDIA 
SECURITIES LIMITED 
MR. ABHINAV GUPTA – PRESIDENT – CAPITAL 
MARKET – SHARE INDIA SECURITIES LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. RAJU BARNAWAL – ANTIQUE STOCK BROKING 
 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 2 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Share 
India Securities hosted by Antique Stock Broking. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in 
the listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the 
presentation concludes. Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an 
operator by pressing star then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is 
being recorded. 
 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal from Antique Stock Broking. Thank you, 
and over to you. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Thank you, Manav. Good evening, everyone. On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, I welcome 
you all to Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of Share India Securities. We have with us the 
entire management -- senior management team of Share India Securities represented by Mr. 
Kamlesh Shah, Managing Director; Mr. Sachin Gupta, CEO; Mr. Rajesh Gupta, Director; and 
Mr. Abhinav Gupta, President, Capital Market. 
Now without any further delay, I hand over the call to the Kamlesh, sir, for his opening remarks. 
Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Yes. Thank you very much. Good evening, everyone, and wish you all a very prosperous new 
year. I welcome you all to Share India Q3 Earning Call for Financial Year 2024. I am happy to 
share with you that, once again, we have delivered best quarterly results. Once again, we  have 
proved  our legacy of performance, growth, progress and success. Though the quarter was 
difficult for trading activity, yet we recorded best quarter in the history of the company. This 
consistency in the growth is defined by our new initiatives launched over the period of time and 
the kind of diversified portfolio we have in financial service sector. 
I am feeling proud to say that 9 months of financial year '24, the stand-alone revenue grew by 
about 37% from INR559 crores to INR768 crores, and 9-month stand-alone profit after tax grew 
by 49.47% from INR143 crores to INR213 crores. Also, if we see the consolidated performance 
for 9 month of this financial year, the revenue grew by about 36% from INR748 crores to 
INR1,017 crores; and 9 months stand-alone profit after tax grew by 39% from INR223 crores to 
INR310 crores. 
And on top of it, if we compare the revenue and PAT of 9 months for financial year '24 with full 
year of 2022-'23, it is almost equal to the revenue and profit after tax for the year 2022-'23. To 
be accurate, we are at more than 93% in terms of both the performance indicator. 
Now let us go through the best historical quarterly performance of the company for Q3 ended 
31st December 2024 on consolidated basis. We recorded total revenue for Q3 as INR374 crores, 
showing an increase of 35% year-on-year basis from INR277 crores to INR374 crores; and profit 
after tax for Q3 as INR115 crores, showing an increase of about 25% year-on-year basis from 
INR93 crores to INR115 crores. 
The earnings per share works out to INR35.27 for the quarter. And the networth also has 
increased to INR1,405 crores at the end of 31st December. The consolidated results show all 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 3 of 16 
 
around development in all business verticals. Contribution to the consolidated profit by 
subsidiary is a step towards the diversification and business sustainability. 
All these subsidiaries are performing well and aligned with the vision and the road map of the 
group. From increased AUM in NBFC to capturing SME IPO market in the merchant banking, 
from exploring new opportunities beyond Indian market in GIFT City IFSC and Singapore to 
strengthen market share in strategy-based trading overseas; from meeting surging require -- 
surging need of the technological pioneering to the trading smile and changing lives, the group 
is intact with its value and vision. 
Now let us go through the stand-alone results for Q3 ended 31st December 2024. We recorded 
total revenue of INR284 crores, showing an increase of 46% year-on-year basis from INR194 
crores to INR284 crores; and profit after tax for Q3 as INR83 crores, showing an increase of 
49% on a year-on-year basis from INR56 crores to INR83 crores. 
The earnings per share for stand-alone entity works out to INR25.45. And the networth of the 
stand-alone company is now INR1,140 crores. The results are a reflection of the efforts we have 
made during the past few years in enhancing corporate governance, strengthening risk 
management, diversified product portfolio, best management team, adopting new technology at 
every level and composition of Board of Directors. 
Today, we have imminent personalities who are best in the area of work are on our Board of 
Directors. It is our combining vision which company is moving towards. Going ahead in the 
next quarter, we are poised to meet with our expansion plan with strengthened network base, 
building on the successful conversion of warrants into equity shares. 
And in next 9 months, all the warrants will be converted into equity shares, along with internal 
accrual, it will further strengthen our network base. I thank all the stakeholders for their valuable 
contribution. May God bless us all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Sachin Gupta: for opening remarks. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes. Thank you, Kamlesh, sir. Good afternoon, everyone. I would like to thank everyone for 
attending this call today. This is a Q3 call for Share India. So, friends, I just want to tell you one 
thing that as the management of Share India is having a clear opinion that we should have a 
diversified revenue streams in the company and we should have a more sustainable model in 
this industry. 
Like we all know this particular industry is very vulnerable to the market performance. But we 
are trying to make Share India such a diversified company where market movement and all these 
things should not make any impact on the growth and the revenue of the company. 
So, with this opinion, as in the earlier calls, we -- our focus was on using tech and innovative 
products for retail. We have recently launched our uTrade Algo. And it's a recent launch. So, we 
are seeing good participation from the clients. We are seeing more enthusiasts in the client. But 
this is a product where we need to put lot of energy with the client in terms of educating them 
how this product is actually working for them. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 4 of 16 
 
And we believe in next 2 to 3 years, we'll see a lot of participation in this particular product from 
the industry side. And again, going further, our focus will be on the retail side, like we are setting 
ambitious targets internally where we believe that in next 2 to 3 years, we should be having 
around 2.5 lakh to 3 lakh customers organically and inorganically. 
So, we are also looking for good tie-ups if possible with the companies who are having a good 
retail base. So, after acquiring tech companies 2 years back, then Silverleaf a quarter back, so 
now our focus is on retail. And you guys will see that company is coming up with the aggressive 
retail acquisition plans and new innovative products. Especially, we have recently launched 
MTS for our customers, and we believe that MTS is one product, which was retailers are looking 
for it. And Share India is having a good risk management system and bandwidth to spread these 
products into the retail. 
And we believe in next 3 years, MTS book should be around INR500 crores. So, this is our goal. 
So, with the diversified revenues, as I said, so retail business is one, Algo business is one and 
NBFC is doing good, HFT trading is there, financial products like MTS is there, distribution 
products like mutual fund, insurance. 
So, there are different verticals, again, based on the financial markets only. So, we believe that 
in coming years, we should be able to see the good growth in the company. As you all know, 
India is looking to travel this journey from INR3.5 trillion to INR7.5-odd trillion in the next 5 
to 7 years. So, if this actually happens that then it will reflect into the performance of financial 
markets, more participation will grow. 
People -- style of investment will grow. So, we believe that next 5 years should be extremely 
good for all the participants and Share India is ready to encash on this opportunity with -- all the 
verticals are technologically supported, good team we have, good networth we have in balance 
sheet. 
And next 5 years, we are going to fire from all the cylinders. So, we believe that we'll achieve 
our good growth in the next 5 years also. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. We have our first 
question from the line of Mr. Darshit from RoboCapital. Please go ahead. 
Darshit: 
Congratulations on good set of numbers. I just – want , an overview or you can call it guidance 
or an internal target about growth in revenue and margins for the next 2 to 3 years. How do you 
see -- what are the parameters that you think will lead to growth? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Kamlesh, sir, will you answer this question? 
Kamlesh Shah: 
You answer. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes. Okay. So, the thing is that last 7 years, we are growing like more than 30% CAGR. Base 
was small and opportunity was good. But as I said, we spent last 2 years in creating new verticals, 
getting good tech support behind our back. So, like all the verticals are ready, like recently -- we 
focus more on merchant making side. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 5 of 16 
 
I believe next year, we all will see good growth in that particular area also, especially, we are 
focusing on SME segment. So NBFC will see good growth. Retail broking  will see good growth. 
As I said, organically, inorganically, both we are going to focus on the retail side. 
And so, we believe that next 5 years, as I said, India is looking good, well settled and politically, 
there should not be a big challenge. So, if all things went well, so next 5 years, we are targeting 
at least 20% CAGR growth should be there for the company. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So, I'd just like to add what Sachin, sir, has already mentioned in this. We have always 
maintained that we believe that we would be able to maintain a CAGR of 20%-plus, as he 
mentioned, for the next 5 years. In fact, in the last 2 years, we have surpassed those expectations 
as well. All the activities that we have done in developing our tech stack, strengthening of our 
employee strength, setting up the corporate governance practices will help us shoot from here 
and deliver a good set of numbers going forward as well. 
Internally, we are very optimistic, the current businesses that are there will continue to grow at 
least 20%-plus CAGR growth. And any additional client acquisition that we might do or any 
additional growth that might come because of uTrade Algos or for any other product that we 
launch will directly add on to our top line and bottom line. 
And from a PAT margin perspective, as mentioned historically, we intend or we believe that we 
would be able to maintain a PAT margin of around 30%, which has been there for the last 9 
months-or-so. So, this is the kind of PAT margin that we would continue to maintain going 
forward. 
Sachin Gupta: 
One more point I want to add here about the Insti  broking. So, as I said, we are trying to develop 
different verticals. So NCDEX one vertical, we just started and a good set of team is there. Team 
is -- recently we started. So, we believe that next, again -- new vertical. So next 2 to 3 years, 
we'll see good set of numbers coming from the retail. So, all focus is on serving clients. 
So, you guys will see in coming years more of -- we'll be talking about more of retail, more of 
wealth products, more of  Institutional Desk. So, Share India is keeping control on the current 
revenues and current verticals. So, we'll be focusing on more on the retail side in coming next 2 
to 3 years. So, we believe that putting all things together, we should be able to achieve 20% 
CAGR for next 5 years. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Simar from Negen Capital. Please go ahead. 
Simar: 
Congratulations on a great set of numbers. So, I know that you had given a guidance of 25% to 
30% CAGR for the next 5 years on your top line. Can you give me -- and you were very bullish 
on the previous con-call regarding the commodity segment as well, in the MCX and NCDEX. 
So, can you talk more about the commodity segment? How much is it contributing right now to 
your overall revenue? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So unfortunately, what happened in last quarter, and NCDEX business has gone down drastically 
at the exchange level. There was some interference on the government side about the inflation 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 6 of 16 
 
in the certain commodities. So, they shut down the some fancy commodities. So, exchange level 
volumes have dropped like drastically. So that business has gone down. 
And on the MCX side, again, unfortunately, they were transferring their current test stacks  from 
FT to TCS. So that took a major hit. And TCS is not yet stable in the market, TCS is yet not 
stable in the market. So, it took lot of time to transfer from FT to TCS. We all have to take big 
hit in MCX also. 
So, we believe that MCX should pick in 1 month or 2. So for the next financial year, MCX 
business will grow. But NCDEX, we are not seeing any growth at all. But infrastructure-wise, 
everything Share India is there. Numbers are -- we were able to match the numbers, but growth 
was not there because of all these challenges which are beyond our control. So, we believe that 
if MCX will be able to stabilize with the TCS product, then next financial year, MCX should 
grow big. Right now, the volumes are down drastically. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes, I would just like to add a couple of points that Sachin, sir, has already mentioned in this. 
So, if I could talk about commodity specifically, the bullishness in the last con-call was more to 
do from a strategic point of view and long-term scenario. And even in the last con call, we had 
mentioned that this being an election year, we might have to maintain a certain sense of 
prosperity when it comes to the results, especially in the commodity because given the election 
scenario that might plan out. 
So that's number 1 to point that. Number two, all the scenario that Sachin, sir, has already 
mentioned, has more to do with the quarter impact. We believe mostly in Q3, all of those 
elements have been taken care of. And if anything, else, Q4 might see another impact of it. But 
post elections this year, we continue to maintain a very strong bullish stand from the commodity 
segment. 
And we are very hopeful that it would continue to cut traction in coming years. On a 9-month 
basis, we have to see beyond the quarter-on-quarter impact. On a 9-month business, we have 
seen a certain amount of growth. On a year-on-year basis, in terms of ADT, the ADT would 
have been similar of around INR1,500 crores for this quarter as well in the commodity segment. 
But in terms of top line, the impact has been better. So, if you see -- so on a 9-month basis, we've 
performed better in the commodity segment. 
And till up to elections, we might see a certain sense of conservative when it comes to 
commodity business. But post that, we are really hopeful that it will continue to grow big. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Abhinav, I would like to add 1 point here. We are taking this opportunity to see that the 
commodity business which we consider one of the most strategic business and which has a lot 
of growth potential, we are getting all our offices ready. Currently, majority of the business is 
being done from Delhi office. But now we're getting Bombay office, prepared and Jaipur and 
Ahmedabad office so that in next phase, we should be able to capitalize on the growth targets 
based on the multi-locational working. Thank you. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 7 of 16 
 
Sachin Gupta: 
Sir, I would like to add 1 more point for the -- just for the FYI for the -- all the friends, that 
recently, Share India also got an award from the MCX. Kamlesh, sir, can elaborate. Sir, can you 
please tell about the award. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Yes. We got, I mean, Member of the Year Award from the MCX. So that is -- see, when Sachinji 
was talking, he was talking in general and exchange performance because of various limitations. 
But from our end, we have made constant efforts to see that we upgrade our products, we 
maintain our market share as well as try to see that all the technology that we have assets to, 
could be best utilized. And all this is making an impact. And we are constantly getting awards 
for last 3 years from MCX being the member of the year award. So that is also one of the great 
-- we have a very good team led by Mr. Suresh Arora. 
And I think, as Abhinav has already told maybe in next quarter or so, the volume will pick up. 
And we will the direct beneficiary of the same. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Anmol Das from Arihant Capital. 
Anmol Das: 
Am I audible? 
Sachin Gupta: 
No ma'am, there is some noise. So, we're not able to hear you ma'am. 
Anmol Das: 
Hello? Am I audible now? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Better but very faintly. Yes, please go ahead. 
Anmol Das: 
So, my first question is with respect to retail mix. So, could you please share what is the retail 
mix in your revenue and what is the strategy you are following for the retail business expansion? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Abhinav, can you please take up this? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes, yes. Yes, sir. So, I'll take that. So, in terms of retail business within the scope of entire thing 
as we have mentioned, we have around 20%-25% from the -- coming from the retail which 
includes retail from both NBFC and -- ma'am, I think there's some noise, can you... 
Sachin Gupta: 
Ma'am, there is some noise... 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Can you mute your call? 
Sachin Gupta: 
It is getting echoed. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes, yes. Yes, yes. So yes, just to elaborate what the -- to answer to the respect of the retail 
section. So, as we have already mentioned that we have around 10% to 15% of revenue share 
coming from retail specifically, which excludes AD revenue from NBFC or institutional 
segment that we have created over the last 1, 1.5, 2 years. 
And as far as the expansion retail is concerned, as you guys are aware that the flagship products 
of uTrade Algos was launched in June this year. We are seeing quite a good traction of both 
online and off-line in that segment. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 8 of 16 
 
Online continues to remain the main stay as of right now. Since its launch, more than 20,000 
customers have joined our platforms on a trial basis. We have been able to do a good conversion 
rate of around 7% to 8% on an activation basis for that product platform, which for any online 
product is a very heartening number. 
Going forward, we are very confident about the offline business picking up in terms of uTrade 
Algos. And not only the uTrade Algos in order to cater to those off-line clients, we will continue 
to cater products like MTS, mutual fund advisory and maybe to some extent, help them with 
merchant banking activity we are very hopeful that, that business would get a good revenue 
traction also customer acquisition as well. 
And alongside, we are -- as we said, we are committed to our task of around 3 lakh customers 
in 3 years, for which we are hopeful for both organic/inorganic opportunities in the market. 
Anmol Das: 
Okay, sir. And one more question. So how is the Algo trading market fairing among retailers? 
And how much of the market share do we see in our company? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
I'm sorry, I could only hear my voice from your line. 
Sachin Gupta: 
We could not hear you. 
Moderator: 
There is a background noise at your end. 
Anmol Das: 
Hello? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes, please, please. 
Anmol Das: 
I just wanted to ask about the Algo trading markets fairing among retailers. So how much of the 
market share do we see in our company? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Okay. So, ma'am good question. I think I would like to answer that mostly from a top-down 
approach. If you analyse the data, currently, there are around 3.5 crores active traders in the 
market as per the exchange data. And if we go at a deeper level than that, there would be almost 
around maybe 70, 80 lakh customers who would have ticket size of more than 10 lakh kind of a 
ticket size for -- in the market. 
But Algo trading in India has been a very unorganized sector. We, at Share India, very hopeful 
that we being the Share India and being regulated player with the tech stack in-house developed 
from uTrade, Silverleaf and Algowire, are at a uniquely positioned to consolidate this market 
and convert it from an unorganized to organized market. 
As far as the market share is concerned, there is no specific case study has been done in order 
for the Algo for retail. But Algo for retail is a product which has designed more for a future 
perspective and not from a current perspective. So currently, though the number of customers 
might be very less who are using Algo at retail level. We believe going forward, Algo as a 
product at a much broader level would be used by Indian market investors to enhance their return 
from the market. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 9 of 16 
 
Moderator: 
We have a next question from the line of Rahul Sinha from Ameriprise Financial. 
Rahul Sinha: 
I have a question that could you please elaborate on the channels through which client 
acquisitions are taking place? And additionally, if possible, could you please provide some 
numerical insights into the acquisitions made in the first half, and shed light on the distribution 
on these new customers? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Sorry, can you please come again? Distribution of new customers is what you are asking 
currently? If I understand it correctly. 
Rahul Sinha: 
Could you please elaborate on the channels through which the client acquisitions are taking 
place? And additionally, if possible, could you please provide some numerical insights into the 
acquisitions made in the first half and shed light on the distributions of these new customers? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Okay. So, though we don't track this kind of a distribution, what you are referring internally, but 
off the top of my head, I would try to put some numbers so that you can understand it better. 
Internally, those are not the MIF criteria that we follow. So, we launched the uTrade retail 
product in September last year -- between September '22, not '23. We launched our initial 
campaigns for the IBT. So, the total number of retail customers that we have acquired has been 
around 13,000 to 14,000 in the last 1.5-odd years, right. Of -- Most of which -- and I'm talking 
about -- when I talk about customers, I'm talking about KYC-registered customer. 
So, they are not trial or any other metric. A lot of them came because of the uTrade IBT that 
we've launched in -- that we had launched in September last year. We launched a uTrade Algos 
in around June this year, post which the marketing campaign started in September, September 
'23. 
And since then, we are seeing around on an average, around 1,000 customers a month, 
approximately. And most of them are coming through online mode currently. In fact, when I say 
most of them, around 70%, 75% of them would be coming through online. We have just started 
with our offline customer acquisition mandates now. 
Q3 was the first quarter, in fact, when the offline team was given mandates in terms of customer 
acquisition going forward in terms of uTrade Algos going forward. And going forward, we 
believe that the growth customer acquisition in offline would far exceed the online customer 
acquisition at a much lower cost in that matter, for sure. 
So going forward, from offline mix of both uTrade Algos and retail customers would tilt towards 
the offline. But as of right now, most of the customers are through online. 
Moderator: 
The next question from the line of Harsh Shah from HSBC Asset Management. 
Harsh Shah: 
One of the things that you mentioned that you have received a Leading Member of the Exchange 
Award from MCX, can you just please elaborate what does that mean? Means, are you the top 
5 top brokers or top 10? What is the reason that you received this award? 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 10 of 16 
 
Sachin Gupta: 
So MCX, every year, they give recognition awards to the brokers in different categories. So, 
Share India got -- this is a very prestigious award. This happens once in a year. So, Share India 
was chosen the Member of the Year. So that was because of the -- primarily because of the 
turnover from the broker. 
So, as I explained earlier, exchange has taken a big hit in -- when they were transferring their 
tech from FT to TCS. But Share India at their level like we were pushing a lot and we were able 
to somehow match our turnovers and overall participation. So, our market share is more than 
10% in MCX, and we maintained our leadership in that sense. So primarily, that is for the highest 
turnover. So, we don't know in terms of top 5 or top 10. But yes, we have more than 10% market 
share. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. And the most importantly, that the award for was for the Member of the Year or not any 
subcategory that the exchange might have for that. 
Harsh Shah: 
That's true. That's true. Yes, that is the reason I was intrigued. And second question is you 
mentioned that right now, there is a temporary hiccup because of the transition, though it is 
transitionary in nature, but MCX volume has been going up month after month. So, in this 
temporary phase, are you still maintaining that market share or are you losing market share? You 
said your volumes are going down. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes, yes. No, no, no. We are not losing. No, no, we are not losing. So, we are still maintaining 
the market share. And as Kamlesh, sir, has explained earlier that, earlier we were only focusing 
on a certain region. But strategically, Mr. Suresh Arora, who is leading this particular vertical, 
he has focused on now Ahmedabad, Jaipur, Mumbai side also. So, we believe that our turnover 
will go up -- even exchange turnover will go up, we'll be able to maintain the market share in 
next financial year also. 
We are very aggressive on commoditized, putting more capital in terms of bank guarantees with 
the exchange and training more traders and also growing in different geographies like Bombay, 
Ahmedabad, Jaipur also. So, I believe that we'll be able to maintain this market share. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes, I'd just like to give 2 technical points to that answer so that it might help you better. So, 
number one, what we are very clear that commodity remains to be a very strategic point for us, 
and we will continue to cater to that segment. But there are 2 types of transactions or the turnover 
that they do, number one, as you see, MCX is an evolving thing, and we believe that it will 
continue to evolve. And once the exchange matures, we believe a lot of turnover will shift from 
futures to options. So, though we will continue to maintain turnover our future turnover will 
more or less stabilize to current numbers. 
When you look at the exchange data, there would be an element of futures  and options as well, 
but we believe that we would have an edge in both futures  and options in that segment as well. 
And we will gain market share when it comes to the option turnover in that segment, number 
one. 
Number two, when you refer to MCX turnover, sometimes people look at the notional numbers, 
how we analyse it essentially in terms of premium turnover and not in terms of notional turnover. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 11 of 16 
 
And thirdly, if you look at our ADTO numbers, we continue to maintain ADTO of around 
INR1,500-odd crores consistently for the last 4 or 6 quarters at MCX. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. Sorry, just 1, you mentioned that your market share with MCX is more than 10%. 
Can I know that same number from premium options ADTO, market share? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So, it's -- so from an MCX perspective, it's a very difficult number to be able to segregate 
in that matter. But what we understand that we have more than 10% market share in that sense. 
Giving a particular number we would need certain data from MCX, which I think is currently 
not available in public. 
Harsh Shah: 
Understood. Just another question is, last week, there was a circular uploaded on MCX website 
giving them permission to have DMA of FPIs, will Share India have any beneficiary gain out of 
this? 
Sachin Gupta: 
100%. Sir, we have a relationship with more than 40 FPIs from Dubai, Singapore and other parts 
of the world. So, some of them are eagerly waiting for the DMA. So once the DMA will start, 
definitely, it is going to benefit us. 
So as Abhinav explained that once this tech transition will stabilize, MCX is a very innovative 
exchange. They like options. They made a huge success from crude options and NG and we 
believe they will come up with the -- they will continue with the innovation of -- with the new 
products, new option products will come out like DMA is also there on the cards. So, all these 
things will help us growing our revenue from this particular exchange. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mr. Karan from Get Well Soon Hospitality. 
Karan: 
Sir, my question is regarding Share India's strategy as -- like Share India is catering to 2, 3 
diverse business verticals. What currently tops our priority list? Could you outline the key 
segments we're emphasizing for the medium term? 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, as we explained earlier, last 2 years, our focus was more on getting the tech -- good tech 
behind us. So, we acquired 2 tech companies in October 2021. So recently, we acquired an HFT 
company -- so last quarter, so idea was to grow in international markets. 
So, you will see in next 1 year, Share India will start having presence in different world markets. 
So, like next 3 years, strategically, our focus will be more on all retail products like acquiring 
direct retail organically/inorganically, offline/online, pushing uTrade Algo products for the 
retail, heavy marketing budgets we have, a good team we have on the ground for the off-line 
sales and MTS, we are launching. NCDEX, we started. With NCDEX, we are not only focusing 
on institutions, we are focusing on PMS, AIF. And a good team is there on NCDEX. 
We believe next 3 years, our focus will be more on the client servicing side, let it be institutions, 
let it be retail. And you will see after 3 years, the dream is very simple. On the broking side, 
Share India should be there for the retail, HNIs, Algo. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 12 of 16 
 
On Insti side, we could have good institutions with us serving them for derivative trading for 
long-only funds also and NBFC is doing superly good. Again, NBFC team is very bullish on the 
business for the next 3 years. So, we are also trying to diversify portfolios to a more collateralized 
portfolio. Next year, you will see NBFC will be gaining too much ground on side of 
collateralized loans. 
So NBFC, merchant banking, retail, all these products will be customer servicing sides, not much 
on trading side. On trading side, what we are doing? We are keeping a strong control over it and 
trading we might expand in India organically what we are doing also in the international market. 
So, our focus will be on servicing clients. That will be our focus in next 3 years. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Sachin, can I add 1 thing? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes, sure, sir. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
See, in short, our focus is on building organization. We have 1 of the best management team. 
We have about 30 people from the promoters group participating into day-to-day activities. In 
addition to that, in recent 2, 3 years, we have brought many professional management people 
joining the company. On top of it, we have now a very highly dignified Board of Directors and 
tech acquisition and other related activities. The other point, which I would like to clarify here 
is that our focus is only on financial services. 
So whatever development or whatever growth has happened or whatever diversification in the 
portfolio has happened is concentrated on the financial services, which is our strength area. So, 
we are consolidating. We are getting ready for the next phase of development, and we are geared 
up to take the maximum benefit of the growing market size and retail participation. 
So, our focus is in line with the development in the market, the development in the economy, 
the development in the growth of retail investors and the opportunities that are available in the 
overseas market and all these are achieved through tech-based solutions. So, technology would 
be the key growth driver for all the initiatives that were taken by the -- taken by Share India. 
Moderator: 
We have next question from the line of Sarvesh Mutha from Antique Stock Broking. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Sir, my question is on the employee count. So last quarter, we had reported around 1,500-plus 
employees, and this quarter our employee count has gone beyond 3,500. So, can you highlight 
what exactly has happened? And which segment are these hirings being done for? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Sorry, so total employee count, you said has gone up from 1,500 to what number? 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
3,500. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So, I would... 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes, yes, Abhinav, please... 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So, as we have very clearly mentioned that we continue to maintain that 25% to 30 % 
CAGR in our organic business. Plus, as we are going on our retail acquisition, we would see a 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 13 of 16 
 
lot of employees getting added into the traction. So, if you look at our branch count, our branch 
count has gone from around 70 to around 150 in the last few quarters. 
In the event what has happened, a lot of franchisees that were there are now existing as branch 
model in order to get into the entire retail acquisition space, we would need to add an employee 
strength. So, a lot of employee strength has been added because of that. 
Number two, in our stand-alone and our traditional business, we continue to engage with more 
traders and continue to hire in order to grow that business consistently. 
So yes, there has been a spurred of employee count in the last 6, 7 quarters, especially in the last 
9 months-or-so. But going forward, we believe it would stabilize in the next maybe 2 -- after 2 
or 3 quarters. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Okay. But -- so I'm seeing this data -- so for Q2, you had reported 1,500 employees in... 
Sachin Gupta: 
Sir, your voice is not clear at all. 
Sarvesh Mutha: 
Yes. So, I'm saying on behalf of last quarter, you had reported 1,500 employees and this quarter 
it's 3,500, so within 1 quarter... 
Abhinav Gupta: 
No, no. So, the number is not because of that one quarter, it's just that in the 9 months, we were 
able to -- so what has happened, the last quarter number was 1,500-plus we hadn't done the 
employee count exercise in the last half year. So that's why within 1 presentation, you are seeing 
quite a big jump. 
But if you look at it on a more detailed and annual report presentation perspective, you would 
realize that we always had around 2,000-odd employees. The number has increased in the last 9 
months-or-so, we just in the last presentation, we were not able to consolidate the number of 
employees in the presentation. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Raj Tater, a shareholder. 
Raj Tater: 
Good evening, all of you. My question is related to the CAGR growth that was -- the guidance 
that was given -- in the last quarter, it was mentioned that for the next -- we expect to grow by 
CAGR 25% to 30%. But in today's guidance, we are mentioning upwards of 20%. Can you 
please elaborate on that? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Yes, Kamlesh, sir, please continue, please. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
No, no. We always would like to be conservative. If you see the -- I mean, the performance for 
the 9 months, it is already showing the healthy growth of upward of 25%. So, I mean this is what 
we believe we have discounted all the unforeseen events and the global turmoil or any other 
events. So that we would like to be conservative rather than liberal on the numbers, but you will 
see from the actual performance that we have delivered more than what we have mentioned in 
our conversation. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 14 of 16 
 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. And also, I would just like to add, when we mentioned for 35% -- 25% to 30% CAGR 
growth, since then, the company has grown at a faster rate than 25% to 30%. We maintained 
that when we acquired uTrade. So, it's the first time that we gave the 25% to 30% guidance 
essentially was in March '22, right? 
And now we are sitting at March '24. In the last 2 years, company has grown at a much faster 
pace, both in terms of top line and bottom line. So even though we believe that the endpoint 
remains same 25%, 30% from those levels, we believe that even with that 20%, we would be 
able to maintain an entire CAGR of around 25% to 30%. 
And as sir said, it's much more prudent on our side to remain conservative on this because future, 
as everyone says, will flow out on its own. But we continue to remain bullish both on the 
traditional business and any additional business that we are able to grow because of the efforts 
that we have taken in the last 2 years, including mutual fund advisory or institutional business 
or merchant banking or NBFC business will add on to the bottom line and improve our CAGR 
growth. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Just to elaborate, just to mention. See, in my initial remarks I have mentioned our performance 
for 9 months. The revenue has grown by 36% in 9 months. And the profit after tax has grown 
by 39%. So that itself shows lot of things about the actual performance. Going forward, as that 
is the best policy to be conservative and to achieve more than what we promised. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Mr. Abhishek, a shareholder. 
Abhishek: 
First of all, congratulations on the wonderful results. My question is related to NBFC. Could 
you please give a broad-based breakup of loan book and borrowings in NBFC? Additionally, 
what are the geographies we intend to grow NBFC book? 
Sachin Gupta: 
Rajesh, sir, can answer this question. Rajesh, sir, can you please answer this question? 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Good evening, everyone. Our loan book as on 31st December was INR235 crores. Out of this, 
INR169 crores was from -- entrepreneur loans. And the remaining was from SMB loans of 
bigger ticket sizes. These are the two main breakups. And our borrowings are from banks, from 
corporate, intercorporate loans and from our relative also. 
As far as our geographical expansion is concerned, in these 9 quarters, we have opened our 
branches in Bihar and MP. We will continue to grow in these areas looking forward. And in the 
coming period, we also looking to seeing our expansion in other states also, including Odisha 
and Jharkhand. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So just what Rajesh, sir, has -- just to add on to those points. we have closed this quarter 
with around 57 branches for NBFC and more than 67,000 -- or around 68,000 active customers 
from the NBFC division as well. So, the client within the NBFC division... 
Abhishek: 
Yes, yes. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. So, 57 branches and around 68,000 customer base for the NBFC. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 15 of 16 
 
Abhishek: 
Okay. So, as we are talking about the expansion of this vertical, are there any new products we 
are planning to launch in NBFCs? 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Sure. As already Sachinji has told that we are interested -- more interested in collateralized 
products. We are looking for the secured loans to SME and like that. We will definitely grow 
our book in SME loans. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Vikas Jain, a shareholder. 
Vikas Jain: 
Sir, congratulations for good set of numbers. Sir, I wanted to know the view of management that 
in near future management of the company intend to give any bonus share to the shareholders 
as a corporate action or corporate benefits to shareholders? 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Sir, as of right now, there is no plan that is presented to the Board on this. As and when there 
are certain things that might come to -- presented to the Board, appropriate disclosures will be 
made to the exchange. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Okay. But sir, you will appreciate that every quarter company is giving some dividends. So as 
for the dividend policy, so we have distributed it in every quarter. So -- but as far as any corporate 
action, there is no discussion with the Board. 
Vikas Jain: 
But in near future management have a... 
Sachin Gupta: 
Might be, but -- yes, might be, but right now, we don't have any proposal. 
Moderator: 
We have our next question from the line of Raj Tater, an individual investor. 
Raj Tater: 
Sir, our core business, which is the broking business has grown phenomenally well over the last 
so many years. And now we are diversifying into merchant banking, NBFC, insurance broking 
businesses. So, all of us know that NBFC is a huge business in itself. So are we diversifying too 
much in 3, 4 new businesses at the same time, instead of just focusing on maybe NBFC, which 
is like the largest business in India. I wanted your views on that. 
Sachin Gupta: 
So, I will start the answer then Rajesh, sir, can add. So, the idea is, as I explained earlier, the 
idea is that as a group Share India should be a diversified group. So, things should not be like 
that if stock market went down like, let us say, by 50%, so all the stock market related revenues 
definitely dry up. 
We have all experienced it in the last 15, 20 years, multiple times. We see the periods where 
there is no revenue from any vertical stock market if market performs bad in a certain period, 
correct? So, with that opinion, we were diversifying into new verticals, which are not directly 
related to the stock market. 
So NBFC and insurance are the 2 verticals in our kitty. So NBFC is quite big. But the idea is, 
we will grow -- we will diversify within NBFC also, like Rajesh, sir, explained, collateralized 
loan and non-collateralized loan, personal loan types everything will be there. But definitely, we 
are not going to take much leverage with NBFC. 

 
 
Share India Securities Limited
 
 
January 29, 2024 
Page 16 of 16 
 
We are not going to take too much loan or on book that it should not pose any risk to the parent 
company. So, it should give us good revenues, it should grow, but eventually, it should not be 
burdened or risky for the group as a whole. So, with having a conservative opinion, we'll grow 
organically we'll go slow, but definitely, even slow, I didn't mean that like we'll not grow at all. 
We'll go at a decent pace. And now we have started looking for diversifying the verticals within 
NBFC. So, Rajesh, sir, can add here. Rajesh, sir, you want to... 
Rajesh Gupta: 
Okay. Okay. Okay. As Sachinji has explained, we are definitely keeping pace with our holding 
company. Our loan book as on 31st March '23 was INR127 crores, and now it is INR235 crores. 
Our branches were 42 and now these are 57. We are adding SME loans, we are adding 
collateralized loan and we are adding states further. Yes, definitely, we are not growing at 
unexpected pace. 
We are conservative as RBI has already red flag regarding unsecured personal loan. We are more 
conservative. We have installed more checks in our system to take the -- to onboard the clients 
like we have fixed some exposure of the clients, we are -- we are boarding, total exposure of 
loan of the clients, total monthly instalment, if he is paying, like that. 
So, we will be more focusing on quality of our AUM. It is for only this division that our GNPR 
only 0.9% and net NPR only 0.66%. So, we are growing, but keeping the quality of our AUM. 
Abhinav Gupta: 
Yes. And just to answer your question, only from an NBFC person, what Sachin, sir, and Rajesh, 
sir, are trying to tell you is that internal accruals and equity remains the main source of funding 
for that book. And essentially, though we would -- we are very positive about the outlook of 
that, but the growth would be very streamlined in that sense for that business to be in. And yes, 
as far as the diversification into other division is concerned, you would appreciate that the 
diversification is not about only a quarter impact. 
It's more from a strategic angle that we want to pursue and become a financial conglomerate and 
offer multiple financial services and we believe all of these businesses will start giving traction 
maybe a few years down the line, we are just sowing the seeds right now and putting into the 
efforts of creating those divisions, maybe a couple of years down the line when you will start 
their impact the entire impact on the income statement or income on that matter. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Due to time constraint, that would be the last question of the day. I would now like 
to hand the conference over to Mr. Raju Barnawal for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Raju Barnawal: 
Thank you, Kamlesh, sir, and Share India team for giving us this opportunity to host the call and 
good luck for the future performance. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of Antique Stock Broking, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining us, 
and you may now disconnect your lines. 
Sachin Gupta: 
Thank you, everyone. Thank you. 
Kamlesh Shah: 
Thank you. Thank you, everyone. 
