 
 
 
6th February, 2024 
 
BSE Limited                                                 National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Department of Corporate Services               Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers                          Exchange Plaza 
Dalal Street                                                   Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Mumbai 400 001                                           Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051       
Scrip Code: 500575  
 
           NSE Symbol: VOLTAS 
 
 
Dear Sirs,  
 
Sub: Transcript of the Earnings Conference Call pertaining to Financial Results 
              
Further to our letter dated 25th January, 2024, we enclose herewith a copy of the transcript of 
the Q3 FY24 Earnings Conference Call on the Unaudited Financial Results (Standalone and 
Consolidated) of the Company for the quarter and nine months ended 31st December, 2023 held 
on 31st January, 2024. 
 
2. The same is also available on the Company’s website at 
     https://www.voltas.in/images/Investor/schedule-announcements/download/Voltas_Q3_FY24_Earnings_Call_Transcript.pdf  
 
 
Thanking you,  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
             Yours faithfully,  
                                                                                              VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   V. P. Malhotra 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
              Head – Taxation, 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    Legal & Company Secretary 
 
 
Enc.  
 
 
VARUN 
PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA
Digitally signed by 
VARUN PRAKASH 
MALHOTRA 
Date: 2024.02.06 
16:15:00 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
“Voltas Limited 
Q3 FY‘24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
      
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. PRADEEP BAKSHI – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. JITENDER PAL VERMA -- CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. NIKHIL CHANDARANA -- HEAD CORPORATE 
FINANCE – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MR. VAIBHAV VORA -- MANAGER, CORPORATE 
FINANCE – VOLTAS LIMITED 
 
MODERATOR: 
MR. ANIRUDDHA JOSHI – ICICI SECURITIES 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to the Q3 FY '24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Voltas hosted by ICICI Securities. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. 
Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star 
then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Ladies 
and gentlemen, kindly note the duration of the call will be for 45 minutes. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Aniruddha Joshi from -- thank you. And over to you, sir. 
Aniruddha Joshi: 
On behalf of ICICI Securities, we welcome you all to Q3 FY '24 results conference call of Voltas 
Limited. We have with us senior management represented by Mr. Pradeep Bakshi, MD and 
CEO; Mr. Jitender Verma, Chief Financial Officer; Mr. Nikhil Chandarana, Head Corporate 
Finance; and Mr. Vaibhav Vora, Manager, Corporate Finance. 
 
Now I hand over the call to the management for the initial comments on the quarterly 
performance. Thanks, and over to you, sir. 
Jitender Pal Verma: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. This is Jitender Verma. As you have already seen our 
results and press release, just wanted to take you through some salient features. 
2023 unfolded in a manner that defied easy predictions. The initial outlook was overshadowed 
by the global geopolitical tensions and financial market volatility. In case of the developed 
world, inflation climbed to unprecedented levels, compelling central banks to embark on 
historically rigorous path of rate hikes before settling down to pause in the latter part of the year. 
The uncertainty of growth across the world kept the crude oil and commodity prices volatile for 
most of the year. 
 
Despite multiple headwinds globally, the Indian economy demonstrated resilience and candor 
in 2023. The increase in tax revenues, positive PMI across manufacturing and services, coupled 
with the highest economic growth rate amongst world economies stands to this testimony. 
Quarter 3 of the financial year comes with festivities across the country, augmenting demand for 
the various product categories we operate in. The execution of healthy order pad in project 
business at the beginning of the year has also added to the overall revenue for the quarter ended 
December 2023. As a result, the consolidated total income registered a growth of 32% at INR 
2,684 crores as against INR 2,036 crores in quarter 3 of financial year '23. While product 
profitability has improved over previous year on account of stability in commodity prices and 
operating leverage duly supported by the improved profitability in domestic business on the 
execution of the healthy order pad. A provision on account of delayed collection and cost 
overrun in international projects, especially in Qatar, has impacted the overall result for the 
quarter ended December 2023. The profit before tax that is PBT was INR 24 crores against a 
loss of INR 80 crores in quarter 3 financial year '23. Earnings per share for the quarter ended 
31st December 2023, was a negative INR 0.92 against a negative EPS of INR 3.34 reported last 
year.  
The consolidated total income for the 9 months ended 31st December 2023, was higher by 27% 
at INR 8,477 crores as compared to INR 6,664 crores in the corresponding period last year. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
Profit before tax was at INR312 crores as compared to INR93 crores last year. Net profit after 
tax was at INR137 crores as against a loss of INR7 crores owing to an exceptional loss of INR244 
crores in FY '23 in the corresponding period last year. Earnings per share for 9 months ended 31 
December 2023 was at INR4.10 as compared to a negative EPS of INR0.27 in the same period 
previous year. 
 
During the quarter, the company has availed term loan to finance the capacity expansion for both 
air conditioner and commercial refrigeration, along with investments directed towards PLI 
scheme. The corporate balance sheet continues to remain healthy with the cash and cash 
equivalents and minimal borrowings as at the period end. 
A snapshot of our results, you have already seen.  
Segment A's Unitary Cooling Products: Quarter 3 of current financial year witnessed key 
festivals and wedding season supporting consumer appliances in an otherwise lean quarter from 
the seasonal perspective. The strategic tie-ups with channel partners, price calibration coupled 
with expanded product portfolio has resulted in volume growth outperforming the industry. The 
planned expansion of Exclusive brand outlets or EBOs, has also supported and contributed to 
sales during the period. Tactical consumer-centric subvention schemes and placement of In-shop 
demonstrators (ISDs) has boosted sales of higher energy efficiency products, thereby improving 
product portfolio towards more premium category 
The collective outcome of all such initiatives has resulted in volume growth of 27% over last 
year in similar period. Voltas continued its leadership in window as well as split air conditioners 
category with YTD market share of 19% as of December 2023. 
 
The focus on the inverter category, improved product portfolio, reduced volatility in commodity 
prices, higher scale and focused approach on margin enhancement resulted in year-on-year and 
sequential margin improvement for the product category. 
 
On a relatively higher base of the previous year and on account of reduced investment by the 
OEM, more particularly in chocolate category, the growth of the commercial refrigerator 
category has remained tepid. Nevertheless, the outlook for this category is promising given the 
expansion of retail chains in conjunction with increased penetration of cold beverages, 
chocolates and ice creams into newer territories. 
The air cooler vertical witnessed a lower territorial demand, I mean, low offtake during this non-
season time. The investment in product portfolio, expansion of network channel and tactical 
distributor schemes supported the primary delivery to the channel partners, thereby registering 
a growth during the quarter. Voltas air coolers continued to lead the second position in market 
share with an exit market share of 8.9% as of November 2023, an increase of 170 bps over March 
'23. During the quarter, we witnessed good acceptance of our newly launched water heaters.  
Commercial air conditioning vertical performance has registered a robust growth for chillers, 
VRF, ducted and packaged air conditioners both from retail and health care sectors. Going 
forward, our mandatory quality control order compliance in few of the commercial air 
conditioning product category may also impact sales amid price escalation; however, increased 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
commercial activities across the country, coupled with focus on customer retention and after 
sales service should support the overall growth for the category. 
 
To summarize, for the quarter ended December 2023, UCP segment registered revenue of INR 
1,476 crores, a 21% growth in turnover from INR 1,216 crores in quarter 3 financial year '23. 
Segment reported an EBIT of INR123 crores in quarter 3 FY '24 as compared to INR89 crores 
in quarter 3 FY '23, i.e. a growth of 37%. 
For 9 months ended December 2023, UCP segment registered revenue of INR5,198 crores, a 
17% growth in turnover from INR4,426 crores in 9-month financial year '23. Segment result 
was INR423 crores in 9-month financial year '24 as against INR332 crores in 9-month financial 
year '23, a growth of 27%. 
 
Segment B, Electro-Mechanical Projects and Services: Segment revenue for the quarter was 
INR 982 crores as compared to the previous corresponding quarter revenue of INR 648 crores, 
a growth of 51%. The segment result for the quarter reported a loss of INR 120 crores due to 
cost escalation on periodic assessment of the ongoing projects and provisions on account of 
delayed collection in certain overseas projects. 
Domestic Projects business on the back of a healthy order book at the beginning of the year and 
timely execution of the projects registered a stellar growth of 83% over last year in the similar 
period. Focus on certification, tight control on the working capital and other project 
management-related initiatives have resulted in a robust growth in the financial results as well 
as improved ROCE that is return on capital employed, for the domestic projects. The order 
inflow and order pad for the domestic business stands at INR 482 crores and INR 5,275 crores, 
respectively. 
While domestic business has registered a stellar performance within this segment, our 
international project business continues to face headwinds. A cautious and risk-mitigated 
approach is followed for securing new orders. However, a few projects, especially in Qatar, are 
under stress due to obstinate delays in realization of overdue receivables and prolongation of 
execution timelines. These delays have resulted in cost overrun, which has impacted the overall 
performance and resulted in a loss of INR143 crores in international projects business in the 
current quarter. 
Having said that, the company continues to engage with all concerned stakeholders in these 
projects to pursue its entitled claims and recovery of new receivables. 
 
Segment C, Engineering Products and Services: The segment revenue for the quarter was 
INR 155 crores and EBIT for the quarter was INR 50 crores, respectively. 
Customer-focused approach increased demand of crushing and screening equipment owing to 
extensive infrastructure spending in the country and revival of iron ore sector supported the 
growth of mining vertical in the quarter. 
Sustained prices of cotton on the arrival of new crop gave some respite to cotton spinners 
resulting in revival of demand for the textile machinery equipment. The vertical continued with 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
improved performance on the disciplined execution of the strong order book and focus on 
accessories sales, including auxiliary and value-added service. Investment in textile sector on 
the back of the policy initiatives of the government, like PLI scheme, Textile Park and revival 
of export demand are an indication of positive outlook for the sector. 
Voltas Beko: Voltas Beko, the Company's Home appliances business crossed a cumulative 
volume of 4.5 million units since launch of commercial sales, becoming the fastest brand to 
achieve this milestone. The overall volume growth was in excess of 65% compared to the 
corresponding quarter in the previous fiscal. And for the 9-month period, the overall growth in 
volume was in excess of 55%. The company's performance was aided by robust festival demand, 
improved consumer sentiments, growing presence in organized retail and e-commerce platform, 
and product management initiatives, which have led to a premiumization of the overall portfolio. 
The strategic tie-ups with organized trade partners and e-commerce platforms in addition to the 
traditional channels have contributed to achieving much higher volume growth as compared to 
the industry. The company's effective advertisement spends on TV and digital media and the 
rapid and extensive deployment of in-shop demonstrators has accelerated the growth 
momentum. Our market share stood at 3.3% for refrigerators and 5.5% for washing machines, 
representing an increase of 1% and 2.1%, respectively, over the same period in the previous 
year. In the semi-automatic washing machine category, the company reported market share of 
12.2% for December 2023.  
The favourable product mix, cost rationalization measures alongside localization of the fast-
moving SKUs have resulted in significant improvement in overall gross margins. During the 
quarter, the company also received significant export orders from the overseas subsidiaries of 
its shareholder partner. The loss per unit has been curtailed significantly despite much higher 
advertisement spends and in-shop activities. The growth in sales volumes and increase in 
capacity utilization will continue to drive improvement in gross margins and overall 
profitability. 
 
Outlook: With the upcoming summer around the corner, we strongly believe that demand for 
air conditioners, commercial refrigerators, air coolers and home refrigerators will be strong and 
positive consumer sentiments will further support growth. The various strategic initiatives and 
new product launches planned for the season across categories will help us to outperform the 
market and shall support us in strengthening market share in a more sustainable and profitable 
manner. 
The government make curb its spends on infrastructure in the wake of the general elections; 
however, profitable execution of the orders in hand will support growth momentum. The 
headwinds in our international business may continue for some time given the extraneous 
factors; however, the efforts taken by the company may be able to reduce its impact on the 
segment. 
We remain optimistic given the various supporting factors for the businesses we operate in. 
 
Thank you. Thank you very much. We can start the question-and-answer session. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is 
from the line of Natasha Jain from Nirmal Bang. Please go ahead. 
Natasha Jain: 
Sir, my first question is on the commentary that you made. You said that you received significant 
export orders for Voltas Beko. So can you just tell us where these orders came from and what 
were the orders for? 
Management: 
Normally, you know that we have a partner, which is Arçelik with the brand name of Beko. And 
as I've mentioned in our initial comments, these export orders are through them. So these are to 
meet their various -- because they operate in all regions outside India. So all the -- in terms of 
our agreement also, all the exports are done through them. They were for various countries in 
the nearby region. 
Management: 
Mainly these orders are for frost-free refrigerators and dishwashers. These are the 2 products, 
which we have exported. And since our arrangement with Arçelik is for India only and, 
therefore, certain products which our factory is producing here, and if they are in demand, which 
other factories are not producing, so there is opportunistic exports, which is happening. And for 
that, the partners based out of Turkey, they are procuring the orders and we are executing them. 
That's how the system is. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood, sir. All right. Sir, my next question is on the UCP segment. Now specifically for 
RAC, if I see your first half market share, we landed at 9.2, and then now we've again landed at 
19, so pretty much flat. Now if I see the overall UCP value growth and if I compare it with the 
volume growth for either RAC or the entire UCP, there's definitely been some pricing pressure. 
So did it come from RAC specifically and basis that we have to cut prices? 
Management: 
See, first of all, I think, what you said is 9.1% half yearly is something you've not probably 
spelled out properly. It is -- it's been over 19% in half yearly results as well as in the... 
Natasha Jain: 
19.2%. 
Management: 
Yes, 19.2%, you said 9.2% initially anyway. So it is over 19%. So first, we remain the market 
leaders, as you know, in the room air condition volume. And if you look at our primary sales 
growth also, which you would have seen through the balance sheet also in the air conditioning 
category in the quarter 3, we've grown by 27%. So I think while the industry has grown by about 
22% in YTD, so we have been growing faster or larger than the industry growth. And we are 
ensuring that our market shares and the leadership position remains intact. That's our endeavour. 
 
And if you are talking about the margin pressure, if you look at our margins in room AC category 
as well as overall category, it's been about the same what we have been doing. In this quarter, in 
fact, it is slightly better only. So while the industry has been -- if you look at many brands, I 
don't want to name here, but several brands have been registering losses to gain market share. 
Whereas if you look at our -- we have remained profitable as well as we've remained a leader, 
and we have maintained and sustained our numbers as well in market shares. 
Management: 
And Manish over here. Just to add what MD said, the value and the volume growth difference, 
what you're seeing is largely because of the product mix. The AC has been grown at a higher 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
average rate whereas the commercial refrigerator and the air cooler, the growth was lower. And 
that's why you're finding that the volume and value growth are different. 
Natasha Jain: 
Okay. So that means the UCP margin expansion would mostly have come through from the RAC 
category, right? Is that understanding correct? 
Management: 
For this quarter, yes. 
Natasha Jain: 
Understood, sir. And sir, lastly, on the EMP, as the projects business, sir, since the last couple 
of quarters and specifically in the last quarter, we've been told that the stress is going to be there. 
But then the level of aggressiveness would be decreasing. If I see the losses in this quarter, it has 
ballooned and it's greater than even quarter 1 and 2 combined. 
So I would want you to tell detail out as to what's happening there, how should we model this? 
Because we're not able to understand what are the losses that can crop up following -- in the 
following quarters in the magnitude of it. So if you can just detail out a little bit here. 
Management: 
So Natasha, let me tell you one thing is, the understanding of quarter 1 and quarter 2 put together, 
loss have gone up in the quarter, see that understanding is not correct. Second thing is, yes, we 
are facing some kind of headwinds in the international business and its outcome of the periodic 
assessment and reassessment what we carry out on the ongoing projects as well as the stress 
situation what we are seeing in the international markets, especially in the Qatar where we have 
a larger exposures and the delay in the receivables being seen consistently. So these are the prime 
reasons of the loss attributed to it. 
 
Now the question of yours is whether we are done with all the impacts? As we said earlier as 
well, it is the assessment of the project and the outstanding, which is there in the Qatar territory. 
Largely, we faced the headwinds over there. And the steps that we have taken should help us to 
contain those losses. But again, it is premature to say for the -- in the going forward how it will 
evolve. But this is where they stand today. MD will add a few words to it towards it. 
Management: 
Yes. So Natasha, you see the projects by nature are a little -- it's not sudden as to how -- which 
direction they're going to end because till the time the project completely gets over, it remains 
uncertain. So while our endeavour has always been to protect our interest, as well as our 
shareholders' interest to protect the margins as well as executing the projects well on-time and 
profitable and that is why we are into this business. 
And if you look at our history, for more than four decades in this business -- project business, 
this is the first time in last few quarters, you can say about 1.5 years, we have faced some 
headwinds, and that is largely on account of Qatar. Because what has happened is somebody 
unethically or uncalled for, they are en-cashing our bank guarantees in their anxieties to make 
quick monies or recover their monies, some contractors who we deal with. 
 
So that is what has derailed our international project business. Otherwise, if you look at overall, 
all other categories, all other verticals, including engineering products or our UCP segment 
everywhere we have made reasonably good profit. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Except for this particular vertical where for last few quarters, one after the other, some bank 
guarantees have been en-cashed or despite the fact we have carried out and executed the project 
and handed over the project as per the requirement of the client and the contractor, but our 
payments are withheld. 
While we are attempting in best possible manner, also through legal way, we are trying to 
retrieve this situation. And hopefully, by the time the verdicts come, we -- it should be in our 
favor. That's what we are trying to protect our interest as well as interest of our investors. So this 
is how it is as of today. But this is only one region. And in international operations also, 
everything is coming out of Qatar, so our endeavour is to plug this. 
And now going forward, also what we are doing is, as a remedial action, we are becoming very 
choosy while selecting the project, we are very selective. And wherever we think that it is backed 
up with proper funding, it is through renowned contractor and the client, those who are good 
paymasters, we are going to them only. Now we are not taking any chance whatsoever.  
Management: 
And as we say that these are the provisions and it should give us an opportunity to write-back or 
reverse these provisions as and when we win those legal cases and get our money back. So that 
will be an opportunity for the future. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from Bhavin from SBI Mutual Funds. Please go ahead. 
Bhavin: 
So this question, again, is on the loss in the Projects division that we have seen. So if you could 
just help us understand this Qatar, what was the original size of the project? What is pending to 
be completed? And what's the kind of cumulative losses that -- or provisions, as you highlighted, 
that we would have kind of provided for in this? 
And when should we expect business as usual, margins on the Projects division? So backward-
looking in terms of what was this 1 or 2 project, which went back to the quantum of the project 
and the losses? And going forward, what's the underlying margins of the projects that we are 
bidding and when can we expect normalcy to start? 
Management: 
So Mr. Bhavin, Bakshi here. You see if you have seen through our reports and we have tried to 
elaborate in our press releases also wherein actually largely all this has been happening in the 
Qatar projects only. And if you ask me, there are about 2, 3 projects where we have got derailed. 
While if you are asking about the status of these projects, most of these projects we have finished 
almost and handed over to the contractors, main contractors for the client. As you know, that by 
virtue of we being the MEP contractors, we work with the main contractor, which is a civil 
contractor. And then we are in between -- in the client and us, there is a main contractor. So we 
deal largely with the main contractors. 
 
And in some cases, the outstanding is there, they have not paid us our dues. In certain cases. they 
have en-cashed our bank guarantees. So on account of two -- and all this has been done, I would 
say, in crude language, they are fraudulently being done, unethical, uncalled for. While I have 
handed over, I have done my bit, and I've handed over the project to them, and they're using it. 
If you look at some malls, some buildings, which we have created, we have done our bit and 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
we've finished off the project and handed over the project. In spite of that, if somebody is 
encashing my bank guarantee, somebody is not paying me, actually, we are not at fault. But yes, 
of course, we owe the answers to you, we are answering you, but unfortunately, it is beyond our 
capacity. And therefore, we are very -- we have felt hurt. We have taken the matter to the court 
and we are trying to retrieve the situation. Hopefully, by the time the verdict comes, it should be 
in our favor, and we should be able to write back these provisions, which we've provided in the 
last couple of months. 
Bhavin: 
So what's the total quantum of provisions that we would have done for the Qatar these couple of 
projects in the Qatar? 
Management: 
Bhavin, if I take the equivalent amount, it may go even beyond INR 300 crores to INR 400-odd 
crores, it will vary. In fact, if I'm talking about the current financial year and some of the last 
quarter of the financial year, and that's where we stand. The quantum of the project and all the 
things won't matter too much to it because that's what we stuck and what our MD has rightly 
said, the legal remedies are being persuaded. Either contract is -- or the cancellation of the 
guarantees are taking place at the end of the contract. 
Bhavin: 
And the second question is, when can we expect business as usual? And what's the underlying 
margins now for the Projects division that one should... 
Management: 
For the business as usual, for other regions, we are earning usual profits. And our general 
guidance has always been roughly around 4% to 4.5% EBIT margins based on the turnover. And 
that is continuing in all the other areas. Even on this one, as we earlier said, that once the legal 
decisions are made, we should be able to get back a substantial amount on these losses, which 
have been -- or rather provisions, which have been booked until now. 
And usually, these court cases get decided and the execution of the legal decisions get executed 
over a period of, 24 months or maybe 30 months. So that is the kind of time period we are 
looking at overall. But other than that, all other projects, they are running normally. 
 
And in terms of business as usual, if you ask me, if you look at all other businesses, they are 
performing better than the expectation, and they are -- every other business and vertical is not 
on targets in terms of both, top-line, bottom-line, volume, everything except for this particular 
business. 
And here also, as I said, you would have heard me earlier when I was answering to Natasha also, 
that we have been very selective, where very carefully, we are picking up projects now in the 
international segment. So I think probably going forward, this will all pave way in the right 
direction because we want to curb all this, whatever has happened. 
Bhavin: 
Appreciate that. If I can ask one more question on the Unitary segment, in the competitive 
advantage for Voltas to our understanding was cost, second was brand and distribution. So cost 
is an advantage that the perception that we have is diluted because of the import curbs, but the 
margin increase that we are seeing, is it that the cost advantage that we had, we have kind of 
climbing back and is there -- if you can throw light on that and is there a possibility of we seeing 
a positive direction on the margin that we saw in this quarter continuing? 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Management: 
Actually, if you look at our price competitiveness has remained despite the fact overall in the 
industry because what has happened in last about 2 years, the commodity prices went up very 
steeply and unfortunately because during the lockdown and after the lockdown when the markets 
opened up, the industry could not pass on the price hike of the commodity to the consumers. 
And therefore, overall, if you look at in the industry, the margins have shrunk a bit over the 
previous years. But if you look at our profitability, it's been either better than many other brands 
or about the same. So I think you should believe that our competitiveness even whatever -- 
whether we were outsourcing from outside India or when we are producing in India, our prices 
have remained competitive and we have remained profitable brand all along. 
 
So I don't think it is a better sourcing because if you look at even today also, a lot of components 
still are being imported only. Everybody has been outsourcing quite a few products from outside, 
only 50% of those products comes from outside. So whether you are getting 50% or 60% earlier 
on, it's almost the same. Only thing is the commodity prices, which have got hike have been 
absorbed by the industry. And therefore, overall, if you look at on the margin front, there's a bit 
of a shrinkage, which has happened. 
Bhavin: 
So just the direction that we saw in this quarter was a positive surprise. Is the direction likely to 
continue? Can we see a slight increase in the margin directionally? 
Management: 
Direction for margins, if you ask about UCP segment, I think it is better only. If you were talking 
about overall company because of international operations, yes, that has gone a bit down. 
Management: 
So Bhavin, if I have to just add what Mr. MD rightly said is, if you recollect in the past as well, 
we said we'll remain a leader in the margin trajectory as well. And sequentially, if the stability 
gets arrested for the commodity, the scale should give some advantage to another 50, 60 basis 
points to move forward that we demonstrated in quarter 3 and looks like quarter 4 also will 
support to us in terms of the volume. So we remain positive on this. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Ajit Motwani from Dymon Asia. Please go ahead. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Just wanted to understand a bit of a thing on market share. So sequentially, your market share is 
about similar 19, 19.5. So can you split it between, say, window AC and inverter? And that's 
first question. And what would be our exit market share for December? 
Management: 
So if you look at, yes, of course, our endeavour has been to sustain our leadership and the market 
shares because currently, more than 60 brands, they are in the frame and they are fighting for 
the bite. So sustaining this market share itself is a tedious task, which our team has been able to 
maintain and sustain. Coming to the window versus split roughly, windows are hovering 
between 37 percent, if you look at for last few quarters. And in the split category, our market 
share is 19 percent. So that's how it is. And since the 90% of the business is coming in from the 
split ACs, therefore, our overall market share also remains about slightly above 19%. That's how 
it is. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Good. And what would be our exit market share for December? 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Management: 
So we will try and retain this market share because, as I said, our endeavour has been to sustain 
our market share as well as leadership position, so we will be around this number only. 
Ajit Motwani: 
Got it. And this number, when you give this is, if I understand correctly, this is multi-brand 
outlets market share. Here, you do not include your institutional business, right? 
Management: 
Yes, that is correct. 
Management: 
Even on overall basis also, this market share remains about the same only, including the MBO, 
EBOs and off-line channel, complete online channel, this market share has been about the same 
0.1% here or there. So we've been hovering on 19% and so. 
Management: 
And you recollect, we're reporting based upon the GFK. So if you talk about the institutional 
sales, that generally, it's a B2B kind of transaction like when we do carry out ATM installations 
and all, that largely won't get covered under the GFK market participant -- as a market 
participants over there. 
Ajit Motwani: 
On the costing front, you alluded to the fact that like after the rating change and after the sharp 
inflation that we saw in last year, the price hikes that you took were not sufficient enough to sort 
of cover up. Now as you look forward to the next 6 months which are typically the seasonal 
period for us, and you would have booked your inventory for the season. How much price hike 
we need to take to cover those costs, which were higher because of rating changes and with your 
commodities. 
Management: 
Yes. Normally, we do tactical price hikes. So I would not be able to give you any predicted 
numbers for what percentage hikes we would be taking because it is a... 
Ajit Motwani: 
No, my question is not that. My question is that how much we'll need to take to cover up those 
costs? I'm not -- asking how much price have you... 
Management: 
You see what happen is, if you're talking about the price hike due to the energy efficiency going 
up or down, that's one part. So every time whenever energy efficiency is going up because every 
2 to 3 years, the Bureau of Energy Efficiency, Government of India, they raise the bar for energy 
efficiency. 
At that point in time, in case what our team does is, to counter that, actually, we come up with a 
lot of value engineering in our system through our R&D and manufacturing streams. So that a 
minimal percentage hike is passed on because we want to remain competitive. And we want to 
offer best-in-class product and service to our consumers. 
 
So therefore, we don't want to burden the customer; however, if something is necessary to 
increase because of certain thing, pressures in terms of energy labeling, etcetera, that will be 
passed on, but that will be minimal. But otherwise, generally, we ensure that we pass on only 
the requisite price hike. Otherwise, that is all covered up through our value engineering and 
product designing, etcetera. 
Moderator: 
Our next question is from the line of Siddhartha Bera: from Nomura. Please go ahead. 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Sir, first question is then on the UCP side. You mentioned taking multiple initiatives to grow 
ahead of the industry. So can you just talk a bit more about these areas where do you white 
spaces like maybe your penetration in some of the channels like modern trade or general trade 
or in some regions where you are probably weaker and some of the initiatives, which you have 
taken, which can lead to market -- you growing ahead of the industry in the coming years? 
Management: 
Yes. So to answer your question as well as the question earlier on some investors had asked as 
to how are we trying to protect our turf, how are we trying to improve our profitability, our 
numbers, etcetera. So you rightly pointed out, we are trying to address all channels. Earlier on, 
there was distribution, which is a conventional channel and distribution, which was popular. But 
now in the last few years, especially during the lockdown period, pandemic period and all, the 
other channels like e-commerce channel, also the modern trade, they have emerged out very 
strongly. 
 
So now our team at Voltas, we've been focusing on doing justice and trying to rope in all the 
partners, including modern trade, organized trade, regional trade, e-commerce, channel partners, 
Exclusive brand outlets, everywhere we are trying to make our presence stronger and trying to 
extract the requisite market share because unless and until we take the requisite market share 
and extract exception from each one of them, it is difficult to sustain the leadership and the 
market share. 
So we are focusing on all kinds of channel partners. We are strengthening and enhancing our 
presence and reach everywhere across the regions and also some of the regions where these 
partners are stronger there, the focus and thrust is being provided additionally to ensure that we 
remain and sustain our leadership. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. And sir, how critical or how you are looking at pricing as a tool because you 
mentioned in the quarter also that you had taken some calibrated pricing actions. Now going 
ahead, I mean, what will be more sort of important in terms of growth or margins? I mean, will 
you look to sort of push a better slightly lower price, despite a weaker margin or how you're 
balancing between the pricing and the margins? 
Management: 
See, you would have heard me. Just now I said, to protect our margin and profitability, we will 
continue to do whatever we need to do to ensure our numbers are there. One, if you're talking 
about remaining competitive because whatever -- even if the competition is coming more 
aggressively, so we have been remaining competitive and trying to achieve whatever numbers 
we have to achieve and trying to achieve profitability as well. So we'll continue to do that. Our 
endeavour is in that direction. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Okay, sir. Sir, lastly, on VoltBek, I mean you indicated a good pickup, but we have not seen that 
in terms of the earnings for this quarter. So can we expect a meaningful improvement in the 
profitability next year given the push this year? Or do you think that will take longer to sort of 
play out? 
Management: 
See, if you had seen our projections in the past, for the first 4, 5 years, we have decided that we 
will invest into the brand because we are setting up factories, we are ramping up our production 

 
Voltas Limited 
 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
and trying to achieve our numbers, our objectives in terms of volume as well as market share. 
That is our first endeavour. And because these factories have to run, factories have to get 
stabilized. 
So therefore -- and we are in the initial phase of that first 4, 5 years only. So after that, going 
forward over next 2, 3 years, you will see that we are breaking even and start making profits. So 
yes, of course, we are working towards it. As the volume starts building up, we will work on 
these. 
Management: 
And as we have indicated already in our answers -- in our initial introduction, that the loss per 
unit is coming down drastically, and which is a great news for a newly coming up company. 
And the number of units which we have sold in the initial years is close to 4.5 million units. That 
is also unprecedented for any newcomer in the market, so -- and the acceptability of our products 
and the technological advancements, which we are able to give to the consumer, they all are 
positive factors, which really are boosting well for the brand. And therefore, we remain quite 
optimistic on its growth levels. 
Management: 
So ideally, if you look at, you have seen our revenue growth this year has been about 45%. As 
we continue to grow in revenue, a lot of fixed costs will be better and we will try to generate 
profitability in this segment also faster. 
Unfortunately, what has happened is because of lockdown period pandemic, 2 years, we've got 
derailed. Otherwise, we would have, by now, got into the profitability. But unfortunately, 
slightly we got derailed because of all this, but now we're catching up with the game faster, and 
you'll get to see turning around in this business also soon. 
Siddhartha Bera: 
Got it, sir. Sir, this project business, what will be the total order book now you have shared 
domestic, but not the total. Can you share that number? 
Management: 
Roughly above INR 8,000 crores, we are as of now. 
Management: 
INR 5,500 crores, in domestic projects and about INR 3,500 crores in the international projects. 
Management: 
Aniruddha, since we have reached the closing time, I believe we should -- I do agree that the 
participants may have more questions, we are available on a phone call and we therefore request 
you to proceed with the closing remarks from the MD, if any. 
Management: 
So I think largely through the couple of questions which are being asked by some of the 
investors, I think they are covering length and breadth of the balance sheet and the numbers, 
which we have projected and presented to you guys through our balance sheet. So while the 
answers have been given, provided to you; however, we are available in case you want to reach 
out to any one of us. You can send your queries and we will be more than pleased to answer 
your queries further as well. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of ICICI Securities, that concludes this conference. Thank you for joining 
us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
