 
 
 
PL/SEC/TGT/2023-2024/153  
 
 
 
Monday, 5th February 2024 
 
Listing Department 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
“Exchange Plaza’, C-1, Block G  
Bandra-Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400051  
Corporate Relationship Department  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring  
Rotunda Building, P J Towers,  
Dalal Street, Fort, Mumbai 400 001  
Script Code: PRICOLLTD 
Script Code: 540293 
 
 
Dear Sir, 
 
Sub: Con-call Transcript  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015, we herewith submit the Transcript for the Con-call held on            
2nd February 2024 pertaining to Company’s unaudited financial results for the quarter and 
nine months ended 31st December 2023. 
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you  
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Pricol Limited 
 
 
 
T.G.Thamizhanban 
Company Secretary 
ICSI M.No: F7897 
 
Encl: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
>X< pncal 
PR/COL LIMITED 
Passion to Excel 
109, Race Course, 
Coimbatore-641 018, India 
\. +91 422 433 6000 
;:; connect@pricol.com 
e pricol.com 
CIN: L34200TZ2011 PLC022194 
;._ CUSTOMERS ;._ EMPLOYEES ;._ SHAREHOLDERS ;._ SUPPLIERS 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBA
N
Digitally signed by 
THANGAVEL 
GAJALAKSHMI 
THAMIZHANBAN 
Date: 2024.02.05 
12:37:55 +05'30'

Pricol Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY'24 Earnings Conference Call 
February 02, 2024 
 
Moderator: 
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. Good day and welcome to Q3 & 9M FY'24 Earnings 
Conference Call of Pricol Limited. 
As a reminder, all parƟcipant lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask quesƟons aŌer the presentaƟon concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing “*” then “0” on 
your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Anuj Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. Thank you and over 
to you sir. 
Anuj Sonpal: 
Thank you. Good evening, everyone and a very warm welcome to you all. My name is Anuj 
Sonpal from Valorem Advisors. We represent the Investor RelaƟons of Pricol Limited. On behalf 
of the company, I'd like to thank you all for parƟcipaƟng in the Company's Earnings Call for the 
Third Quarter and Nine Months-ended Financial Year 2024. 
Before we begin, let me menƟon a short cauƟonary statement. Some of the statements made 
in today's earnings call may be forward-looking in nature. Such forward-looking statements are 
subject to risks and uncertainƟes, which could cause actual results to diﬀer from those 
anƟcipated. Such statements are based on management's belief as well as assumpƟons made 
by and informaƟon currently available to management. Audiences are cauƟoned not to place 
any undue reliance on these forward-looking statements in making any investment decisions. 
The purpose of today's earnings call is purely to educate and bring awareness about the 
company's fundamental business and ﬁnancial quarter under review. 
Let me now introduce you to the management parƟcipaƟng with us in today's earnings call and 
hand it over to them for opening remarks; we have with us Mr. P.M. Ganesh, Chief ExecuƟve 
Oﬃcer and ExecuƟve Director; Mr. Siddharth Manoharan, Director of Strategy; Mr. Priyadarsi 
BasƟa – Chief Financial Oﬃcer, and Ms. Madhura Mohan – Management ExecuƟve. 
Without any further delay, I request Mr. P.M. Ganesh to start with his opening remarks. Thank 
you and over to you, sir. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
(Inaudible) 1:50-2:02. We won the Best Award from Daimler Truck during Q3 for Technology 
and InnovaƟon. We made a state-of-the-art Driver InformaƟon Systems for Daimler Truck. 
In slide #2, what you see is the best quality performance with one of our big OEMs, JCB. And 
on the third slide, you see an award from Tata Motors, ED's DWM Cup Assessment. 

Also, a few select launches which we thought that we should highlight. You would have seen a 
couple of weeks back, Hero MotoCorp launching a series of their motorcycles. And we are very 
proud partners with Hero to be a part of the Driver InformaƟon Systems launched in this key 
model. The leŌ hand side top what you see is an Xtreme 125cc Motorcycle is launched with our 
Driver InformaƟon Systems, and the top middle whatever you see is for the new model, 
Maverick, I am sure that you would have read in the paper. The launch has happened a couple 
of weeks back for the 440cc Motorcycle, we have made a Driver InformaƟon Systems. And also 
the newly launched Tata Motors EV Punch, we have made again a state-of-the-art Driver 
InformaƟon Systems for Tata Motors both for the EV vehicle and also for the IC engines. 
Switch Mobility, we have done again state-of-the-art Driver InformaƟon Systems. Switch 
Mobility is the EV division of Ashok Leyland. The InnovaƟon award, whatever I showed to you 
is the right one at the boƩom you see the Driver InformaƟon Systems whatever we designed 
for it. 
Coming to the ﬁnancial highlights for Q3 of FY'24 ended up our EBITDA margin stood at 12.51% 
from revenue from operaƟons at 5,571.91 million. For the nine months of FY'24, our EBITDA 
margin was at 12.55% and the total revenue was at 16,419.57 million. 
On the revenue from operaƟons, we have grown by 21.61% on a Q3-to-Q3 comparison and our 
EBITDA has grown by 34.49% during the same period. And for the nine-month period we have 
grown by 17.86% revenue from operaƟon, and on a nine-month period at EBITDA level, we 
have grown by 18.79%. 
Thank you. That ﬁnishes my presentaƟon. Over to you for the quesƟon and answer. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the quesƟon-and-answer session. Our ﬁrst quesƟon is from the line of 
Bhalchandra Vishwanath Shinde from Kotak Life. Please go ahead sir. 
B V Shinde: 
Sir, regarding the product launches wise, are we working on E-Cockpit with any customer, and 
what are the stages of development right now and can we expect any posiƟve news on that 
front? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Thank you for the quesƟon. Yes, we are working on E-Cockpit with one of our major customers. 
The SOP is likely to start by FY'26. Being under NDA, I am not able to reveal the name of the 
OEM. Yes, you're right, we are working on the E-Cockpit soluƟon. 
B V Shinde: 
But by when we can expect some news on that? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
See, the launch of the product is expected as I told you during FY'26. During the Ɵme when you 
have the product geƫng launched, then we will tell you during that Ɵme that this is the product 
model that we've launched for that customer. It is already under development. 

B V Shinde: 
On the TFT clusters wise, how will be our mix right now, how much will be normal analog then 
digital and TFT cluster mix, and even on the two-wheeler, four-wheeler and commercial vehicle 
mix? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Whatever we have launched for DAC is an LCD digital cluster. It has got both analog and digital. 
And whatever we have been launching for two-wheeler and some of the commercial vehicles, 
have got a mix of both on the LCD type for instrument clusters and also TFT. As explained during 
some of our previous calls, the tendency of the market is to move from LCD to TFT, that's what 
we see that it is happening. But it takes some Ɵme for the complete conversion to happen. If 
you remember, like ﬁve years back, most of the instrument clusters, whatever we were 
supplying were mechanical in nature. And then aŌer the BS6 got implemented in 2020, the 
migraƟon started from the mechanical to digital electronic clusters, and now it is moving into 
the high-end digital electronics but moving from LCD to TFT. 
B V Shinde: 
And how will be the mix of two-wheeler, four-wheeler Wise? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Mix in the sense, our revenue to the - 
B V Shinde: 
Revenue mix especially in clusters. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Cluster revenue actually if you go through the ACMA producƟon, two-thirds of the vehicle 
producƟon comes from the two-wheeler segment as you're aware. Similarly, since we are 
balanced out and present in all segments of the market is something very important because 
we have miƟgated the risk by being present in all segments of the market. You know that in Q3 
the tractor shipments were down. That is why some of the Ɵer-1s had a set back in terms of 
their revenue, primarily because if you have too much tractor dependent, there was a degrowth 
in tractor. That way we have derisked some segments quite very well. So, if you see that two-
thirds of the vehicle producƟon in India comes from two-wheeler, our revenue from Driver 
InformaƟon Systems is also two-third of the total revenue comes from the two-wheeler 
segment. Commercial vehicle contributes to about 15% of our total revenue and if you match 
it with the ACMA, you will ﬁnd that 15% of the vehicle producƟon comes from the commercial 
vehicles of the total producƟon made, and about like 7% to 8% comes from personal passenger 
vehicles, that's an area that we are aspiring to beneﬁt more as we are going on which I 
explained to you also in the previous earnings call, and the remaining for the tractors and oﬀ-
road vehicle, that is how we are poised. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Monika Arora from Share Giant Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora:                          I have some certain bookkeeping quesƟons, like what is the bifurcaƟon of cluster and non-
cluster business? And also I wanted to understand your segmental bifurcaƟon? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Monika, to give you a rough esƟmate on the bifurcaƟon, the cluster business contributes to 
about 70% of the total revenue and the 30% comes from the non-instrument business. On the 

segment wise, I think I just explained to the previous caller about the segmentaƟon like two-
thirds of our revenue coming from two-wheeler and 15% coming from the commercial vehicles 
and 5% to 7% comes from the personal passenger vehicles and the remaining coming from 
tractor and oﬀ-highway segment. 
Monika Arora: 
Sir, what is the proporƟon between exports and domesƟc? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Currently, we stand at 10% of the total revenue coming from export, primarily because there 
has been some slowdown both at the US and Europe markets and we hope recovery to happen 
from next year onwards. Regarding the project launch for export, they're on track. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Harini from Sundaram Alternates. Please go ahead. 
Harini: 
I just had one clariﬁcaƟon on are there any hindrances because of the ongoing crisis on your 
import because I had a sense that your purchases are majorly import-based? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
I'm so sorry. I think we lost you in between. You are not very audible. Can you be a liƩle slow in 
your quesƟon? 
Harini: 
So, I just wanted to check if there are any impacts because of the Red Sea crisis on your imports 
and your raw materials, do you have any issues over there? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Actually, what happens is because of the Red Sea issue, the logisƟcs Ɵme has gone up by a 
couple of weeks because it has to be rerouted. So, what we're doing is, we have started that 
rerouƟng and now it has come into normalcy. So, we are not taking any issues currently because 
of the red sea. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Karan Gupta from Varanium Capital. Please go ahead. 
Karan Gupta: 
My quesƟon is related to, we are moving from mechanical instrument cluster from digital, then 
TFT and high-end digital instrument cluster. So, is the electronics part is going up in our 
instrument cluster? So, when we are expecƟng this kind of thing, but margin will be impacƟng 
because more electronics thing will be coming to our products. So, our edge of manufacturing 
thing will be judged to make the plasƟc models or which packaging materials of that instrument 
cluster. So, have you seen expecƟng anything the margin will be impacted in this thing? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
No, the margins will not be impacted, rather the margins will go up. If you see that more and 
more electronic clusters that we have been having since 2020, our margins have been going up. 
Primarily, it is not just the assembly alone, we do an end-to-end soluƟon for the customers 
starƟng from the design, development, manufacturing engineering, doing our own tools and 
therefore giving a complete end-to-end soluƟon to the customers. So, the margins just not 
depend on only the manufacturing or puƫng the plasƟcs together and selling to the customer, 
it is the end-to-end soluƟon that whatever we could give it to the customer is what it looks like 
and then therefore the margin gets improved. 

Karan Gupta: 
So, in this case, use cases will also be increased. So, I think the margin will not aﬀect. So, 
electronics power will increase, soŌware things also will increase. So, in this case the margin 
will not be impacƟng us? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
In fact, I can explain to you a liƩle diﬀerent. We are moving from a product-based company to 
a soluƟon-based company. This is what we have explained in the few earnings call also. If you 
are only doing a product with electronics, then your margins will not be very high. But if you 
are moving into like a technology product giving soluƟon to the customers, your margins are 
not under threat. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Chirag Jain from Emkay Global Financial Services. Please 
go ahead. 
Chirag Jain: 
Sir, just a couple of quesƟons. One, if you can share the thought process of geƫng into the Disc 
Brakes and BMS, and any customer wins on these two product lines and probably from when 
we can see revenues going in? And second, also, in terms of our revenue guidance and margin 
guidance by '26, is there any revisit in terms of those numbers? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Mr. Jain, if I've understood your quesƟon, you asked about baƩery management systems, 
correct? 
Chirag Jain: 
Yes. And also disc brakes, broadly what is the thought process of geƫng into that category? 
And also, in terms of any customer wins, order wins, and when do we see commercial 
producƟon and probably revenues geƫng reﬂected? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
I will answer like this. On the disc brakes and the baƩery management system, we are doing 
something as a modularity making like a common product across various lead to the customers. 
You know that the two-wheeler market is geƫng very fragmented. So you know that we have 
started with like oﬀ-the-shelf Driver InformaƟon Systems when you are able to oﬀer as oﬀ-the-
shelf product, adding a very, very shorter lead Ɵme in terms of design and development and 
straight away it is like the customers can ﬁt and then use the product. That's what we have 
done it during the last one year for various new age EV customers. Disc brake and baƩery 
management system is something which is under development. In the next 12 to 18 months, 
we would be launching those products for a number of EV customers across the various two-
wheelers, which will not only include new age EV which is going to be the primary focus and 
also to our tradiƟonal OEM. And this was built on the concept of modularity, by which every 
Ɵme the customer need not keep designing the product right from the start, with very small 
minor modiﬁcaƟons, he would be in a posiƟon to oﬀer to the various customers. 
Chirag Jain: 
And any sense in terms of when it will start geƫng reﬂected on revenues -- can we see in FY'25 
or it could be FY'26 onwards? 

P.M. Ganesh: 
In fact, if you ask me for a full year, revenue will start from FY'26, but Q4 of FY'25 would be like 
starƟng of these businesses. 
Chirag Jain: 
Any thoughts on the revenue and margin guidance? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
It would be a liƩle diﬃcult for me to explain about how the revenue and margin is going to be 
because this is a new product, it has been coming out very well, very much liked by our various 
customers. I'm sure that it will have a very, very high potenƟal to grow because more and more 
EV coming, you would have seen the ﬁnance minister also has said in the budget yesterday that 
high focus is going to be given on the EV market. We expect a very, very good revenue to happen 
from next year on these two products, which are primarily made for EV customers. 
Chirag Jain: 
Apologies. I was asking more from a company standpoint overall. I think we had given a 
guidance of closer to 3,400 to 3,600 crores in terms of organic guidance and roughly about 13.5 
to 14% margin. So, would that guidance broadly remain? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Our books have been in the direcƟon of whatever our Managing Director has been giving us his 
vision. But you have to understand that it depends upon the customer launches. Our order 
books have been very, very strong, and we have been doing with a number of projects in our 
set of products, whatever I've been explaining to you, including our exisƟng business and the 
new products whatever we are launching like baƩery management system and disc brake and 
electrical, oil, pump and many more TelemaƟcs soluƟons and many more. So, our order books 
are quite strong. It depends upon the customer launches and how the market is going to be. If 
you recall, during this year, which is going to end up, EV vehicles had a lot of struggle in the 
market primarily because of certain policies which govern the market and it went a liƩle slow. 
Those type of things are bound to happen. Otherwise, I think regarding the projects and the 
products whatever we are oﬀering to the customers, I think we're right on track. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from Vipul Kumar Shah from Sumangal Investments. Please go ahead. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
My quesƟon is someƟme back we had Ɵed up with SIBROS for this cloud-based Driver 
InformaƟon Systems, an end-to-end soluƟon. So, what is the progress there? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
SIBROS progression is something that we have integrated with our TelemaƟcs which is the part 
of the connected vehicle soluƟon. Currently, it is on the POC, we call proof of concepts with 
various OEMs like the baƩery management system and the other products whatever I just 
explained. So, this is currently under tesƟng with various OEMs which will see some kind of a 
startup producƟon happening by Q4 of FY'25 and thereupon more revenues come in during 
FY'26. So, we have already done the internal POC through the SIBROS integrated soluƟon, it has 
come out quite well and the customers are quite conﬁdent about this integraƟon and now 
currently it is under POC with various customers. 

Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, this will help us in increasing our content per vehicle or it will broaden our oﬀerings, so how 
it will help us? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
It will deﬁnitely do good. One is the content of the vehicle will increase because TelemaƟcs has 
a product strategy. It's going to have a very high deep penetraƟon into the new era of vehicle. 
You know that most of the EVs have got TelemaƟcs inbuilt because you need to track many of 
the vehicle parameters, including the baƩery performance, and we are also developing BaƩery 
TelemaƟcs as well for a few of our customers. So TelemaƟcs is going to be a large play as we are 
going through hope. The private that is where the market wants. So, it is going to have a value 
addiƟon in terms of our product porƞolio and also with SIBROS integraƟon more and more we 
are going to have the connected vehicle soluƟon oﬀered through various customers. 
Vipul Kumar Shah: 
So, this SIBROS Ɵe up is exclusive to us only or they can Ɵe up with other manufacturers also? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
I will put it like this it. I will not use the word ‘exclusive’ for us, but the soluƟon whatever we 
are oﬀering along with the Driver InformaƟon Systems… see, that's why I said, this cannot be 
like isolated and came only like a SIBROS soluƟon exclusive what TelemaƟcs is. It is a complete 
bucket of soluƟon that we oﬀer to the customer as an end-to-end as a connected vehicle 
soluƟon and SIBROS would be a part of it. Okay? So, we have the Driver InformaƟon Systems 
connected with the TelemaƟcs soluƟon and having SIBROS for the cloud. So, it will be a 
combinaƟon of everything. So if you ask me exclusivity, it is not there, but if you see this kind 
of connected vehicle soluƟon whatever we're oﬀering to the market, I think we'll be rather very 
exclusive in whatever soluƟons we're giving to the customers. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Piyush Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Jain: 
I want to know in this quarter if we have got any new model order or we have entered into any 
contract with any new OEM or something? And related to this, earlier we used to show this, we 
are doing this baƩery management system and SIBROS or something. So, nowadays the 
presentaƟon are not showing anything on this. So, anything we are working on this or the 
revenue will come in from which Ɵme? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
I would just reexplain whatever I explained like the new product porƞolio of Pricol starƟng from 
baƩery management system, this big TelemaƟcs soluƟon with the SIBROS integrated soluƟon, 
then we are also doing for EV vehicle new era coolant pumps and oil pumps for baƩery cooling 
applicaƟons. In fact, some of the new products, like baƩery cooling applicaƟons, ED coolant 
pumps already has been launched recently during Q3 with both Tata Motors and Ashok Leyland. 
And going forward, we expect more and more EV vehicle into the commercial vehicles segment. 
These products revenue will keep growing. Regarding TelemaƟcs soluƟon, baƩery management 
system and also on disc brake, I explained that the likely startup producƟon is going to be during 
Q4 of FY'25 and we will see more revenue coming into it during FY'26 because it is under POC 
with the various customers at this point of Ɵme. Otherwise, if you ask me about new customers, 
we have been adding a number of new customers, especially the new age EV players in the 

Indian market, where we are able to oﬀer oﬀ-the-shelf products. We have done a number of 
oﬀ-the-shelf products of Driver InformaƟon Systems to the new age EV in the last two quarters, 
and we will conƟnue to oﬀer these soluƟons to new set of customers as well for EV. These new 
products whatever I spoke, will start SOP from Q4 of FY'25. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Monika Arora from Share Giant Advisors. Please go ahead. 
Monika Arora: 
So I wanted to ask two quesƟons. One is, what could be the proﬁtability, EBITDA margins like 
tentaƟve kind of for clusters businesses? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Monica, you are seeing the EBITDA margins whatever we have declared and you would have 
seen that like two-thirds of our revenue coming from instrument cluster. So that answers your 
quesƟon. 
Monika Arora: 
Who can be your like top ﬁve customers if you can say? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Sorry if I understand your quesƟon, you wanted to know our top ﬁve customers, right? 
Monika Arora: 
Correct, correct. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Primarily, as I explained to you that two-thirds of the producƟon is coming from two-wheeler. 
So naturally the top customers will come from the two-wheeler starƟng from TVS Motors, Hero 
MotoCorp, Bajaj, Royal Enﬁeld and then Honda Motorcycles, Suzuki Motorcycles, we are 
working with all of them. All of them are our top-notch customers and all the connected vehicle 
we have Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland and Volvo, Eicher. If you ask me revenue from what we 
produce. That is how we are aligned. One is the market segmentaƟon and also in terms of 
revenue that is the order in which the revenues come under the top customers. On the oﬀ-
highway vehicles. again, JCB has got the largest market share and so is our revenue also with 
JCB has the largest revenue on the oﬀ-highway vehicles. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Karan Gupta from Varanium Capital. Please go ahead, sir. 
Karan Gupta: 
So my quesƟon is related to the compeƟƟon part in passenger vehicle as we have a less 
presence comparaƟvely in our product range. So in instrument cluster or in E-Cockpit as we are 
entering into, so our major compeƟtor in this segment is Visteon, a very large player in India. 
So what's kind of compeƟƟon you are seeing and any compeƟtor analysis in this thing when 
you are entering into the new E-Cockpit segment? For a long Ɵme Visteon working in this thing 
and that's why I asked earlier quesƟon about the EBITDA margin part. So their margin is very 
less that they are more entering into the electronics part. So what you think about this 
compeƟƟon with Visteon. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
I will not name as just one compeƟtor, there are mulƟple compeƟtors in this area, many more 
people are there. It is not the compeƟƟon which maƩers, it is the soluƟon whatever you give it 
to the customer is very, very important. For example, we started penetraƟng into the passenger 

vehicle segment starƟng from 2020 onwards and we have done fairly well in terms of our 
penetraƟon into the EV segment; we have penetrated quite well into Tata Motors and also into 
PSA in the last three years and we conƟnue to oﬀer innovaƟve soluƟons, benchmarking with 
the global standards for the personal passenger vehicle. It is going to take some Ɵme for you to 
have a rapid penetraƟon like what we have done for the other segments of the market. Since 
we had a non-compete unƟl 2020 of entering into the personal passenger vehicle for Driver 
InformaƟon Systems, but in the last three years, I think we have done fairly well in terms of our 
market penetraƟon in passenger vehicle. And we have been geƫng opportuniƟes from a 
number of OEMs in the personal passenger vehicle for the Driver InformaƟon Systems. And as 
I told you during the beginning of the call in the E-Cockpit soluƟons also, we are working with 
a large OEM which is going to see the startup producƟon from FY'26. So that's where we stand. 
So, we are not much concerned about the compeƟƟon in the sense that we have to keep 
looking at innovaƟve soluƟons to the customer, so the customer keep giving us the opportunity 
to grow with them in this respect. 
Karan Gupta: 
You've been saying we have diﬀerent soluƟons and we're providing the soluƟons diﬀerently, 
how this thing will pan out the soluƟons part because in passenger cars or maybe in commercial 
vehicle soluƟons will be same but the customers are trying or what the customer desired is the 
same soluƟons for every passenger vehicle, two wheels or four wheels or commercial vehicle. 
So what's we are diﬀerenƟaƟng in terms of providing soluƟons for the desired thing to OEM? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
There are certain unique features that Pricol can oﬀer to the customer starƟng from our in-
house R&D. Okay? This has been our core strength. And in the previous earnings calls, we have 
been explaining like 4.5% of our revenue is invested in our R&D year-on-year for the last ﬁve to 
seven years. And this is what is giving us results now. And the ﬂexibility that whatever we oﬀer 
to the customer because of our in-house R&D is one of the key highlights which is the 
diﬀerenƟaƟng factor to us. Not only that, we have got our own in-house machine building. We 
do our own lines, we do our own tools, we do our own plasƟc injecƟon molding in-house, we 
do our own PCB populaƟon, and not only that, we have got exclusive Ɵe-ups with many of the 
chip manufacturers, have long term contracts with them. So they oﬀer the new generaƟon of 
ITs to prefer. So, there are mulƟple diﬀerenƟaƟng factors which we can oﬀer to the customer 
as a soluƟon which will give deﬁnitely a soluƟon diﬀerenƟaƟon when compared to whatever is 
oﬀered in the market. Of course, I will admit that yes, this is going to be a diﬃcult task, but we 
are doing quite well as we speak in the last three years in terms of market penetraƟon into this 
segment. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Khush Nahar from Electrum. Please go ahead, sir. 
Khush: 
What is the update on the acquisiƟon that we were having in the non-auto space? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
On the acquisiƟon part, as soon as we are able to get into some kind of concrete thing, I will let 
you know. It's too early for us to talk about it. As soon as we have some ﬁrm informaƟon, we 
will deﬁnitely keep you posted on that. 

Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Bhalchandra Vasant Shinde from Kotak Life. Please go 
ahead. 
B.V. Shinde: 
Sir, regarding one order, would like to know. One of your peers has said that they have started 
supplying clusters to Tata Motors. So, what will be the diﬀerence, what part we supply, and are 
we seeing any dip in those revenues over the next one to two years? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
No, not really. As I told you that there are a number of players in this market and the 
compeƟƟon will conƟnue to be there, why in Tata Motors, across all the customers there are 
compeƟƟon and we have been growing in our business though number of compeƟtors are 
there. As I told you, we keep giving innovaƟve soluƟons to the customers and keep growing in 
this segment. So, even if there is going to be one compeƟƟon, I'm sure that with more 
innovaƟve soluƟons whatever we are oﬀering, we will keep growing with that. 
B.V. Shinde: 
So, there is no impact on Tata Motors revenue currently? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Absolutely, no. We have been growing with Tata Motors conƟnuously. 
Moderator: 
Our next quesƟon is from the line of Piyush Jain, an individual investor. Please go ahead. 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir, just want to know any new customer or any new model, something which you have won in 
this quarter? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
You should have seen in my presentaƟon that only in Q3 alone, the last three months, we have 
launched number of Driver InformaƟon Systems which is in the presentaƟon which I showed 
you. Just to repeat a couple of weeks back, Hero MotoCorp have launched a new range of 
motorcycles, 125cc Premium Xtreme and also they have launched a 440cc fabric a couple of 
weeks back, and we are very proud suppliers of both the instrument clusters for their launches. 
And with Tata Motors, the new range of EV Punch, which have been launched, we have 
provided the soluƟon on the Driver InformaƟon Systems. What I'm talking is only just the Q3 
what we have done as launches during the last three months. And for the IC vehicle of Punch, 
we have launched a new Driver InformaƟon Systems with Switch Mobility, which is an EV 
subsidy of Ashok Leyland, we have launched the Driver InformaƟon Systems. And as I told you, 
Daimler, we have launched the state-of-the-art Driver InformaƟon Systems for their new range 
of trucks and buses, and we also have won the technology and innovaƟon award from Daimler 
during Q3. 
Piyush Jain: 
Sir, my quesƟon was speciﬁcally to, are we in touch with Hero MotoCorp for Harley-Davidson 
440 or something? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Yes, thing is based on the Harley-Davidson plaƞorm, yes, you're right. So, this cluster, whatever 
has been launched is based on that plaƞorm. 
Piyush Jain: 
This Maverick 440 is Harley-Davidson same thing, or it's a diﬀerent model? 

P.M. Ganesh: 
It is not actually. Harley-Davidson is diﬀerent. I'm only talking about Mavrick. Both are 
completely diﬀerent. To Harley-Davidson US, if you ask me, we do export a number of range of 
products to Harley-Davidson. 
Piyush Jain: 
And the domesƟc Bajaj? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Sorry, can I just have your quesƟon repeated? 
Piyush Jain: 
I just want to know, are we supplying for (inaudible) 42:03 Harley-Davidson Indian version or 
we are in talk with them? 
P.M. Ganesh: 
No, we are not supplying to the India Harley-Davidson. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, I now hand the conference over to the management for closing 
comments. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for joining the call. This quarter was a very good quarter. We 
performed preƩy well and customer support was there. Suppliers were preƩy supporƟve. So, 
we sailed Q3, same we are expecƟng for Q4. Thank you so much for joining us for this call. 
P.M. Ganesh: 
Thank you so much, ladies and gentlemen. 
Moderator: 
On behalf of ResearchBytes Corporate Services Private Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us and you may now disconnect your lines. 
