 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Registered and Corporate Office: 
8th Floor, Brigade Opus, 70/401, 
Kodigehalli Main Road, Bengaluru - 560 092 
Phone: 080 68473700 
CIN: L31904KA2019PLC121597 
hitachienergy.com/in 
 
January 31, 2024 
 
BSE Limited 
 
 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street 
Mumbai 400 001 
(Atten: DCS Listing) 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor, Plot No. C/1,  
G Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
Mumbai 400 051 
(Atten: Manager Listing Department) 
 
Ref: BSE Scrip Code: 543187, NSE Scrip Symbol: POWERINDIA 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
Subject: Transcript of the conference call with Analysts/ Investors held on January 24, 2024  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 30 and 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, we 
are enclosing herewith the transcript of the conference call that was organized with the Analysts/Investors on 
Wednesday, January 24, 2024 and the same can be accessed at https://www.hitachienergy.com/in/en/investor-
relations/analyst-section  
 
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully, 
 
For Hitachi Energy India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Poovanna Ammatanda 
General Counsel and Company Secretary 
 
Encl: as above 
 
 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next: 
@Hitachi Energy India Limited 
@Hitachi Energy 
Ammatanda 
Chinnappa 
Poovanna
Digitally signed by 
Ammatanda Chinnappa 
Poovanna 
Date: 2024.01.31 13:00:00 
+05'30'

 
Page 1 of 19 
 
 
 
 
Hitachi Energy India Limited Q3 FY24 Analyst 
Conference Call - January 24, 2024 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
 
Mr. N. Venu - Managing Director & CEO, Hitachi Energy India Limited 
Mr. Ajay Singh - Chief Financial Officer, Hitachi Energy India Limited 
Mr. Poovanna Ammatanda - General Counsel & Company Secretary, 
Hitachi Energy India Limited 
Ms. Manashwi Banerjee - Head of Communications, Hitachi Energy 
India Limited  
 
 
 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Hitachi Energy India Limited Q3 
FY24 Earnings Conference call. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-
only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference, please signal the 
operator by pressing star and then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this 
conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu, MD and CEO of Hitachi Energy India 
Limited. Thank you and over to you, sir. 
N Venu: 
Thank you, Darwin. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us for the analyst 
conference call. I hope you all are doing well. We have uploaded the presentation for the 
Analyst call on the Stock Exchanges, I am sure you must have seen that. Yesterday, we 
announced our results for the third quarter of the financial year 2023-24. In the next 20-
25 minutes, I together with my colleague Ajay Singh CFO, Company Secretary 
Poovanna Ammatanda & Manashwi Banerjee – Investor Relations will take you through 
the Quarter numbers and our performance during the period ending December 31, 2023. 
For your ease of reference, I will read out the slide numbers in case you are following 
via phone.  
This quarter, easing supply chains and better order execution helped continue the growth 
momentum. The prevailing positive economic environment in the country has spurred 
India's energy transition pace, which will open up more opportunities in the coming 
quarters. With this, we remain committed to exploring new opportunities stemming from 
energy transition across geographies and creating a robust and sustainable clean energy 
ecosystem. 
Starting with Slide 3 - which is our license to operate. As we review the quarter, I want 
to recognize our most valuable asset - our employees. Our commitment to their safety 
has been unwavering, from offices to factories and on-site locations, and they return this 
with their ownership on safety matters. This quarter, we had several employee 
engagement programs across locations, factories & offices focusing on employee well-
being - shopfloor demonstrations, donation drives, and life support training for all 
employee groups. 
At Hitachi Energy safety is our license to operate, we never looked other way. We 
reiterated this tenet as we observed HSE week in November 2023, themed “Do the Right 
Thing’. All teams were reached using multiple platforms and formats - both virtual and 
physical workshops. The focus was on celebrating best practices, and promoting HSE 
behaviors that drive us to world-class performance. 
We continue to receive recognition and appreciation letters from our discerning 
customers for driving HSE culture across the energy value chain. Sustainable safety 
practices and quality are always paramount to us. We thank our clients & customers for 
their constant encouragement & continued support in enhancing the safety across all the 
locations. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 3 of 19 
 
 
Moving to the next slide #4. The journey to Net Zero by 2030 requires all teams within 
Hitachi Energy to be involved, contribute through innovative ideas and take the initiative. 
In the period under review, the Company focus was on improving waste flow 
management across five locations, to reduce water and air pollution, which directly affect 
many ecosystems and species. All the projects follow a very standard approach of 
DMAIC (Define, Measure, Analyze, Improve, and Control) in creating the framework 
which can be scalable and repeatable at many of our locations to address waste flow 
management.  
Along with this, the focus remained on the timely implementation of various ongoing 
sustainability projects across locations, like water conservation project at Maneja, 
rainwater harvesting and recharge pits at Halol, installation of Roof top solar (609 KWp) 
at Doddaballapur to mention a few. 
Furthermore, several sustainability projects are in the pipeline for the coming quarters 
like setting up of EV charging points, Battery Energy Storage System, electrification of 
equipment such as fork-lifts, etc. The whole idea is that we have been working towards 
decarbonizing all of our operations, factories, project sites and offices etc. 
Moving to next slide #5. The Indian economy continues its growth momentum, as per 
the government reports, the Country’s GDP is expected to grow by 7.3% for FY2023-24. 
The RBI has kept the rate of interest unchanged at 6.5% (post RBI Monetary Policy 
Committee meeting in December). But there is a slight rise in inflation, as it touches 5.6% 
in November 2023, because of rise in food prices.  
On the power demand front electricity demand in India is expected to touch 277 GW and 
366 GW by 2027 and 2032 respectively, up from 239.9 GW in September 2023. Whereas 
Industry growth (IIP) shows rise in India’s factory output to a 16-month high in October. 
Also study by India’s largest nationalized bank suggests that individual’s average 
(weighted mean) income has risen 3.7X during FY14-FY21 from ₹3.1 lakh to ₹11.6 lakh. 
All this means the growth drivers for Hitachi Energy remain intact and tracking upwards. 
As you would be aware, we need to add 30 GW of capacity annually to reach the 290 
GW solar target by 2030. In wind - the first offshore tenders have been announced – 
7GW to be auctioned by FY24. In the transmission segment already 35 TBCB tariff based 
competitive bidding projects were declared in current financial year and two HVDC 
projects are expected to be awarded in next 12 months. Similarly for industry the revival 
of private CAPEX is likely driven by government Product Linked Scheme. On the 
electrification standpoint Metro, High-Speed Rail, Rail Electrification, rolling stock 
upgrade are fueling the growth of transport segment, and so on. 
Moving to the next slide #6. In our pursuit of advancing the sustainable future for all, we 
continue to lead industry discussion across the entire value chain of the energy industry 
in India and region at multiple forums and platforms. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 19 
 
 
We are happy to inform you that production for the Mumbai HVDC link has commenced 
in the HVDC and Power Quality factory in Chennai and the work we do continues to be 
recognized by customers and industry peers. Hitachi EnergyTEC Training & Experience 
center in Maneja was recognized by Central Electricity Authority (CEA) as category- I 
(Grade B) for imparting training in operation and maintenance of the transmission and 
distribution segment of power sector. Customers recognized us as valuable partners, 
and we continued to translate excellence along the value chain with channel partner 
meets that focused on the role of technology in the energy transition.  
India has been championing the transition – through people, innovation and policy. It is 
what makes the country a key market in the Hitachi Energy and Hitachi Group universe, 
reflected in the recent leadership meetings held in the country with key stakeholders of 
both Hitachi Energy & Global 
Moving to the next slide #7. During the quarter, we have commissioned grid connection 
projects for the 300MW hybrid renewable in Pavagada, Karnataka, transmission project 
for energy intensive steel industry in Kobra, Chhattisgarh. We also successfully 
commissioned a major datacenter project of 230KV/11kV GIS 2X75MVA Trafo 
Substation in Chennai. As a broad spectrum of society recognizes the urgency of energy 
transition, our continued efforts have further cemented our reputation as a reliable 
partner and a pioneer in power technologies.  
Moving to the slide #8. In the quarter ending December 31, 2023, we received orders 
worth INR 1,235 crore, flat year on year. Solid order execution coupled with easing in 
supply chains resulted in YoY revenue growth of 23% to INR 1,276.4. Normalizing of 
supply chains also spurred YoY profit recovery in Q3FY24. Profit before tax stood at INR 
33.8 crore, up 152 % YoY. Profit after tax was at INR 23 crore, clocking a recovery of 
400 %t YoY on a low base. 
As of December 31, 2023, the order backlog stood at INR 7,552 crore, providing revenue 
visibility for almost ~22 months. Some of the key order wins for the quarter are 220kV& 
400kV AIS S/S for renewables, dry and power transformers for Chennai Metro Rail 
(CMRL), 2X 220kV GIS for data centers Substations, multiple export orders for 
renewables and utilities form Africa, Middle East & Europe. 
Moving to slide #9. To provide more color on the orders received this quarter - Demand 
for solar and wind energy, especially from utilities, continued its momentum in Q3FY24. 
We are actively partnering on various renewable projects and have made significant 
additions this quarter as renewables witnessed a 54% growth in Q3FY24 vis-a-vis 
Q3FY23. 
Datacenters remain a high-growth segment, thanks to the push for 5G, data localization 
regulation and data center policies. Data centers are a high growth segment in the 
Hitachi Energy strategy, and while the segment is nascent, we reported a 92% YoY 
growth in orders in Q3FY24. With the sheer potential of the market, we see this trend 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 19 
 
 
continuing in the future as well. While the orders for transmission remained stable, there 
was a slight decline in the order rail segment in Q3FY24 vis-à-vis Q3FY23. 
Reflecting the nature of customer orders this quarter, projects and services took the lead, 
while sector-wise, utilities saw a rise, and EPC was the primary channel for orders.   
Moving to slide #10. These are our long term growth levers i.e service and exports. Our 
order mix reflects our diversified portfolio across our installed base and our focus on 
leveraging our key growth markets and capitalizing on market opportunities. We 
successfully secured key market wins in services and exports, in line with our 2030 
vision. 
Export orders were up 61 percent YoY during the quarter, driven by transformers and 
high-voltage products and feeder factories – reaffirming our strategy of make in India for 
India and the world. Orders for transformers came from Europe and African markets, 
while demand for power quality solutions were from South and Central America, Africa, 
US and Europe. 
Some of the key orders includes order from Azerbaijan for high voltage equipment like 
330kV/145kV LTB/DS/IT, 3 X 80 MVA 220kV and 3 X 80 MVA 110kV, transformers order 
from France and GIS orders from Spain and Portugal. 
Service orders saw a growth of 71 percent YoY during the quarter, driven by utilities and 
industries. Some of the key orders for the quarter, 400 kV RIP Bushings Replacement 
Order, 11kV Busbar Retrofit Order, repair of 63 MVA Transformer. We have also 
received orders from across the border which include training order from Maldives and 
Commissioning 8 units of CSD from Qatar. 
So, these are just few examples to talk about how our long-term growth levers both 
service and exports are playing their role. 
So, with this, I hand over to our CFO, Ajay Singh, to walk us through the next slides on 
the financial performance. Over to you, Ajay. 
Ajay Singh: 
Thank you, Venu and good afternoon, and hope you all are doing well at your end.  Let 
me give you a quick insight on the Company’s financial performance in this Quarter. 
Excellent order execution and streamlining supply chain challenges have helped us 
improve our revenue and bottom line in this quarter The focused and proactive approach 
has helped us achieve better revenue vis-a-vis QoQ and YoY.   
During the quarter, the company booked orders worth INR 1,235 crore, stable year on 
year, while declining QoQ mainly due to an exceptional order which we booked in the 
previous quarter. Whereas solid order execution resulted in YoY and QoQ revenue 
growth of 23 %and 3.9 %, respectively, revenue stood at INR 1,276.4 crore in the quarter 
that ended December 31, 2023. Easing of supply chain constraints has further 
strengthened the quarter earnings and improved the bottom line. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 19 
 
 
The same easing spurred YoY profit recovery in Q3FY24. Profit before tax stood at INR 
33.8 crore, up 152 % YoY on a low base. Proft after tax was at INR 23 crore, clocking a 
recovery of 400 % YoY on a low base.  
Operational EBITDA stood at INR 81 crore in the quarter with YoY and QoQ growth of 
62.2 % and 24.6 % respectively. Margin has been improving sequentially over the past 
three quarters – from 3.0% in Q1, to 5.3% in the last Q to 6.3% in Q3 operational EBITDA. 
Our order backlog stood at INR 7,552.3 crore, providing revenue visibility for the next 22 
months. 
If I go on the next slide, let me speak more in details about the ongoing macroeconomic 
issues that we have been discussing in the past several quarters. I would like to share 
an update on how the numbers fared during these last three months. If you see the table, 
it gives you a clearer picture of our relentless pursuit in improving the bottom line and 
progressive margin recovery.  
You see that the margin recovery and 23% yoy revenue improvement to 1,276 crores in 
the Quarter was mainly due to the good order execution. If you see the gross margins, 
they have fairly been consistent. The expenses have also been consistent in the current 
quarter as compared to the previous quarter and that is how at an overall level, we could 
reach PBT at 2.6% in the quarter. 
With this, I hand over to Venu. 
N Venu: 
Thank you, Ajay. Moving to the next slide i.e. slide #13. As you know India is becoming 
a leader in clean tech and our investments have made us a node for exports. Exports 
are a growth lever for the company, including through its related party entities and the 
company procures and sells products, components, systems, renders and receives 
services from related party entities. In this light, we anticipate a few transactions with 
Hitachi Energy Sweden AB, a related party entity, wherein the transaction amount is 
likely to exceed the materiality threshold of INR 448 crore as it applies to our Company 
as prescribed under Section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 23 of SEBI 
LODR.  
Based on recommendation of the Audit Committee, the Board of Directors have 
considered and approved issuance of postal ballot notice for approval of material related 
party transactions with Hitachi Energy Sweden AB, entered or to be entered for an 
aggregate value of up to INR 700 crore in FY23-24. Transaction with this entity has not 
exceeded the materiality threshold as of now and it is likely to exceed marginally. 
Shareholders’ approval will be sought to remain in compliance with statutory 
requirement. 
The nature of transactions includes sale or purchase of product, component, system, 
rendering and receiving of services to and / or from Hitachi Energy Sweden AB, 
Västerås, Sweden. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 19 
 
 
All transactions are in the ordinary course of business of the Company and at arms’ 
length basis.  The Company will be commencing a postal ballot exercise to secure the 
approval of shareholders. 
Moving to slide #15. As we move ahead and enter into the last quarter of 2023-24 our 
growth levers remain intact. While maintaining leadership in our core segments we will 
nurture high-growth segments that cater to the evolving needs of the sector, harnessing 
new segments and markets and expanding the energy of the grids. 
We are seeing the fruits of focusing on our capabilities in services, exports, and digital 
verticals, and will continue to strengthen the same. 
In our operations, we will continue to seek to maximize the efficiencies in converting our 
significant order backlog to revenue and revenue accretion, while in the short-term 
staying agile regarding the evolving situation on trade routes, logistics etc. Nevertheless, 
such execution when coupled with operational excellence across manufacturing and 
functional processes will result in margin accretion going forward. 
Our teams will reinforce their efforts through the last leg of transition in the coming 
quarter, as we enter the implementation phase of Reiwa - a multi-year project to upgrade 
our core ERP systems thereby integrating core business functions and processes in a 
single platform – thus helping enhance operational agility, quality and productivity.  
Our purpose remains to advance a sustainable energy future for all, and we can 
sustainably deliver this if our teams are consistently safe, healthy, strong and agile. 
People remain at the heart of our operations, and we will continue to build and sustain 
stakeholders’ value. 
With this I close my presentation and open the channel for questions. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Anyone who 
wishes to ask a question may press * & 1 on your touchtone telephone. If you wish to 
withdraw yourself from the question que you may press * & 2. Participants are requested 
to use handsets while asking a question. We also request that you restrict your questions 
to 2 per participant. We will now wait for a moment while the question que assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Mohit Kumar from ICICI Securities. Please go ahead. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Yes. Good evening, sir. My first question is about order inflow. Order inflow is yet to see 
a healthy momentum. We were expecting that given the strong bidding activity for 
transmission projects in the last nine months, especially in the domestic market, my 
question is how has been the inquiry from bidders for the transmission equipment and 
can we expect a slightly higher order inflow as we enter calendar year 24?  
N Venu: 
Thank you, Mohit. As I talked about it in my opening comments, I think we have a very 
strong, robust pipeline across the sectors, across the segments where we are operating. 
For example, the transmission is the one segment where you talked about. As I said, 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 19 
 
 
there are a lot of tariff-based bidding projects out there, including some of the STATCOM 
projects. And there are HVDC projects that are under pipeline. 
There are also large 765kV projects.  that are also coming up for bidding. I would say 
that there is a very robust pipeline in the coming quarters.  
Mohit Kumar: 
My second question is sir; have you completed the study and submitted the reports for 
Leh-Ladakh for technical feasibility to Power Grid? And can we expect this project to 
progress in the next fiscal or this calendar year? 
N Venu: 
So, again, this is a very interesting question. So, we have, as part of our agreement with 
our customers, to complete by 31st of March. So, we are on track. So, progressively, we 
have to submit various reports. We are already submitting a couple of reports in that. We 
are on track. We would be submitting our study report in line with that. 
Mohit Kumar: 
How has been your experience, sir? If you can give some color. 
N Venu: 
Which one? 
Mohit Kumar: 
How has been the experience? Do you think this is technically feasible and this can be 
done at a reasonable cost? 
N Venu: 
I think our customers will talk more on that. But from our standpoint, we do have technical 
solutions for that. And we have not completed all the studies yet. There are a couple of 
studies that we have done, but there are many more studies to be completed. And we 
still have a couple of weeks before we complete and conclude our study report in that. 
But we do believe that technical solutions are available. 
Mohit Kumar: 
Understood, sir. Thank you for the opportunity. Best of luck, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Renu Baid from IIFL Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Renu Baid: 
Good evening, sir. My first question is on the bullet train or the high-speed project. We 
were expecting finalization of few packages this last year end. L&T was announced 
bidder for more than INR 10,000 Crore of orders. So, what is now the opportunity size 
for us? Are we still in discussion with EPC contractors, partners? And what could be the 
timeline of receipt of such orders? 
N Venu: 
Thank you, Renu. I think the question, you all know that the electrical package has been 
finalized on the EPC. So, we have also submitted our bids to the EPCs, including the 
winning bidder. We are in touch with them, and we normally do not mention the size of 
the projects until we know we can quote it. It depends upon the customer approach, 
what's the business model or how we are packaging. Those things will differ the size of 
the project. As we speak, we have made our submission. 
Renu Baid: 
What are the timelines of award of these electrical equipment projects. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 19 
 
 
N Venu: 
Maybe one to two quarters is what we expect. One to two quarters. 
Renu Baid: 
Sir, secondly, if you look on the broad basis, given the way domestic market has bounced 
back with respect to high-voltage transmission equipment, clearly supplies are in short 
and it seems that prices in general have improved. So, by when do we expect those 
better margin orders will start reflecting in our execution and our numbers? So how far 
are we? Is it just a couple of quarters away or probably our timelines and lead cycle of 
orders are different from the ones which are getting finalized.  
Because while we have been consistent in the last couple of quarters on gross margins 
and cost structures, it still seems to be suboptimal when we compare it with the rest of 
the key large domestic players. So how far are we in terms of getting these better margin 
orders in our backlog? And also, any view in terms of -- because we also had a target to 
improve the operating margins to near double-digit level by next year. So, are we broadly 
on track or there could be some additional hiccups on the way? 
N Venu: 
Again, it's a very interesting question, Renu. And we have been very consistent with what 
we have been saying on this. And we do have -- I think our portfolio -- our order backlog 
is very robust. It's, again, broad-based and our exports and service - which is also part 
of our portfolio - will definitely add to the bottom line in that. So, while we talk, there are 
also a lot of challenges, geopolitical and also the transport logistics. As we are improving 
on our exports, it's also important that our logistics on the exports is also robust. 
And any kind of external factors do have a challenge over a period of time. And it's 
important that we need to navigate them. But having said that, if you really look at what 
we have been talking about, we said we have been sequentially improved and we 
continue to perform a sequential improvement.  
In the last three quarters, so operational EBITDA, you take from a 3% in quarter one and 
5.8% and now we came to 6.3%. So sequentially, we are improving it, and we also have 
a clear strategy to bring the double-digit operational EBITDA by end of the financial year 
is what we said. So, again, look at our strategy. We said that in exports, when we start 
about -- we are looking at in the 20%-25% range and then we have stabilized 25%. 
And if you really look at the nine-month exports, we are already 30-plus percentage. So, 
the strategy has to fall in place and become a little more stable, and that's how we are 
doing it. And on the margins, will definitely flow in once we execute the order backlog, 
which includes the export, which includes the service, which includes other things. 
Renu Baid: 
Sure. And lastly, if I can, what could be the status of the Mumbai HVDC? You did mention 
valves getting manufactured at Chennai plant. So, in terms of execution timelines of this 
backlog, how should we look at end of this fiscal and next fiscal specifically? 
N Venu: 
Yes. So as part of our contract with our customers, we should complete anywhere 
between March 25 to June 25. I think we are on track both on the execution on the ground 
and as well as on the manufacturing of those various components, not only in India, but 
also in other places. So, we are very much on track on that. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 19 
 
 
Renu Baid: 
Got it. Sure. Thanks much and all the best. 
N Venu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We have the next question from the line of Parikshit Kandpal from HDFC 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Hi, Venu. Congratulations on a decent quarter. So, my question is again on margins. So, 
we had done 6.3% of operating EBITDA margins this quarter. So, we have a journey of 
10%, I think towards the end of FY'25. So, every quarter, do we expect some 
improvement to bridge that gap of almost 400 basis points, at least to start with at least 
10% by FY '25 end? 
N Venu: 
Yes, as we just now spoke, Parikshit, so that is our endeavor. Our endeavor is to make 
sequential improvement while navigating the various challenges at the same time. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay. Second question is on other expenses. So, when I compare with your other peer, 
I mean, who is almost half your size, and I see your other expenses, gross margins 
largely in line, but your other expenses are substantially higher. So, is there any 
component there? I mean, earlier we had this IT support from ABB India, so where we 
were incurring expenses. So, has that come down? Are we now on our own IT network? 
So, what could be the component that can be used to help improve our margins? 
N Venu: 
Maybe Ajay, our CFO, would add to this, Parikshit. 
Ajay Singh: 
Thank you, Parikshit, for this question.  If you see our other expenses, you can see the 
current year results. We are consistent compared to the earlier quarter. 
So, if you see YoY, our other expenses were 21.7%, now we are hovering around 19.4%. 
Having said that, on the IT cost, yes, the IT cost, currently we are not yet totally out of 
the ABB support. We are still running at TSA, and we are expecting that we will be out 
of this support mostly by the mid-next year. But even if you are out of this support, we 
will have our own infrastructure where the cost will come. 
But overall, if I see the mix, I don't see any additional cost other than this that is popping 
up in the quarter. So definitely going forward, as the external impacts come down, we 
will be improving on the margins as such. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
Okay, so just the last question, If I may sir. So, this margin improvement, will it come 
from better pricing? Do we still have some under-absorptions of inflation on the pricing 
side? 
Because on one side, we are talking about very, very strong opportunity on the demand 
side. Other players are talking about under-investment in capacity. So, it definitely builds 
a scenario for increasing prices. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 19 
 
 
So, have you already taken some price hikes over the last six months? If you can give 
some color on the improvement in margin tax streams, which will be the factors which 
will be driving this? 
N Venu: 
Our margin improvement, Parikshit, is basically a factor of our improving our revenue 
accretion, and because we have a strong backlog and that will get into the revenue 
accretion over a period of time. And then we also said our two levers which are service 
and exports, will contribute. As export revenue kicks in, and also service revenue kicks 
in, then that also will do that. And in addition to that, as you know that we have invested 
heavily in the last 2-3 years and set up new green factories, and those factories are also 
filling up now. 
One example is this, the Chennai power system and HVDC factory, where we started 
now producing valves on that. We also now filled with orders from other projects. So 
those things, we are able to leverage on those assets, and that also will add both revenue 
accretion as well as the margin accretion. 
Parikshit Kandpal: 
What about the price hike, sir? Any color on the price hikes have you taken in the last 
six months? 
N Venu: 
You should understand that India is a very competitive market, and we are getting a price 
increase, but also you should understand that the commodity prices also are equally 
increasing. So we are, whatever the increase is coming, basically for that. Then, yes, we 
are also looking at quality orders. So, we have initiated pricing excellence as a strategy 
to look at, you know, bring the more quality orders as part of the portfolio, and that should 
also help us to realize those things. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Mahesh Bendre from LIC Mutual Fund. 
Please go ahead. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Hi, sir. Thank you so much for the opportunity. Sir, previous two quarters, we were 
mentioning about the chip shortages that was actually limiting your production and 
delivery. So, has that problem been solved or is there still some issue on that? 
N Venu: 
Thank you, Mahesh. I think there, I would say that it has become better now.  We are 
able to predict and upfront order those components. So, we are partly, I would say that 
we have mitigated and then, but with a better forecasting things and upfront ordering, so 
we are able to manage at this point in time. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
And sir, if I look at last five to six quarters, apart from the HVDC orders, our order inflow 
has been almost constant for every quarter. I mean, when we look at the peers or other 
players in the industry, there is a growth, significant growth we are witnessing on ordering 
inflow side, but our side is remaining almost stagnant. So, what could be the reason for 
this, sir? 
N Venu: 
I don't think our orders are stagnant. If you really look at our orders on a quarter-on-
quarter, we are having a very good growth. And on top of that, if you really look at, nine 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 19 
 
 
months put together and if you take the last HVDC project out and then you look at the 
nine months cumulative. 
So, we have a very strong growth. So, look at our numbers on a cumulative basis. And 
then I think we have a, we have a strong growth, even if we remove the HVDC project, 
because the HVDC project is there in the last year, which is not comparable for the same 
reason. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
No, I was mentioning about the export orders that we are getting very high traction. So, 
if you strip them aside, so domestic side, we are still given the position we are into and 
capex that is coming up. So that seems to be low on that side? 
N Venu: 
Yes, I'm not sure from where, what the number you're looking at it, even if we remove 
the exports also on the domestic demand, we still have a growth removing HVDC project. 
Mahesh. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. 
N Venu: 
And in the base orders, there's a 16% growth, YoY. 
Mahesh Bendre: 
Sure. Thank you, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Umesh Raut from Nomura, India. Please 
go ahead. 
Umesh Raut: 
Thank you, sir, for the opportunity. 
Umesh Raut:  
Yes, sure. So, the first question is more of on the export side. So, when you are seeing 
strong demand on the export from various markets, I just wanted to know how much of 
these orders are coming in from parent entities and how much beyond parent entities? 
N Venu: 
You're talking about the exports? 
Umesh Raut: 
Yes, exports with Hitachi Group and exports with non-Hitachi Group? 
N Venu: 
Yes, it's a ballpark in the range of, anywhere between 50% to 60% coming from our 
internal companies and the rest are coming from, direct exports. 
Umesh Raut: 
Okay. And, sir, now this new proposal, which is under consideration. 
N Venu: 
Again, just as a comment, here we've got to understand, for example, internal means we 
supply a GIS in a Europe, for example, okay, we supply GIS. So, since we do not have 
any, sales offices there, the GIS will be booked by the local Hitachi Energy office, for 
example, the one which we booked, and that will be, given as an order there. So that's 
also we consider as an internal order, even though we stand as a full-fledged thing. 
Umesh Raut: 
And just wanted to hop up on the profitability side as well. So how is profitability different 
between these two segments? 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 19 
 
 
N Venu: 
When you say these two segments means all the export orders, whether it is internal or 
external, it's arm's length only. 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. And, sir, regarding this proposal, which is under consideration, regarding RPT 
transactions, now going up to about INR700 crore for full year '24. So how much of that 
has been booked in first nine months FY24? 
N Venu: 
Yes, maybe Poovanna, you'd like to add to that, Poovanna? 
Poovanna Ammatanda: Yes, sure, Umesh. Thanks for that. As of December, we've had invoice-level transactions 
of 68%. 
N Venu: 
Yes, that is close to 68% has been booked. 
Umesh Raut: 
Sir, second question is more of on your comment from the presentation, where you are 
referring that private capex or demand from industry side is also kind of looking up. But 
if I look at order inflow for third quarter, this is more of down, especially from the industry 
side. So where exactly you are seeing uptake in terms of industries and where exactly 
there is still downturn, which is kind of visible in the market? 
N Venu: 
When I talked about industrial capex is reviving, is basically I'm talking about the broad 
base. In one quarter, we may have a large order booked in that, so which is not 
comparable. But we see a lot of traction on the industrial segment, coming from 
expansions, service standpoint, digital, and more. They are also decarbonizing of the 
industries. 
So, these are the ones what I'm talking about in our thing, whether you talk about the 
steel, cement, industries, and data center. Anyway, we have a huge growth in that. So 
those are the things I'm talking about, Umesh. 
Umesh Raut: 
Sir, last bit is more of clarification. So again, referring to slide number nine, where 
contribution from EPC channel has significantly gone up. So, was it fair to assume that 
this will add further pressure on profitability side, assuming that EPC channel would have 
relatively lower margins than the direct end user? 
N Venu: 
When we talk about the EPC, we have a strategy that we will not be able to sell 
everything to direct end users. So, we need these channels. And that's how we have 
been doing it. Whether EPCs, OEMs, distributors are part and parcel of our go-to-market 
strategy. And having said that, just because our EPCs have gone up, not that we 
compromise our quality of the order. We have a clear strategy on those things, and then 
we are maintaining it. And as I said previously, we started the pricing excellence. The 
whole idea of the pricing excellence is to look at what is the value add. We look at it, 
whether we are selling to EPCs, we are selling to direct end customers.  
We do not see any of those compromise taking place or any kind of dilution of our 
margins, just because we sell it to different channels. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 19 
 
 
Umesh Raut: 
Got it, sir. Thank you so much. And all the best. 
N Venu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Priyank Chheda from Vallum Capital. 
Please go ahead. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Thanks for the opportunity. Sir I would request you to give us more insights on the levers 
to the margin expansion which you spoke. First lever is service and exports. If you can 
help us with the data on how much is the service and exports revenue as on date. The 
second lever was revenue recognition picking up. So, if you can help us with what would 
be the revenue recognition that you are looking towards FY25. 
Would Mumbai HVDC project revenue recognition itself lead to a strong operating 
leverage? And the third lever that you clearly mentioned was utilizations. So, what is the 
current utilization level and what is the kind of a level that you are looking towards in the 
coming years? Thank you. 
N Venu: 
Thank you, Priyank. I think we did not give any details on a project level and also, we did 
not give any forward-looking information on that. What will be the revenue coming in this 
quarter? So, all I say that we have a strong order backlog. And that order backlog is 
getting converted into the revenue and that's where the revenue acquisition is coming in. 
So, on the levers about margin acquisition I have already talked about. I think I have 
nothing more to add to what I have already talked about in that. So, revenue accretion is 
the revenue growth is the function of what backlog we have and what is our existing book 
to bill orders. So that's what is what we are going to do that. 
 
And having said that, let me also give you a couple of data points for you to understand 
that in export we are talking about in the range of 25%, right? So, we see export revenue 
depending on the quarter ranging from 20% to 23% or 24% in that. And the service is 
high single digit, which is moving towards the double digit slowly entering the double 
digit. So, that's how the thing what we are looking at in the margin accretion standpoint. 
Priyank Chheda: 
In terms of your current utilization levels? 
N Venu: 
Yes. Current utilization level is depending upon which factory it's varying anywhere 
between 75% and upwards close to 90%, 85%-90%. And some new factories, as you 
know, which have been inaugurated definitely has a low utilization ratio, but they are also 
filling up faster. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Perfect. And just a data keeping question that I have on the operating -- operational 
EBITDA, which Hitachi reports is at around INR 81 crore, while the actual reported 
EBITDA is at around INR 65 crore. So, what's the – INR 68 crore. So, what's the INR 13 
crore difference with respect to it? It may be related to FX or some other expenses, which 
you can -- if you would like to call out. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 19 
 
 
N Venu: 
Maybe our CFO, Ajay Singh, will add more. 
Ajay Singh: 
Thank you for the question. And you're right. It is mainly on the FX part that delta is there. 
Priyank Chheda: 
So, we have reported a FX loss on the tune of INR 13 crore? 
Ajay Singh: 
If you see our results, you can see that in this current quarter, we have reported a FX 
loss of INR 9.8 crore that is there. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Okay. So, if you can help us, what is the nature of this? Why do we -- why are we able 
to report the losses? Would it -- it's just an accounting entry which would get reversed in 
the coming quarters? 
Ajay Singh: 
Yes, it is basically a restatement of this accounting entry. Yes, it's an accounting entry. 
Priyank Chheda: 
Got it. And just to, again, clarify, Mumbai HVDC project was not recognized in the current 
quarter, right? We would be starting it from Q4, which is in the coming quarter. And also, 
if you can help us, the STATCOM order that we had received in the last quarter, by when 
would -- what's the timeline for execution of that, the starting period and the end period? 
N Venu: 
Yes. Mumbai HVDC, the project has started. As the project gets started, the revenue 
also starts getting recognition based on the milestones being done, right, both at the 
project site and also some other things in that. But it is a slow start now. In the coming 
quarters, we see a lot of material, big items will be coming in. So that will have a much 
better, higher revenue from the HVDC Mumbai project.  
                                           STATCOM, we are supposed to complete in 24 months, and we have already started. 
And the first two quarters will be a lot of engineering approvals, etcetera, design and 
engineering approvals. And thereafter, we see the project is starting is starting with a 
revenue. 
Priyank Chheda:  
All right. Thanks a lot for answering all the questions. 
N Venu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Dhavan Shah from Alfaccurate Advisors. 
Please go ahead. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Thanks for the opportunity, sir. So, my question is on the order book breakup. So right 
now, the order backlog is roughly INR 7,500-odd-crore. And if we exclude this INR 2,000 
crore HVDC. So, what would be the order book breakup between service, exports and 
then the other industries like the data center and the other emerging one? Can you share 
the breakup of that? And what would be the execution timing? 
N Venu: 
Roughly, you can take 25% of that is exports and close to 9% to 10% is service orders. 
And that's what is our ballpark figures. 
Dhavan Shah: 
And the other industries, data center and the other emerging ones? 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 19 
 
 
N Venu: 
We don't split that industry-wise utilities, industries, and data centers at this point in time. 
But we have not been giving that -- it's not that we don't split, we have not been giving 
figures so far. 
Dhavan Shah: 
Okay. And as you said that the value-added segment, like the exports and the service 
revenue would go up in the coming quarters, which would help you to improve the overall 
EBITDA margin. So, what kind of gross margins do we do? And right now, it is roughly 
40% odd. So, what would be your endeavor by FY'25? And what can be the gross 
margin? Because in the earlier years, we did roughly 45%, 50% also. So, is this 
achievable? Like 45-odd-percent gross margins? 
N Venu: 
So, again, we will not talk about what's the gross margin. What we are talking about is 
what we are sticking to. We are sequentially improving on the bottom line, which includes 
our better order gross margins and also on the cost side and also various other 
measures. So, it's a combination of all that, we'll get into the 10% operational EBITDA 
by end of FY'25, assuming that all the headwinds normalize. So that's where -- that's 
what we are saying.  
Dhavan Shah: 
Sure, sir.  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, we request you to please restrict your questions to two questions 
per participant. We have the next question from the line of Nikhil Abhyankar from ICICI 
Securities. Please go ahead. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Good afternoon, sir. Thanks for the opportunity. Sir, there are multiple projects already 
announced under the RDSS scheme. So, what kind of pipeline do we have remaining 
going forward? And are we selling it directly to the discoms or are we going through the 
EPC players? 
N Venu: 
Again, these particular projects are a combination of various things, which includes the 
engineering, procurement and also SCADA and many other aspects of the digital 
infrastructure. And we would like to play in line with our strategy. We will focus on SCADA 
automation, DMS, EMS and more. 
 
We are working with the partners. We are working with some of the EPCs and some of 
the projects we have received orders from PGCIL and also other places, in some places 
wherever it is meeting our strategy. So, we are also bidding directly on that. It's a 
combination of various things. But we are very actively pursuing all these projects to 
position our portfolio there. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
So, what can be the pipeline, say, in next 12 months? 
N Venu: 
Again, we don't quantify the pipeline for any of these segments, but the pipeline is very 
robust, Nikhil. 
Nikhil Abhyankar: 
Okay, sir. That's it from my side. Thank you. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Bhalchandra Vasant Shinde from Kotak 
Life. Please go ahead. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Good evening, sir. I would like to know on the longer-term perspective, like since we 
have started with the facility in HVDC, how the localization content versus our peers and 
cost advantage wise, how we have placed things like there are lined up HVDC orders. 
And do we see that competitive edge for us as compared to peers? 
N Venu: 
This is a very interesting question, as you know, HVDC. So, we are pioneering this 
technology, and we will be completing 70 years of this technology globally as an inventor 
of the pioneering technology by Hitachi Energy and our predecessors. Right, so as we 
speak, we have globally as well as in India, almost 50% of our existing installation HVDC 
links run through Hitachi Energy technology. 
So, we do have quite a robust end-to-end offering in India for example, we manufacture 
the converter transformer. We do the valves. We have the switchgear and we do also 
end-to-end engineering. That's also quite a big cost element in HVDC kind of projects. 
With that, I think we should be in a better position to offer our competitive solutions to 
our customers. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
And ordering wise, as we mentioned that every year one HVDC order is expected. But 
this year we have not seen that kind of a, though tendering has happened, but still any 
end result we have not seen. Are we expecting anything in next six months or in this 
calendar year? Which orders we should expect to come in? 
N Venu: 
You probably know the Bhadla is already tendered, and which is due now on the 1st of 
February. And if there is no extension, the tender will be submitted as per the due date, 
right, which is already there in the REC website. So, you can also look at the schedule 
of ordering, etcetera. They have already published in their website. 
Bhalchandra Shinde: 
Okay. Thanks, very much. 
N Venu: 
Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Sure, sir. Yes, the next question is from the line of Teena Virmani from Motilal Oswal 
Financial Services. Please go ahead. 
Teena Virmani: 
Hi, sir. Thanks for taking my question. I just have one question regarding this INR 700 
crore cost with the related parties. Just wanted to understand, is it possible to localize 
these products which you are right now thinking of procuring from the parent entity over 
a period of time? Or just wanted to understand whether this cost will remain in future too 
for the company or over a period of time we can think of manufacturing these? 
N Venu: 
Maybe I think we may have to clarify. This is not a cost. This is a related party transaction. 
Both the products we sell it to our thing and also some of them we buy there. So, it is not 
entirely we are not buying that it is both purchase and sale. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 19 
 
 
Teena Virmani: 
Total put together is around INR 700 crore. 
N Venu: 
Yes, yes, exactly. 
Teena Virmani: 
And whatever you are procuring from the entity, is it possible to localize those products 
or those products will continue to be procured from them only? 
N Venu: 
Some of the products we continue to procure. It's not that the localization we have been 
doing to the extent possible today. For example, almost 85% of what we produce 
globally, we do it locally here. So, we already reached a very, very substantial level of 
localization and local manufacturing in that. The bulk of this, what we are talking about 
is the sale, what we do there. 
Teena Virmani: 
Okay, so this will not come in your path to achieve that double digit margin trajectory, 
which you have highlighted by end of FY25? 
N Venu: 
This is not a cost, as I said. This is basically we are selling our products from here to our 
Sweden factory and the bulk of that is our products we are selling to them. And some we 
are also receiving it because, for example, some of our HVDC, we have to get some 
components from there. So that is how it goes like that. So, it is for both sale and 
purchase. So, yes, sure. Ajay go ahead. 
Ajay Singh: 
Let me give a clarification. So, this is just a regulatory requirement that we have to comply 
with. But this is a related party transactions with our entity Sweden, where the overall 
transition is going to hit the threshold. And threshold is 10% of our last year's revenue. 
And since it is crossing the threshold as a good governance, it is required that we have 
to take a prior approval from the minority shareholders. 
And that is why we are going ahead with this ballot paper, where we seek approval from 
the minority shareholders in order to be compliant with the related party regulations. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. 
Ajay Singh: 
I hope I have clarified. Yes. 
Moderator: 
I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. N. Venu for closing comments. Over 
to you, sir. 
N Venu: 
So, thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen, for attending to this conference call and 
asking very interesting questions. And as we navigate all the challenges and then 
continue to grow our strong pipeline, both the orders and also converting them into 
margin. And then finally, we are able to reach our goal on the margin. 
 
And we are advancing sustainable energy future for all of our customers. And this is a 
journey, and we would like to continue this journey together. And thank you very much 
once again, taking time from your busy schedule and attending the call. Please take care 
and stay safe. Thank you. 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 

 
 
 
 
Page 19 of 19 
 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Hitachi Energy India Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you all for joining us. You may now disconnect your lines. 
 
HITACHI 
lnspire the Next 
@Hitachi Energy 
