 
 
 
 
 
LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED 
CORPORATE OFFICE: 34-A, Kamaraj Road, Coimbatore - 641 018. Phone: +91 422 7198100. Fax: +91 422 2220912 
REGISTERED OFFICE: Perianaickenpalayam, Coimbatore - 641 020, India. Website: www.lmwglobal.com 
GSTIN: 33AAACL5244N1ZF CIN: L29269TZ1962PLC000463 
 
 
Our Ref: Sec/BSE/2024 
                              Date: 16.02.2024 
To, 
 
BSE Limited 
Listing Department 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers 
Dalal Street, Mumbai-400 001 
Scrip Code: 500252 
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Listing Department 
Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block-G, Bandra Kurla Complex 
Bandra(E), Mumbai - 400 051 
Symbol: LAXMIMACH 
 
Dear Sir/Madam, 
 
Sub: Intimation of submission of the transcript of the Analyst / Investor 
Meeting- reg 
 
In continuation to our letter dated 06th February 2024, please find the attached 
transcript of the analyst/ Investor meeting held on 13th of February 2024. Pursuant 
to Regulation 46 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations, 2015 the same has been uploaded to the website of the Company as 
well.   
 
This is for your information and records. 
 
Thanking you, 
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For LAKSHMI MACHINE WORKS LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
 
C R SHIVKUMARAN 
COMPANY SECRETARY 
 
COIMBATORE 
RAMANATHAN 
SHIVKUMARAN
Digitally signed by 
COIMBATORE RAMANATHAN 
SHIVKUMARAN 
Date: 2024.02.16 13:45:55 
+05'30'

TRANSCRIPT 
 
Moderator: Ladies and Gentlemen, good day. Welcome to Lakshmi Machine Works Ltd. Q3 
of the financial year 2023-24 earnings call hosted by NSDL. As a reminder, please note that 
the participant lines will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask 
questions after the brief by the company officials. Should you require any assistance during 
the conference call and raise questions, please signal the operator by raising your hands. 
Please know that this call is being recorded. We have with us Mr V. Senthil, Chief Financial 
Officer, and Mr B. Dhanalakshmi, Senior General Manager of the company. Over to you Sir.  
  
V Senthil: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining the LMW earnings call for Q3 FY 
2023-24. We will have a brief about the overall performance of the company for the period 
ending December 2023, followed by an interactive session. I would also like to clarify that 
certain statements at the conferences could be forward-looking in nature.  
  
To begin with, let me explain the overall performance of the company and then we will proceed 
to segment wise performance and consolidated performance. The financial results have been 
posted on the company's website and I hope you all have had an opportunity to go through 
the same. The turnover for the quarter ended Dec 23 was Rs 1166 cr as against Rs 1305 cr 
for Sep 23. This was a slight decrease of around 10%. The company has achieved 
accumulated turnover of Rs 3645 for the period as against Rs 3316 cr for the corresponding 
previous period of 9 months, which is a 10% increase in turnover. This is in alignment with 
the peak utilization of our capacity in the business and our continued effort to meet customer 
orders. The PBT is Rs 395 cr for the current period as against Rs 351 cr for the previous 
period. This accounts for an increase of 12% in PBT.  
  
With respect to division-wise revenue, TMD revenue for the quarter stands at Rs 918 cr as 
against Rs 1046 for the previous quarter, resulting in a decrease of around 12%. The TMD 
revenue for the 9 months period ending Dec 23 is Rs 2908 cr as against Rs 2667 cr for the 
corresponding previous period, resulting in an overall increase of 9% for the 9 month period. 
Currently, we hold an order book of Rs 4000 cr which has been lined up for execution. The 
ratio of domestic sales vs exports vs spares stands at around 65% to 21% to 14%.   
  
Now, I move to LMW Global. The turnover in LMW Global stands at Rs 217 cr for the 9 month 
period as against Rs 65 cr for the corresponding previous period. The order book on exports 
stands at close to Rs 60 cr under LMW Global.  
  
In LMW China, we have been able to clock an overall turnover of Rs 18 cr for the 9 months 
period and we will discuss this in detail when we go into division-wise comparison for the last 
year, which stood at Rs 208 cr. The order book in LMW China is around Rs 41 cr.  
  
Now, in the machine tool division and the foundry division: The revenue in the machine tool 
division and the foundry division stands at Rs 756 cr for the period ended Dec 23 as against 
Rs 736 cr for the corresponding previous period. Out of the entire turnover, around 12% is 
foundry turnover.  
  
With respect to ATC business, the turnover stands at Rs 133 cr for the current period as 
against Rs 77 cr for the corresponding previous period. Again, the reason for the increase in 
turnover in ATC is on account of a significant orders being pulled in, which were going to 
discuss specifically when we discuss division-wise performance.  
  

I think with this brief, we will go into discussion. We can start the interactive session. Back to 
the moderator.  
  
Moderator: Thank you so much Sir. We would like to go ahead with the interactive session. 
I would request the attendees to please raise hands if you would like to ask questions after 
communicating the name and unmute status. We request people to go ahead with raising 
hands. The first person who raised the hand is Mr Chetan. Mr Chetan Doshi, you may unmute 
and speak.  
 
Chetan Doshi: Can you please elaborate on your ATC business as to what products are you 
into? Who are your main customers that you focus and for the next financial year, from the 
current levels, because the turnover was very less last year. So, you cannot compare that with 
the current year because it is almost double. But going ahead, what are the prospects for ATC 
and are you looking for any defence orders from the Indian government for this particular 
division?  
 
V Senthil: Do you have any other questions? If yes, we will take all the questions and then 
answer.  
 
Chetan Doshi: No. I have full faith in the management as far as the balance sheet is 
concerned. I appreciate that it is as per the requirements.  
 
V Senthil: Ok. So, we will start with the ATC division. We make components which go 
into, various aircraft manufacture. We make parts which are engine parts, and other parts 
which goes into the body of the aircraft Now, as you know, the customers are only the OEM 
customers for us. So, it is a handful of 5-6 customers that we service. The question is where 
are we on our ATC business. Of course, we have seen an increase in the turnover compared 
to the last year and I will try to explain on an overall basis. Our ATC business is split under 
two parts. We categorise them as i) metallics and ii) composites. The metallics business is 
catering to all the product sub-level components to the OEM players. Under this business, we 
have been able to establish a significant export business. Almost 90% of total metallic business 
is towards exports, only 10% is within the domestic industry. It is not catering to the local 
industry. We are only catering to 10% in the domestic market. The reason for that is that we 
are able to get long term contracts. In these contracts, we are dealing with the export market, 
i.e., large private OEMs. Generally, they have order book of about 5 years. This is what you 
can look for. So, with a 5-year order book, there is a possibility for us to plan everything better 
within this particular business and we get better returns as well.  So, the focus here is to 
increase our export on the metallic side. Of course, the composite side is something that we 
have established around 4 years back. Predominantly, the composite business caters to the 
aerospace industry within India. We make parts for all the Government organizations within 
India. However, since we have a metallic business with an existing set of customers, we are 
able to use the same and increase our metallics, what we sell to them, on the composite side 
as well. So, as of now, the challenge for us is to establish in terms of our ability to cater to 
the composite business to our existing customers on the metallic side. What we are saying is 
that we have been able to give a very clear focus which has helped us turn around during the 
6-7 quarters. It has become profitable and of course, the reason, we should be very clear, the 
way this business works, you need to procure raw material which is specifically a very long 
lead-time material and be ready for deliveries because they give us schedules for about 5 
years. So, in these 9 months, we have been able to cater to the demand including the 
increased demand. Especially in the last quarter, there has been an increased demand which 
we have been able to cater to. That is the reason we see the turnover has also gone up 

significantly compared to the previous year. So, we should say that this has stabilized to a 
significant extent.  
 
Chetan Doshi: Do you look forward to sequential growth in this particular division in the 
coming quarters?  
 
V Senthil: As far as the new growth is concerned for this division, yes, it is possible and we 
will have to, there is a lead time for parts. So, all the good work of our division is what you 
are seeing today. So, currently we are working on the next set of parts which will take us to 
the next higher level in terms of turnover. But there is a lead-time for that. The team is 
completely working on taking it step by step to the next level. 
 
Chetan Doshi: What is the aim of the company. In the next 3 years, do you want to make 
it Rs 1000 cr contribution to the total business of the company? Is that the focus?  
  
V Senthil: Mr Doshi, in these calls, I generally prefer to take down all the questions and 
answer sequentially. So, if you have any other questions, do let me know.  
 
Chetan Doshi: The future belongs to this division. And when you say aerospace, in the 
aircraft manufacturing space, there Boeing and Airbus are the two leading companies that the 
company can cater. They have a backlog of more than 5-6 years as far as the aircraft are 
concerned. So, if you are indirectly tied up with these companies, definitely, the future for this 
division is tremendous. If it is not, then at present it is minuscule, whatever we have achieved. 
So, I want to know where would we like to move ahead in the coming years.  
 
V Senthil: Ok. Do you have any other calls about any other divisions?  
 
Chetan Doshi: No.  
 
V Senthil: Absolutely. If you are looking at a global scale, there is a tremendous potential 
within this business. There is no doubt about it. It is Airbus and Boeing, it is not just 5-6 years 
but they work even with a 10 years order book, depending on how they look at the 
manufacturing. Of course, when you talk about the aerospace parts, space parts, whatever 
components we make, if it is non-defence sector, it goes to these machines in some way or 
form. While there is a potential, we have to be aware that this is a global market and we are 
competing against global supply chain and most of the supply chain is global. They have global 
supply chains. So, you are making a technical part for which everything comes from abroad. 
We do a conversion and again, ship it abroad. So, it is a very competitive business. While 
there is tremendous opportunity, it is a very competitive business and what we are actually 
doing is taking someone else's market share. It is not that Boeing or Airbus are waiting for 
some of their parts to be made. You are getting integrated into their existing supply chain and 
trying to take some more business share from someone else. That is how you build the 
business. Or a new model comes along and you start by being integrated into the development 
and it is a very long lead time in such cases. If a new machine is being designed and we get 
into that supply chain, then you are looking at a very long lead time play in this. The area 
where you should tremendously develop capability is to withstand in term of investments or 
lead-time to be in this business. I 100% agree with you that there is opportunity. It is slowly 
coming into the country especially with China+1, there is more opportunity for such parts 
being sourced from India. It does provide an opportunity for us. We do not give any futuristic 
numbers. We do not do that generally. But I think there is enough opportunity for us take it 
forward, depending on how it unfolds. Of course, we are careful and also clear that when we 
build a capacity, we generally try to build a capacity which is fungible for other suppliers as 

well. So, when I am supplying a part to a particular company, I would ensure that I am also 
able to use the same infrastructure to supply to some other person for a similar part because 
we do not want to isolate an investment for a specific part and then, if there are no orders, 
then we will have challenges on returns. So, we are clear with respect to the kind of 
investments should go into this particular plant, the market we should try to address, and 
parts we should pick up. At the same time, since we believe in this facility and our story on 
the ATC segment in terms of opportunities in India, we have invested in composites. That is 
what I said, four years back, we not only did metallics but also the composite parts. Today, 
our composite parts are going into rocket launches. We are proud to say that anything which 
is launched has a composite part from us. So, that kind of capability is available. That is 
something we will continue to invest and we have been investing as well. Even in the current 
year, we have invested.  
 
Chetan Doshi: Just one last summarized question. How much is the repetitive business 
which we have got? Becoming the vendor of these companies is not is not at all easy. How 
much repetitive business you have got in the current quarter turnover?  
 
V Senthil: Actually, 100% cannot be repetitive. This business is done in two ways. One is 
existing order book getting executed and then what we call the sample pieces which go out 
for approvals. Approval pieces and repeat pieces. So, almost 95% would be based on the 
repeat order book.  
 
Chetan Doshi: That is great. Congratulations to the company and the team.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you.  
 
Chetan Doshi: That's it from my side. Thank you very much.  
 
Moderator: Attendees, please raise your hand for the next question. The next question is 
from Mr Hemant Kotadia.  
 
Hemant Kotadia: Sir, my first question is on the order book side. I missed the number of 
the order book. The second question is on the textile and machinery division, and the new 
product launches. What are we going to launch? What is the status on that? Could you provide 
the size of the opportunity/market for the two products, what we are going to launch? The 
third question is about the machine tool division. We have lesser turnover for this quarter. Is 
this because of the declining order book or capacity constraint? The fourth and the last 
question is on the margin of textile machinery division. There, I see it is lower by 70-80 bps 
as compared to the last quarter. This were the four questions that I have.  
 
V Senthil: The order book, both domestic and export together, is around Rs 4000 cr and 
within that, the active order book would be close to Rs 3050 cr. Over the period of last 3 
quarters, we have seen a slight dip in the order book. As you know, the textile industry as 
such has had a very challenging time. We have seen this for the last 3 quarters. There seems 
to be a slight revival at this moment with respect to the capacity utilization at the customers’ 
end and also some exports are going a little bit better. However, we are not seeing any 
immediate light in terms of order recoveries as far as Q3 is concerned. This, to our knowledge, 
has been almost the longest continued dip in order flow that we have seen. It has been 
happening since last 9 months. With respect to margins, of course, the reason for decrease 
in the value terms is because of the turnover that I mentioned and the operational margin 
coming down. I think that is the reason we see that there is a slight dip in the margins. With 
respect to new products, I think you are referring to Lakshmi LAW 60, the winding machine 

and the airjet. As was informed during the last meeting in August, during the AGM, we 
continue to work on it. Right now, the first one out of our table would be LAW 60, the auto 
winder. We will not be discussing the air jet machine right now. It will be out in the next year. 
But the winding machine, we will have limited launches/trial launches over the next few 
months. We will discuss about it. As and when we commercially launch it, we will definitely 
inform in the meeting. As far as the market size for that is concerned, if I remember, we did 
say that it would open up a potential of close to USD 1.7 to 2 billion market size. That is as 
far as the new product is concerned.  
 
As far as MTD is concerned, the dip in turnover was more to do with the sales. It has nothing 
to do with the capacity. For MTD, we do have capacity and have continued to invest in MTD. 
So, we are closer to 30% ability to grow on capacity. So, that is not a constraint as far as 
machine tool division is concerned. Ther was a slowdown which we noticed the last quarter 
and that was the reason. So, nothing to do with the capacities.  
 
Hemant Kotadia: Thank you. And Sir, due to Red Sea issues, are we seeing any bump up 
in ordering activities or are people just confirming orders as they want to have the machinery 
with them? The second question is on the China sales. China sales is lower. So, could you 
explain that part? Thanks.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you for your question. With respect to Red Sea, perhaps it is more in terms 
of what we import and yes, we do get material through that route. However, since there is a 
lead time and we are covered for 15 months, we are not seeing the impact of it immediately. 
Of course, it takes a longer route. It is little bit of higher cost, but, especially from a production 
perspective, it is not an immediate showstopper for us because we have adequate inventory. 
Our SCM has done a good job handling the demand and having those components already 
with us. With respect to LMW China, our turnover for the overall 9 months was around Rs 18 
cr. I think there are two things which happened in China, which have resulted i in low turnover. 
We are now trying to rebuild the team. So, we have mentioned that, but I would like to say 
that for almost 3 years, we could not get into China because of Covid reasons and very strict 
conditions where we could not get into the country. So, we were able to get into China starting 
post Feb 23, Chinese New Year. Right now, it is Chinese New Year. So, exactly a year back, 
post new year, we had sent our team. Till that time, it was handled by just one person, and 
we had to completely scale down. So, the impact of it is being felt now because we did not 
have a full-fledged team. Now, we are rebuilding it. People are there. So, this gap has resulted 
in us not being able to pick up new orders for execution during the current year. But we are 
positive that this will come back in the next year. So, our team is working on it. But otherwise, 
in general, yes, there are investments happening in far east in China. So, that is the second 
point. The first point is the one which has given us this gap and we are positive that we will 
be handling it appropriately, going forward.  
 
Hemant Kotadia: Thanks Sir. Thanks for the detailed answer. All the best.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you. Back to the moderator.  
 
Moderator. Thank you, Sir. Attendees, please raise your hand for the next question. We have 
Mr Manish Goyal. Mr Manish, you are unmuted and can start your video.  
 
Manish Goyal: Sorry, I may not be able to switch on the video due to the bandwidth issue. 
A very good afternoon, Mr Senthil. On the LMW Global side, you gave the numbers of revenue 
of Rs 217 cr vs Rs 69 cr. Is this largely pertaining to the Dubai facility? Right?   

 
V Senthil: Yes, Mr Manish. Good afternoon to you. Yes, LMW Global, we are referring to LMW 
Dubai. Yes.  
Manish Goyal: Ok. Sir, just to clarify, you gave the number of order book of Dubai at Rs 60 
cr and for China at Rs 41 cr. So, is this Rs 101 cr of total book included in this Rs 4,000 cr? 
 
V Senthil: No, Mr Manish. This Rs 4000 cr comprises the domestic and the exports from 
India, which we have from the existing orders we will execute and complete. Apart from that, 
out of the Rs 4000 cr, around Rs 200 cr is LC backed export orders from India. What is there 
is Rs 60 cr is under LMW Global.  
 
Manish Goyal: Ok. Sir, on the TMD division, you mentioned that we are seeing some 
improvement in textile mills capacity utilization. So, are we seeing any changes in the order 
inflow momentum, both on the unitary machinery side and the composite mills side, or 
complete project side? And, on the exports business also, could you give us some perspective 
on the outlook?  
 
V Senthil: Thank for the question on this. The first and foremost, we have seen a slowdown 
for about 9 months. Even in the last quarter, we have not seen a revival. In fact, we have 
seen a sharp slowdown in terms of order flow and that is the reason you see that the overall 
carry forward orders have come down. The reason we mentioned is that yes, we do see some 
sort of improvement in capacity utilization and a little bit of margin on the customer side; it 
gives us a hope that going forward, things will be perhaps much better. But, like I already 
said, we have seen a continuous slowdown for 9 months. Looks like it will be there for some 
time. It is too difficult a prediction for us to make. Since you also asked on the export side, I 
can share with you that there are many moving parts in what you can see. So, recently 
Bangladesh, which was the biggest market for exports for us, had changed the policy where 
the export of garments gets some benefits, incentives which are similar to our ROSCTL, 
whereby, now, I believe and what I understand is those incentives have been removed. So, 
they did not get the material, whether it is the yarn which is produced within Bangladesh or 
yarn that is imported into Bangladesh. So, in one sense, it gives an advantage for Indian 
spinners because they will be able to export more yarn. Bangladesh is already a big market 
for yarn import, which imports the Indian yarn, but it gives a bigger opportunity for them to 
sell to Bangladesh. So, there are a lot of moving parts. And countries where we supply, like 
Turkey and Indonesia are having their own issues and I think it is a very challenging time. 
Last time, the previous order flow which we had prior to the 9 months, many of those were 
project orders. That is what our customers continue to take. So, that has been the reason we 
have been able to consistently deliver machines to our customers. We hope that we are able 
to sail through this. But I think we cannot give a very clear visibility at the moment, except to 
say that based on the cotton and yarn prices, it seems a little bit better over the last one 
month or so, which is of course, a very short time. With respect to the project wise orders, 
what do we hold- it is evenly split. Almost 50% are project orders and 50% unitary machine 
orders is what we currently hold in the domestic order book, what we just explained.  
 
Manish Goyal: Ok. Just to clarify, you mentioned that Bangladesh has changed the policy of 
removing the export incentives for yarns.  
 
V Senthil: No. The export of garments, they get incentives depending on the they use- 
domestic or imported. That, I believe, has been removed, which makes it evenly placed 
whether you are a domestic spinner or importing yarn to make the garments. So, what I am 
saying is that there are too many moving parts at the moment. As you know, it is a very 
challenging environment out there, as far as textiles are concerned. But, let us hope well. We 

have held thus far and people still believe that this is the right time to invest because when 
the demand comes up, they will be ready for production. To some extent, we also follow this. 
But, it is a challenging time, for sure.  
Manish Goyal: Sir, two more questions. One is on machine tools. It is a flattish kind of 9 
months performance and margins seem to be on the lower end. So, how is the outlook on 
machine tools, both, on the revenue growth and the margins front? And then the last question 
I have is for ATC. What is the order book for us in both, metallics and composite? Thank you, 
Sir. 
 
V Senthil: I will take the ATC first because it is a shorter answer. So, ATC, we are looking at 
closer to Rs 600 cr, delivering in 3-4 years. That is the existing order book which does not 
include any new orders which we can focus on and try to take in. The existing order book for 
delivery is close to Rs 600 cr over a 3-4 year time period. As far as machine tools are 
concerned, yes, the turnover has been flat for the last 9 months, But again, I believe that this 
will be a temporary phase. We have now come to a run-rate which we will have to grow at. 
We have invested in this and have enough capacity, i.e., close to 25-30% capacity available 
for us to grow within this particular division. The reason for the lower end of margins is the 
fact that we have invested and created capacities. That cost is also part of the costs right 
now. So, we now need to bring in a higher topline to increase the margins. That is where it 
is, as far as machine tools division is concerned. But I think it is in a steady state. We have to 
increase it. The entire team is working to increase the turnover. In the last quarter, we saw 
an overall general dip in the uptake. As you know, in this particular business, we do not work 
with a long order book at all. It is generally 1- 2 months of the order book. So, there is nothing 
in terms of the order book which is out there for the machine tools division. 
 
Manish Goyal:  Are you seeing any signs that you are probably looking for revenue growth 
in the near future?  
 
V Senthil: We have invested in it. Definitely yes, the point is that we have invested in it. We 
believe that there is, there is China+1. There is PLI. We have a very stable currency. I think 
the right environment is currently present. That is why we believe, and we were clear for the 
last 2 years. So, it is only a matter for us to push for a higher number and use the capacities. 
 
Manish Goyal: Thank you so much.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you, Manish.  
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Sir. Going ahead with the next question, we have with us, 
Mr Abhineet Anand. Sir, you have been unmuted. You are ready for your question, Sir.  
 
Abhineet Anand: Sir, the first one is for the textile division. For 9 months, how many spindles 
have you supplied and what is the number for the last year? The second question is, in terms 
of the difference between the active and overall book, the percentage seems to be widening. 
Could you please explain that? Third, on the machine tools part, you mentioned that there 
was some amount of sluggishness. Is it for us or the general industry that you are talking 
about? Lastly, on ATC, you mentioned that the order book is around Rs 600 cr. Could you let 
us know what was the number before the start of this year or maybe Q3 last year? Thank 
you. These were my questions. 
 
V Senthil: I understood the spindles and the order book questions. You want to understand 
the sluggishness in the order book. The 9-month supply of spindles is close to around 1.3-1.4 
millions. Of course, this has been the highest turnover for us. So, it could have been perhaps 

10% less in the previous year. The order book, what and where I mentioned the active orders, 
right the active orders out of this, around 70% are inactive orders. The Rs 4000 cr is close to 
23-24%, which is around Rs 900-1000 cr is a kind of inactive order book in that. Generally, 
what we consider an order book is where we have deposits. Generally, during a sluggish 
period, you are absolutely right, when things are tough, the orders get pushed out. So, the 
net order book generally tends to increase, and your observation is correct. There has been 
a slower rise as a percentage in the active order book because we take machines for delivery 
based on the order schedule. If, within a particular schedule, a customer requests us not to 
process, we put them in the back and the next schedule is taken up. That is the way it works. 
So, the general market trend and the challenges in the textile industry are making some of 
the projects pushed out or some of the unitary machines to be pushed out. That is also 
because we do not talk about spares in the order books and that is again the reason why 
spares have moderately reduced. Otherwise, previously, it used to be a higher number. It has 
also moderately reduced as a percentage of the overall turnover. I think as far as the TMD is 
concerned. For MTD, the sluggishness, I can only talk about our order book, as far as MTD is 
concerned. Our understanding is that there is a slight slip in the last quarter offtake in general, 
in the industry. That is out understanding. With respect to ATC, we generally give a 3 years 
orderbook. In fact, as new orders come in, they get added to this orderbook. So, if you take 
a comparative and year and a half back, or so, it would have stood at around Rs 450-500 cr, 
as new orders come in, they get added to this overall turnover of 3-4 years. Any new part 
that comes in, like I was explaining to Mr Chetan at the start, any orders which we pick up, 
pick up generally comes with a private OEM. On the aerospace side, it generally comes with 
a 5-year visibility in terms of releasing the supply. They issue a 5-year purchase for us, in 
terms of numbers. So, this would have been Rs 450-500 cr. So, it would have been Rs 100 cr 
less, if you were to look at a year or 18 months ago. Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Sir. Proceeding with the next person with raising hands, we 
have with us Mr Avish. Mr Avish, you have been unmuted. You can also have your video 
turned on, if you like.  
 
Avish: I just have one question. Can you give us a segment-wise breakup of divisions, like 
how much is the export and how much is domestic for a particular division?  
 
V Senthil: Yes. Any other questions?  
 
Avish: No. Thank you.  
 
V Senthil: As far as the textile machinery division is concerned, for the quarter, we have 64% 
domestic, 21% export, and 14% spares. For machine tools, almost 97% would be domestic 
and for ATC, almost 97% would be export.  
 
Avish: Ok Sir. Thank you.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. The next person who has raised his hand is Mr Mayank. Sir, you 
are unmuted. We are ready for your question. Mr Mayank, we are not able to hear you.  
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: Hi Sir. Just one question from my end. On this machine tool industry 
is there any specific end-user industry where you are seeing a slowdown which has led to a 
slow offtake in the revenue?  

 
V Senthil: I think the ratio of machines we supply to the industry segment, almost 50% is 
auto sector, followed by engineering, followed by others. There are almost 20 sub-sectors 
after auto; auto being the largest sector of what we supply to. So, we do not have any specific 
data to say that this particular industry slowdown is causing the dip. But in general, it seems 
that there was a slowdown and now it seems to be coming back up. Like I said, it is very 
difficult for us to predict. I was just explaining to Mr Manish that we do not work on the order 
book in this particular business. So, it is very difficult to say that for a particular industry, we 
have a steady-state order book and for particular industries, we do not know the steady-state 
order books. There will be challenges if we make that assumption.  
 
Mayank Chaturvedi: Thank you, Sir. That was my only question.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you so much.  
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. Attendees, please raise your hands for your next question. Thank 
you, Sir. Now we have Mr Manish Goyal who has raised his hand. We can allow it.  
 
V Senthil:  Yes. We have time. Yes, Mr Manish. Please go on.  
 
Manish Goyal: Sir, coming back to machine tools, I would also like to get a perspective on- 
how is the market? What kind of growth is it seeing? Are we probably seeing on the other 
side that a large part of the growth we have had is through imports? Could you share some 
insights on how the market is doing? Is it that we are losing some market share in turning 
machines or not able to get the market share in the machine segment? 
 
V Senthil: I think the larger question is about the market size, if we take a 5-year view, we 
definitely expect the market to grow. It is for a few reasons which I may have to repeat. i) 
the China + 1 ii) the general GDP growth iii) pushing of demand. We feel that all these indicate 
a healthy demand within the machine tools segment. Yes, this is the one that is driving us to 
come up with additional capacity creation for this segment. Market share-wise, with respect 
to turning centres, we are upwards of close to 25%+.  , of course,  in some products we have 
a single-digit market share and that is something which we will definitely work on because 
these are all new introductions and we are fairly confident that this could take time for us to 
establish and grow the market share from thereon, i.e., vertical machine centres. But, we are 
clear that these segments are going to grow in the long term. There is no doubt about it and 
imported vs domestic machines, I think for a long time, that ratio has not changed much. It 
is still around 40% of the Indian market is domestic and the balance is imported. I do not 
think much dent has been made in terms of changing that share. In fact, I would go on to 
add that considering the growth potential, more foreign players have come in, set up shops, 
expanding in India, and bringing their machines along. At the end of the day, as the market 
becomes stronger, the Indian customer definitely needs localized support and services. So, 
people are open and many foreign players have started establishing their own facilities in 
India to service them. From India perspective, it is good that they are able to get because 
once they establish here, they will have a localized sourcing here, it will definitely reduce the 
cost for them, and it will help India in terms of long-term exports. So, yes, there is competition, 
and more competition is coming. We need to be prepared for that.  
 
Manish Goyal: Sure, Sir. Thank you so much. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. The next person is Mr Mayur Parkeria. Mr Mayur, you are 
unmuted. 

 
Mayur Parkeria: Sir, just two questions. One is given the order book which we have, on the 
TMD side, do you expect that in the next quarters we will see a substantial revenue fall 
compared to the last quarter of last year? Or, do you think that it will be a similar kind of 
revenue fall which we are seeing in this quarter? That is first. Second, for the machine tool 
division, are we looking at expanding our market capabilities and potential? Or will it be largely 
in these two verticals and turning centres that we have? Are we looking at our market size 
potential? And currently, what is the market size of the segments which we address? These 
are my two questions.  
 
V. Senthil: As far as the first question is concerned, we do not predict. We are in the capex 
business. It is very difficult to predict the numbers. That is what I explained in the last few 
questions that we are heading a slowdown. The slowdown that we have seen continues to be 
there even after 9 months. And that is very challenging situation and now we are seeing some 
bit of revival for our customers. But for us to translate that into order flow and demand would 
take some time.  May be in the next 2-3 quarters, we will have a better clarity. Because we 
continuously have to work with our customers to see how to make things happen be there to 
support with the supply. If they say something to be pushed out, then we have to handle that 
as well. With respect to the machine tool, the question that you are asking is- if we are trying 
to expand the market size. Now, the expansion of market size will come by different types of 
machines being made. We are not planning to make any different types of machines in turning 
centres and machine centres. We continue to be in these two segments. For us to expand the 
available market size, there are many machines, i.e. metal farming, metal cattle, and grinder 
machines. There are other machines as well but we are not into that and we are not trying to 
be in any of the other sectors apart from these two types of machines. The market size 
currently for these two machines is around Rs 5000 cr-Rs 6000 cr, give or take a few hundred 
crore here or there. That will be the market size where we are currently operating. Thank 
you.  
 
Mayur Parkeria: Thank you. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir. Thank you so much. 
 
V Senthil: Thank you.    
 
Moderator: Thank you so much, Sir. This brings us to the end of all the questions from all 
the attendees. Now, I believe that we do not have any further questions. Questions from 
everyone have been taken up. Thank you so much, Sir.  
 
V Senthil: Thank you, everyone. 
 
Moderator: Thank you, Sir.  
 
************* 
