 
 
Schaeffler India Limited 
Registered and Corporate Office: 15th Floor, (ASTP) Amar Sadanand Tech Park, Baner, Pune, Maharashtra, India – 411045 Tel: +91-20-68198400 | Fax: +91-20-68198405  
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515, www.schaeffler.co.in, info.in@schaeffler.com,                      
 
Sub: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Dis-
closure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 – Transcripts of Analyst/Inves-
tor Meet held on February 19, 2024. 
 
Dear Sirs, 
 
With reference to our letter dated February 14, 2024, please find enclosed the tran-
script of the Analyst/Investor meet held on February 19, 2024, for your information 
and records.  
 
The same is available on the Company's website - Earnings Conference Call | Schaeffler 
India 
    
Kindly take the same on your records. 
 
Thanking you. 
 
Yours faithfully, 
For Schaeffler India Limited  
 
 
 
 
Ashish Tiwari, 
VP - Legal & Company Secretary 
Encl.: As above 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23/02/2024 
 
Phone:  +912068198464 
Schaeffler India Limited · Pune · Maharashtra 
BSE Limited                                                   National Stock Exchange of India Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,                           Exchange Plaza, C – 1, Block G, 
Dalal Street,                                                     Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), 
Mumbai-400001                                               Mumbai-400051 
Company Code: 505790                                Company Code: SCHAEFFLER 
ASHISH 
TIWARI
Digitally signed by 
ASHISH TIWARI 
Date: 2024.02.23 
16:28:37 +05'30'

 
 
       Page 1 of 16 
PUBLIC 
 
 
 
“Schaeffler India Limited Q4 CY23 Earnings 
Conference Call” 
 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: MR. HARSHA KADAM – MANAGING DIRECTOR AND CHIEF 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
MS. HARDEVI VAZIRANI – DIRECTOR – FINANCE AND 
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER  
MS. GAURI KANIKAR – HEAD, INVESTOR RELATIONS 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 2 of 16 
PUBLIC 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the Q4CY23 Earnings Conference Call of 
Schaeffler India Limited. 
As a reminder, all participants' lines will be in the listen-only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need assistance 
during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing "*" then "0" on your touch-tone 
phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Ms. Gauri Kanikar from Schaeffler India Limited. Over to 
you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Good morning, everyone and welcome to the 4th Quarter and full year Earnings Conference Call 
for Schaeffler India Limited. 
Today, we have with us from the Management, Mr. Harsha Kadam – our Managing Director 
and Chief Executive Officer and Ms. Hardevi Vazirani – our Director (Finance) and Chief 
Financial officer. 
Mr. Kadam will first take us through a short presentation on the results, after which we can open 
the floor for questions. Over to you, Mr. Kadam. 
Harsha Kadam: 
Good morning. A warm welcome to this 4th quarter and the full year ending earnings call. I am 
Harsha Kadam here, and I would like to take you through the presentations. I hope you are able 
to see the presentation. 
I am on the next slide which shows the agenda. I would be taking you through some information 
on the economy and the industry as well as moving on to the business highlights of the Q4 and 
also the 12-month period of 2023. Next, I would like to throw some light on the financial 
highlights of Schaeffler India for Q4 as well as for the full year. And last but not the least, I 
would like to touch upon a little on how Schaeffler India is adding value to the stakeholder 
community that we operate in. 
Moving on, I am on the next slide which is talking about the Economy and the Industry: 
As you can see, the Indian economy expanded to 7.6% year on year in the 3rd quarter of 2023, 
following a strong 7.8% growth in the previous period. But if one were to look at the Index of 
Industrial Production, you would see that in the last quarter of 2023, there has been some 
contraction, but we guess it's more to do with the seasonal effect that is there in the system. The 
manufacturing sector soared phenomenally by almost 14%; construction sector went up almost 
13%; the utilities almost 10%; mining grew by 10%; and some of the service sectors which are 
predominantly the financial, real estate, and professional services grew by about 6%. The weak 
performance was visible very much in the farm sector which grew by a meager 1.2% due to 
erratic rainfall across the country. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 3 of 16 
PUBLIC 
I was talking about the Automotive Production -the 4th quarter '23 production has been pretty 
strong in the passenger vehicles, in the commercial vehicles, as well as in the tractor segments 
marginally. So, the year-on-year growth for the passenger vehicles was at about 8%, commercial 
was 2%, and the tractor saw a contraction to the effect of about 2% over the previous quarter in 
the last year. Inflation on the other hand remains at a steady state and the Reserve Bank of India 
has been kind enough to pause the repo rate hikes thereby keeping it unchanged and enabling 
the inflationary situation to remain more or less stable in the country as such. Although this is 
on the back of the high food prices and the vegetable prices which have been riding on the back 
of a weak harvest season due to the erratic rains that I have already mentioned about. 
Moving on, I would like to throw some light on the Core Sectors that you would yet to see - talk 
about the industrial production sector: as you can see, cement production was equally strong in 
terms of growth at 7.5% over the previous year. Talk about coal production, the mining has been 
doing pretty well. I did say it's well above 10%, and here you can see in the last quarter, the trend 
has been very strong. A 12% growth you are able to see. Even the steel production in the country 
riding on the back of the infrastructure push by the government, you find that the steel sector 
also did fairly well with close to 14% growth rate. The star performer has been also on the 
electricity generation in the country, where the weightage has almost moved to 20% of the sector 
weightage. And that's a phenomenal story clearly pointing at the demand for energy in the 
country going up. 
I move on to the next slide, which is throwing some light on the automotive sector performance: 
and what you see here is the 2- and 3-wheelers was one of the sectors that was impacted. The 
export market of the 2-wheelers was down in the quarter very badly. And also, overall ended the 
year almost with 20% down on the export side of the business. While the domestic production 
numbers on 2-wheelers were up almost 4%, what you see the cycle of the drop in the last quarter 
of last year is predominantly due to the business cycle that the 2-wheeler always has. Passenger 
vehicles, on the other hand, did put up some good performance, almost an 8% increase in 
production for the full year, and for the quarter as well, there was a 5% growth compared to the 
same period last year on the passenger vehicle front as well. 
Commercial vehicles, on the other hand, again, on the back of a weak export market showed a 
growth of just about 6% in the last quarter, but at an annualized level grew by almost 5%. The 
one sector that has been languishing is the agricultural tractor sector. And here the reasons are 
very obvious. Riding on the back of a weak monsoon as such, and the traction that was lost last 
year continues this year as well. And tractors is one of the sectors that we have seen a de-growth 
and it's almost 2% below last year's performance as such. 
With that kind of a backdrop and the situation, I step into the next slide which is going to throw 
some light on the interim budget that the Government of India announced on 1st of February. 
And clearly, in this budget, the focus was all on fiscal consolidation. While it talked a lot about 
development and transformation which received very positive reactions by the way, but then the 
fiscal consolidation is one of the clear objectives that has come out. And as you can see on the 
left side, the clear allocations to each of the areas and we find that the defense sector has received 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 4 of 16 
PUBLIC 
the big chunk of the allocations in the budget followed by the Ministry of Road Transport & 
Highways, Railways, clearly pointing to the continued infra push from the Government of India. 
This is kind of enabling some of the business sectors that Schaeffler India operates in. Take for 
example, if one were to look at the Railway sector, in this budget, it was announced that 40,000 
normal rail bogies would be converted to Vande Bharat. And the standards of safety, 
convenience, and comfort are given the highest priority. And that's where we as Schaeffler 
definitely our product portfolio helps us in enabling business growth in the Railway sector. Also, 
3 major rail corridors were also announced – the port connectivity corridor, the energy 
connectivity corridor, as well as the mineral and cement corridor. And we believe that this is 
going to enable the growth of the freight segment within the Railway sector. Talk about the 
electricity, obviously, clearly the government's drive on renewable energy production through 
the roof top solarization wherein 10 million households will be enabled to obtain about 300 units 
of electricity every month, is a step in the right direction wherein India's move towards carbon 
neutrality. On the other hand, also the viability gap funding, which will be provided for 
harnessing the offshore wind energy, is viewed as one other strong stimulant to get the wind 
sector to perform as well as a major player in the renewable energy generation in India. And the 
others, of course, are the coal gasification and liquefaction, high focus on biogas and compressed 
natural gas. So, energy definitely is a clear focus area. 
One other segment that definitely receives attention is the electric vehicle segment where the 
government will expand and strengthen the ecosystem. Although there is already FAME-I and 
FAME-II that are already existing, but the charging infrastructure is clearly going to be the next 
focus area, thereby creating a proper ecosystem to address the growth of the demand in the 
electric vehicle technology. Here again, at Schaeffler, we are playing the game in a strong way. 
With that, I move on to the next Slide, which is the Business Highlights, and let me throw some 
light on this - let me start with how the quarter go for us: 
The positive point was, in the last quarter, we were able to secure a lot of new businesses which 
puts us in the growth trajectory so that our continued projects' pipeline is staying full. And also, 
we did see that there were enough new business wins, both in the automotive as well as in the 
industrial space. And this is also enabling us to continue and sustain the balanced business 
portfolio that we have between the automotive and the industrial. One other good, positive 
development was, the Board of Directors of Schaeffler India Limited have recommended a 
dividend payout of INR 26 per equity share of face value of INR 2, resulting almost to a 45% 
payout ratio which definitely is an improvement over the last year. 
ESG has always been our focus area, and the way we run our business is clearly on the 
foundation of ESG. And here, again, we continue to keep clear focus with our sustainability 
targets as well as to work with the society and community around us. I will share a slide later. 
We did definitely have a challenging year which tested our agility. As you know, the top line 
growth, what you see on the right side, was just about 3.4% in Q4 compared to last year's same 
period. However, but with the actions that we had put in place, and we realized that we had to 
continue to keep a clear focus on overheads and a clear drive, we now sustain 16 projects which 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 5 of 16 
PUBLIC 
we continue to keep the focus on, thereby trying to deliver the profitability targets in line with 
the expectation as such. 
We ended the year with an EBIT margin of 14.9% in the quarter, as you can see. And which was 
1% lower than the last year's same period. The profit after tax, we were able to deliver 11.7% in 
the quarter, which was a clear once again 1% lower than last year. While the free cash flow looks 
to be -27% or -28% in the quarter, what I could see, which I will throw light on the subsequent 
slide, is the consistency in free cash flow has improved every quarter. In absolute value terms, 
we have been able to generate good cash into the system. And overall, I must say it was a 
challenging year in terms of the weakening market outside of India and our exports were also 
under high pressure in terms of getting to the numbers. So, in the last quarter, Q4, our export 
business was down almost 30%, but yet, we have been able to grow our domestic sales within 
India as such. So, entering 2024, we definitely see some upticks in some of the sectors. We are 
seeing a strong rebound from the wind sector which was down last year, and we have started to 
see some good demand coming in from the wind. And automotive too is having a dream run, 
particularly the SUV segment within the automotive sector. 
Now, that said I would like to throw some light on some of the new businesses that we have won 
- as you can see in the passenger vehicles, clearly our focus is on emission reduction and 
improving reliability, and we bring in very value adding products there to our stakeholders 
whether it is on the wheel bearings which is our basic bread and butter product or for that matter, 
new double clutches for the commercial vehicle segment, which is clearly addressing the 
stringent emission norms that are in vogue now. That said, even in our aftermarket, we continue 
to add more products into the portfolio. And obviously with the e-commerce platform that we 
have now, this is only a growth enabler and it's a force multiplier for us to expand our product 
offerings to the market through the automotive aftermarket channel. 
On the industrial side as well, where a lot more focus is now coming into precision and 
efficiency, we are clearly positioned to win the businesses as a motion technology company with 
the product portfolio that we have and what we make in India. And quite a few business wins, 
both in static applications as well as in dynamic applications, we have been able to bring it our 
way, and this is only going to fuel the growth going forward as well. 
Now, that said, I move to the next to throw some light on the financial performance in Q4 and 
the full year - as I said earlier, the total revenue for the year that you see, quarter-on-quarter 
growth has been 2.2% and full year total revenue of 17.8%, resulting in a 0.4% quarter-on-
quarter growth for the quarter. So, over the preceding quarter, we were able to just post about 
0.4% growth. Year on year, we did about 3.4%. Compared to last year's performance, this has 
been a challenging year, as I already mentioned. How did this growth happen between the 
business divisions? As you can see, automotive technologies actually contracted a bit in the 
quarter compared to over the preceding quarter by 0.9%. However, compared to the same period 
last year, it was a strong 9% growth story. In the 12-year period, we are almost up 12%. 
Automotive aftermarket too had a positive growth story in double digits compared to the 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 6 of 16 
PUBLIC 
preceding quarter or the same period last year, but overall, a 12-month period performance 15% 
growth. 
Industrial, on the other hand, also had some slowdown in the last quarter posting about 1.2% 
growth over the preceding quarter, but however, when one were to compare that with the last 
year's Q4, you will find it is around 17% uptick, taking the overall industrial growth at an 
annualized level to 5.1%. 
I did touch upon the point that the export was one of the dampeners for us, and as you can see 
here in the quarter, it was down almost 5.3% over the preceding quarter, and it was 36% down 
when compared to Q4 of 2022. Overall, at an annualized level, our export business was down 
15%. That said, clearly our business mix continues to remain pretty balanced between the 
automotive and industrial, as you can see on the pie chart there. Our exports, which had hit 
almost 16% of the total revenue, have dropped to 11% in the pie, yes, whereas the automotive 
aftermarket remains at a steady state of 10%. I move on to the next slide which is talking about 
some earnings quality. And here you see the profitability picture. The EBIT margin or the EBIT 
value for the Q4 of 2023, we were able to generate INR 275 crores in cash with an EBIT margin 
of 14.9%. And that was 1% lower than the preceding quarter and almost 1.5% to 2% lower 
compared to the last year. That said, we still continue to focus on our efficiency and productivity 
in the operations as well as overhead cost management as such. 
So, clearly, the profit after tax, which was also impacted as a result, as you can see, we delivered 
a profit after tax of INR 217 crores in the quarter taking the profit after tax percentage to 11.7% 
and at an annualized level of 12.6% which is 0.2% lower than last year comparatively. All in all, 
a tough year but then we still try to sustain and deliver the financial results in line with the 
expectations, and we were able to end the year with an EBIT margin of 15.7% at a year-to-date 
level compared to 16% of the previous year. 
I move on to the next slide, which is going to throw some light on the working capital - and as I 
did say earlier, our working capital as a percentage to sales, we have been able to manage it 
pretty well. It is at an optimized level that we would like to operate in, and we were able to reach 
a level of 17% in the last quarter of last year. And we continue to manage the working capital in 
a very efficient manner. On the other hand, our CAPEX, while it appears that there is a marginal 
drop, but I must say here that we stand committed to invest in the capacities exactly in line with 
the plan. This investment drop that you see in the last quarter is only a timing issue. However, 
we will continue to do so. The investment ratio as a percentage to sales, the number speaks for 
itself. As you can see, in the first quarter of 2022, we were at about 4.8% and we have steadily 
moved up, and in the last quarter, we were at 7.7%. That clearly shows that our commitment to 
investing in India for localization and the Make-In-India continues to hold good. 
On the free cash flow - overall strong generation of free cash flow, rightfully. Yes, in the last 
quarter, as you can see in Q4 '23, it was marginally lower compared to the same period last year 
in 2022. However, if you look at the annualized level, we were still at strong levels. We were 
able to bring in almost INR 177 crores of cash into the system in the last quarter of last year. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 7 of 16 
PUBLIC 
That said, I move to the next slide, which is going to throw some light on the summary and the 
key performance indicators - I did already talk about the growth story, 3.4% revenue growth 
year on year. And at an annualized level, it's a 5.2% growth compared to the same period last 
year with an EBITDA margin of 17.9% compared to the previous quarter's 19.2% of 2022. At 
an annualized level, we ended the year with an EBITDA margin of 18.7% which was a marginal 
drop of 0.3% compared to 2022. I already talked about the EBIT margin and the profit after tax. 
I touched upon the CAPEX investment rate. Clearly, as you can see here on the CAPEX row, 
last year 2022, we did spend INR 316 crores, investing in our capacity towards our localization 
efforts, which in 2023, we almost doubled to INR 610 crores here. 
That said, I move to the next slide which is throwing some light on the consolidated financial 
results. As you all know that we did make an acquisition last year of an e-commerce B2B 
platform, specifically in the automotive aftermarket area of our operations. And we would like 
to share with you the separate picture as to how it would look. If one were to look at the middle 
column, the KRSV Innovative Auto Solutions Private Limited, it generated a revenue of INR 
19.5 crores coming in, in the last quarter and taking the total consolidated Schaeffler India 
revenue results in the quarter to INR 1,874.6 crores. Of course, the e-commerce platform being 
a new venture, the reach and the pan of reach within the market is still in an evolving stage. You 
would find that the EBITDA and the EBIT would be at a negative level. But we are confident 
with the kind of growth story that we are painting here, we will soon get this to be a positive 
value adding business going forward, which is only going to complement the standalone 
Schaeffler India results as such. At a consolidated level, our EBITDA margin comes to about 
17.5% and before exceptional EBIT margin at about 14.5% and earnings before taxes at about 
15.8% overall. That said, I would now like to throw some light on how at Schaeffler, we add 
and create value to our stakeholders. 
I move to the next slide which is going to throw light on the dividend payout for the year 2023: 
I am happy to share that the Board of Directors of the company have approved a dividend payout 
of INR 26 per equity share at the face value of INR 2. And this has been an increase of INR 2 
per share over the last year, which is a clear 8% increase. And this is also taking the payout ratio 
to 45% which is exactly in line with the commitment we as an organization have made to our 
shareholders to take the dividend payout ratio closer to 50% and we are currently at 45%. 
With this good news, I come to my penultimate slide which is talking a bit about our effort in 
terms of encouraging and working with startups. At Schaeffler India, we started off an initiative 
called the Social Innovator Fellowship Program and we have received tremendous response. 
This is the second year, we had that last year, and we received a total of 260 applications. There 
were specific areas in terms of applications of technology, carbon neutrality; then, circular 
economy was one of the subjects that we included. Environmental sustainability was another 
and renewable energy was another area. Out of the 260 applications that were received, we put 
them through the grinder to select the best top ten. And the top ten were presented to us. And 
what we do is these top 10 innovators are then subsequently sponsored by Schaeffler, working 
with IIM Ahmedabad for a mentorship program to help them how to incubate the startups and 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 8 of 16 
PUBLIC 
grow the business going forward successfully. This is our small effort in the direction of working 
with startups who are truly adding value to India and the community around us. This is a good 
initiative. We will continue to work with more and more startups as we move forward as well. 
With this, I move to my last ultimate slide which is more on the summarization. Domestic 
business continues and the concern that we saw was only in the exports. And our focus clearly 
being on the domestic business will continue while in exports, we are ready and prepared. As 
the market landscape changes outside India, we will continue to leverage the growth there as 
well, as the market comes back. We will keep our focus in terms of delivering our promise and 
the quality of earnings, and we are clearly revisiting our countermeasures, and we will stay on 
top of this. And for CAPEX, as I already said, we will continue our localization percentage to 
go up. Currently, it is sitting at about 75%. We would definitely want to take that up further year 
on year. I already talked about it. 2024, we look forward to a year optimistically with strong 
upticks coming back in some of the key sectors which mean a lot to the business of Schaeffler 
India here. And we believe that with the strongest portfolio, widest portfolio that we have, and 
as a motion technology company, we will leverage the growth opportunities that are right in 
front of us. 
With that, I come to the end of my presentation and over to you, Gauri. 
Moderator: 
We will now begin the question & answer session. Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a 
moment while the question queue assembles. 
The first question is from the line of Ankur from HDFC Life. Please go ahead. 
Ankur: 
Just a few questions. To start off with, on the export side if you could just help us, would the last 
quarter be the bottom? Are you seeing green shoots in terms of recovery as we go forward? Just 
some color on some of your key markets as well – EU, APAC, US. How are you seeing basically 
the end demand from some of these key markets? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, exports did see some strong headwinds, as I already said, and we continue to see it. It all 
started off with the war breakout in Ukraine. And of course, followed that up with the war in 
Israel. And surely, that is definitely contributing to the slower demand that we are seeing. A lot 
of our export goes to Europe mainly. Yes, a little bit of it to China which we kind of are now de-
risking it. Europe, we know, has to come back. It will come back. Meanwhile, we are also trying 
to look at Southeast Asian countries. We have been actively working with our colleagues there 
as well. And we also intend to see how best we can leverage the gaps that we find in Europe. 
And to that effect, we are putting some actions in place going forward. Now, to come back to 
your question on is this the bottoming out, I hope so. And hopefully look forward to an improved 
Q1 starting off this year. We will have to wait for another couple of months to clearly know what 
direction this is going to go. But we are optimistic, and we hope that Q4 2023 was the bottoming 
out, hopefully. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 9 of 16 
PUBLIC 
Ankur: 
As you also said, maybe you are also trying to look at more on the Southeast Asian markets as 
well, maybe to offset some of the weakness in the EU or China. Is that right? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. Obviously, we are looking at markets where the economies are doing well. Like, Indonesia 
is doing well still, Vietnam is there, Thailand is there. We are looking at these fundamentally to 
see if we can start to gain some businesses there – business wins – so that we can try and load 
the free capacity that we have. 
Ankur: 
Second, sir, on some of your key industrial markets, because clearly, when I look at some of 
your peers or even the overall industrial B2B space seems to be kind of slowing down in terms 
of top line growth across some of their end markets. If you could just help us some of your 
markets like rail, wind, cement, steel, the Process market, how are things kind of shaping up 
there? Are you seeing a pre-election slowdown in some of these markets and then maybe a bump 
up after that, or is it business as usual? Some color there? 
Harsha Kadam: 
First, let me start with the first part of the question that you mentioned. Are we seeing slowing 
down in the industrial sectors? We did see some slowdown in some industrial sectors, not all. 
There are 2 ways to look at it. If I were to look at just the Q4, the last quarter of 2023, rightfully 
some of the sectors like the offroad wherein the construction equipments do come in and the 
tractors to put together, we did see some slowdown there in the last quarter. The reasons could 
be twofold. 1) Tractor, anyway, is already down. It has been at its lowest point as such. But more 
on the infrastructure push, and this is exactly what I referred to that in the interim budget, there 
was a kind of a wait-and-watch that probably happened because of the upcoming elections. But 
however, the interim budget still keeps the focus on the infrastructure push. With all the 
construction, the infrastructure industry demands still continue to do. So, I am optimistic that 
the infra push is definitely going to continue, and we are going to see some positive traction 
coming in Q1 of this year. Another factor was wind. Wind has come back strongly. In the quarter 
itself, we saw it was a much stronger performance. Over the preceding quarter, almost 11% 
growth. And that is a strong uptick on the wind side as such. We have also seen that clear focus 
on Railways is also helping us because we have seen a strong growth in Q4 last year as well. 
And even at an annualized level, we have seen a strong growth story in the Railway sector for 
us. As I said, all in all, yes, there is a mixed bag like the 2-wheelers took a little longer to pick 
up and they have still not picked up to the speed at which they should be running. The 2-wheeler 
sector is still struggling there because their own export market is hit very badly hence. Overall, 
we have a mixed bag, but then, we have also seen that in some of the sectors, obviously the 
demand uptick is visible already. 
Ankur: 
Sir, also in the Process industry? Oil & gas, steel, cement, anything there? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, I did talk about the energy sector. It is doing well. But if I look at an annualized level, 
surely, we have seen our business grow in the energy sector, mining sector, as well as in the 
process industry sector. All the three. We have seen a strong uptick there. Demand has been 
good. Q4 has been a bit slow, rightfully, as you pointed out, with the apprehension of the 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 10 of 16 
PUBLIC 
forthcoming elections. It could be a dampener, but I don't think it's very bad. At an annualized 
level, definitely we are seeing a good growth story in all these 3 areas. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ajox Frederick from Sundaram Mutual Fund. Please go 
ahead. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Sir, my question is again on industrials from a CAPEX angle. From the CAPEX what we are 
doing, what proportion will be going particularly to industrials and what will be the asset turns 
for that CAPEX? That's the first question. 
Harsha Kadam: 
We have consistently been investing both in the automotive and the industrial space. Rightfully, 
the large part of the investment is in the industrial space. Why? Because our localization content 
was lower there, yes. And we have now consistently kept the focus to make more and more 
products for the industrial space in India. And we will continue to keep that focus to invest on 
the industrial side of the products. Automotive, on the other hand, is more what we were 
importing, we try to do it here now because one of the critical criteria for an automotive OEM 
is to have a strong supplier base. Supply chain itself has to be here. And some of the products 
that we make have some niche technologies which today the supplier capability and competency 
is still not there in India. Hence, we continue to import. But there again, our clear localization 
drive is going to enable us to increase our investments on the automotive going forward as well. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Just a followup to that. From our target perspective, will we be increasing CAPEX on the 
industrials, or the run rate will still continue? 
Harsha Kadam: 
I don't have the precise data right now, but all I can say is, yes, we will keep the focus both for 
the automotive and the industrial. As I already said, we have a major breakthrough in the electric 
mobility sector now, and rightfully for that, we will have to start a localization plan. We will 
have to start making subsystem level products in the automotive space as well. So, we will be 
continuing to invest even on the automotive side because there, in the technology landscape, we 
see a demographic shift happening in terms of electric vehicles catching up as well in India. So, 
we are gearing up for investments even in that field. 
Ajox Frederick: 
Just my final question. On Railways, what is the business right now we are doing and where can 
that scale up, let's say in 2 to 3 years' time frame? 
Harsha Kadam: 
On the Railways side, predominantly our products are on the axle boxes and bearings that go 
into it. We also are a strong player in the traction motor applications which go into all electric 
locomotives. The fact that Indian Railways has a clear strategy to become 100% electrification 
is actually helping us grow our business because we are the only ones who have been able to 
develop insulation coating bearings for the traction motor application. And our customers have 
even recognized us with multiple awards in the last year on this. That said, clearly our strength 
is already there. Apart from this, there are a host of other products. We are also now getting into 
the digital space. How do we operate because everything is going digital? So, Railways 
definitely is a very strategic and important sector for us. And we have won businesses on the 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 11 of 16 
PUBLIC 
Vande Bharat trains. And as you know, the engineering specifications and standards for the 
Vande Bharat are very different from the older train technology that was there in India. And that 
said, we are gearing up not just in terms of manufacturing capacity, but in terms of engineering 
competency as well. Both the areas we have addressed very clearly. Even now, the third area 
that we are getting into is also infrastructure to carry out testing facilities for Railways in India. 
All the three. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mukesh Saraf from Avendus Spark. Please go ahead. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
My first question is on your EV plans. You had just alluded that obviously you were going to be 
earmarking a lot of investments there. Just trying to understand how it is going to work between, 
say, with Vitesco India and Schaeffler India, given that at the parent level, the businesses are 
kind of getting combined. How will the parent be sharing its technology between the two Indian 
entities? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me break that question into two parts and try to answer it. The first, obviously, is our e-axle 
project with the customer here, which we have been actively engaged with. It is going as per 
schedule on plan, and performance has been pretty good. That said, as I mentioned earlier to the 
previous question, we are also drawing up plans to localize and manufacture the e-axle in a 
phased manner. That's going to happen as such. And investments to that effect are already 
underway. So, clearly our commitment and focus to invest into the electric vehicle technology 
in India is already there and actions are already underway. That said, we are also actively 
working with other customers for other platforms, obviously, to try and get more business 
opportunities into the pipeline in the e-vehicle technology area. That's the first part of the 
question. The second part being you brought onboard the question of Vitesco. Vitesco has been 
a strategic global acquisition for Schaeffler AG. Globally the company has been acquired. Why 
was this done? Clearly, within the wide portfolio that we have, one of the gaps was in terms of 
the digitalization and electronics offerings. And that was the gap in our portfolio, which finally 
is filled in. The only way we see now going forward is Schaeffler and Vitesco together, clearly, 
we have the capabilities now to offer a system level solution offering to our customers as a one-
stop shop. Whether it's the electric motor, the reducer, gearboxes, the control systems that go 
with it, the electronics part of it, or the thermal management module that needs to be there to 
ensure that the entire system operates in an efficient manner, all the four put together, we have 
been able to now offer as a one-stop-shop offering. That's the complimentary outcome of the 
Vitesco that you touched upon. At this point in time, it's the only global acquisition that has 
happened. We will continue to see how things will evolve as we move forward. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
We are not sure if Vitesco will separately be getting orders from customers and Schaeffler also 
will be separately getting orders from customers? 
Harsha Kadam: 
I am afraid at this point in time, I will not be able to answer that question as such, as it is too 
nascent a stage, we are in. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 12 of 16 
PUBLIC 
Mukesh Saraf: 
And the second question is on wind. You mentioned that there is an improvement in the wind 
business. But we also understand, and correct me if I am wrong, that a large part of our wind 
business is an indirect export. But obviously exports itself are not doing too well. Could you 
explain a bit more? Is there a domestic wind demand that is going up and that is what you were 
mentioning, or even the indirect, the gearbox exports that happen, even that is picking up? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Let me lay it down for you first. If one were to look at the wind equipment business in India, 
80% of what is produced in India actually gets exported out of India. Only 20% of the production 
is India's domestic need. That said, we have not seen a drop in the domestic demand, which is 
just about 20%. Where we have seen the drop is on the 80% side. Because our customers, their 
projects are delayed, their projects are put on the back burner, and so on and so forth. And 
predominantly, all the exports of the wind equipments, a majority was going to the European 
market and some of it going to the US market. What we have seen is we have seen a drop in the 
European market. We have not seen a drop in the Indian market, nor have we seen a drop in the 
US market. The impact of the European market is what is felt by our customers, which is actually 
cascaded down to us as a supplier now. I suppose I have now brought the clarity there. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
But you had mentioned that there is an improvement. That is basically the 20% market in India? 
Harsha Kadam: 
The 20% has remained steady. We are not seeing a drop there at all. Where we are seeing a 
demand uptick is on the 80% side. 
Mukesh Saraf: 
Just the last one, a quick one, if I may squeeze in. In the presentation, we have mentioned that 
we have now won an order for DGBBs for electric 2-wheelers. Just trying to understand, I think 
in the past, you had mentioned that while the volume of bearings with EVs might be lesser, but 
the value will make up for that. Are we seeing that already in this order that we are winning? In 
terms of value, are these higher than the ICE vehicle DGBBs that we supply? 
Harsha Kadam: 
It's a very good question you are asking, Mukesh. Let me again throw some light on this. If one 
were to look at the next 10 years how the IC engine market would be going forward. Obviously, 
the 2-wheelers being the early adopters of electric vehicle technology, we believe the IC engines 
could stagnate or start to decline gradually. But the size of the market in India, close to 20 million 
2-wheelers produced last year, I guess, for '23 or so. That said, there is a substantial market that 
still will be there for the next decade. That's one data point. The second thing is, will the number 
of bearings reduce when the technology moves from ICE to electric? Of course, it will reduce. 
But then, what it would also do is, there is a shift in the product specifications and engineering 
specifications. Why? Because the EV requires a different specification. And that's where the 
new wins that we have started to secure on our bearings for the electric vehicle are differently 
engineered, and they have a different specification as well. To put it in a nutshell, while on the 
one hand we see the business of overall demand may reduce, not now immediately but after a 
decade or so, we are also getting into the EV bearings that would call for different engineering 
specs or manufacturing capabilities being re-engineered to that effect. That's already happening. 
Also, we are not ignoring the fact that we are now having the capability to offer electric vehicle 
technology even to the 2-wheelers. We are definitely evaluating and trying to work with some 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 13 of 16 
PUBLIC 
of our partners here to see if we can bring electric 2-wheeler solution to the market. That is 
currently work in progress, and I am not at liberty to share more details beyond that. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Harshit Patel from Equirus Securities. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my first question is on our European exports. While I have noticed that the Schaeffler 
Group's, as in parents' revenues which they garner from Europe, they haven't declined very 
sharply in the past 3 or 4 quarters. On the contrary, our exports to Europe, they have, I think, 
declined very sharply. Since you have mentioned both Southeast Asia and the USA, they are 
doing relatively well. Could you help me reconcile this? Are there any specific end-user 
segments or product segments that we are catering to would have seen a very sharp decline? 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
Harshit, as you are aware that Schaeffler Group has been actively pursuing inorganic 
opportunities. The growth that you see in our global revenues in Europe market are mainly 
including the inorganic growth that has happened with acquisition of some of the industrial 
companies. And the second thing is also that they are rationalizing the inventories. In Q4 
specifically, they tried to reduce the imports from different countries, and they tried to utilize 
the inventories which were in stock. These are the 2 major reasons that you see that Europe 
numbers, the revenue has not de-grown, but the background is different that we have to know 
the inorganic portion of that. 
Harshit Patel: 
Sir, my second question is on the gross margins. These gross margins have come off from close 
to 39% two to three quarters ago to close to 37% at the moment. This is a drop of close to 200 
basis points in the last 2 to 3 quarters. Would you attribute this entirely to the share of exports 
coming down? Or there are some other reasons as well? If you could elaborate on this, that will 
be very helpful. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
The major portion is due to the drop in exports, and in the full year, our exports dropped by 15% 
points. This 15% drop in exports attributes maximum part of the gross margin drop. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Sourav Gurjar from ICICI Prudential AMC. Please go 
ahead. 
Sourav Gurjar: 
My question is on the expansion plans. Where exactly are we on the Savli industrial bearings 
facility you also displayed a few months back and the Hosur automotive components part? Have 
some lines come online, or phases of capacity additions actually occurred? And with that, where 
are we in the overall utilization for bearings? 
Harsha Kadam: 
As you are aware, in the previous questions, I did touch upon the answer that our investment 
continues to stay the course. And as I already said, we are at close to 7.5% to 8% of our sales 
we are reinvesting. Predominantly, a large part of it definitely is in the industrial space and most 
of it is going into our Savli plant because that is the plant where we have space for expansion. 
The other plant in Maneja, which is also an industrial plant, there is no space for further 
expansion. Hence, all the expansions happen in Savli. That said, obviously, some of the product 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 14 of 16 
PUBLIC 
lines like large-sized bearings or spherical roller bearings or angular contacts, all these which 
are required in the process industries, the renewable energy sector is the clear focus area and 
Railways; we continue to invest for all these 3 sectors. And our investment plans are clearly on 
track. We continue to do that. 
Sourav Gurjar: 
And anything particularly on the Hosur side? How is that moving, sir? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Hosur which is a total greenfield project, and the building construction is ongoing. And as I see 
it now, hopefully we should be able to start the productions to come out; by the first quarter of 
2025, we should be churning out the products from that plant as well. 
Sourav Gurjar: 
On the Savli side, the additions are in a phased manner, right? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes. I am not sure if you were there on the last visit to Savli. You would have seen the hall. That 
hall is getting filled up. Now we are going to start the additional construction of another 
additional hall, equally the size of the current hall because Savli, as I said, has plenty of space. 
We have not even occupied half the land area yet. And that's something is clearly our focus 
going forward as well. 
Sourav Gurjar: 
And the second question is on the inorganic part. You just mentioned about inorganic acquisition 
which the group has been doing. We are left with INR 15 million of cash. Even with 30% to 
50% of dividend payout and the CAPEX commitment, we still are with cash, right? Any plans 
for further inorganic opportunities apart from Koovers? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Yes, we are looking out for good opportunities, and we will continue to look out for good 
opportunities. As I said, last year, we did acquire Koovers. It was a smaller acquisition 
comparatively, but nevertheless, the inorganic growth of Schaeffler India definitely is a clear 
strategy for us. And we will stay the course there as well. And we are cognizant of the cash we 
are sitting on as well. 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Mayank Bhandari from Asian Markets Securities. Please 
go ahead. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir, my first question is, within industrials, can you give us a direction of how Railways business 
has grown in CY23? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Last year when I look at the full year, our Railway business has done reasonably well, and we 
have registered a double-digit growth rate. In fact, in the industrial sectors, almost all the sectors, 
we have done a double-digit growth compared to the previous year, which is pretty strong, pretty 
good. Of course, we did have some challenges in the offroad, as I said, because that's the only 
sector where it was a little bit dampened because of the demand being very weak. But Railways, 
yes, we had a good growth story, double-digit growth rate. And as I said, our investment strategy 
remains there as well, and we will continue to leverage the newer demands that are coming out 
of the Indian Railways sector as such in terms of performance and reliability. Definitely, we will 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 15 of 16 
PUBLIC 
have the competence and the wherewithal to deliver the products meeting both the areas of 
performance and reliability. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
The overall growth has been 5%, which means probably Wind business has declined that is the 
reason, except that, all sectors have grown double digit? 
Harsha Kadam: 
As you say Wind has declined, you will have to compare that with the previous year and then 
see because Wind in the first half was down pretty badly. It just started to take off only in the 
last quarter, Q4 of last year. To that effect, overall, yes, Wind was down, but then it started to 
show a positive traction and upward trend. And that is encouraging for us because Wind is one 
of the very important strategic businesses for us and we have a lot riding for the Wind sector as 
well. 
Mayank Bhandari: 
Sir, can you give a breakdown of the auto business in terms of CV, PV, and tractors for full year 
CY23? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Is your question about the market? 
Mayank Bhandari: 
No, not market; Schaeffler India's breakdown. 
Harsha Kadam: 
As I said, automotive has posted a pretty strong growth story compared to the previous year. 
And both in the power transmission and engine applications, we have done pretty well. The 
engine and transmission part of our business, including the clutches, has had a very strong 
growth story. Particularly, our clutch business has had a very strong traction riding on the back 
of some of the market also trying to adopt the dual clutches where our key strength is. And we 
are one of the largest players in the dual-clutch applications and we have been able to leverage 
that. We have been doing well there. Talk about the bearing side of the business, it is a 
challenging part of the business as such. But here again, bearings as such, it's not that we have 
lost market share. We have sustained our market share, but definitely it has not grown as much 
as it should have grown on the engine and transmission and the clutch parts of the business. 
Overall, automotive has seen traction. And as we see, IC engines still continue to demand. And 
with emission norms becoming more and more stringent, obviously the current products that we 
offer need to be re-engineered and we are leveraging on that because we have the strong 
engineering and design competency existing within India and also in Germany. We cross 
leverage the competencies we have, and we have been able to stay a strong and potent player in 
the automotive application space as well. Another data point is our business within the 
commercial vehicle sector has grown phenomenally in the last 1 year. This is clearly because of 
our focus that we have now brought on to the commercial vehicle segment, and we have been 
actively working to launch more and more new products in the commercial vehicle segment. 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints, this will be the last question for today, which is 
from the line of Mahesh from LIC Mutual Fund. Please go ahead. 

 
Schaeffler India Limited 
February 19, 2024 
 
 
Page 16 of 16 
PUBLIC 
Mahesh: 
Sir, export for this quarter is around INR 211 crores which is, I think, lowest in the last 9 quarters. 
You hinted that this could be the bottom. Going forward, this number will improve, maybe 
gradually, but there won't be any de-growth as such? 
Harsha Kadam: 
Mahesh, let me correct you first. I did not hint that it will be the lowest quarter. It was hinted by 
one of the participants in the call. I said I hope it will be the last quarter, right? And I still hold 
that and that I am also hoping that this will be the last quarter. That said, yes, we are, as I said, 
looking at alternatives to see whether we can bring in more new businesses from other parts of 
the world to ensure that our export capacities will start to fill up. But yes, Q4 was the lowest that 
we have hit. Will it remain? I cannot say that. We will have to wait. This quarter will tell us 
where this is heading to. That would be my answer to you. 
Mahesh: 
Sir, we have talked about INR 500 crores CAPEX for the next 3 years and we are through with 
1 year. For the next 2 years, still we are holding that CAPEX guidance. 
Hardevi Vazirani: 
That is right. We will be holding the CAPEX guidance. 
Moderator: 
As that was the last question for today, I would now like to hand the conference over to Ms. 
Gauri Kanikar for closing comments. Over to you, ma'am. 
Gauri Kanikar: 
Thank you everyone. Thank you for joining us today. If you have any further queries, please do 
reach out to me at gauri.kanikar@schaeffler.com. Have a good day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you members of the management. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Schaeffler India 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us, and you may now 
disconnect your lines. 
 
(This document has been edited for improving readability)  
Registered Office: 
15th Floor, ASTP (Amar Sadanand Tech Park), 
Baner, Pune – 411045, Maharashtra  
Contact Details:  
Investorsupport.IN@schaeffler.com 
Website:  
www.schaeffler.co.in 
CIN: L29130PN1962PLC204515 
 
