 
 
 
 
 
 
Date: 19th February, 2024 
 
To,                                                                   To, 
The Listing Manager                                           The Manager 
Department of Corporate Services                        Listing Department 
Bombay Stock Exchange                                     National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
P. J. Towers, Dalal Street,                                   “Exchange Plaza”-C1,Block G                                 
Mumbai – 400001                                               Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E) 
                                                                         Mumbai 400 051 
 
 
Scrip Code:532841                                              SYMBOL: SAHYADRI  
 
Sub: Transcript of Analysts / Investors conference call 
 
Ref: Disclosure under Regulation 30 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure 
Requirements) Regulations, 2015.  
 
 
Dear Sir/Mam, 
 
Enclosed herewith transcript of the Analysts / Investors conference call held on Tuesday, 13th 
February, 2024. The same is also available on the Company's website i.e. www.silworld.in  
 
You are requested to kindly take note of the same.  
 
Thanking You. 
 
 
Yours Faithfully, 
FOR SAHYADRI INDUSTRIES LIMITED 
 
 
 
 
RAJIB KUMAR GOPE 
COMPANY SECRETARY & COMPLIANCE OFFICER 
M. NO: F8417 
 
 
RAJIB 
KUMAR 
GOPE
Digitally signed by RAJIB KUMAR GOPE 
DN: c=IN, st=West Bengal, 
2.5.4.20=d094bd1d80068d7539dd52e2616e
e9de792c8c154b46c419f06a1d7971dbe695, 
postalCode=700047, street=39 A LOTUS 
PARK GROUND FLOOR NAKTALA, 
pseudonym=06cbdcb97936b04700f32930af
631db6, 
serialNumber=66f436efd5284823f4dc72fdfb
080b4d1b6652a8d69e5c15c6e3c856cec9258
a, o=Personal, cn=RAJIB KUMAR GOPE 
Date: 2024.02.19 15:56:34 +05'30'

Page 1 of 13 
 
 
 
 
“Sahyadri Industries Limited 
Q3 & 9M FY’24 Earnings Conference Call” 
February 13, 2024 
 
 
Disclaimer: 
This document is subject to errors and may or may not contain words which have been 
included / omitted due to human error while transcribing the conference call. Any and all information should be 
verified with the company by the reader 
 
 
 
 
       
 
 
 
 
 
     
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT: 
MR. TULJARAM MAHESHWARI – CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER, CHIEF FINANCIAL 
OFFICER AND WHOLE TIME DIRECTOR –  
 
MR. ARVIND GARG – FINANCIAL CONTROLLER –  
 
SGA, INVESTOR RELATIONS ADVISOR  
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Sahyadri Industries Limited Q3 FY24 
Earnings Conference Call. This conference call may contain forward looking 
statements about the company which are based on the beliefs, opinions, and 
expectations of the company as on date of this call. These statements are not the 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult 
to predict. 
As a reminder all participant lines will be in the listen only mode and there will be an 
opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation concludes. Should you need 
assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing star then 
zero on your touch tone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Tuljaram Maheshwari, Whole Time Director, 
CEO and CFO. Thank you and over to you sir. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 2 of 13 
 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Good evening everyone and thank you for the joining us on the Sahyadri Industries 
Limited Q3 and 9-month FY24 Earnings Conference Call. I hope everyone had a 
chance to view the financial results and investor presentation which were posted on 
the company website and stock exchanges. I am accompanied by Mr. Arvind Garg, 
Financial Controller and SGA, Our Investor Relations Advisor on this call today.  
Let me begin with the overall industry dynamics. According to the EY report, the 
roofing industry market in India is projected to expand to US$5.6 billion by 2028 up 
from US$3.9 billion in 2022 with a CAGR of 6%. Currently, there are a variety of 
roofing options available for the consumers. 
Having said that trading asbestos roofing sheet continues to remain a preferred choice 
for the rural area customer due to its low cost, high durability, and multiple other 
benefits. During the quarter gone by rural India continues to witness subdued demand 
coupled with pricing pressures and adverse weather conditions including floods in 
Tamil Nadu. On one hand, the input cost is on the higher side on the back of elevated 
raw material prices. On the other hand, the company faced challenges in passing on 
these prices to consumers due to the demand scenario. 
Although the raw material front, we do not foresee any further increase especially in 
the imported raw material asbestos fibre prices. Despite such challenging times, we are 
pleased to report that our building material segment performance has witnessed growth 
of 15% sequentially and 13% on a YoY basis. EBIT for the same period also grew by 
150% on the QoQ basis and 29% YoY, respectively. 
The overall capacity utilization has improved from 66% in 9-month FY23 to 76% in 
9-month FY24. The utilization level stood at 68% for the quarter. Our goal is to achieve 
higher utilization level in Q4 for this financial year. 
Going forward, as the demand scenario improves, we endeavour to achieve better sales 
momentum in the coming quarters. Now moving on to the financial performance, Q3 
FY24 performance consolidated total income stood at INR136.3 crores for Q3 FY24 
as compared to INR123.7 crores in Q3 FY23 growth of 10.2%. EBITDA of the 
company for Q3 FY24 stood at INR13.8 crores with EBITDA margin of 10.1%. Profit 
after tax stood at INR3.2 crores in Q3 FY24.  
Coming to the 9-month FY24 performance, the consolidated total income stood at 
INR483.7 crores for 9-month FY24 grew by 12.6% as compared to INR429.5 crores 
in 9-month FY23. EBITDA for 9 months FY24 stood at INR55.8 crores with EBITDA 
margin of 11.5%. Profit after tax stood at INR22.1 crores in 9-month FY24.  

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 3 of 13 
 
At Sahyadri, we will continue to focus on developing scale and providing a compelling 
value proposition to our customers and envisage to become a pan India player. The 
company's non-asbestos business is gaining traction and we are hopeful that it will 
continue going ahead. 
We remain committed to cost management, continuous improvement, innovations, and 
customer centricity. We are committed to driving future-ready value-adding 
enterprises that help to create a more equitable world. With this, I open the floor for 
questions and answers. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much sir. The first question is from the line of Nishi Shah from Star 
tar Wealth Advisors. Please go ahead.  
Nishi Shah: 
Hello, thank you for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions. In the interim 
budget, Finance Minister announced 2 crores additional houses under PM Awas 
Yojana. As a company, how are we looking at it? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, actually, this is definitely going to help to the industry like us. But spending, when 
it is going to happen, then only the impact will come.  
Nishi Shah: 
What are the key trends in the building materials industry? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: As I said, the rural economy is not, you know, still it is subdued. So, let's see how the 
new budget what they have announced and the other announcement is being done by 
the government and also the, how the economy, rural economy works. That's what is 
going to be ultimately the drivers for our business. 
Nishi Shah: 
Okay. And could you provide the revenue breakup for the southern and western 
markets with a margin, if possible? And how are we looking at the demand scenario 
over these regions in FY'25? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: We generally maintain that roughly 60% or 65% of revenue comes from the West 
market. And 30% to 35% comes from the South market, because we are not an all-
India player at present. So, generally we are present in the West and the South, and 
little bit of the East. 
And so far the FY'25 is concerned, that all depends on how the new government is 
going to come, how they are going to announce the schemes, etc for the rural economy. 
And plus the monsoon, how it is going to behave in this year. That's what are going to 
be the factors. But we are hopeful for the '25. 
Nishi Shah: 
Okay. That answers my questions. Thank you so much for the opportunity. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 4 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Madhur Rathi from Counter Cyclical 
Investments. Please go ahead. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, I just wanted to know, the asbestos prices that get fixed in the November to 
December month, what is the pricing for FY'24 vis-a-vis FY'23? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, compared to the '23, in the 24-calendar year, what the prices we have negotiated, 
which is lower than the '23. However, the impact of fluctuation in the forex may impact 
that. But as I mentioned, now the fibre prices are bottom out. There is no chance of 
much increase in the fibre prices, except the fluctuation in the forex. 
Madhur Rathi: 
Sir, what is the quantum of decline in the raw material prices and what kind of impact 
can it have on a decline in our raw material in the FY'24? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, the quantum for making the asbestos, roofing sheet is around 45% to 50%. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. We will take the next question from the line of Surbhi Bhatnagar from 
Vogabe. Please go ahead. 
Surbhi Bhatnagar: 
Very good afternoon. Sir, congratulations on the great results. Sir, I just wanted to 
enquire that when can we anticipate the imported raw material prices to begin 
normalising?  
Tuljaram Maheshwari: It's already normalised. 
Surbhi Bhatnagar: 
Okay, sir. And can we expect the gross margin to improve going forward? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: As I mentioned, this is all the mix of three things. One is the demand increases. Second 
is, you know, the forex fluctuation gets normalised. And third is, you know, if the 
government announces the good schemes, etc, for the rural economy, definitely it will 
improve. However, as I mentioned, it's going to be better in coming quarters. 
Surbhi Bhatnagar: 
Okay, sir. Fair enough. And, sir, what is your outlook on the capacity utilisation? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Capacity utilisation, at present, we are already at 76% for Q3 and the nine months. And 
hopefully, by the end of Q4, we would be at 80%-82%. 
Surbhi Bhatnagar: 
Okay, sir. All right. That's it from my side. Thank you, sir.  
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Gunit Singh from Counter Cyclical 
PMS. Please go ahead. 
Gunit Singh: 
What percentage of our raw materials are imported and how much of our raw materials 
are sourced locally in terms of percentage of raw materials? 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 5 of 13 
 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, for the roofing material is concerned, roofing industry is concerned or the asbestos 
roofing is concerned, that is a 50%-50%. And in the non-asbestos, it is around 25% to 
30% is imported. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And, sir, what is the quantum of decline in prices of asbestos?  
Tuljaram Maheshwari: It is around 2%. 
Gunit Singh: 
And, sir, regarding the capex that was planned, so are they on schedule, are they on 
track currently? And by when can we expect commissioning? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, there is some delay. If you see the Odisha, which was to go in FY'26, which will 
go now to FY'27. Similarly, Wada, which was to go in FY'25, which will go to the 
FY'26. There is a delay of one year in both the capexes. Mainly, still land acquisition 
is not yet completed. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right. And, sir, you mentioned that in calendar year 2024, we would see a decline 
in realizations as compared to 2023. Is my understanding correct? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes. 
Gunit Singh: 
So, I mean, would we be able to maintain the current EBITDA margins? Or, I mean, 
how does the outlook for FY25? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: I think going forward, if everything is normal geopolitical situation and the market 
condition, we would be able to maintain this EBITDA margin of this quarter. 
Gunit Singh: 
Around 10%. And, sir, what is the outlook for, I mean, FY'25 in terms of top line and 
bottom line? Are we seeing any volume growth in FY'25? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: We generally don't give it because that all is a different dynamic. So, we generally 
don't give an outlook. But, as you have seen how we are growing quarter-to-quarter 
and year-to-year, you can easily estimate yourself and can work out, please. 
Gunit Singh: 
I mean, looking at the current outlook and the kind of push in the economy, do we look 
at any volume growth in FY'25? That's what I'm trying to understand. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: I know your question is. But, as you have seen, quarter-to-quarter, we are having an 
increase in the volume as well as the value. So, same -- you can always estimate and 
can work out. But, generally, we don't give a forecast what will be in the next year. 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. So, can you give a breakup of volume and value growth in Q3, FY'24 
year-on-year?  
Tuljaram Maheshwari: We generally don't give a volume. It is a value.  

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 6 of 13 
 
Gunit Singh: 
All right, sir. That's all from my side. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Gandhi from Inoquest Advisor 
Private Limited. Please go ahead. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Yes. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to have some basic thought process 
and what's your overall game plan, because the sales have been growing at 15%-16%, 
but EBITDA growth is very small, 4%-5%, whereas operating leverage benefits and 
other things should kick in. But, unfortunately, though other building material 
companies have given substantial upside in that also, but here we are lagging. So, what 
do you think? What are the learnings of this and where do you think you can start 
growing EBITDA growth better than the revenue growth? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, I don't agree that others are doing well and we are not. If you see the industry like 
us, all the details are there. Already, the results have been published. And if you see, 
we are among highest in the growth in terms of revenue as well as in the profitability. 
So, this is all the industry dynamics where the cost of raw material mainly the fiber, 
asbestos fiber has increased considerably, which we could not pass into the market. 
So, that is the case with everybody. 
However, we are much, much better than others. So, I don't agree with your statement 
that others are doing good and we are not. So, I don't agree with that. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
That's what I said. Let's ignore others. Let's talk of ours… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: You have said about the others. That's why I said it. Otherwise, I would not have raised 
this point. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Can we talk of ours now? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes, please. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
How are we proposed too go ahead with where do we see, is it possible EBITDA 
growing faster than the revenue growth? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: EBITDA growing is, as I mentioned in my statement and the few questions earlier, that 
is a mix of three things. One is that when the demand increases, the rural economy, the 
government spend in the rural economy becomes more, then definitely it is going to be 
positive. Plus, the geopolitical situation becomes normal. So, once these three things 
happen, definitely it has to happen positively. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
How much do you spend on these two plants right now? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari:  INR 45 crores 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 7 of 13 
 
Nitin Gandhi: 
 
Out of INR190 crores, we have already spent INR140 crores? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: INR45 crores. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Roughly INR45 crores we have spent. Okay. And first plant will be going FY27, right? 
Asbestos sheet will be… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes, that is going to be FY27 and Wada will go to FY26. 
Nitin Gandhi: 
Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Robo Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, you answered my question almost, but I was just 
looking for an update on the both the capex that we have, Odisha and Maharashtra, at 
what stage it is as of now? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: As I said, still land acquisition is not completed. So, once the land acquisition get 
completed, then particularly the asbestos will go to the public hearing and other lot of 
activities for getting a NOC from the pollution board. So, that's the process. So, that 
will go in FY'27. And so for the Wada plant is concerned, once the land acquisition is 
completed, then we will start construction and those things. That will go to FY'26. 
Aditya Sen: 
Till FY26. All right. All right, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. Thank you. The next question is from the line of Saket Kapoor from 
Kapoor Company. Please go ahead. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes. Namaskar, sir. And thank you for the opportunity. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Namaskar ji. How are you? 
Saket Kapoor:  
Sir, I am fine, sir. How are you people? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: You were not on the call, sir. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Yes, sir. Sorry, sir. I missed the last call. Sir, when we are looking at our nine-month 
number and also if we look at the Q1-Q2 performance also like we are looking at our 
gross profit margin, that has also declined. In Q2, we had 48.5% and now it is 44.25%. 
And as you are saying that the prices of raw materials have peaked out, if I have heard 
you correctly. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 8 of 13 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, how does this 2% benefit translate? We had a gross profit margin of 49% last year, 
which has now declined to 42%. And last year the average was 46.6%, so, just to 
understand that this 2% will go to the margin accretion only, and or we have to give 
the benefits because of subdued economic activity? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Kapoor ji, there are two things in this. Actually, the 2% raw material prices have gone 
down, but you always carry an inventory of six-seven months. So exact impact will 
come somewhere in the third quarter to fourth quarter, not before that. So that is one. 
And point number two, in the present circumstances, I don't see whatever the saving 
we are going to do in raw material purchasing will be passed on no. 
Definitely, already the margins are so low. So the chance of passing is very low. 
However, that all depends on the market situation at that time. But I personally feel 
that chances are very, very less. Because the cost which increased in the last year has 
already not been passed on. So now, whatever you are going to do, it is definitely not 
going to be passed on. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Right sir. So the benefit of lower RM will be there. But it will be the buoyancy in 
demand and the spending that will lead to improved realization. So for that we have to 
wait for the actual demand to rise… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes, yes. You are right. That's what I mentioned. Because these are three dynamics. 
One is the demand has to increase. Second is the government impetus on the rural 
economy that should continue. But post this general election, how the things are going 
to work out that is also one has to look into. And third, always we have hanging sword 
of monsoon. We don't know. Because over 80% business depends on the rural 
economy and the rural market. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And it is also the distribution of monsoon, sir, that is more important today than the 
amount of water. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes, yes. 
Saket Kapoor: 
So those factors need to be… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Going forward, we are hopeful. Because whatever has to happen has happened from 
the cost front already, I don't see much on the cost side. So only the market positiveness 
and the demand once increased. Because if you have seen the results of other FMCGs 
and, those things also, are impacted because of rural economy not doing well. So that 
impact we also faced. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, what is the impact of seasonality also on my numbers? Seasonality, which quarter? 
I am asking, sir, seasonality, the seasonality factor is also there in our business. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 9 of 13 
 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Seasonality is given in our industry. But generally, if the FMCG is doing good in the 
rural economy, their data are also available, we go through those data So I have not 
seen in Q3 any improvement in those FMCG also. 
Saket Kapoor: 
What should be the likelihood to close the year? Means we have seen sales increasing 
Q-on-Q from September to December. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, the point is, you have seen quarter-to-quarter top line increase is there. So 
hopefully, we will definitely close positively. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That gap is already seen, sir that is true. That gap is already seen… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: What did you say, Kapoor ji. I didn't get it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, I am telling you, it is already seen that your top line growth will be maintained. 
But the impact of the bottom line is still being translated. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Bottom line, I think it would be more or less in this line only, not going to be the great. 
Saket Kapoor: 
That is right, sir. What is the total debt on the book? What is the net debt? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Total debt is, we have at present INR140 crores, including working capital. Out of that, 
INR45 crores is long term debt and INR100 crores is short term, that is working capital. 
Saket Kapoor: 
And what is the blended cost of fund? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Around 8%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
8%. And lastly, when is our rating due? Rating rationale? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: That will be after the closure of the year. May be, I think, June-July. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And last, any updates that we have for the rating? What are our current ratings? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: As it always happens, once we give a result, always that call is accepted. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. But what are our current ratings, sir? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: A-.  
Saket Kapoor: 
Right. And lastly, sir, on this, the Southern unit that we have prepared, how are the 
utilization levels? What has been the contribution? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Utilization is good now. I think we are at 60% capacity utilization. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 10 of 13 
 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And we will be closing the year on that, in this vicinity only 60%? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes. That unit will be closed at 60%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
60%. And next year, sir? Is it fair to understand what could be? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Next year, that unit will go to 80%. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay. And the products, sir, how different are they or are in the same line? So, what is 
the percentage? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: This is a non-asbestos product and it's a normal vanilla product because we don't make 
there the value-added because value-added we are doing only in the Chinchwad plant. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, last point is when we look at this Awas Yojna part of the story, how have the 
companies like us in this asbestos segment and the board segment benefited? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Definitely, it is going to benefit, because now in the budget only they have announced 
this and if you see, particularly the two states, the BJP government has come and in 
the past government most of the work is not done. So, I think before the election they 
will try to do something but time is very less. So, practically you won't get the benefit 
of that announcement. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Sir, my point was that this scheme has been going on from the beginning and now… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Certain government has not spent on that side  
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, sir. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Because you have seen wherever the state government is aligned to the central 
government has done. The states which are not aligned, have not done. Whether, it is 
Awas Yojna or other schemes which is run by the central government. So, that impact 
you will see everywhere. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so it is fair to understand that… 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Now things have changed post the three states election. So, I think definitely because 
in those three states we are present. So, we will get the benefit of it. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, so that means you are referring to the state of Chhattisgarh and other two 
elections. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Rajasthan and MP there. 
Saket Kapoor: 
Okay, right. Thank you for this opportunity, sir. Thank you. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 11 of 13 
 
Moderator: 
The next question is from the line of Ravi Shah from Opal Securities. Please go ahead. 
Ravi Shah: 
Sir, actually, I had two questions. My first question was on the current market share of 
the company where we are in the up-key markets where we are present. What are the 
numbers you can share? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, as I said, we are the leader in the West. Our market share in the West would be 
around 35%-37%. And in the South, we would be around 18%-20%. 
Ravi Shah: 
Understood, sir. Sir, my second question is, can you provide some updates on the 
Perundurai plant operations and capacity utilizations? Also, any new developments on 
the Odisha project? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: In Perundurai plant, at present we are at 60% capacity utilization. And going forward, 
in the next year, we will touch to 80%. And the plant is already stabilized. And all the 
issues of the initial hiccups have been sorted out. And the product is well accepted by 
the market. 
Ravi Shah: 
Got it. Sir, one last question. I mean, in the initial comment, you also mentioned about 
the floods in Tamil Nadu. And we have a presence over there. So, was our capacity 
utilization affected by that? And because of that, our sales could have been affected? 
Or it was a normalized number for us? I mean, is this a normal number? Or should we 
look at it differently? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: See, as I mentioned, because my market share is better in the West. So, West plants 
are giving a better capacity utilization. However, my market share is low there. So, that 
is a little low in particular in both the plants at South. 
Ravi Shah: 
So, you are saying there was no major impact by the floods? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: No, no. 
Ravi Shah: 
Okay, understood, sir. Thank you and all the best, sir. Thanks, sir. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Yug Mehta from AP Capital. Please 
go ahead. 
Yug Mehta: 
Hi, thank you for this opportunity. Sir, I just had one question. There is a growing 
preference for other roofing units like metal roofing. So, what are our endeavours in 
this area? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: At present, we are not looking at those things because we still have to expand ourselves 
and become a pan-India. So, once we complete that, then we look to other products. 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 12 of 13 
 
 Yug Mehta: 
Okay, sir. That's all. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Rajesh from Apex Investments. Please 
go ahead. 
Rajesh: 
Hi, thank you for the opportunity. So, my question is that we are noticing that there is 
a pricing, pressure. And so, do we anticipate a price hike on our products? And if so, 
then by how much percent? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: As I mentioned in my previous answers also that all depends on the demand increases 
in the market. And generally, the first quarter of the year is always good. So, hopefully 
in the Q1 of next year, there has to be some price increase. And quantum, I cannot tell 
you now because that all depends on demand and supply and how much gap is there 
in the market. And based on that, the price increase will be determined. 
Rajesh: 
I understand. Thank you. So, my second question is related to the current quarter 
because over the past few years, we have noticed that this is seasonally the best quarter 
for this particular sector. So, what kind of demand do you have seen for the initial? I 
mean, if we have seen the demand in initial days, what is your comment on that? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: At present, we are not seeing the demand in this quarter also. There is still subdued. 
But still, one and a half months is there. We don't know. Things may change positively. 
But as you know, there is election and definitely going to impact March-April because 
these are the two months where lot of election activities will happen. So, definitely that 
may impact compared to the normal months. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Prachi Shah from ABC Ventures. 
Please go ahead. 
Prachi Shah: 
Yes. So, I have two questions. First is, are you looking for any new product 
development in non-asbestos category? 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: That's ongoing. We are working on it. We are already in that. If you see our total 
capacity, out of 69,000, 19,000 is non-asbestos. 
Prachi Shah: 
Okay. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: So, already we are working towards it. Then the Wada plant is again going to be the 
non-asbestos. 
Prachi Shah: 
Okay, sir. So, my second question is, there is an increase of approximately like INR70 
lakhs in finance cost on sequential basis, right? So, can you please help us understand 
the same? 

 
 
Sahyadri Industries Limited 
 
 
February 13, 2024 
 
Page 13 of 13 
 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: The interest cost, you are talking about the interest cost? 
Prachi Shah: 
No, finance cost. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Yes, that's mainly the interest cost. So, because, you know, the utilization, because of 
the more utilization of the working capital, so there is an increase. But if you see in 
totality, quarter-to-quarter if you see, hardly there is an increase because last year it 
was 3.1 and this year it is 3.3. So, it is only INR20 lakhs, not much. So, it is a normal 
phenomenon. Generally, Q3 is a subdued. So, we have to create the inventory for 
season. So, finished goods will still get increased. So, that is normal. 
Prachi Shah: 
Okay, sir. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As there are no further questions from the participants, I now hand the 
conference over to Mr. Tuljaram Maheshwari for closing comments. Over to you, sir. 
Tuljaram Maheshwari: Thank you, everyone. I hope we have been able to answer all your questions 
satisfactorily. However, if you need any further clarification or want to know more 
about the company, please contact SGA team, our investor relations advisor. Thank 
you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of Sahyadri Industries 
Limited, that concludes this conference. We thank you for joining us and you may now 
disconnect your lines. Thank you. 
