 
 
 
 
 
 
February 5, 2024 
 
 
BSE Limited 
Phiroze Jeejeebhoy Towers,  
Dalal Street, Mumbai – 400 001 
 
Scrip code: 532531 
 
The National Stock Exchange of India Limit
Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex 
Bandra (E) Mumbai - 400 051 
Scrip code: STAR 
Dear Madam/ Sirs, 
 
Sub:    Earnings Call transcript pertaining to un-audited Financial Results for the quarter 
and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
Ref: 
Earning Call held on January 30, 2024 pertaining to un-audited Financial Results 
for the quarter and nine months ended December 31, 2023. 
 
With reference to the above, please find enclosed herewith transcript of the Earnings Call held 
on January 30, 2024. 
 
The said transcript is also available on the website of the Company at: 
https://www.strides.com/investor-annualreport.html  
 
Request you to kindly take the above on record. 
 
Thanks & Regards, 
 
For Strides Pharma Science Limited, 
 
 
 
Manjula R 
Company Secretary 
ICSI Membership No. A30515 
 
 
Encl: a/a 
MANJULA 
RAMAMUR
THY
Digitally signed by 
MANJULA 
RAMAMURTHY 
Date: 2024.02.05 
16:02:57 +05'30'

Page 1 of 12 
 
 
 
 
 
 
“Strides Pharma Science Limited 
Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call” 
January 30, 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MANAGEMENT:  
1. MR. ARUN KUMAR  
– FOUNDER, EXECUTIVE CHAIRPERSON &          
      MANAGING DIRECTOR 
 
2. MR. BADREE KOMANDUR  
–   EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR - FINANCE & GROUP CFO 
 
 
 
INVESTOR RELATIONS:    MR. ABHISHEK SINGHAL  
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 2 of 12 
 
 
Moderator: 
Ladies and gentlemen, good day, and welcome to Q3 FY'24 Earnings Conference Call of 
Strides Pharma Science Limited. As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only 
mode and there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions after the presentation 
concludes. Should you need assistance during this conference call, please signal an operator by 
pressing star, then zero on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being 
recorded. 
I now hand the conference over to Mr. Abhishek Singhal. Thank you, and over to you, sir. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Thank you. A very good afternoon and thank you for joining us today for Strides earnings call 
for the third quarter ended financial year 2024. Today, we have with us Arun, Founder and 
Executive Chairperson and Managing Director, Badree, Executive Director Finance and Group 
CFO, to share the highlights of the business and financials for the quarter. I hope you have 
gone through our results release and the quarterly investor presentation, which have been 
uploaded on our website as well as the stock exchange website. 
The transcript for this call will be available in a week's time on the company's website. Please 
note that today's discussion may be forward-looking in nature and must be viewed in relation 
to the risks pertaining to our business. After the end of this call, in case you have any further 
questions, please feel free to reach out with the Investor Relations team. 
I now hand over the call to Arun to make his opening comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thanks, Abhishek. Good evening, everybody. Appreciate your time today. Very delighted to 
announce a very strong Q3 continuing with our guidance, beating our outlook with regards to 
revenue growth. They're upping our EBITDA well on track, meeting our U.S. guideline of the 
higher end of the $250 million run rate, three consecutive quarters of gross margins closer to 
60%. 
Very significant improvements in free cash generation, debt reduction, completion of our 
network optimization. So overall, a great quarter for the company. And what I would now 
strongly believe is a stabilizing period of our growth and then growing from here on. 
All of our businesses have done well. We do have a lumpy access market business, which is a 
small subset of our emerging market, but outside of that, the business has done -- all our 
businesses have done extremely well. 
Quickly, considering the individual regional businesses, we can just discuss a little bit about 
that. Historically, we do have a very strong portfolio of cold and flu products. Although we do 
not have a heavy flu season in the U.S., our $67 million, it has got tailwinds of stockpiling by 
wholesalers in this space. But more importantly, a bulk of the revenue growth has also come 
from our recent launches of Icosapent through our partner, Amneal. 
We also had two significant approvals during this quarter, including Suprep. We expect Suprep 
to be in the market in the next couple of weeks. And Icosapent is already in the market. We 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 3 of 12 
 
continue to maintain sustainable profitable growth, 34%, 34 products of our 65 
commercialized products out of our 280-odd ANDAs filed and approved and filed, now rank 
amongst the top 3 in terms of market share. 
This constitutes 75% of our total U.S. revenues, mainly supported by great customer efficacy, 
best-in-class service levels that we have now been accorded. And amongst the Indian 
companies to record amongst the fastest growth amongst the top 10 companies operating in the 
U.S. market. 
So overall, the last 2 quarters have been very good for Strides, and this got us being more 
focused on the absolute EBITDA growth, which is what we said we will over revenues. 
Having said that, revenue growth for the first 9 months has exceeded our outlook of 15%. We 
now have grown by 17%, so that's keeping all the outlook parameters, guidance parameters 
intact. 
Pleasingly, debt-to-EBITDA now annualized quarterly is now 2.8x from 5.7 odd in FY'22. 
That's been a massive shift. And year-to-date, it's still under 3, so we have got ahead of our 
guidance in terms of debt reduction. We continue to see free cash generation. We funded all 
our capex growth and our incremental revenue growth of 17% without increasing our debt 
profile, clearly focusing on the quality of our business and our operating leverage and the total 
working capital employed. 
As we exit Q3, we now are at a historical 13.5% ROCE. And we look -- as we move forward, 
we now, we believe that this will steadily increase in the next quarters. Our asset turn is 
amongst the best-in-class. We now turn our assets around 7x to 8x, and we'll continue to focus 
on sustainable growth in the regulated markets. 
We do have the luxury, like I mentioned in all my calls, of letting go of products when 
challenged for price because we have a long tail of approved products that are being ready for 
launch every quarter. So we constantly are very focused to keep our market share, but in a 
profitable manner in the U.S. 
The other regulated market a bit flat from Q-on-Q has grown 21% year-on-year. All markets in 
this region have operated well and we continue to drive businesses. We have won several new 
approvals in Europe and very critical licensing deals have now been secured, and we will see 
those flowthroughs in FY'25 and our investments in the other regulated markets is playing out 
well. 
Product portfolio expansion, network optimization, continued momentum of filings will be the 
key focus for improved market share in the other regulated markets. We have recently won 
several new businesses in our South African operation from a long-term tender business, so 
that will also add to some important upticks in value and business. 
Our growth markets are very small in terms of sites but has grown by a whopping 71% to $19 
million in spite of the fact that the access market business has been lumpy. The access market 
business is not necessarily our primary focus as we build proprietary IP-owned businesses in 
the U.S. and other regulated markets. 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 4 of 12 
 
Overall, we already spoke about debt, very strong performance on the balance sheet and we've 
had a last loss pickup from Stelis. And this is nothing to do with Sputnik. We have already 
written off all the inventories related to Sputnik in Stelis. Having said that, we had several 
consumables that can be used for many years in our other plants. But we have provided for 
them such that we operate once they are listed as OneSource of pure-play CDMO. 
We have provided for all those inventories and there are no more onetime pickups of Stelis 
going forward. Q4, as you can see, Stelis has grown its business significantly. Last year, we 
had revenues of only INR5 crores to now INR60 crores and we would have even a stronger 
quarter in Q4. We have guided that in H2, we will be EBITDA positive. We will be EBITDA 
positive in spite of a marginal negative reporting of EBITDA in this quarter. 
We had -- we completed the Syngene transaction. Although we announced the deal at INR700 
crores, we -- both Syngene and Stelis agreed that we retain 20,000 liters of equipment for us 
build out in our Unit 2, which is already FDA approved, considering that we are now full up 
on our biologics capacity. 
We have had great success in the last 9 months in Stelis. We have now added more customers 
on a regular basis. We have 16 unique customers. We have secured master services agreements 
for $56 million in the first 9 months, which is significantly greater than all the contracts we 
have signed in our 4 years of CDMO operation. And we have now -- our partners now 
received approved status or close to receiving approvals for the first GMP, and we have 
already received our first commercial order for a significant value in FY'25. And we are now 
more and more confident to guide that the business in Stelis will be PAT-positive from next 
year. 
We have also reduced our corporate guarantees issued by Strides by almost INR600 crores and 
debt -- including new debt that is just being in the process of being secured, will mean that the 
net debt will come down quite significantly to about INR450 crores, including DSRA deposits 
that we have. As regards to scheme for OneSource, we are in the process of addressing queries 
from the exchanges. 
We expect to hear more from them in the next couple of weeks. And we are confident that 
we'll still be in a position to file our NCLT applications for the demerger and listing -- merger, 
demerger listing in this quarter. We have received all the significant NOCs from lenders, 
which has now been secured, and we look positively forward to a great outcome from 
OneSource. 
That's a fairly longish introduction, and I'm very happy to take questions. And as always, if 
there are listeners who would want to ask these questions later, please do not hesitate to 
contact us separately. Thank you. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. And the first question is from the line of from Akash from Motilal Oswal Financial 
Services Limited. Pleased go ahead. 
Akash: 
Congratulations on the good set of numbers. I have a couple of questions. My first question is 
the commercial service agreement for GLP1 product with one customer is for which market? 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 5 of 12 
 
Arun Kumar: 
It is for regulated markets. 
Akash: 
Okay. And the second question is on Icosapent approval. There are almost 7 to 8 players now. 
How do you think the business potential is for Strides? And also could you share the API 
source for the product? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, we don't share API source, but we do not have a constraining situation with API, which 
is why many of the existing players do not have a significant market share. So I can only tell 
you that. We expect our market share to be a leading market share like in all software and 
capsules that we have. 
Akash: 
Okay. And my next question is like what kind of price erosion is witnessed in the base 
portfolio in U.S.? 
Arun Kumar: 
Negligible or hardly anything, as I mentioned in my opening statement. 
Akash: 
Okay. And could you -- Just could you tell the reason for lower depreciation, which is down 
Q-o-Q and Y-o-Y basis? 
Arun Kumar: 
So we announced the Singapore divestment in the last quarter. And we also mentioned that this 
divestment has got significant line items below EBITDA because it had lease rentals. And 
since that was sold and completed, the depreciation and the line items attached to those dataset 
is now completely gone and so the new level of depreciation. 
Akash: 
Okay. And my last question is, how much is the scope for further improvement in gross 
margins from current level of 59%? 
Arun Kumar: 
Well, I think at 59%, 60%, we already are amongst best-in-class. Maintaining this would be 
more challenging than growing it. So I think in your modelling, you should consider that 60% 
as a gross margin for our model. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Shantanu Maheshwari, an individual investor. 
Please go ahead. 
Shantanu Maheshwari: 
So my question is regarding the U.S. business. So we have seen a decent ramp-up in the U.S. 
business over the last few quarters. What is the global situation… 
Arun Kumar: 
Sorry, Shantanu, you're breaking. So you may want to check your -- from your end. 
Abhishek Singhal: 
Can we take the next question, please? 
Moderator: 
Yes, sir. The next question is from the line of Sarvesh Gupta from Maximal Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Congratulations on a decent set of numbers. Sir, first question is on the corporate guarantee, so 
we can see in the annexure that the corporate guarantees provided by Stelis stood at around 
INR500 crores. So I'm assuming that this is after the reduction of INR600 crores achieved on 
sale of the facility. So it was INR1,100 crores going down to INR500 crores. 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 6 of 12 
 
Now there are two questions related to it. First of all, now, again, there is a proposal to 
increase the corporate guarantees by INR350 crores. This is despite the fundraising at the 
Stelis level. So if you can throw some more light that why are we again going back on 
increasing the corporate guarantees? And secondly, why are these corporate guarantees much 
in excess to the gross loan, which Stelis has got at its balance sheet level? 
Arun Kumar: 
Two questions. So corporate guarantees are a function of total loans outstanding, and we are in 
the process of getting our banks to reduce it to the level of outstanding, so the gross to net gap 
is almost about INR250-odd crores. 
The second point is that we have not raised -- we have the ability to raise up to $100 million in 
OneSource relisting. At this time, what we have now taken a new facility is only a bridge to 
the listing. And the corporate guarantees of Strides will completely go off the balance sheet in 
the next 12 months. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Okay. So this is just a temporary facility and, according to you, once this demerger takes place 
then all the corporate guarantees -- or basically, every liability that Strides has towards Stelis 
will vanish? 
Arun Kumar: 
Don't forget that the Strides shareholders are the biggest beneficiaries of OneSource. And 
obviously, all of this is one of the other reasons why it is the beneficiary, for which -- for 
having supported and sustained the company. But once it's listed all of these guarantees will go 
off the book. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
So sir, as part of this demerger, lenders are okay with such an arrangement wherein Strides 
will no longer have any corporate guarantees towards Stelis? 
Arun Kumar: 
Because there will also be that much less loans in OneSource, right, the new company. 
Sarvesh Gupta: 
Understood. Understood. And secondly, you mentioned about the one-offs, which we have 
taken pursuant to that injectable business in Stelis. So now we have arrived at a INR7 crores 
EBITDA loss as per the presentation. So what was the write-off that we have taken? And what 
would the EBITDA be ex of this write-off at Stelis level for this quarter? 
Arun Kumar: 
The write-offs are all discontinued business write-offs and has got nothing to do with the 
EBITDA. It is below the EBITDA line item. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
Sir, one of our main growth factors for the coming 2, 3 years will be the product launches. This 
is what we understand as per our research and we have guided -- we have been guiding that 
we'll launch 15 products roughly per year. So we just want more light on this subject. Like 
how certain are we off this 15 product addition per year? And roughly how much revenue 
addition do we expect per year in the coming 2 years? 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 7 of 12 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, so we don't have specifics, Aditya. We have close to about 150 approved ANDAs that are 
in the process of doing significant rework for it to be cost leaders or quality to ensure that the 
quality is the right quality because many of these ANDAs are old and they've been acquired 
from our end of transaction. 
So we are very confident of launching. These products are already approved, so we are not 
dependent on any ANDA approvals to launch 15-odd products per year. So there's no lack of 
confidence on that. But the timing of these launches is a function of the right market 
opportunity and the pricing that we get. And until we do that, we are a very patient player in 
the market, and that is how we have been disciplined to deliver the kind of gross margins that 
we have in the last 3 quarters consistently. 
So to your point, we have the approved products. We have high on confidence to launch 15-
odd products. Should we launch 15, should we launch 10, that's a function of the market, but to 
ensure that we have guided the market that we aspire to be a $400 million company in the 
U.S., we currently have a run rate of around $280-odd million, $260-odd million, $270-odd 
million. And we are very confident get to $400 million, we have all the tools in hand, but we 
are timing it and calibrating it to ensure that our margin profile does not change. 
Aditya Sen: 
All right. All right. And also, we previously guided that we will be doing some sort of cost 
optimization to boost our EBITDA to approximately 21%, 22% range. So are we on track on 
this? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. If you look at our press release, you will notice that our costs have not changed in the last 
many quarters, very focused on cost control. There is more to go and we believe that getting to 
a 21% EBITDA is realistic, and that's what we are focused on. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Nitin Agarwal from DAM Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
Arun, on the U.S. sales for this quarter, you've talked about Icosapent being launched in the 
quarter, so has the full impact or the peak impact of that visible in the quarter or there is more 
to come for the launch? 
Arun Kumar: 
No. So basically, Nitin, as we announced, this is in partnership with Amneal. So our profit 
share part of it will flow through in the coming quarters. So what you see in the revenue uplift 
is basically transfer pricing. So there's more to come to... 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And likewise, Suprep, you said, it's going to be more like a Q1, Q4 launch, so the full impact 
of these 2 launches should be visible more like in Q4 and Q1. 
Arun Kumar: 
Q1 of next year, we'll have full launch. This will be just a few weeks in this year -- sorry in 
Q4, it will be a few weeks. You'll have a full impact in Q1. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
For both the launches? 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 8 of 12 
 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes. I think to a very large extent Ico, you will see it fully in Q4, but we're not sure about our 
profit share coming through in Q4 because typically, this takes -- there's a lag of 4 to 5 months 
of the profit shares come through. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly, in terms of when you look through the next year and the 10 to 15 launches 
you've talked about, and when you sort of look at these 2 launch approvals, which have come 
through like Suprep and Icosapent, do you have in your portfolio in your assessment similar 
sort of opportunities, which are there for future approvals in the coming quarters? 
Arun Kumar: 
We spoke about this last, so just to reiterate that we do have -- we are up the needle in terms of 
our product size per molecule in the marketplace. So effectively, we've started investing in 
products, which now average $15 million to $20 million. So Ico, Suprep are products that meet 
that criteria. There are a few more coming our way. 
There are from the end of portfolio that would reach that milestone, get the work that we're 
doing with the FDA to be cost competitive or source changing and revalidating the product 
under newer processes and technologies that are currently required to meet the compliance 
standards of the regulator. 
So yes, I think that the era of $4 million to $5 million for product is now behind us because 
that also complicates our manufacturing and supply chain process with so many changeovers 
and SKUs. So yes, so we are now invested in that $15 million to $20 million ideas and we 
seem to have a fairly reasonable success rate of selecting and getting products approved fairly 
quickly in that bucket. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And secondly, on the other regulated markets, you talked about a lot of things starting to flow 
through in FY'25. So FY'25 growth, particularly, why do you see a meaningful delta over what 
you've done in the last couple of years in this business? 
Arun Kumar: 
From H2, yes. We've just secured some major product approvals through the DCP process. 
They are going through the national filing. These have been licensed out to some of the largest 
players in the market for Pan-European launches. 
So the DCP process has been already approved, so product approval is behind us, but the 
national process takes upwards of 3 to 4 months and these very large companies take -- so H2 
FY'25, you can see a meaningful bump up on our numbers from the other regulatory markets. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And it's going to be the last one. On the biologic CDMO component of the business, which is 
there in Stelis, can you help us understand in terms of how do you see that piece really playing 
out over the next 3, 4, 5 years? 
Arun Kumar: 
We have guided again firmly that in the next 4 to 5 years, look at Stelis part of the business to 
be a $400 million CDMO business and we expect the EBITDA to be in the 50% range. 
Nitin Agarwal: 
And in that, if you can take it further, the biologic CDMO is going to be one segment of that. I 
mean, that is right now probably the smallest portion in the OneSource business as it is 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 9 of 12 
 
envisaged. I mean, how do you -- what kind of trajectory do you see for that business -- that 
segment rather? 
Arun Kumar: 
A lot of the growth is coming from biologics in the $400 million. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of V.P. Rajesh from Banyan Capital. Please go 
ahead. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
My first question was regarding the outlook for the rest of the world business -- or excuse me, 
rest of the regulated market business. The way you have given guidance for the U.S. side, do 
you plan to share that now or in a couple of quarters down the road? 
Arun Kumar: 
A couple of quarters down the road. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Okay. And on this quarterly revenue that you have posted, how much of the business is going 
to go away to OneSource? 
Arun Kumar: 
Of the total revenue, so we guide -- when we announced OneSource, we did say that we would 
still, in spite of the business going close to about INR150 crores of EBITDA going -- moving 
away, we would still do INR750 crores next year. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Right. I was just asking about this quarter, so we have done INR1,000 crores -- INR1,100-or-
so crores or revenue, how much of that is going to go away? 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, we are trending quite equally per quarter, so you should assume it's INR150 crores, 
INR160 crores divided by 4. 
V.P. Rajesh: 
Understood. Okay. And then lastly, on the timeline, from today, how many months before 
OneSource gets listed in your estimation? 
Arun Kumar: 
I think outer limit would be 12 months from now. We obviously are -- the results are subject to 
the exchanges giving us their approvals. And from there on, it could be 6 to 9 months and then 
the listing process. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Tushar Bohra from MK Ventures. Please go 
ahead. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Congratulations to the management for a good set of numbers. A quick clarification in the 
response to a previous participant, did we mention OneSource has $400 million revenue, 
which is guided earlier, but 50% EBITDA margin? 
Arun Kumar: 
So the question that Nitin was asking me what is the OneSource business, which is -- which 
we said we have already guided $400 million. The biologics part of the business is where the 
growth engine is a 50% margin business. The rest of the business is a 30% business. The bulk 
of the growth comes from biologics, so when we list -- when you -- when we carved out 
OneSource, we did mention that FY'25 revenues will be about $180 million with about $65 
million of EBITDA. 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 10 of 12 
 
We are now in a strong position to reconfirm those numbers. We also guided in that document 
that 4 years from there on, we should be a $400 million business with that bias to increased 
EBITDA. The EBITDA bias comes from the fact that the Biologics division delivers EBITDA 
of close to 50%. 
Tushar Bohra: 
And this -- we would have some contractual visibility as well, right, because we already have 
some contracts in place for the next 2, 3 years, right? So it's fair to assume that there's a proper 
contraction basis for some of this outlook bullishness for us? 
Arun Kumar: 
For the CDMO business works, you can't -- we are not -- we are a concentrated customer base. 
We have 16 customers with very large accounts and we have fair visibility of forecast, and we 
do a sensitivity on that forecast and yet we come up with those kind of numbers. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it, sir. And regarding the U.S. business, I think in the second quarter call, we had sort of 
guided that the journey from $250 million to $400 million would be fairly evenly split in 
something like $320 million, $330 million or rather $320 million next year. We're good for 
that, right? We continue to maintain that outlook or will it be a stronger growth next year and 
then more gradual one the year thereafter? 
Arun Kumar: 
No. We -- if it strong -- if it's quicker than the quality of the business is back, so you're right. 
It's more graduated and calibrated in that basis. 
Tushar Bohra: 
Got it, sir. But the incremental delta coming from U.S., but our gross margin guidance remains 
at around 60%. So is it fair to assume that we have been conservative here? Or do we see a 
pressure on some of the base business, which last few quarters has not been the case with us? 
Or is it any of the other markets where we are being more conservative on the margin side? 
Arun Kumar: 
So we are consciously moving some of our products B2B in the U.S., which we never used to 
do. And that is why -- but the related SG&A costs are much lower because it gives us an 
improved working capital cycle time, which is our focus, improved free cash generation. So 
gross margin is not necessarily an indicator of EBITDA, of what an EBITDA could be. So the 
reason why we say that we do not wish to increase our guidance on 59.3%, the flow-through 
from 63% to -- does not make it 18% to 21%. 59% can also be 21% just with opex leverage. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The next question is from the line of Omkar, an individual investor. Please go 
ahead. 
Omkar: 
Sir, congratulation to you and entire Strides team for great set of numbers in terms of gross 
margin as well as operating profit margin. I'm having two questions, sir. As more products will 
get launched every quarter in U.S., can we say now our quarterly run rate will be around $70 
million per quarter? And when can we expect growth in ORM, other regulated market, I mean 
to say, as we are doing consistently $40 million revenue per quarter in ORM market? 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you for your commentary on our performance, but I would not judge numbers. We have 
given a general guidance that we will do $250 million this year. We are well on track. We have 
alluded to the fact that $310 million to $320 million is possible. Next year, we will do that. So 
that could be more than $70 million, it could be more than $80 million. And in the other 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 11 of 12 
 
regulated markets, we have just mentioned to Nitin's question earlier that H2 will be much 
stronger than H1 and that will also ensure that the business grows beyond the $40 million per 
quarter run rate. 
Omkar: 
Sir, as far as ORM is concerned, when the other regulated markets start performing because as 
we are doing consistently that $40 million revenue per quarter, so when can we see the 
momentum in other regulated market also? 
Arun Kumar: 
But on a year-on-year basis, it has grown 21%, right? So it is not consistently $40 million. It's 
actually grown by 21%, so that's a... 
Omkar: 
Sorry to interrupt, but I track Strides' performance every quarter properly. So I know your 
average revenue in other regulated market is always $36 million to $40 million. Y-o-Y, you 
have gone up, but I know all the quarterly figures how Strides is performing and they're doing 
a very good job. But just asking for ORM. For U.S. Strides team is doing excellent, but just 
wanted to confirm for the ORM also because as of now, we are still at that $36 million to $40 
million revenue per quarter. 
Arun Kumar: 
Yes, so Omkar, it's going to be like that for another 2, 3 quarters because there is a process 
called registration and national registrations. We have secured a lot of great product approvals 
in the last 1 month, but the process of national approvals will take another 3 to 4 months. So in 
H2 of next year, you will see significant improvement in our numbers. Until then, if we can do 
$40 million per quarter, we think that's been a great job with the other regulated markets, given 
that we started investing in this market recently. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. The last question is from the line of Aditya Sen from RoboCapital. Please go 
ahead. 
Aditya Sen: 
On the debt part, sir, I guess I missed it. Probably, we have a target to reduce debt by INR750 
crores by FY'25. Am I getting that right? 
Arun Kumar: 
No. Where do you get that from? 
Aditya Sen: 
I'm not sure, probably older PPTs or something. So where are we? What is the target? How are 
we placed on this? 
Arun Kumar: 
So we already have met our target. We are not going to guide on that anymore. We are under 3 
this peak and quarter ahead of it, and we are in a very comfortable position with debt. And our 
focus is on the balance sheet. And consequently, debt reduction is a natural extension of our 
operating leverage. 
We do not have any inorganic strategies or major capex that we can't fund ourselves. So 
consequently, all our free cash generation is going to debt reduction. We don't have a specific 
number, but it's normal in our business that if you generate a INR750 crores gross margin, you 
generate free cash of close to INR450 crores to INR500 crores. 

 
 
Strides Pharma Science Limited
 
 
January 30, 2024 
Page 12 of 12 
 
So after capex, it's quite feasible for us to reduce debt by INR300 crores, INR400 crores every 
year, like we did this year -- like we will do this year, like we did last year. And we'll continue 
to do that in the following years. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. As that was the last question, I would now like to hand the conference over to 
management for closing comments. 
Arun Kumar: 
Thank you. We appreciate arranging this conference and to our friends and investors, thank 
you for listening in. And like I said, if you have any questions, please feel free to write to us or 
to contact Abhishek. Thank you, have a great day. 
Moderator: 
Thank you. On behalf of Strides Pharma Science Limited, that concludes this conference. 
Thank you for joining us, and you may now disconnect your lines. 
***** 
